After I purchased the in app upgrade,I can't get a refund a few minutes later after finding a better app
Pretty sure I know how to use it yet will not connect or work properly.
Wtf.  Just want a dvr viewer to work with ics.
Fake azz fawk, don't down load.
Cannot view camera away from home.  After hours of trying to figure out why it appears it only works when connected to WiFi.  The whole idea was to be able to see it away from house. I upgraded but the app store does not show I upgraded and will not let me rate it.
downloaded this software but as soon as i try to test my i p cam, it closes. please fix
Used on htc Desire 2.2 for dvr Qsee QT528 with VBR stream. It hangs in matrix view. I can't remember ever exiting this app the normal way because I always end up terminating or force clasing it.
Crash after crash!
Doest work. I tried to see if a phone ringing and it wasnt even in USA .  Gdshkh yfshjhc.!!!!!!!
When it works, it's great. Most of the time it will not work. Technology requires a computer Guru to fix each time. HTC EVO 4G Android 2.3.5
Did not work on the Logitech Revue, so for me, no joy.
You cannot rotate your cctv camera position. It's completely disabled. You must use android apps provided by your cctv manufacturer.
Weleh2. .
Ever since the 04/25 upgrade it has not worked for the DROID bionic..please fix!!!!
I AM A COMPUTER PROGRAMMER ....... DOWNLOAD EAGLE EYES, THE FREE VERSION EVEN, FOR AN EASY WORKING APP. TRUST ME
I am on vacation and now you have screwed me out of being able to check on my facility and my home fix this update now !!!!
App no longer works after last update.
This WAS a great app with a crystal clear picture, but because of the update on 4/25/2012 it will not connect to the video feed. Uninstalling.
New update sucks can not see my cams please change back
New update caused Qsee 444 to no longer work. 4-25-12
I can test capture image from camera but Can't view camera in app... Pls fix this bug...
No integrity.
Ads re only drawback
Does not support h.264 viewing of my dvr and developer not willing to support.  Having to use another product for quality viewing.  Disappointed as this app has great potential.
Steel have a problem with 3r prestige no audio..
Got it to work but then it just quit and can not get it back on = (
Rubbish
No support for WD video receiver, Scientific Atlanta DVR, or HP Webcam.	Needs more drivers.
View camera
Only con...no sound without the paid edition!   Works great!!   No issues!
PURCHASED BUT STILL  DISPLAYS ADVERTISEMENTS
I paid but never got the download for pro. I emailed him and was told that was tough. This Guy is a thief !
Why would people rate this one star after one failed update?  Mine isn't working either but i know the dev will fix the problem.  I have the paid ver.
Anyone know why it's not working on nexus one?
Was fine until this new update installed
Will not open after update
Would not connect to Compro IP50, no matter how hard I tried it just came up with unable to connect. Interface is average also.
Better than the app that came with my system.
Works like a charm with my two Foscam cameras
Sucks....no pre defined cameras like it states or else it just wont download right	Sucks....cant get to any pre-defined traffic beach or web cams
Would've given this 5 stars up until the last update. Since then I get no feed and can't seem to configure. Before the update worked like a charm!
Worked ok but after last update it doesnt work at all. Still better than the face book app though. On Motorola Bionic
Worked great till latest update, now it lags and the widget won't load
Great picture but cams constantly lag, don't stream if they even do connect.  Cameras hardly ever all connect. Don't know if its the app or my phone.
fhjkk
Why is the world does this app have to record my phone call audio? Bet this is the reason my phone app lags when dialing
It seems to be good but it does not support the VSTAR IP Cam ? Using the generic driver did not work on my cam
Works very good galaxy s2
Was working fine, now for no reason I have no feed. Anyone know why?
Only wish I could see my cameras when im not home
Have used this app for 6 months and when it works it is perfect. But with the latest update has stopped working again. Second time this has happened. Nexus S on ICS.
One of best among 25+ apk I tried from play than decided to go for paid version. It's value for money. Superb.
3G viewing. Only works about 10% of the time. Wifi on network works all the time.
The app itself is fine, but the UI makes it look very 1990s. It's ugly, clunky, all over the place and illogical. Put some work into that and it'll be the best apparently of its kind on Play.
Much better if it had more places/cameras
Good
Received update today and now it won't work anymore.
When I am in the gallery flipping through my cameras, sometimes they would disappear and then pop back up a couple of minutes later just the 1 I was dealing with stay up in the other 1 would disappear. Please fix
This app does what its ment to do, let you view your cameras live remotely. however it would of got 5 sars had it been able to access the audio and playback recorded footage from the dvr.
Why keep changing the ZM query?
Please add a minimum of 10 cam viewers. If more, we can download the Pro Version.
Works great. Would be 5* if it recorded when motion sensor was triggerd. Would buy this if  that happend
Good picture but slow to connect to server and below average frame rate.	Several updates but still doesn't support Zmodo ptz.
It works but is a little klunky. No explaination for updates which is unacceptable.
Updated on EVO 4G and now won't work.
If only it supported the Linksys WVC54GC then it could have. But I can't blame it for my camera is very old.
This software is number 1 in my book very easy to use a very easy to install best of all out right
I like it ,but when I bought the full version it connects less frequently. Any ideas why? Is it the pro version when you upgrade? Google store says the basic version is installed.
Works good but why does it pan left when I press the right pan button and vice versa.  Using it to control my Foscam FI8910W and when I use the software that came bundled with it on my laptop panning works as it should.  works well and its free.....
Works well. Upgraded and audio is acceptable.
This is a great app, but the latest update has audio out of sync by several seconds even in my LAN. Fix? Foscam FW8610
For a free app, this is a very good ip cam viewer. Pretty average password security in place to ensure the integrity of ur ip cams. Curious to try the enhanced features available with upgrade/paid version, such as the two way speakers/mike.
not bad from a free app
can view very good, after paid to upgrade for audio,dound it's not supporting, will be great if it can support 2way audio…
Very good and usefull app. Works very well on wifi and 3G networks.
Listing the preset names not just numbers from axis cameras would be very helpful!.
Very easy to use.
I love this software.
:)
Don't know how to use I wannna.to.use my phone as a web cam please soneone reepply
Don't know how to use I wannna.to.use my phone as a web cam please soneone reepply
Awesome app except it doesn't pop up when multitasking. I Use my camera as a baby monitor and it would be much easier to quickly switch to it from where you are. Please fix!
Nice app
Weleh2. .
Very good app. It is like taking many pics in a roll but works good..
Great app
Nothing better than having your home security system in your pocket :) The full screen widget makes it really convenient.
Uinstalled and reinstalled after 4.25 update. Working again
Great app. Does what it says it does. Works well with galaxy tab 7.7.
Do the basic, would be better if I could control such as enable motion detection
With foscam PTZ.  Sgs2 ICS.
Just missing ics support
If you open, and close it a few times, or move around the menu enough, the video feed will start blinking out until you manually force close the apl, or reboot your phone
Excellent app, only thing missing is that i can't control PTZ cam
Works VERY well! Great communication & fast response from developer regarding questions. Very pleased!
Pretty good. I would like to get all cameras in one shot.
Works well for my Foscam IP cam.
Appearance on par with the Microsoft-looking web interface for my camera but it's free, it works and for that, I'm grateful!
Will not operate COP PTZ and audio from phone to cctv pa not working.  Sure it will not be for long as good developer.
This app worked great for me to manage my security cameras at my 2 business locations. After last update all camera feeds fail. I installed an alternate app and everything works fine. I'm on a g2x and using qsee cams. Help please
Otherwise could be a 4 star
this be my first review ya. app makes me feel good. i give it the star of five!
Help it more
Would give it 5 stars but  when I hit right, the cam goes left, when left is pushed, cam goes right.
Works great now
Works great!
Due to my work (security technician) i must view and test several DVRs and IP Cams. I've tried it with identivision and VideoSec DVRs and works well.
Great app, but some of the ptz controls are impossible to click when in portrait
Cant control many of the smaller settings for the foscam but can view feed and pan/tilt
great app very useful
lots of drivers.  responsive developer.  ideal for ip cams.  a little clunky for use with dvr's.
Supports a crap load of cameras!  I have had this app for 2 years and never fails, support is always excelent with bugs and has worked 3 phones
Grrrrreat app. Works like a charm.
Love it
Better than the app that came with my system.
Works well with yawcam, ez setup and use, perfect for the beginer for home survalance
This software is number 1 in my book very easy to use a very easy to install best of all out right
Works perfectly with the Foscam FI8910w.  Upgraded to Pro and the audio comes in loud and clear.
I like that it lets you take pictures.
I like it ,but when I bought the full version it connects less frequently. Any ideas why? Is it the pro version when you upgrade? Google store says the basic version is installed.
Easy to use. Awesome with zoneminder.
This is only one functional for my DVR Thank you very much !!!
Been using this for a long time now. Works brilliantly witg my Foscam. Gets updated very frequently and comms with the author have been great! The most functional IP cam application on the Play store. Buy it now!
Works extremely well. For those stuck with the camera panning the wrong way you can reverse it in the options for that camera.
Does what you need it to. Keep up the good work
End user friendly, and very good quality images
Tried various camera apps with the different types of cameras I have, seems to have the best compatibility and widest feature set of all. Not perfect but very close.
So easy to use
Controls my cheap mystery brand Chinese outdoor ball IP camera with grace and ease. It figured out what to do and I didn't even configure it.
I tried about 10 diff apps and none of them worked! Then i ran into this and walaaaa it works awesome
Even works with the cheap no brand cameras from China off of eBay
Ok
BEST IP CAMERA INTERFACE
I use it on all my cameras
Sgajak
This app is great to view traffic for my commute home. Also VERY good developer response to issues found during use. Kudos!
Loving it thanx guys
I used the Basic version for a couple of months and then bought the upgrade to the Pro version.  It's great that the developer often provides updates, which include bug fixes and additional enhancements.  I use it to access the two Foscam IP cameras that I have at home.  No problems with it - love it!
Constantly being improved.
Excellent
I use this to see whats going on in Oregon. Love it
I can see all my cameras. Cool app
Love it
This is fantastic. Thank you so much. It's seamless on ZTE Blade.
Works awesome on my galaxy nexus
I started with the Basic version.  If you only need 6 cameras, tough to beat free.  No hiccups at all on wifi, 3g or 4g on Galaxy Nexus.
Ads are a little irritating but can't complaint about that for a free app. Easy setup for multiple cams.
Super cam.
Excellent
I am able to see the defender system purchased at Sam's club
Works perfect on my Galaxy S2. Offers the widest choice of cameras and compatiblrs. Would strongly recommend PRO version which is very good value too.
Nice app. Can't wait for the motion detect video recording
Great
The camera image reproduction is by far the best on this app. Tried a few other before this one but I was so impressed with its functionality that I purchased the full version.
Awesome
Nice and fast on my nexus, galaxy tab and s2 and s3
Nice
Does exactly what it advertises!
Works awesome :)
This is way better than the one who come together with my IP camera. I like the trigger for motion detection directly from mobile without having to connect with a laptop all the time. I haven't tried the PRO options yet, perhaps will do it if in need to record video or audio.
Works flawlessly. Widgets are an awesome addition.  Ubiquitous aircam and dome.
works and easy to use
Works like a charm!
THE BEST in price and functionality, six months using it, fast connection, easy programming, and the MOST: can  find the DVR that you even know the brand,  just try the SEARCH function, and automatically find a compatible model.  GOOD JOB ROBERT, and continue updating...
Love it! I can view all 8 of my cameras in real time, view one camera at a time, and zoom in. Great app!
I can view my IP cam, nuf said! Supports my linksys WVC200.
I can view my IP cam, nuf said! Supports my linksys WVC200.
thank you so much
Works out well, even had a couple pleasant surprises.  I upgraded, grudgingly, so I could have audio, as I wanted it as a baby monitor.  I didn't have to repurchase for other devices on this acct.  Also, in view mode, swiping the screen activates pan/tilt.  That was a nice touch, it made it intuitive enough so my wife picked it up and ran with it once I set it up.
works absolutely fine
To clue some of you in if you didn't already know, these camera shots are provided by your local departments of traffic as a service to the community. Considering where these shots are coming from and how much distribution is going on, it's great! Trust me, even with a direct fiber line to your location the shots are hardly any better. Great app! Thanks.
De
The program was on my phone for 5 minutes before I chose to upgrade. It took a bit to figure out the settings to get everything to work. Once I got settings right, I was very impressed!  I will recommend to others (works with my Swann dvr8-2600 just fine) Awesome!
:)
Great app, works perfectly with 2 different Foscams I have.  UI is a little clunky but no big deal once you learn your way around.  Bought the Pro version, worth every penny.
Full
Worked great till latest update, now it lags and the widget won't load
Anyway to support the maygion v3 mic
This ap works better than the software that came with My CCTV -DVR. Quality excellent.
Works well. Might have to buy the full version.
Awesome app except it doesn't pop up when multitasking. I Use my camera as a baby monitor and it would be much easier to quickly switch to it from where you are. Please fix!
Great app for my cam that I use as a baby monitor. Thanks!
Great app for my cam that I use as a baby monitor. Thanks!
Nice app
Weleh2. .
Weleh2. .
Very good app. It is like taking many pics in a roll but works good..
It worked! Some manufacturer's host url do not required to enter port numbers in the setup. I paid to remove ads and to use the record mode. Good customer service! Robert is quick to response to query. 5 STARS.
The Best Apps in Life are Free
The Best Apps in Life are Free
Keep up the great work! Every update has helped and I appreciate it. Thanks!
swann dvr 2600  Please
I have been recreating this same app but only for my specific cameras. This app made all that work useless. It has everything and was so easy to set up. The camera performance is wonderful and the various views are perfect for how I want to navigate my video feeds. Using it on my ASUS Transformer TF300 now but downloading it on all my other 5 android devices very shortly.
I can keep an eye on my house with my phone.  You can even move the cam if your cam support it.
Works flawlessly, I can watch my baby with comfort
This was very easy to set up. Punching the hole in the firewall was the hardest part (and that's not the app's job). I like the ability to control multiple cameras and customize the panning. Great job! Thank you!
Thanks for the great app
Received update today and now it won't work anymore.
One of two I have gotten to work! Smooth video nice options Nice app for android Moto  Atrix
Enough said
Good refresh rate, works with no hassle
Wehn I bought Android phone, I thought my IP camera will not work as the software which came with it was in java and was not running in my Android. Then I found this app, very nicely built. When I started the app, it was asking for camera model number etc, I did not know model number, even company name. This app did a wonderful task of scanning my camera and adding it automatically. Kudos to developer, for this great app and that too for free.
Huge number of available camera makes and models, excellent coverage of traffic cams, and the author is very responsive to his customers. The best camera app out there.
Well done. Use it for home security.
Been using as a baby monitor with foscam and its worked with few incidents.
Enter the basic info like model and everything works great!
Works perfect on my Nook Color running CM9
So good I got pro just to support
Made a webcam for the birdbox then struggled to find a decent viewer on my XOOM and desire till I got this app. Its easy to get working, allows me to record and hear sound and the picture quality is good. It also closes automatically when i change focus or turn device off to save power and bandwidth.   Well worth the upgrade to full license :-)
Good job back to 10 stars
Rare features like full brightness in viewers, application password , pinch to zoom and great customer support.
This the only app that I have found that supports the GE Digital II DVR. Works great. Robert, you are the man.
Worth every penny. Regular updates, v quick fixes, .. kudos to you, Rob!
Robert updates his application frequently.  I'm. A 100% proud paying customer to his wonderful app. At times, things can go wrong when an update comes but Robert will fix his bugs fast! Thanks!
Working fine now - update problem fixed.  Thanks Rob!
Totally great app! Works great with Samsung galaxy nexus. Works so well I got the pro version!
excellent!!
Working now, thanks . Great App..
working again after uninstall n reinstall.... thks very much!!!!
I've had this for about 6 months now, it's excellent, I can access the camera from anywhere in the world, I use it to monitor my marine fishtank and it's temperature,  which saves family having to check up regular when I'm away. Keep the updates coming,  thanks
App no longer works after last update.
Does what it says. Recommended for baby monitoring.
Very accurate and up to date traffic cams!! Very good on this app!
Great app works perfectly. More FPS than before.
Great app. Does what it says it does. Works well with galaxy tab 7.7.
superb......
Great App! Works great on a G2 phone.  I wish they would make an app for an Ipad...
Does all it needs todo. Nice gui :-)
Works great
Buy pro!
Bought the full version
Bought the full version
Bought the full version
Looking for an applicayion for my security cameras  This is great does exactly what i was looking for and more
Love the app. Works on my linksys cam. Installed on galaxy s 2!
Simple n easy to setup. Using it wit Foscam ip camera.
I love this apps very much since use I it for the first time :)  Thanks
Osom macho gajab camera
Downloaded a few camera monitor, they didn't work.this work perfect.
I'm loving it
Connects easily and works great over the internet
Works great with my ycam
App ever!
Awsome first app i ever bought and the best i ever bought!!!
simple setup. robs app kicks with little hassle. preset skins would be great!
Works perfectly on Xoom.  100% pan and zoom functionality.  Great app if you need active controls for the camera.
It took me awhile to get it working I use 4ch Zmodo system and it wouldnt work at first it kept saying camera feed not available, so here is what I found:    1. First you must make sure port forwarding is setup in you router.    2. My 4Ch Zmodo was not listed as one of the options so I used the next model I use a 9104V.      so I chose the 9106 as the system of choice in the setup options and Bazinga it workes great      will probably need to set up each camera as tht is what I had to do.  .  3. I have tried several different cam viewers and this is the only one I could get to work. And it does      work great. The free version does have ads but they are not really a bother.      Conclusion: This is a 5 star rating.
Smooth connectivity
It works great on ipcamera, nuuo nvr. Waiting for the mpeg4 or h.264 compression.
this Basic ver. works for me ---- but not the Lite ver.
Excellent!!!
Works well
Good. A litle problem with audio in and out - bad quality. Maby is tha camera problem.
Best app.. does what it says it does. Keep up the great work...
For the traffic cams alone, all the other features are a huge bonus.
Why keep changing the ZM query?
Good love it anyone helps when i drive good to see the road so i know if The traffic is slow or fast or if there is a rack
Actually, the only app out of 10 tested to work with my Foscam cameras flawlessly :-)
Tnx.
Tnx.
Allows you to monitor private cams, and many street cams in all 50 states.  And this thing is free!  It does have ads
Use it with my cams at home.
Great app!  Developer with passion !!   App with great functions!
I use this app with a total of 8 wireless ip cameras. 5 at my business for security purpose and 3 at my house for same reason. I can't believe how great it works. To get best usage add password and download a ccleaner app. It allows you to clear cache from cameras.
Thanks!
Sweet app! Does what its supposed to do! I get to keep an eye on my home. Love it!
Excellent for free! Droid razor
Work in my avtech dvr,thanks....
Works with foscam
Works perfectly with my Q-see system. Great interface and features!
Using Swann dvr and works great, easy to configure and use. Better than Swann's app
I have 6 Dlink cameras / 8 Panasonic Cameras took 10 minutes to get configured no problem. Video looks great and camera control works perfectly, more than 6 cameras and you need the pro version though!
Great app!... First time I am able to browse all my cams from a single place!... Easy to configure, lots of supported devices... just great!
Oops, Disregard my last Comment. It works great. My mistake
Very well written software...!!!
The app is excellent and the developer shows great support (clearly cares for app)....
Works perfectly with my Foscam pan+tilt cam
Works perfectly with my Foscam pan+tilt cam
Works perfectly with my Foscam pan+tilt cam
View camera
View camera
g ood ...
g ood ...
Don't battle with the Swannview App,  buy this: it actually works!
Don't battle with the Swannview App,  buy this: it actually works!
You can't get much better. I'm looking at all 4 cams.
With foscam,outstanding. With lorex, don't have latest models
With foscam,outstanding. With lorex, don't have latest models
Works like a charm
Works like a charm
Best. App. Ever. Works perfectly with FOSCAM 8918W.
zmodo dvr works on android phone but wont connect with google tv app
Wonderful app works great with my linksys
Only con...no sound without the paid edition!   Works great!!   No issues!
Only con...no sound without the paid edition!   Works great!!   No issues!
Better than the panosonic software that came with the camera. The garage door feature is great. Can't wait for the motion record feature. Thanks
Does what I need with no problems, quickly! Best cam app I've tried! Nexus S
Due to my work (security technician) i must view and test several DVRs and IP Cams. I've tried it with identivision and VideoSec DVRs and works well.
Great app, easy interface, and works with all my ipcams (wvc200, wvc210 and foscam)!
Running 14 Panasonic Wireless Cameras.  2 way conversation, quick loading, very pleased.
Fab software. Running mix of Sony, Foscam and other. Paid for software and running 8 cameras. Voice and remote switch working fine. Many Thanks
Best app butt. Needs longer time out time especially over 3g
Cant control many of the smaller settings for the foscam but can view feed and pan/tilt
Very well built app, fast and intuitive.
Very well built app, fast and intuitive.
This app works very well. It is not very hard to setup, and when I needed help the developer was very quick to respond. I was/am very pleased.
Very fast. Supports a lot of cams and advance features. Nice!
Super! Worked with my DVR smoothly.
This works perfect. I couldn't view my camera from the internet but with this I can. I tried other programs and nothing. The basic version works fine
Works very good galaxy s2
Great software. Huge compatibility list too.
Great application!!  Has worked on every camera and Dvr I have tried or the writer came up with a solution.
Check home, office. ..anywhere!!
Really works great. Easy to configure. Many options to make it work for your setup. (foscam)
lots of drivers.  responsive developer.  ideal for ip cams.  a little clunky for use with dvr's.
Excellent - MJPEG support that's lacking in browser.
Excellent software, works great with Foscam FI8918W and traffic cameras in my area.
Love all the options and the great widget! :-)
OK now thanks for prompt action
Thanks
Love this program and the widgets
Why would people rate this one star after one failed update?  Mine isn't working either but i know the dev will fix the problem.  I have the paid ver.
Why would people rate this one star after one failed update?  Mine isn't working either but i know the dev will fix the problem.  I have the paid ver.
Cannot open after latest update.  Never any problems before so I am sure you will fix it quickly.
Supports a crap load of cameras!  I have had this app for 2 years and never fails, support is always excelent with bugs and has worked 3 phones
Grrrrreat app. Works like a charm.
Grrrrreat app. Works like a charm.
Would not connect to Compro IP50, no matter how hard I tried it just came up with unable to connect. Interface is average also.
Works great inside wlan and from internet, perfect aplication!
Works great inside wlan and from internet, perfect aplication!
Better control than my windows camera software
Love it
Love it
Need to add ability to install upgrade key from inside application.
Need to add ability to install upgrade key from inside application.
WVC80N/FIOS/Epic 4G Touch. Once configured outside the app, which is always a pain, everything worked like a charm. Will upgrade soon!
This app is awesome!! Works great with my q-see home surveillance system. Easy to set up and mange. ++++
The mobile port was key in setting up viewing for a Q-See networked DVR w/ 4 Q-See cams on my Moto Defy. Used dyndns. No stretch distortion! Exclnt!
I have the LITE version on my phone and it used to update all the time, but now I only see BASIC on the Market and not the Lite Version. What are teh differences and what happened to the other version?
I tried a couple of others, but this thing is just perfect. Real-time viewing. Perfect control from phone. UI so simple you don't need instructions. It was FAR easier to set up than the camera! Has every feature I could want. Will definitely buy PRO when I get a second camera.
I tried a couple of others, but this thing is just perfect. Real-time viewing. Perfect control from phone. UI so simple you don't need instructions. It was FAR easier to set up than the camera! Has every feature I could want. Will definitely buy PRO when I get a second camera.
One of my favorite apps.
If you have a camera you need this.
Better than the app that came with my system.
Very nice, easy to install (if you know a little about networking)
EZ!!!!!
Works like a charm with my two Foscam cameras
Installed this on X10 mini. Perfect. thanks
Installed this on X10 mini. Perfect. thanks
Installed this on X10 mini. Perfect. thanks
