Mahol
,hjk
Force closing on galaxy s2
ZTE BLADE-en lassu, fagyaszt, es a rootolas + link2sd ellenere is kb. 20 megat zabalt a belso memobol. Minit erdemes hasznalni. Galaxy Tab: hianyzik a betumeret allitas. Maxton ajanlott helyette.
Tried at least ten times, but unable to download it on my htc desire..it shows 100% then throws a unsuccessful error. Development team please check.
Worked gud earlier  Now does not connect
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
The slowest browser i have eva used.. Do not download!!
The former google view was good..
Itz nt working on my cell. Plz do something..
DELETED mostly due to privacy concerns. I suspect Opera is spyware and malware.
now a days whenever i use this software. after few minute my phone automatically vibrates and shut all the application.
I have been using opera back from the java and symbian phone days butThe thing is that there are fast browsers out there with flash gestures and voice command but opera doesn't support flash but iwould. Like u guys to update this to it
Nt
This is my favourite mobile browser and now it wont even open. Please fix. I hate my actual phone browser.
Nice browser, used to use it all the time before the 12.0.4 version, but now it crashes, literally, every other minute.  Sorry, uninstalling.
Opera mini has good speed thn opera mobile
Worst app dudes do not download this it is slow as tortoise ......... Worst browser on android  The bad features are  1.it does not load even it has 3 mobs speed 2.it does not contain nice user inter face
Its not working in saudi.tell me  the resan
This one sucksAy honga noh! Hwehwehwe! Sowee ha! Ung huge amount of cash ko & grocery
Quite slow, very dark, not easy to use, and web page compatibility is horrible.
plz don't download it is slowest in Downloading and i did'nt download a song when song complete 80% download i shows download failed alwayzzz
Very poor
Not working on my log p990 cm9
Pages go white and it becomes unresponsive way too easily. Trashcan
It crashes in my htc explorer.doesnot work
Padhu kevalum
Not bad
No
Bad app because start very late
but stopped working completely since upgrading to jellybean. shame.
after update.. getting worse...some icon crash n cant be use..plz fix n reupdate
Why does this app need to take pictures and video?
Ok
Doesn't work on my Android 2.2. every other opera works. But this one is a no go.
The recent update is not workin on Hcl Me U1 tab... Force closes every time on starting the app.. Blank sreen... Screen Flashes... Plz fix dis..
Still better and much faster than firefox. However, now it crashes all the time when opening more than four tabs.  Please fix
Fudu
Keeps crashing HTC sense on HTC Desire S. Sense will restart everytime after I try to open a URL.
Plz make it work on mips devices
Where Chrome and Internet Explorer fail miserably, Opera succeeds. Moves from mobile sites to desk top version without so much as bat of the eye.
It has troubles when adding or responding to something on Facebook. This issue is, for me, particulary annoying because I  need to retype stuf over and over again before it works. It seems that the issues come from the fact that the first sentence in a reply isn't started with a capital so I need to manually start the sentence with a capital letter and then Opera get's all weird like it has a mind of it's own.
not support android facebook view and can't change font.
Love it!
This is F#*¥x!?   UP!!
Crashes just after start. Fail!
Full of bugs. Keeps freezing all the time. Randomly opens pages on startup. Doesn't close properly.
very good browser
It sucks its worse than the regular browser get dolphin browser
To slow
That is all it does instantly absolute crap
Poor!!!!!!!
Something changed. I don't know what the update was for, but it now closes itself at random while browsing. Samsung Galaxy S3. Uninstalling.
This browser is not good it can't even handle frames right or even do simple sites. Further more it makes my phones battery die faster. Sites come up wrong and pull down menus don't work right. Also typing a URL is horrible it keeps guessing the sites it type wrong. Try harder opera
Crashes on launch for sprint lg optimus
U navigate away from it for 5 seconds and the $&%$ restarts the whole browser cancelling any downloads u have running. Too c**p
Need auto clear private data and history on exit also flash a bit crappier after update
No problems ever
Won't even open keeps foreclosing UNINSTALLED right away.
A very good app
Its gud but doesnt work after 2 or 3 weeks! We have to reinstall it then :/
This used to be awesome. But now all I get is "service is either offline or overloaded please try again later". When is later? Because this went on for months til I finally uninstalled.
Keeps crashing unexpectedly ans when it is  under pressure
This browser gives problem to my phone and its crashing a lot and never worked on 2g network fix all of these
My opera mobile freezes now everytime I open the browser. Opera mini works fine but opera mobile don't. Please fix !
It has become more and more laggy and Im tired of waiting for a fix.
this was my fave browser but now it wont load anything
this was my fave browser but now it wont load anything
Dolphin browser is faster hands down
It is an awesome app....but it still crashes n makes my motorola defy plus restarts everytym. So i m nt gonna use it anymre... if it s fixed den may b i can.
Takes forever to start... Not tht responsive...slow...gud UI n stuff...too bad ..needs work...  Try another browser
Why should the Opera browser be so slow on Galaxy Sch i800? I should give up those few features on Opera and use default one, which run much faster.
This Browser has an coding error, like all other browsers except (Opera Mini), when accessing some web sights.   Response Error.  Technical description: 502 Bad Gateway - Response Error, a bad response was received from another proxy server or the destination origin server.  The code needs to be fixed but looks like its being ignored. This is a Browser Error!
Opera Mobile browser is analogous to a good looking Ferrari but with a Ford Pinto chassis and engine. Very buggy and slow. I like the UI/look and the auto word wrap feature but it doesn't perform well on my Galaxy Note. I'll try it again in 6 months or so. Lots of potential but for now it's crap.
This thing can't import any bookmarks. Even a simple HTML bookmarks file from Firefox can't be imported. And no, I will not use Opera Link and give the marketers all my bookmarks. Basic functionality, like import and export of HTML bookmark files, missing is not acceptable.
Doesn't work well on Galaxy S2. Navigation/menu bar no longer autohides, autohide option is missing from settings. Random crashes. Used to be easily the best Android browser but has been going downhill since version 12 and v12.0.4 is even slower than previous versions. Rolled back to v11.5.3 which seems to be the last decent version.
weast dabha
Why you not fix the freeze and force close issue. Please fix it!!
Wats wrng cannot even seacrh netng  plz fix it
not working with smart 2
Crashes all the time pretty much unusable now since update to bad it used to be the best browser out there although it allways was a little slow loading pages
NOT GOOD for Android 2.2;LG OPTIMUS ME P350(froyo)pecan,Kernel version u3
Thank you so much this app is amazing! So much faster than the original browser!!
the older version is MUCH better..
I have used this app im the past and when i changed my phone it was the 1st app i downloaded.Only that this time it uninstalled itself. Fix that!
Crashes on launch. Htc desire.
Great. HOW COME THE MINI VERSION LOADS PAGES FASTER THAN THIS ONE?
Installed the latest update and now i can't read morning The Guardian website. The page is all screwed up. Very annoying.
This sucks use opera mini or uc
Takes much time to load home page.... Not at all satisfied, previous version was much better.
Won't even open just goes to a white screen then goes into my menu!!!!! :0
Good...!!!
I had opera mobile for a long time, then i updated it then all of a sudden it started crashing. Please have another update fix it !
used to love it..SUCKS now...pages wont load anymore just goes back to bookmarked page.
FORCE CLOSE on CM7! this sucks!! DL TODAY new  version AND closing every minute!! Koje  ĐUBRE od programa... bullshit,crap!
Ya suferfat browser this so good excelent very good
It f***** sucks freezing all the time
Was a very good browser under 2.3.x(Gingerbread). Has major issue With 4.0.4(ICS). The screen gets stuck constant flipping loop on screen, print like it cannot decide landscape or portrait. No other competing browser does this and is faster. Moto Droid X2 CM9(4.0.4) I can only imagine how it runs on jelly bean.
Was awesome, now unusable. Freezing or shutting down constantly.
Slow & cumbersome going back to default browser.
The stock browser is about 30% faster.
after updating.. it is stuck on the white screen "instaling"  and doesnt move.please fix it.
It would probably cruch your touch screen
One huge fatal oversite. NO AUTO-CLEAR for privacy. The fact the dev's make us go clear private data every use is absurd in this era. I am simply dumbfounded.
It won't even open
Beautiful auto text adjustment while zooming with perfect stability, never lags, never force close. Way more stable then dolphin, chrome or any other program   but  no full screen mode!! Five stars if added full screen mode for perfect viewing pleasure!!
Absolutely lousy update!!! Wish I could rollback to the previous version. Before updating, this browser was PERFECT. Everything just "worked". With this update, there are several websites that look awkward, broken flash, unresponsive embedded video, and just so many other host of issues. Updates supposed to be a step forward! This ones 10 steps backwards!!!
Couldn't even open it. Not a memory issue. LG Optimus. Useless. Uninstalled.
Kept crashing
Opera mini is a good browser.does its job .but this opera mobile is too slow.even the stock one is pretty fast
Absolute rubbish since update. Constantly crashes on xperia X8. Why fix what isn't broken ?
always crush! please fix this problem!
very poor speed and does not open windows in time , it is far bad from mini
Every time I do something the browser closes on it's own (not a crash just closes). I'll stick with dolphin. Lg double play and mytouch 4g
Fuckboy
Opera's updates have made both Mobile and Mini less and less stable. Never altogether solid to begin with. Loved it while it worked.
Opera has gone down the drain in recent years, and this only proves it! Opera Mini is even worse than this! What's with Opera and Android? It works perfectly fine on my Symbian and iOS!
Was perfect before. Since updates, it has become frustratingly prone to freezing or closing on its own...
Connectivity issues :(
Ph # no good-no response for help-uninstalled!!! doesn't integrate with device
Good
Earlier versions worked ok, but since the last two updates it just crashes, and often. This makes it unusable and quite frustrating to even use. I would give it zero stars if i could. The search for a decent browser continues ...
It hangs all the time and has horrible permissions; something I'd not like to give to a proprietor closed-source app.
Not compatible on galaxy mini screen!
Dolphin much much better
Sorry for the "must" rate it to be poor.. By reading thru most of the comments, i would like to request Opera Mobile need to be re-do-it for samsung galaxy users... Thank you very nice..
Force close all the time.
Was good till today now can't use.  Was best app and loved it would like to use again
Update is 500 Times worse bye bye opera. Forces close
Awesome
Will not toggle between wifi and mobile without a force close..  I just wish the email address was valid to send bug reports to, which it isn't,unfortunately. Fix for five stars!
When tried to open it kept freezing. If it did run it was so slow I had time to make a cup of tea
What the hell they are doing. So many updates but they can't able to stop creshing it every time
Everything is broken after the latest update,  downloads,  speed,  crashes,  and everything else.  One more chance and then would ditch both desktop and mobile versions. Not acceptable from a reputable developer. As it was stated by others too,  high ratings are given mostly by Indians,  why?
FIX FACEBOOK TO APPEAR AS TOUCH ANDROID VERSION NOT STRIPPED DOWN VERSION FOR NOKIA
Not working ... !?!
Bad
It's take lot of time to open some time not works what happened to it???
very poor not opening facebook and many more
Only update no more functions like other browser
really i want to download thos browser but there is a fault .because i try everyday to get it.. No downloaded yet What's wrong ??
It's very slow , won't let me download anything , it used to be great but now. ..
Used to save data, not anymore even with Opera Turbo on, this app is pointless if this 'Turbo' doesnt work.!! Uses same as default.!! Samsung Galaxy S
Then I realized it won't download ANYTHING.
While I like the features this browser will not stop crashing on Ice cream sandwich, I tried older versions and found video does not work honestly it s like having a beta
This new update blows. Why would you release an update thats non compatible with adobe flash player. How can I revert back to the older opera version? 0 stars
Poooooooooooooooooor appppp.
Too sluggish... uninstalled
Should be illegal for an app to spy through your camera.  Use extreme heavy caution.
Fb crashed almost always. Becoming worst day by day
Taking MY data, which is what my bookmarks are, and refusing to support allowing me to export them to anything other than YOUR software is rotten. You shouldn't even be allowed in the Market until or unless this is fixed.
Not working
This app has too many permissions.  One of which, reading logs, isn't even noted in its official permissions list.
As soon as I uploaded it ever time I opened it it crashed. Didn't even get the program running hahahaha
Frequent sudden abnormal exits.
Couldn't install this update very poor.
I'm try to login some website but it when it finish loading it always comeback to login form. Please fix it
it does not open crpf sites view pay linl
Not working on Saudi Arabia
It's slower than my built in browser very slow don't install waste of time
After installing was signed up for a pay SMS service called event2cell. Be careful downloading and Google get your sh*t tovether and start monitoring apps for spyware and malware!!
it crashes often now a days.
Loved it at first, but it has become unusable....  Crashes constantly!!
So bad...!! This trash app always get FC when i use it anytime!!
Opera mobile is a waste of time to download,it doesn't open at all! What a struggle to get support or help! It crashes every time you try to open app!
Constantly getting "Network Problem" recently on perfectly good wifi or 3g for Google.  Doesn't let you change your default search engine. Defaults to mobile google instead of classic desktop site.  Also doesn't have an option to keep running in the background and takes a while to start up.
No popup option.
Going very slow for me. Still crashing pretty frequently.
good
Facebook is crap compared to other browser's.. won't. Even load some screens just turns white.. and force closes like crazy!
If anything interrupts the program (sometimes cell phones receive phone calls) and Opera closes while you're doing that, that long forum post you were in the middle of is now gone.
When i open facebook it crash and not respond. Please fix the problem...
Keeps force closing
Flash not working
This is faster,better than ever it is better than maxthon,firefox and d rest of them must get
i wish i could give zero star...crashes every single time since last update..
I can't install it !
My screen flashes while browsing every second in my HTC one v please sort out the problem
Seriously?
Last update messed it up. Many crashes and pathetic flash rendering. Reinstalling did not help. Uninstalling it.
It is not working
It wont load properly, each time I start it up and try a link it closes, tried 10-15 times in last few mins evan rebooted phone but still closes time after time, would give no stars but minimum I can give is 1 sort it out devs
Last time i using FB in opera mini very fast,now is very slow...give 1 star only...so poor....
This browser sucks, it has that ugly bar on the bottom which cannot be removed, which in turn makes the screen smaller.
It dissent protect you from going to a harmful site
Problem loading page!  Uninstalled!
This browser used to be my favorite mobile browser but ever since I updated it last May it has been utter garbage. I've been waiting for almost three months for an update that would fix the constant crashes but at this point I'm tired of waiting for this garbage to get fixed. I'll just start using Firefox.
Everytime i update it it crashes and then i hv to reinstall it and all my dats is lost. I hate it.
Forgot to offer a 'SAVE OUR LENGTHY TEXT DOCUMENT OF  DIRECTIONS OPTION'. Buzz!! Installed, but will not use until I get an update to save all the text you downloaded me with the app..
It is unable to save some pages.....
I had this on my phone before. Did another install now getting forced closed errors. Was working fine until I got an update. Wish it was working. I don't like the default browser which sux.
Its faster than my original web browser
Some websites look realy fugly in this browser when they look alot better in other browsers. Everything else is great about the browser but whats the point if browsing is still an unpleasent expireience .
Slow
it is very sorry to say that this software is very poor. it is not working in my galaxy y previous version is better, I loved it and I missed it!!
Update is horrible! Freezes
Recent update crashes problem
Ummm what's wrong with this app I mean everytime I go web searching it keep saying "sorry link is not connected" <<something like but when another web browser it work
version 12 is still broken on kyocera echo. Opera has ignored this for over 2 months.
Force close. What's wrong???
this browser gets worse with each update. wtf?? shouldnt it be getting  better? what are these devs doing?
Mine wont even let me  open it before it crashes. It needs to be fixed.
Used to work....0 stars now...really disappointing
What the hell u doing there opera team ... In my one v it's just lacking and giveing lines :'(
It Freezes completely on my Cube U9GT2 on ICS 4.0.4...
Cuts off half of screen when in portrait mode. Asus Transformer Infinity
upset:(
After last update some horizontal lines appears on screen. Seems the problem with memory management. After switch to home screen and then back to app, there is nothing readable on screen - it is full of thal lines.
This new update sucks..!!
I can't count how many times I have cursed at a spontaneous crash.
I've had enough. I love yhe deaktop version but this freezes and crashes far too much for me to use it(often also losing the tabs i had open). Off to dolphin.
After update does not work that well anymore...
You can't even do a javascript countdown. BULLSHIT
Galaxy s on ics 4.0.3...  crash after 1 minute usage
Very slow browser !!! Gets automatically killed by system !!!!
Terrible!
Jhan2..
Would be the best browser out there if it were stable. Frankly it  sucks. It crashes for no reason at all whilst viewing simple text n pic pages. Flash stability is greatly I'll.proved however.
i'm not gonna change my rating cz my opera crashed all time when i open a website
after recent updates gives error "protocol is not supported" on some sites..before updates they worked fine
Doesn't show up in my recent apps list when opened through another app. Please fix.
Can't even get it to run once, previous versions worked fine.
recent update creates problems with flash, poor rendering & jerky playback, totally unwatchable in this update. Was a good browser but is now broken.
It always crashes! This used to be a very good browser! Grrrr. Using galaxy tab running hc
Excellent browser but sometimes is freezing and i need to press home...
Excelent
Update made opera super slow to start.
FAK SHHIT AFTER EVERY UPDATE I CANT OPEN SO I HAVE TO UNINSTALL FAK U OPERA
Worst app ever! I tried it for 2 days got so annoyed I deleted it, installed the older one. I had system overload errors constantly. They must not of tested this before release don't do it.
このバージョンになってから画面が乱れます.旧バージョンに戻したい。
Good
bodo lambat download.kalau boleh aku beri 0 bintang
It's simply not acceptable that there is no setting to disable the camera and microphone.
Until now it crashes when phone is running out of memory during multitabbing. And still has no better way in switching tabs..please fix this.
Not good
This would be a great browser but it dosn't render pages correctly. When you go and read an email and come back it dosn't reload correctly
its awesum in crashing if u want to flash or likes to hard reset your mobile its an better app for all that user####'
Awesome awesome app for internet browsing.
Automatically crashed closed when downloading 4files 195mb each with fast 3G connection
This browser is crap, for 13 + megabytes this browser is a joke, gotta be the slowest browser around, opera sort this out!
Sucks
Go back to previous page is messed up now. Jumps 2 pages bak instead of 1. Why update something that worked fine?
Downloding should not stop when screen is off. Please fix this problem
This was the best browser before.now,ut just crashes all the time!waited about a month for it to get fixed but no luck..HTC ONE X
The previous versions were more stable than this one, this one keeps crashing every time I open it.  Update: this version is even worse wtf opera you can't seem to get it right for gods sake
Does not work.
A volte lento, a volte non carica
Ok
Still nowhere near as buttery smooth as the other two Opera browsers. Deleted within two minutes.
Downloading on 4G still acts like its downloading 2G. Get dolphin browser HD.
Opera was a great browser but now since I went on to resurrection remix room on ICS 4.0.4 it crashes and freezes frequently. Especially when tasked with multiple tabs. I hope the developers get on to improving ics compatibility
I am a big opera fan on desktop but this piece of software is so u stable it's untrue. Most popular pages won't even open without crashing the whole browser taking all opened tabs and history with them. Also the sync with across my opera account is quite rubbish.
Good
Force close Or freeze when playing Movie on web.  ex: YouTube desktop site.  Please investigate. Samsung w.
This version closes as soon as it opens. Can't surf. Galaxy S3.
This is the best mobile browser for me for the past months, but now, it frequently crashes that it's almost unusable. I hope I could just revert to a more stable release. Please fix urgently.
Sooo poor
Constantly crashes on my HTC sensation since latest update
Very bad
decided to try this browser again after a few updates (which claim to have made "crash and stability fixes"), browser STILL crashes at the slightest provocation. Opera devs, your browser is bad and you should feel bad.
Big Mistak in indian punjabi Language........
Downloading is slow even though net speed is fast...
When will there be stable downloads??? It's sometimes just 90% and bang unsusseccful n download start again. When the screen is of it close down..! No notification icon for downloads???
Its pretty heavy app. It drains out the battery & too heavy on CPU to use too much of RAM as well. Should me made little light on battery.
Never loads pages completely it sometimes loads 90% of te page with parts lacking and sometimes 12% and it quits.
It's the worst program ever
Boo!
downloads stop as you open a site, or after 2 mins.
Keep white screen appears
Used to love opera for android, but recent versions crash so much the browser is barely usable.
Super slow and crashes all the time
Cant connect.  Good thing its free .
Its' crashing allmost all the time.(still crashing after ur first crash update) I have uninstaled it, couldn't stand it anymore
Fast but After the last update its practically unusable as a primary browser now :(
its not workin
Best
Kant
Not suport in karbonn a1
Good
Keep it simple stupid. Forward, backward, stop, bookmarks, addres bar and search. No graphics.
Installed this because Chrome was so unreliable - unfortunately this reminds me of something from the 1980s - i.e. crap!
Every time force closes
Worst app ever. Dont install. Waste of time and memory
Use it for years..y it always keep on fc now..hop u fix it..s3
Browsing is fast in 2g downloading is slow in both 2g and 3g use it for only browsing it is not suitable fo downloadin files
Was great until last updates. Now it is buggy - feezing, suddenly exiting.
Just uninstalled after last update. Impissible to enter address, hung on start.... No more for me
Used to be great but now it does not work. They need to fix it asap!!
close connection error on most sites. even there own.  I hunted around for a solution and couldn't find one. and to be honest I shouldn't have to hunt around on the Internet
automatically forces close when i try getting in the app ughhhhh!!!! :/
Huge download and doesn't even open on my HTC desire
Very bad browser
crashes a lot! fix it please
This app used to be great, best browser for android, but after downloading newest version force quits constantly. Yes I'm running custom software CM9, but have used previous versions on multiple software's for the past year an no problems until now. Until this is changed, im gone...
After update crashes so much u cant even browse
It will not go to website I enter, instead it diverts it to a mobile app instead of the main web sight that I want.
Just before the updates came after 5/2012 it was just perfect fast and smooth … After the updates after 5/2012 just came very unstable Force closes and Makes My SD Card removed unexpectedly on My HTC Explorer..  very bad app would give u five stars if u fix that
Superb
Do not update this browser, this is just terrible from someone who once produced such greatness. It crashes, force closes, slow and unstable. Will never use again....I would recommend dolphin HD.
Does ny1 knw how to enable bit map font in OPERA MOBILE? i cant enable it by typing OPERA:CONFIG..Enabling Bitmap font is possible in opera mini... Pls help me out :'(
I like
There hasn't been an update in ages. Opera is still buggy, jerky and slow on Android. Sticking with Boat Browser for good this time.
Easy to use. Plus, downloading is faster than other browsers.
'Received a invalid response'
Some problems loading pages. A bit slow. Over time the browser has slowed. Some pages also don't load as they should.
Testing some games that played well on other browsers. Looked careful and no anti aliasing when using kufon.
Despite mentioning in their release notes that they have fixed crash issues, this browser crashes so often you feel like throwing away your precious android. I have no idea what has gotten into the opera team for they have constantly failed to solve this problem. I'm beginning to hate opera.
Poor service, and crashes all the time i m just fedup with it....
Keeps downloading stuff all the time
Not a good browser
Every update is a killing this app slowly.. This was my favorite
Not so fast.Not many apps like in android market
coooool
It"s just not working. Its freezing and crashing after 15-20 sec after launch.
Worse then default browser. Piece of crap
Broken:   Flash Name resolution  Data transfers  On ICS 4.0.4
Still slowly....
I did not have any trouble with my opera before. The last update says they have fixed crash and stability issue. For me, it's otherwise. Now it always crash.
The browser used to be fast and worked well. Now it can't play flash video properly (skips frames), closes all the time, and won't run 2 tabs for less than 160mb of ram. Junk!
doesnt open...please fix
On my previous phone this was my favorite web browser. When I downloaded the new version on my new phone, login info isn't being saved, my favorite websites aren't displaying properly, the app crashes and my saved pages don't save.. they get saved as the crash page
Its a good browser I mean its soooooooooooo cool thank you opera software asa
Frends download it its amazing
Continuously crashing...extremely poor rendering...disappointed to see the devs not conuring a simple fox yet! :(
used to be good when it is version11
Wth hell happened... this used to be amazing ...now it only force closes
Nothing but problems. Slow and hard to use. Go with dolphin. Opera really sucks...
Tried to watch a video it take long time to load and I only see part by part 20mins apart no lie
This is a useful app to have and works better than Opera Mini but could do with a UI improvements and to the flash player.   Update: Was working fine until recently where it randomly fails to load at all
Not good for phones with very little memmory
Delay in all actions @@
v3Ry n0T 96uD @Pp
Crash crash crash crash. Used to complain about an occasional crash...now it can't even be used.. Wow.. huge disapointment
Random crashes. Took forever to load. Each successive upgrade was worse and worse.  Finally took the advice to switch to the other browser mentioned in one of the reviews below and removed Opera.  Really too bad because I really fell in love with it in the beginning.
This is the beat way of experince in web surfing through android client, good job, but some lags and crashes have, but itz ok
Its my fav. But about downloading this browser lags as compared to uc browser. Downloading speed is quit good. I like you opera:-)
half my SD card was filled with Opeta cache. Design for mobile! Sheesh... Uninstalled for massive cruft.
Hiiiiii
Keeps crashing and closed by itself
Its comes back when i minimise this plz solve my problem
it's only dam use uc browser
Used to love this browser but it's slow and laggy right after updating it
Used to love this browser but it's slow and laggy right after updating it
Ever since the last update it closes after the logo
Tik tok
Used to be the best browser on the market! But after the update to v 12.0 it's working slower. I went back to version 11.5.5 wich is very stable and fast and maybe i will update on a stable release. Motorola defy
Good for me
Still need to improve like uc browser..there need of night mode option	Force closes frequently
When u minimize it ...it reloads all from the start ...u cannot multitask with this browser..plz fix ...
Doesnt work at all. HTC Desire.
Ive used opera long enough to know this version sucks.. Crash after crash after crash while simply btowsin.. Pathetic..
Never found such efficient and fast browser...must try this if you are using any other.
Uninstalled...crashes on opening multiple tabs
Unexpectedly its crashing several times! And sometimes remains hanged!! Else working quality is fine.
Opera
Used to be my favourite now is junk keeps crashing
I dont know but not facing any sorta problem till now Xperia Neo V... rom - JJ Hybrid Mode 3.2
Sucks all time. Don't download this update
WTF, always crash loading 2 heavy pages!!! Uninstall
Crash........ For Samsung galaxy fit
I used to use this as default browser, then I took a slow loading on my phone. And full of FC
Choices of the selections that I made ~ enabled. However I review online news video in CBS news or CTV news in Canada, that browser still shown the "click to Play" sign to continue each video feed. Why? The enabled selection, does it advanced the browser by pass the "Click to play"the decision making?
Opera is good only for java phones
Doent work on my galaxy ace !!opera mini is far good then this trash !!
it sucks alot
I hate this update.
why this tells pakage data is not signed correctly
Trololololololololololololololololololololol
its not able to download big file.dissapointing.
Doesn't even open when clicked...first blank screen then exits back to main homescreen HTC legend
Force close even before opening.. fix it plz
Slow at random times.  Forces page refresh if changed to another app.  Tried various options with no luck which is unfortunate.  Uninstalled it...
Terrible...
Force close :|
Thisss appp suckszx :0 banana poop >;0
To put it simply the best I have ever used, so much better than stock! And for me much better than dolphin which just has useless iritating features!! This is a simple, fast web browser!  EDIT:: changed to one star because simply most of the time now it never works.... Pages dont load and with other browsers they do...
It crashes when ever i search something with Google, please rectify it.
I've recent problem to this opera. It won't load picture.. It's just blank white with 'image' writing on the upper left corner. Fix this. Thanks
It sucks
Its too dull.
This app is very bad as it has no network fix.When i change my sim it naver run.Always pages are not responding. So dont install it.Beside use uc brouser is most better than it.
Suuuuuck
I won't provide a better rating until Opera decides to either fix an option for backing up the bookmarks without having to run it on a PC or other device, OR, fix the annoying FC on start if you happen to back it up using titanium backup and restore data. Other than that which bugs me a _lot_ I am happy with the layout and user interface.
gand
The latest version does NOT work with the BBC iPlayer. The combination of the two seems to think I am overseas and not in the UK. The previous versions used to work fine but nit the latest
Yuck
Does not allow changing the browser language to anything other than the phones language.
it suckz
Waste of time
This thing has 0 opions
Bug in advan t2ci
Pages take an utter age to load. And I've got a 17meg throughput
Touch screen isn't working properly in case of LG OPTIMUS BLACK
Now doesn't even get far  enough to force close, just white screen for a split second then my desktop again. Lg optimus s running android 2.2.2
It's ok just sometime it goes slow and act slow. Other than that its a 5 star(:
problems with flash player for youtube, crashes very often, doesnt trigger the soft keyboard at the first click, very unreliable 1 star until the fixes
I tried to figure out how to copy web page text, even sent them email which auto replied sending me to support page where I found nothing, Unfortunate because liked Brower itself, gave low rating because wasted significant amount of time trying to find a basic function for my android phone touch screen phone.
Can't even read manga I hate this sucks
Nice
O%
Stuck
Quite often never goes to the web address I type in. Crashed constantly. there  are better browsers out there
Opera keeps closing by itself & eats toooo much memory on my SE Xperia neo V...pliiiiiizzzz!!!! fix this problem asap... I'll give 5 stars for sure if you guys fix this problem..........
I don't understand what the f*** is wrong with your download manager if i download more than two files then after sometime the download automatically fail this is one hell of a f***ing browser and I just don't understand why the hell does it occupy 13mb of space nonsense and when are you going to add flash  come on its already 2012 for all these reasons I am taking away this CRAP!!!out of my phone if anyone wanted to download this browser then do it only if you don't care about flash and downloads
Used to be the best, now way 5too many freezes and fc. Ics, asus transformer
Very bad
Lots of FCs. Not a single day goes by when Opera doesn't crash on opening xda developers.
It was great until a update ago it just freezes and sometimes just kicks you out sometikes just wont go in!! Please fix!
Won't open on my HTC desire! Not good enough for this standard of phone.
No private browsing mode. Uninstall
In these days its showing problem not opening lot site sime time its stop opening all site all shows same error from last update i got this problem
Good but sometime lagging
Up until a little while ago it was great. Now it is practically unusable.  Constantly crashes on both my tablets. Some websites won't load at all and many are slooowwwww. Opera team:  PLEASE FIX!
Force close problem everytime...
I dont want mobile youtube, it dont work! Put mobile youtube on mini web browsers!
Force closed everytime I opened it xperia play
FIX HOW IT SHOWS FACEBOOK OR I WILL NOT KEEP IT. DELETING NOW! FIX AND ILL RE DOWNLOAD.  TILL THEN BYE
Still it is working better but sometimes got freezing and force stop
It force stopps when I use it and when I uninstalled and reinstalled it, the app didn't even open.I tried that 4 times.
Dowloaded on my tablt in hopes of it working better than the built in browser. Same pages that would not open or came up broken in built in browser worked exactly the same with opera browser. I uninstalled it will continue to spend the extra time to boot up and use my PC for web browsing.
Iam unable to open facebook from opera mobile pls do fix this problem
Recently started getting pop-ups redirecting me to "mobigifts..." The only browser on my phone to do that. Apparently a common problem, been around for a while. So, if they can't be bothered to fix it, it can't be installed.
Bulky icons.very childish.
Slow
Does not alow to download and save images (functionality foes not work). Therefore, useless.
It's extremely fast when it works. But it's broken right now. Flash doesn't work even though it's enabled. Rezound on stock ICS.
Fattu app
Always crashed when using with the latest Adobe Flash 11.1. Not sure which one's the cause, Opera or Flash or ICS. But it worked fine with stock browser.
Last updates ruined this browser, it has become complete trash. 70% of the time sites load completely broken and unreadable. Uninstalling, and so should the rest of you. Going back go my original browser.
Impossible, slow. Often breaks after updates instead of working perfectly. Desktop features, better compact mobile&tablet render, repair backup much needed for tablets.
Crap slow rendering
Always crashes on. Sony xperia neo v plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz give update to solve this
R
Nothing better.
Galaxy tab 2 10.1 Opera is very slow and crash very often.
Keeps falling over, had its chance and plenty of other browsers out there
This AND Opera Mini would be great (except they should support flash & don't) IF THEY DIDN'T CRASH! Honestly I thought Opera would be amazing on Android but all it does is crash when you're in the middle of something. It can't handle it's own multiple Tabs. Sometimes it tells you it's Force Closing, more often it shuts off & you lose your tabs. I don't get it. Opera was great until a few months back! My browser of choice. What happened?????? Change it back if you can't fix it Opera & let us DL old versions!
Verryyyy slow
older much better. newest make me harder to switch tab. bring back notification in downside!
This app doesn't even open, it crashes first thing when tapped.
Nice...........
Random crashes
Page keeps jumping up and down (about 10px) Sony Xperia U
From ***** stars then become * star, cause at the most important moment when I was going to submit my "long" opinion in a forum, this app suddenly freeze and crash, and now I must type it one by one again(like idiot) and make me lost my temper to toss my best phone and continue my discussion, cause the real problem is this app, not my phone, THANKS...!!
Every time, no matter what site always says "forbidden". So i uninstalled it, then reinstalled it guess what i was once again forbidden. This time I'm uninstalling and its staying that way.
Galaxy s2 overheats especially  when playing  flash video and when it reaches 41 degrees it crashes or doesn't respond at all.This started about a month ago!!!!
i cant downlowd this app
This web browser sucks. Very slow. always doesn't find a web page the first time around. Waste of space. Wouldn't advise any1 to download it. Seriously dissappointed
while surfing it crashes like anything...kindly fix the issue
Since that last update, I can't play flash on my phone anymore. Please fix it
its a qud app but it suks in facebook no bueno
that is so fast.good work
geez. its always crashing. i always force to close it coz i don't have a choice. please fix this as soon as posible. tnx
Why would a browser will need camera access like every little stupid program wants to access the camera to take pictures and video.please take out whatever brilliant feature you are implementing to take picture
Stupid app. Image not upload. View page directly problem.opera mini is better
Used to be fast and load flash videos well, now lags,  force closes and cannot play flash. This browser has gone from being awesome to awful
If you're looking for a comfortable web browser - look elsewhere. Tiny-tiny address bar, microscopic control buttons, unintuitive tab management - everything screaming about failure.
Keep crashing please help
This app is garbage. I have uninstalled n  reinstalled like 20 times. Keeps foreclosing and takes forever to load. Its fast but too aggraving
Stupid application needs serious fix
the latest update is crashing my dd-wrt routers. i'd have occasional drop outs while general browsing, but if i access my routers settings directly the routers will crash every time. no problems using windows ie9-chrom-ff, android browser, chrome, ios safari. only android and opera mobile. on android 2.3.2, 3.2, 4.0.3. restored to 11.5.5 and everything's fine. tried 12 again and crashed routers. so back to 11.5. better performance anyways. also can't stand the annoying new habit of how tabs close.
Eat my ram and sometime not responding Fix it
Put my phone to sleep with browser open come back and phone is frozen. Can only turn off. Causes phone to reboot while surfing. Doesnt reboot any other time. Not efficient with memory
Phone crashes everytime I open 3 tabs. Samsung Galaxy Ace
how to use opera without wifi answer pls.
My favourite browser of all time!
Forceclosed as soon as i opened it. Switching back to dolphin
cannot open half the links from navigation menus, same sites open perfectly well in other browsers
It takes so much of time to load the page
Fast nd fast
I can't even get it to open after installing.
It's perfect web browser....
Can't even get it to run after installing.
Is it just mine or does it for everypage become formatted by Google if it is just me how do you fix it and if its not could you please update and give me a choice whether i want it formatted by google or not as i find it annoying clicking the link at the bottom of each page to view the direct page.
Pages will not open a new tabs, Pages often load very slowly, Pinch zoom doesn't always work. Not a fan of dolphin but it works better than opera.
Does not work at all crashes before it starts.
Hangs at the splash screen in perma-load mode.
This app was my favorite browser but I am sick of getting errors so I have to uninstall it
Very bad
With this latest update [12.0.3] that purportedly fixes stability issues, it is now neck-and-neck with Voice for being the Force-Close-iest app on my Fascinate. It hosed all my bookmarks, too, with one of the crashes.
With this latest update [12.0.3] that purportedly fixes stability issues, it is now neck-and-neck with Voice for being the Force-Close-iest app on my Fascinate. It hosed all my bookmarks, too, with one of the crashes.
its not working on my galaxy y
WEB FORUMS CAUSE THE BROWSER TO CRASH. NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS BEFORE, WTF OPERA. USED TO LOVE THIS BROWSER, GREAT FEATURES, USED TO WORK BEAUTIFULLY, BUT I AM ONE MORE CRASH AWAY FROM UNINSTALLING. THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR MONTHS NOW. OPERA, PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!!
vadddi vaali a
On LG Optimus V the browser closes immediately when trying to launch it.  No error messages; just a blank white screen that appears for half a second.
It still keeps crashing everytime I visit a webpage... Please fix...
Loading is very slow and new tab is overlapping with existing content until its fully loaded...plz fix asap :-(
Best  Mobile browser ever... Until last update... Now it goes down quicker than a two dollar hooker at a prison rodeo...please fix this quickly before I have to go to dolphin
It works amazingly on my HTC Wildfire....! Great app for mobile nd Pc both always...! But plz improve your download option in this beautiful app... Some times its cancelled due to Network... Plz fixed this problem like dolphin web browse... Plz... Nd thankx for this nice app...
The past few updates is giving me problems. Seems like even the new updated opera still crashes especially when multiple tabs are opened. Please fix this!!!!
The stock browser handles many webpages such as Facebook, whereas this one crashes for my evo 3d and messes with its operation.
super
You have to press the return key several times to exit. Pressing the exit button constantly asks are you sure. Many web sites messages areas at the bottom of pages are not even rendered. This is cr@p people. Going back to Boat Mini.. Uninstalling this garbage....
Great job...this was my favourite browser few updates ago...now.i just hate it.refuses to connect.keeps on crashing.if it works.fine,after closing the app, sense crashes. cant open web pages properly..uninstalling this crap.
Keeps foreclosing
I have a LG Optimus One. Everytime I attempt to open it it goes white and automatically exits. Uninstall.
Used to be the best. Now it force closes constantly. Utterly useless now.
I don't like the "it can read personal sensitive data"
When i open third tab it stop working and close
nice for every one
Download from hotfiles only 90% and error,and many others
Force closing.. :'(:'(:'(:'(
Error
Highly dispointed with download. Everytim its gave me error authentication failed even with a proper network. I had to uninstalled.
I was wondering if any if these browsers were better than Dolphin. The answer is NO. Flash won't enable. No settings to clear history on exit. Not very useful and not that fast. UNINSTALLED.
it crashes a lot. slow, clunky
Firstly, when I open the app it says force close the first time I press on it. Then when I go on Facebook, its a horrible web page design, the font are all different sizes which makes it look bulky. And when I try turn 'Turbo' on it slows down the speed. Uninstall!
Wtf! Its new update is not opning .. force closes everytime..uninstalled
This was the best mobile browser but over the past couple of updates and especially after the last two I can't bear using it anymore. It freezes and force closes constantly it s more than just a pain. I never liked firefox mobile but now I use it along dolphin(which is good) because they are both consistently stable. I uninstalled opera right before this review.
Nice
i have installed this app two days back. but it failed to open.
Awsm and  much better than opera mini
When u minimize it..it get closed and also downloading gets failed..
When u minimize it..it get closed and also downloading gets failed..
Great browser!!! Really fast!!! Luv it!!!
Just installed the lhe latest version and it immediately crashes upon launch.
require minimize button..so plz update as soon as possible.....
Cannot use anymore
Great browser,  but the latest update wants to collect my urls and bookmarks?  Too intrusive.
Crashes a lot . Please fix the problem .ASAP.
Page takes decades to load !.. please fix !
Poor browser. It crash, then my phone hang. Slow please fix that.
good browser for Vodafone
sala bich bich me stop ho jata hai bar bar 2.5mb se restart hota hai
It crashes frequently and can be agonizingly slow at times. The only reason I keep it is that it is the only browser that I can get text reflow to work on stock epic 4g touch and tab 2, both with ics.
Great at first. Smooth and quick. But after a month.... started to close itself down while loading my bookmarks. Unistalled and I'm back to give it one more try from fresh.
The app is wonderful
Nice browser, used to use it all the time before the 12.0.4 version, but now it crashes, literally, every other minute.  Sorry, uninstalling.
Its not fast at all and opera Turbo does nothing noticeable so stick with chrome.
But Opera has some problems. One is using Google's images. Unable to change preference and other options. CRASHES A LOT. LOSE TABS AND HISTORY.
Prior to the last update it was great, now it crashes or looses tabs frequently. Seems to be when multiple desktop tabs are open it decides it doesn't want to work anymore and exits, losing all tabs with it.
Sorry it just won't open
Cant browse thru tabs and choose one. Droid charge.
I like it but sometimes quiting when i surfing on the net... and forget the sites!
Whenever I play a flash movie, the whole browser freezes and then force closes. I thought it was only a one time occurrence but it kept happening every time I try to play a flash movie. Please fix, it's a very nice browser overall
Its bad bad one hourse for oben !!
Has anybody else lost the ability to paste text? Suddenly long-presses on input fields just come up with "Input method" and no other options.
Awosome
Yes I know adobe officially dropped support after ICS BUT some of us Sideload Flash...  Many other browsers pick this up...  Not Opera Though :(
Surfing seems to slower than the stock browser. And the most annoying thing during a interview/phone call: need to pickup some details from the web during the call. But when switching to the opera task,  everytime the browser has to be started again, the page has to be reloaded again and session is lost, and starting takes tooo much time, TERRIBLE!!!!
not support android facebook view and can't change font.
Sometimes open Yahoo News using Opera Browser will be hang there forever till I kill and remove apps from task manager.
I can't use this app on a network connection such as 3G! How freak! .....
it was my favourite browser app but now it crashes more than any other app I have so feeling like uninstalling.
New version broken... keep getting DNS errors when using Turbo mode.
Was amazing and my fav but lately has been crashing around often.  FIX IT!!!
Used to be best browser when on 3g  until last update . I've been forced to use the stock browser ugh !
It works good. You just need to stop putting the zoom in the settings. Also people want a mobie browser that can play at any website. Last is that don't make a mouse cursor if the phone is touch unless the phone has keyboard.
Crashes frequently across many different sites without warning. Samsung Droid Charge.
Very good
Not as quick and simple as Chrome but thought I'd try it as an alternative as Chrome takes way too much space
Can't get get wikipedia to and other sites to display anymore correctly in the overview bookmark pages. Crashes a lot too now. What happened to Opera? Uninstalled, use Dolphin now.
Cashes randomly when there's multiple loading tabs open.
Doesn't work well on Galaxy S2. Navigation/menu bar no longer autohides, autohide option is missing from settings. Random crashes. Used to be easily the best Android browser but has been going downhill since version 12 and v12.0.4 is even slower than previous versions. Rolled back to v11.5.3 which seems to be the last decent version.
Flickering on my HTC ONE V. Need an update.
HTC.browsing.download distab cars medeyaplayer but save problem.reset ofsan  nill
WHY NOT SUPPORTING FACEBOOK QUICKVIEW ! Size is too big why ?
Opera Mobile crashes in between browsing after the last update.  It also takes a hell lot of time to start-up
This was the best browser on my phone & tablet so far , but now it crashes every time while im browsing ,, SGS3 running 4.0.4 :(
FORCE CLOSE on CM7! this sucks!! DL TODAY new  version AND closing every minute!! Koje  ĐUBRE od programa... bullshit,crap!
Browser reloads or resets regardless of how many tabs are open even though 120+ MB of RAM is free. When browser reloads tab contents must be re-downloaded regardless of how many tabs are open. It's a huge problem if you are reading a long blog or online published literature with long chapters as the page resets to the top. Browser also reloads if opera mobile gets pushed out of the most recently used apps list even if you were using opera mobile less than 5 minutes ago from switching between apps 120mb free
Crushing too often. Search field isn'nt highlighted as default
resolution is not right.. this would be perfect if fixed!
Auto close
2/2for browsing, 0/3 for downloading...Cant download a file as low as 100 mb at a stretch even if kept overnight.. The same links were downloaded flawlessly on Dolphin and Android browser..Moreover downloads in Dolphin and Android never stops, even if we exit browser..Opera mobile really sucks at this.. Big time sucks
bekar hai. its waste . . . .
i hate this new version display.
Three dot menu always shows but doesn't do anything
Used to work fine, now it crashes very often. Hard to work with.
Most powerful mini browser. Everything what i need.
Asus Eee Pad & dock keyboard: best browser! You want a browser that isn't triggered by unknown shortcuts, this is the one. You blog and shop online? This is the best browser for Asus.
Opera used to be my go-to browser on mobile devices, but it has become flaky of late. The app seems to close at random on my Acer Iconia Tab A200 (ICS). Not force closes, mind you, just exits and returns to the Android home screen, as if I hit the exit button to close the app.
But just barely. Has a difficult time understanding input, so the keyboard disappears when you are inputting text. More than two tabs sucks massive  memory resources so Opera freezes, not even a FC. And no way to turn it into desktop mode. Installed.
K
Good good awsome app
Awesome
Force close on my lg
to slow...
sub par to expectations. dont download.
On HTC one series, the 3-dot button remains displayed at the bottom on the screen, taking space whilst the button has no functionality... Sad.
Fix force closing, then 5 stars .
Could be a great browser but its not. Delayed reaction when clicking a search result is annoying. App looks good but is no better than others.
The default fonts are WAY too small on a 10.1 tablet and I can't find a setting to fix it.
Always crashed when ever i tried to open a dekstop site. The download speed is slow. Always freezes at some particular site.
Always crash when i try to play youtube video on facebook
yar downloading hi nahi ho rha hai
browser which is largest in size but no feature, wtf. No download resume.Decrease the app size. Flowing style browsing feels irritating.
After the upgrade it now crashes, freezes and a lot slower
Please fix it keeps force closing and not opening
Going very slow for me. Still crashing pretty frequently.
Nice best broser
It works well for me. Easy to use and faster than dolphin and follows web standards with html 5. No flash but flash is dead so who cares
Their is no android user agent and my sd card removes unsuspectedly when running opera
Why not working !!!!
Keeps force closing..used to be great but latley it sucks and doesn't work right may have to switch browsers '
very slow updating so very bad.do something for it.!!!!
Q
I have installed this version it is so cool
Hmmm itx gud..
The newest version crashes frequently on me, previous versions were rock solid. Please fix!!!
Doesn't start on ICS.
to close the tabs u have to prexx on the x. but when u press in one yhe oyher one starts automaticly refreshing. this is so stupid. opera u should fire tbe guy that decided such a stupid thing
Cuts off half of screen when in portrait mode. Asus Transformer Infinity
It's very slow in 2G.
Black bar with vertical dots is annoying please update for ics
Everytime I put my keyboard away on my HTC Velocity, it freezes the screen, as well when I enter a comment etc etc. Only does it with this browser, other browsers don't do it.  Fix that sh*t.
wen ii minimize it starts downloading from first .............
Mượt , nhanh . Nhưng Dùng không đánh bài được trên tinh tế . Chán kinh
Kaim a bss
After the upgrade it is very bad
Crashes every time...after the update...
Was awesome but it slows down and wont load images
Sooopr
It keeps on crashing every nxt minute....
Been using this on my galaxy tab 7.7. Forced closed after updating.
Your browser is really great one in every platform ...but why all of them got problem with everyday-site like Facebook? now in new update I can't send comment in post by push enter on my soft keyboard and it's always got problem with FB. what wrong with it?  I really love your browser. But only problem from keeping you browser as one and only main browser in my device is it's always problem is popular site...and that's annoying
Its an head paining browser....keep crashing on ICS
Pages open in overview so constant zooming needed. Other quirks...asks if I'm sure that I want to exit. Uh, yeah that's why I pressed exit.
Running this on my Inspire with Android 4.0.4 and it forces closed every so often. Never use to but now all of a sudden it does. I've uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times and still does. I love this browser and its only 1 I use. Plz fix this.
Why does not opera mobile implement hardware acceleration as in mini ?... laggy experience compared specifically to Dolphin HD...:(
Automatically crashed closed when downloading 4files 195mb each with fast 3G connection
Since the last couple updates, the amount of crashes seems to have increased. Some websites make the whole app hang.
Keep saying no connection with the server? PLEASE FIX IT!!
Please update your app to conform to Android 4.0 user interface standards.  Your app is wasting screen space for the soft menu button.
Crashes alot.... Pleasessssssssssssssss Fix it...in.nxt...update....!!
its good
Opera mini it's sam time very eror bat it's good  :-X XD :-@
Only works on wifi...
Cant u guys improve google page...its too wierd..n irritates alot...it doesent even shows the words prediction on it....
Would like to try other browsers
Fully stupid app,,,  Hate it evry tym dis app was automatic close,,,
Needs an updated UI for tablets like the Nexus 7, hard to use in comparison to Dolphin for example. I want to use Opera as I use it on everything else but as of right now it is awkward to use.
Good
It do not view pages in Android style but normal style...like facebook is viewd normally like any other Java mobile..dont have a chat option also..just terribly fast!
Its force closes .... Everytime...
Forces to close wtf!
Not opening some website. It keeps saying check the connection... Lameee!!
Not suport in karbonn a1
Every time it crash else it works fine but these crashes spols my whole mood please do some thing.
The time it takes to open itself kills it
Good...
Pleasing to the eye
Good experience for me much better than opera mini also support flash file's.
great and fine app.
The fine part of opera mobile is that you can save images directly from websites without downloading them... The downside-everything else. It is slow, has an awful download manager and crashes every other second... I have never seen anything as unstable as this... It would surely get the guinesse record for the most black outs!!
Have been a massive opera fan for many years on desktop and many mobiles, but its so unstable now, constantly closing. Unusable sadly.
Wow
Hmmmm nice app
Its a great and fast browser, but there was some web page that I cant zoom, so I cant read the text. And when I did multitasking like chat, sms, open other apps, etc, the browser is restart and reload the page.... sorry :) I move to other browser.... *sorry for my bad english*
Was good once but now it's lagging like hell
used opera exclusively since I've been on android, but now its FCing all the time. usually on pages with flash on them, but also randomly when you click an html link or try to type in a text box sometimes. this browser is unusable right now
Don't know what happened, now it stats telling me that it can't connect to server on several different pages. Other browsers work fine. Even opera mini works on them.
Crashing all the time....can't keep the page open for a min also
Not working in my handset
Was using Opers for more than a year ... now this browser is causing intermittent data connection goes on and off every 30.seconds ...initially thought it was my phone r provider problem ...but after some work came to know dat it is the opera browser causing this, baaaaaaaaaaah UNINSTALLED ...tested my patience !! Installed Dolphin hd nw my data connection is working great as before , so devs fix Opera !
I really gave this browser a good try. After a month of use I found it to be no better than the stock browser. Not worth the download.... Period. If you have to have another browser, use dolphin.
The browser used to be fast and worked well. Now it can't play flash video properly (skips frames), closes all the time, and won't run 2 tabs for less than 160mb of ram. Junk!
Galaxy tab 8.9, and page rendering and scrolling is very slow. Also, why does it start on page overview, makes forum browsing tedious. Only thing why I'm using this is the dynamic text wrapping.   Boat browser offers dynamic text reflow and does not force page overview, changed to that one instead!
Previously, I used opera a lot but the  inexplicable auto-complete and inability to select and delete text in the address bar on ICS makes it almost unusable. Disappointing...
I deal with crashes 20+ a day! Good when it doesn't crash though
So before ICS this was an amazing browser. Since my phone updated to ICS i can barely use it anymore. Constant FC and every flash site freezes. Please fix this, this was by far the best Android browser available before the update - Droid Razr.
-Become Very Very Slow -Does not load images! -Please Fix!
I love Opera for java based phones but this app crashes on startup on my Virgin Mobile Venture. Sorry Opera, love you guys but the Venture is both largely common and old enough that the app should support this phone!!!
Lg spectrum. Opera randomly exits with no save or history of recent pages. Switched to maxthon
Loads pages fast and goes down even faster.
Frequent crashes on my Xperia arc running on ICS...
I loved this app but now a days it's just too unstable.. crashes once in 10 minutes and loses all tabs. Time to change browser. sgs2
Not Too mch Good,, Uc is better than opera
It Force Closes each time I try to open it!
I haven't been able to use this app for the last 6hrs....Is there an update coming
This update were supposed to fix crash and i still get fc on fresh  cm9
the browsing is fast but download fails all the time . sometimes download cannot be restarted so 2stars pl fix it
Could you please add 'FULL SCREEN' button to menu? (We have only 'status bar' option in settings, but there is no way to run in FS!)
I switched to Opera mini and have been happier with mini. Aside from the crashes, Opera mobile would be great.
Default internet browser are faster..
Used to be the best browser without any competition. Filled with issues across the board. This browser is so brilliant, yet is now held back by all of the current issues it has.
Seems "stIcky"; some sites load really quickly but others seem to get stuck at around 99% and have to be cancelled before links will work. My overall impression is that Chrome is much faster. Decided to uninstall when a Google advertising panel appeared at the bottom of a BBC News web page. Too sneaky.
gOod !!!
Getting quite fed up with it crashing all the time. Always seems to crash when an app asks to redirect to a browser, opens opera and loads the page but a few seconds later it just seems to disappear from memory and close, no error report popup or anything!!
It is kinda slow. The new update is great but , you need to fix it. I try to scroll down and it won't let me ! It also freezes a lot. Please fix ASAP ,cuz I love using this app.
Why is so choppy? Very choppy scrolling,fix it!
This app a awsome one .
I have problem with this apps its always show me installing but its not work I don't know why because in the past its okey I hope this problem will fix and find the reasons
Sometime it crashes,browsing becomes very slow & Hangs on my htc explorer, you guys need to fix it ..
Opera mobile won't loading when the 1st time screen orientation is landscape. But when it turn to portrait, turn back to normal. And yes, still forced closed randomly when I open more than 6 tabs...
Ok ok
It used to be the best browser ever.  However,since the latest update, end of May 2012, it keeps crashing and randomly closing.  When you reload the software after an abrupt exit, it presents some tabs that were open earlier than the crash, like if it goes back in time.  But this seems to be a bit random, I can never predict which tabs will still be open after re-loading -it's like kinder surprise! Btw, sorry for not rating it with 5* when it was perfect,I promise that when the random crashes r fixed I will
Great browser, but recent version crash a lot on my 4.0.3 ICS Evo 3D, and flash support is kind of not complete, it happens sometimes that it freezes and flash animation mix with each other, or one animation covers the other unnaturally... Kind of dissapointed that there is no 100% flash complete browser on google play yet...
Good
Plzzzzzz try to improve downloading
Okay
It gets stuck for no reason and just meh. Tired of using this already!
Always hangs
Download it and all it's blank, so to me its a scam!! Uninstall,
Was good till it started hijacking my defaults. Uninstalling.
This was the coolest browser, now just plain sucks.
Wanted to give this 5 stars but it doesn't load the proper Google mobile site just a basic version. Hope you can make it compatible with the better Google mobile site soon.
Quite like it but it crashes like crazy
Samsung galaxy s Crashing after update! Please fix It, otherwise five starts
Runs slowly with multiple tabs open, and the "Start screen" option has stopped working for me (again, after a 3rd reinstall for the same reason).
huft after update is not all web can be open specialty when open face book
Bht bura lga hme to.... Isse bura kabhi nhi dekha ..
The zoom feature doesn't help. It needs text size setting too. I like it other than that.
Keeps closing on its own and hanging while loading Web pages.
Ill be back and rate it for 5 star if opera team will make ang adobe flash support for this great browser i love opera but still need for them to have flash support for online streaming.thanks
It was okay for some time after I downloaded it first, then, a few updates later, after loading a page, it becomes blank. It's okay as long as it's loading. Force closes without warning. Takes forever to get past the splash screen. Sometimes it doesn't even get past the splash. Tiresome.
Installed it on my HTC with ICS. Played around with it a bit and seem to work fine. Received a call and the phone suddenly locked up. I couldn't get it to recover without taking the battery out and rebooted it. That was a first I've had to do that. Uninstalled Opera Mobile immediately and everything worked fine.
Crashs
It use to b perfect bit now it just don't work at all.so sad
Still no match to dolphin. Maybe clicks are more accurate but its slow.and guys we are in 2012 untill when we r gonna wait till u support flash?
Freezes at startup sometimes. Also loads pages too long, vantaan open links while loading
It needs ipad as user agent. And adobe flash is a gimmick on a tablet.
Now it crashes at least three times a day. Used to be default browser. Ics sgs2.
nice app. work facility very bad
no doubt this is faster than any other browser but he'll I am frustrated with this thing it automatically closes when I minimize it to use other applications and when I get back to this have to wait untill all pages reloads.... Please please fix this this is soo frustrating...
average
I cant read and post comments when using facebook in my opera mobile apps. Sucks. Fix this problem. Previously opera is a great apps now its too slow and alot of bugs.
betar
No flash and gives downloading problems many times download fails
That's enough.....
Please improve it Otherwise it is boaring.
Not as good as stock browser.
It's ok but leg
It is good to work but some times during the downloading it may occurs download failed.I think opera will have to work on it.
Bad. It has tons of little problems that accumulate to annoy me. I've reinstalled again and again, doesn't help.
FCs ALOT now.. » uninstalled.
Nice program but still too incompatable with many websites.
.
It's so fast and easy to use
it used to work, but i uninstaled it for space (over 25mb). now i instaled it and wont even open... so ununstaled again
thing is doesnt shows kannada language text (web page) properly, disappointed, need to improve a lot include ui everything
i like this
Keep having to reload the page to get it to go :/ Not sure why?! HELP, please?
Cannot save as default browser. Prompted every time i open opera from another application.
Crashes regularly on certain web pages.  No FC, it simply closes and takes you to the desktop.  Repeatable; opening same page crashes it again.  If you stop it after loading the page 75% of the way, you can prevent the crash.  Tried clearing cache, rebooting, changing settings, etc.  Finally had to quit using it and switch back to Dolphin Mini.  Pity.
Recently my web pages either load full or half load or don't load at all! Thought it was my internet connection but internet works fast n fine on the standard browser that came with phone! Please fix as i have used opera for years! :(
After updating to ICS its crashing...when page is opened in new tab it hangs...plz do something.
HTC One
jhatu
i compair with uc web bro.. so uc web is very fast and opera is not fast. pls give speed fast in opera
It keeps crashing when I start to watch a flash video and start it up to when will adblocker be available to use on this version like the one on the computer. Please Solve.
The app doesn't staying memory and the long loadtime with the Opera splashscreen sucks.
The program has started crashing right in the middle of use losing your work.
A decent enough mobile browser, but it crashes way too frequently. Also occasionally stalls out when launching, freezing on the load screen. I keep waiting for them to fix it,  but they seem to be taking their sweet time...
The Best browser and the fastes one! Works great on S2 and dhd
I don't like the "it can read personal sensitive data"
1- when I minimize downloads.  After some time download fails 2-take  too time to load page 3-please improve it
Som time stop working???
For some reason they made it so you can't restore Opera Mobile with Titanium and keep your data.  The app just crashes and you have to re-setup all your speed dial shortcuts.  Just make it so the data can be backed up and restored like it used to in earlier versions of this same program.
Nice
Best browser on Android until last update. Suddenly horrendously unstable. Sessions barely last a minute, two or three sites or pages, before crashing. Unusable as a result. Terribly disappointing.
Cannot use anymore
Now why my opera usually crash now?!
Better than opera mini. But one problem is, in facebook pic tagging done only by 5, not more than that.
This browser is great
Much better dn Opera Mini n Opera Mini Next Bt poor as compared to dolphin browser
Good
I have been using Opera for a while and was relatively happy with it, until this morning when I realized that today's update to Version 12.0 deleted all my bookmarks and speed dials. That did not make me happy!
V.v. Nice
My favorite browser, but Version 12.4 crashes a lot while running , never see that in older versions. Returned back to 12.3. Please fix.
Sometimes mobile view takes a loooooong time to load pages so i have to restart or clear cache and cookies and use desktop view
No way to turn off Page overview, the pages load zoomed out.
Frs
Frs
Since the last update, has been really unstable. Now is slow, unaccurate onscreen and often forcecloses. What was a 5* app is now only a 3*! Galaxy Ace
Opera freeze when access to github. No problem with the google browser. On CM10 it close and don't continue to download in background.
I have used the default web browser and dolphin and have say its just not at the same level as the other two.
Nice app but crashes at times in my moyrolla milestone!!!!
I still recomnd 2 use chrome....
Opera has been experiencing a lot of bugs lately and it hasn't been as fast as it used to be. EIther websites have changed or Opera...
Needs a lot of work. Sometimes I have to touch more than oncr to open a website or whatever.
Please fix it.. cant download any files from this browser...
Es mi navegador favorito, pero lamentablemente se cierra o traba constantemente.
Starts slowly .
Ok
Opera mobile nên sửa lỗi thi thoảng còn lag đứng đơ màn hình một lúc.
Often jammed and forced close!
Its a great browser, except for that it crashes every other time I open it.  Its quite annoying having to reload tthe program again and again and again.
Nice.  '
I have always loved Opera. But on my Nexus 7 its slower then say Puffin browser and there's no help with flash. Guys you really should do something for us Jellybean users who don't have flash.
Add a "force enable zoom" option like the stock HTC browser and this would be 5 stars. Scrolling could also be MUCH smoother. Perfect otherwise.
Its crashses to home page on new search
At the beginning it was fine, but after few updates it started crashing, when i minimize and reopen it the page is reloading. Please fix it, i am using Samsung ace
Great
can't show Bengali fonts properly... :-( From me, 2 stars...
Not good
Rly good browser.
Jerky.  Dear Opera,  Opening tabs or scrolling has become very un-smooth. Please fix it. I wish somehow it can be smooth like 12.5 on desktop.
Good
Realy cooooool browsr.....
Everything looks fine. It's fast and stable,but it cannot display some pages,especially m.facebook.com. I think that the plug-in doesn't work,right?. Pls urgently fix it.
it is really fast, love the bookmarks but it stops working I don't know why. I have cleared the cache, history, passwords, etc. several times but in any moment it just stops working. You enter an url address or press a bookmark and it stays loading, loading, loading. What a shame, if not for that I would rated it with 5 stars. I ended uninstalling it.
Crashes just after start. Fail!
very good browser
Has become really annoying Keeps closing in cm7 uses to be the best browser
very gooood
Great i use it to surf on the web and go to facebook because is more fast than facebook app. Great job opera. LG MyTouch
Ever since the ICS update, navigating away from the app means losing ly place on any site I am reading. It's frustrating to swipe away to check my email, then discover I have to scroll down to find where I left off reading.
U navigate away from it for 5 seconds and the $&%$ restarts the whole browser cancelling any downloads u have running. Too c**p
I like it.  Seems to be a little faster than my stock browser but why does a new Google search page pop up every time I open the browser now? It's annoying and unnecessary. Evo4G
good
Well like all browser it works normally.
Love that it does everything. Hate that it does them soo slow! Takes forever to load a page. This browser used to be fast!
Nice bt nt very usefull
keeps on crasing in 4.0.4 and 4.1.1
Best
I'm using it as it is simple.. But it requires developement...
This used to be the best app but after the update it doesnt work properly on my htc one v.
This browser is way faster than my phone browser
Too slow! Crashes sometimes. Fix these problems
When I open any webpage that have flash it always crash and then stop ... Please fix it.
Uc browser , dolphin r much better comparitively........
Uc browser , dolphin r much better comparitively........
Nice
Its fast..
I was using Dolphin HD for awhile but recent updates wrecked the interface. I have found that Opera is much quicker and smoother. Thanks guys!
I prefer Boat Browser.   Find this one quite slow
If it wasn't ugly...
The only thing can complain about is when your zoomed in you cant simply hit back to get to the last page which does not worked good with gesture control
It is an awesome app....but it still crashes n makes my motorola defy plus restarts everytym. So i m nt gonna use it anymre... if it s fixed den may b i can.
Gud. But uc is better
Great concept to zoom in when touching links to verify which one is being touched, but it's buggy when I'm trying to log in w/un and password on sites. Clicking a field causes page to reload.
Love this browser but lately deletes it's self off my apps so I have to download the updates that usually just make it less efficient....   irritating will 5* when fixed
Opera is really good but soon crashes after calling flash based sites Overall its good needs correction
Not the best
Punjabi fonts in opera mini, dolphin HD and other browsers are displayed  correctly, but not in opera mobile, why??????????????
Nice but not good
Facebook displays awfully. I wish there was an option to make pages load normally like the original web browser. overall its a good and fast browser.
Still many improvements required
Not useful at all.
.
good browser bt nt d best....crashes sometimes:(
Used to be my favorite browser, but after the update it keeps force closing. Plz fix this asap, already most of my friends have shifted to Dolphin and they say its good!!!!!
And slow
When I go on a website, sometimes it randomly forces close...ANNOYING.
it sometimes crashes on galaxy y...need an update
downloading things take longer
This used to be a fast browser, now its slow sh*t!! Horrible!!
It's alright, but the double back button every time I've zoomed in and then want to go back is annoying. It's not as fast as Boat and doesn't handle gifs as well as Boat either. So. It's just alright.
Resisted this for the longest time because of horrible experiences using the Windows version, but this is actually pretty good. It handles some webpages and file saving situations that other browsers seem to choke on. Don't believe the hype, though, this is nowhere near the fastest browser. It will often sit for several seconds before even beginning to load a page, which it then does slowly more often than not. The "tap to focus" thing is nearly useless and annoyingly zooms in when attempting to select a link. Needs more privacy options and the ability to manually sort bookmarks.
Not updating based on the ridiculous new permissions levels. Get rid of them & perhaps I will. Don't & I won't. Force an update & lose another patron. Simple.
best app. but crash some times on specific web. galaxy mini. no hindi support.
best app. but crash some times on specific web. galaxy mini. no hindi support.
Please optimize its memory usage, it's still preferred by me, but sometime it let me down when it forced exit
When go to previous page it needs reload.
My stock browser is way faster! This browser is slow and laggy ( when scrolling) I am on Android 4.1.1 though...
Opera takes for ever to load some pages. Dolphin loads the quickly but opera can take up to a minute or more.
I love the user interface, flash support, and browser options.  Unfortunately, it locks up on about a third of the sites I visit, forcing me to close the app, clear cache, and restart.  If that gets fixed, this browser would be perfect.
Very nice but it force closes on my HTC.
I would like the do not track function to be included in your line of browsers.
Need reduction imposed unnecessary permissions also improved loading page, need to reduce the load time of the first screen, many Android users need quick and agile off the app whenever startup & using. The search engine still slowly processed, sometimes it crashed 2,3 times while browsing in around 1 hour. Every time i tried to open many many tabs, the app has been frozen expression and the page stopped loading, when trying to go to the new link is not aware of the application response. An additional problem is the app could not be completely exited to back device's screen when i used the Exit button, only a black screen appeared and it was frozen in more than 5 minutes (i have downloaded some files and suspend them before quit the app), this issues can be observed on Xperia Arc, Neo on FW404.
Works perfect
After typing in google search half the browser page stayed black and the webpage I was looking for loaded in the upper half of the screen making it impossible to view. On HTC sensation .
I would give 5 but not satisfied with they downloading facility it sucks plz fix it
Fix a couple of annoying things and I'd use this as my main browser...	1. When page has only partially loaded the large bar that remains at the top even when you scroll is annnoying.  2. You cannot zoom and scroll at the same time as on other browsers.
whnevr browsr minimizd....downloadng fails..plz fix..
Keeps force closing
Its good
Ph # no good-no response for help-uninstalled!!! doesn't integrate with device
It's a good browser
Still waiting for pinch and zoom with scroll at the same time. Been using other browser as daily driver just because of this missing feature.
I prefer dolphin browser.
nyc
I hate this version...previous one was awesome....
Opera really needs a major update. Performance is not as good as the stock Jelly Bean browser. There is no inertial scrolling and it still doesn't have an overflow ICS-style menu button. Only good thing left is auto text reflow. You guys need to release a major new version soon.
I'm from India and my device doesn't have support to south Indian languages  .... How can I read such languages via opera,?
was working fine till the update. menus and submenus are not rendered properly. its really bad, especially on google pages. text flow is good though.
Its good yarr.
Nice
But i just upgraded to jellybean 4.1 and this app doesnt want to open anymore  please fix it
Awosame app
Please update for nightmode.
Can some one tell me hw to POst comment using fb on opera. Moreover some tyms it shows opera stop responding. I click on wait and in few seconds it works again
Fonts look smaller compared to Chrome? Rendering works sometimes and sometimes not.  Its another mobile option but that's it.
Not able to download pics on fb.. Whn it appear in. pop up
Load backward fast! But  keep loading with new page opened!
I's a good.not a best!!!
Its downloadig speed is slow
good
Its nice and fast and everything... but the enter address function doesn't work. There is no button to press to make it search or find the address, so it just sits there. Please fix I love this app.
Crashes on startup and you need to open it again to get it to work.
the update crashed on my xt530, please fix it.
Wow for enjoy
Please fix Gawker websites rendering. Can't see posts in blog view. Can't log in in certain sites due to blank pages.
Great app. Very easy to use. Thanks
good but some time it get forced close...
very nice work on galaxy y.
Switched over from dolphin browser to this. One thing that dolphin had that i would like to see added: when saving an image, ability to change the filename before saving it. Also, when uploading a file, i need to be able to choose where i upload it from. I often have to upload pictures, and i have no option of going to my gallery. It automatically goes to files. That is a major thing.
Still updating well see
věry wonderful and much better than.any other app in android market
Cooolllll,it is a super fast browser, but oldest version is much more better than new browser
should add flash player in opera brower
I would give it 5 stars if it didn't crash so often. Also most of the time when WiFi signals are coming it doesn't open any page while other browsers open em. . Could do with a new update. .
Chorme is far betta den opera
But I hope this could be as fast or faster than your opera mini.
Good browser
I can't view sites in Gujarati...usually I need to surf Gujarati sites.
Lately it crashes evry few mins ... Never happnd b4 the last updates ... Please fix  S2 running ics
Freezes everytime when i want to close/open or switch tabs and also freezes when i exit the browser, please fix it
works well but the search engine always takes you to the stupid mobile version of google instead of the tablet version. i tried to change the search address on search engine settings but the one for google cannot be changed. That's stupid, and for that, i give it 3 stars
The 12.0.4 update brings new bugs to the tf201. I cannot enter text on some forums and flash can freeze the system. It's still a fast browser and hope these bugs are sorted quickly.
useless if we are on to multi taking coz it crashes every tym we leave the app nd restarts.. downloading small files are ok bt with large files.. just forget it.....
Waste of time old one is nice..........
Can't upload my photos in facebook by this browser.And speed is very slow.please fix is ...And it's size it too big.13.5 MB
it must have resuming ability from the point from where download get failed like uc browser......it downloading speed must be increased
Black bar with vertical dots is annoying please update for ics
App crashes...
Dear Opera, I have been a fan for years but PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE fix the issue of reloading every time I switch to and from the browser. It ruins every form I fill out if I need to switch to another app to check a contact or pw. Very frustrating!
I am not able to update this version . It keeps on downloading but doesnot start. Plz help!!
I am not able to update this version . It keeps on downloading but doesnot start. Plz help!!
I've used this browser in the past and its been great.  Very fluid and fast.  However,  on my Asus Transformer Infinity,  portrait only uses the bottom part of the screen.  Its also really sluggish moving around web pages. Hope to see this fixed soon.  The issue also exists in Mini.
Very chiki. Cool!
don't No body complete!
Best browser so far, but has a little bit problem handling flash website and javascript If it is solved, I'll give 5★ again.
1.) unable to resume downloads correctly when there is an interruption in the process of opera 12 especially when the said application automatically close for some reason, or if ever it can be resume the files saves in a document format that will caused its properties to be invalid...!  2.) whenever i type fastly or when i have lots of windows opened, it will result to automatic exiting of the opera 12....  ***************************  i hope the aforementioned bugs will be fixed as soon as possible....
this is an excellent browser, but there is some bug with new update, while d app is running there r few distortions which come on screen.
Its good but not the best,:-(
It was good just before the latest update. Now the screen shows some lines while browsing, it lags. It looks like screen is broken. Plz fix
Excellent browser but sometimes is freezing and i need to press home...
Hangs when loading web pages on 3G. Verified that opera is the problem by visiting same web sites using different browsers and not encountering the same problem.  Turning OFF Turbo helps tremendously.
Works good but not as said so....
Flash and some videos tend to crash. Fix soon for 5*
Doesn't matter pc or phone. Simply the best! 5 stars!
Flash can't be played
Not bad, but I preferred mini :)
The latest release crashes my HTC Desire HD frequently. HTC Sense has to reload.
Scores 100/100 on acid3, has an option to set up a proxy, simply said - a great browser...
Luv it
I hate myself !!! Why I clicked to update ???? Why !!!
Lastest version works well but sometimes it crashes otherwise its awesome
Not best but better
Malayalam font is not correct otherwise I gave you five out of five
Ilike so mack
The app is good from one point however, I've got other browsers installed top.
Not sopported nepali font , fix it please
Latest version works well, but falls flat on it's face on flash embeded pages.  If flash is  running when phone sleeps or you try to close Opera, it hangs hard.  Rotating the orientation on flash pages also causes issues.  Finally, if you do a google search, go to a result link, then back, Opera goes back to the front page of google, not your results - annoying.
Does not work.
whenever i try to open another tab or a link it always vibrates so its battery consuming i already tried to disable vibration in my phone settings but it didn't work plz fix this issue but overall its and excellent app
I have turned on opera turbo but my data savings show as zero percent?
Tried almost every browser for android. Keep comming back to Opera. 12MB, but totally worth it. Dolphin, Miren and Boat-browsers.. Never more...   One star removed. Random crashes, as of may 2012. One star removed. Crashes on pages with flash may 2012.
Ohsem
Good
Fast, stable, reliable. I have four browsers installed and I ended up using Opera most often.
No flash in jelly bean? Opera are you crazy?
Nice application But  just need some more customization like in appearance, performance etc.
I like this better than Opera Mini. Faster, smoother, more refined. UI could use tweaks. Still behind Dolphin HD.
Only 4 starsss only becoz of d downloading problem. Its too stopping d tasks wen it minimized...  Operaaaaaaa... Dont u see this downloading problems???????
Very choppy on Jelly Bean. Come on Opera!
Good
Not smooth at all anymore.. Oh where are the days when this was the fastest, most smooth browser..
What is here of 13mb it is same as opera mini of 800kb
Latest update froze the app and now it always force closes. I tried clearing the app's cache and data, no luck.
it's been 2 weeks since I've tried to report to their support team that Opera won't work in landscape on my phone. I have just installed the latest update but Opera still closes on its own when in landscape mode. it's very limiting.
Nice application
good
The weird Google homepage that appears only in Opera depresses me! Can't you fix it plz?
its not working properly on my samsung galaxy Y s5230, its taking long time to open n to download any video file..
Sorry. If there's no Chrome, I will choose you.
Ssconline web not support properly
I installed for long periods of time great features but what the hell still crashes !! Kindly fix it please!!
Opera , best browser but it doesn't block popups moreover there are no option in setting to block the popups.... it is request to opera please fix it....
Fc....:+(
Speed and stable. Thanks ..
Nice yar aps I love it
the software is good,bt still has bugs at time and crashes often.
Nice browser......
Good but not better
opera mini is far better than this.because in opera mini large size web sizes are formatted for mobile view via opera servers.so that data usage is less.but if you are using wifi or 3g than opera mobile is better.for 2g and slow connections opera mini is good
I love opera but It is getting worst on every new release, Firefox beta is impresive now.
I used to love this app - fave browser without a question, user interface is superb. However lack of stability makes it useless. PLEASE fix this app.
I find Opera very unstable and buggy on my Sony tablet.   It frequently freezes and unexpectedly resizes text and scrolls to the end of the web page. At least once a week it will also crash.
What about speed
Its crashing on my sony xperia p, I dont know its phones problem or operas
Hi, this used to be a great app, but it it forces my new phone to restart continuously. pleas fix this.
Needs shortcut switch between android and desktop view.
its fonts very large
Was good once but now it's lagging like hell
Takes too long to exit and also many times sites dont open on my galaxy s I9000 with abdroid 2.1. please fix it
latest update broke this app on the nook color.  Good job, opera.
Used to love it but now it crashes all the time.
Used to love it but now it crashes all the time.
i like using opera due to its fast rendering. its solid and the fastest in my opinion. Still needs alot of work to catch up with mainstream competitors such as dolphin and chrome, firefox etc. tabs needs some work. it loads previous sites all the time along with new tabs rendering the app useless. needs more firepower. needs more rendering speed as its still slow at times.
It was a good browser till recently. It worked on my Optimus, but now I have the Evo 4G LTE. It had to restart every time I multitask. Hope you can fix it.
Not enough
Sometimes it stops working
it won't work sometym :O
I did't used so much but it works good when i used this
@@Surya@@ Some times it can't open google page properly and crashes. So I want to get a updated version of opera mobile...
amazing
App shuts off within 30 seconds of opening on Samsung Captivate.  This just started after last update.
Nice but slow...anyway t s a nice app
It's the best browser for phone
I like the text wrapping in the browser, but this needs youtube incorporated in the webpage... now i have to exit out and use the youtube app to view videos
Need to fix some web page cannot open...
Opera was my first choice but no more it's giving the same output as it used to. Frequently crashes.
Can't resume once stopped Please fix it...... In update
Awsum
Browser does not support redirects!!
Too much memory
opera mini can not open some page.. it says not endoresed by Google..
Does not play flash videos properly......
Has trouble opening links on the first try. I consider the ability to open a web page one of the important things a browser is supposed to do.  Also won't go back to the previous page without making you click once to stop loading, once to zoom out, and one more time to actually go back. When I press the back button, what I really want to do is go back, crazy huh?  One more thing is that it won't open YouTube videos with the YouTube app, it makes you watch it on a web page which works terribly.
Has trouble opening links on the first try. I consider the ability to open a web page one of the important things a browser is supposed to do.  Also won't go back to the previous page without making you click once to stop loading, once to zoom out, and one more time to actually go back. When I press the back button, what I really want to do is go back, crazy huh?  One more thing is that it won't open YouTube videos with the YouTube app, it makes you watch it on a web page which works terribly.
Do yourselves a favour and get rid of these permissions leaving a privacy lacking advertisement network aftertaste to an otherwise good browser.
Incredibly fast on my busted old fascinate. Better than stock and better than firefox!
Huge lag in tagra3 device. Pls fix
Uninstalled. Droid Razr. Worked perfect, until update.
When it works it is very good but recently having to force close it a lot.
it was great but now the likes not showen as notifications i don know why plz fix it cuz l like opera :/
quitely nice bt i wanna to tell u dat its browsing is speed bt downloading iz vry vry slow...if a file is downloading then its can not brouse the internet....
It crashes every few minutes.
a lot of times when i hit back on a page with flash opera stops loading pages.
Automatic close on galaxy s miui 4.0.4...:-(
Gr8
Some!
Liked it well
It is fast but it takes up too much space,
shit its really shit i shoulf say shittttt¡¡¡¡
IMO Opera beats all the other mobile browsers, right out of the box. A few simple settings and presto.
Used to be grt browser, but now the browser sometimes takes AGES to startup...
Very lightning fast sleed like my home wifi  :-) i like this :-D
Fast, easy but, if your using Facebook you can't upload pictures normally, more confusing just show files like 23472_1288 and I'm pretty sure you don't name every file.(:
Scrolling is not smooth anymore after JB Installation. Please fix. Otherwise great.
Every time i minimize the browser within few minutes it is closed. Then again opening opera it reload the tab uncessary consumption of data on the other hand other browser doesnt closes after minimizing.
I like it's downloading capacity and surf is also good...but dolphin browser is better ....
To slow
This used to be my go to browser for everything, but with the most recent update I lost flash support? Running ICS on a Motorola xoom, maybe its just me? Either way, the flash was a big plus for me and the lack of it now is a major buzz kill.. please fix
Its ok
Great browser, need some improvement when search within page.  Rev. Update, opra was definitely the best browser but after the last couple updates, it keeps crashes and close whenever there is a flash on a webpage, please fix this problem.
Pioneers in browsers especially for handheld devices....
Its Good Bt I cannot upload stuffs on F.B
Plese change the home screen i do'nt  like
I use this on my laptop its amazing!
Used to be my favourite browser, but it force closes a lot...  Please debug
Good!
It was working like a dream before a month. Pretty screwed up now. Flash not working at all. Pictures in some websites not displaying
Jus gud bt tkes mch tym dan odas for sme pages whch are nt even dat large !!.
Good browser and all but it doesn't seem to be able to handle it when I do things quite fast like changing tabs while it is loading new ones. Opera Mini seems to handle itself much better.
Handy easy-to-use though slow. Even slower then Dolphin browser.
its an avg app very slow n lazy
Good and ok
It is good with 3G but when my mobile screen is off it stopped the downloded things! please fix:(
Good
Very large apk
i still experience problem with this browser. when i download a song or a video, yeah its fast, the loading bar is continously moving, but then again, when i left the browser and move to other app and go back to it again, it stops automatically, and it disappears, so i have to repeat again my download. it sucks you know.
Nice browser. ..
Chrome still has no forceable desktop view.  Opera is great when other browsers force mobile view. Otherwise its clunky and slow for regular use.
Its sooo anoying now it crashes like every 3 minutes! Please fix it!!!...... wen it decides to work its okay
Avarage performance
Ive always been a fan of opera, especially on a pc. The tabber home screen is awesome. I have a droid razr maxx. And i get opera crashes often. To the point where i dont like to use it, as my.main browser. After it crashes, i can restart opera, and it will have up the pages that i was looking at about 5 minutes before the crash.
Itz d bstst browser. . .bth for android nd symbian. . .
Cooool
Need perform more speed
TiBu backups aren't restoring properly  metroflashed DX any rom i flash, opera won't run. just crashes to home screen. or sometimes gets a black screen n thats it.. a pain to restore but besides that excellent browser
I'm constantly getting crashes on Jelly Bean.
Wanted to give this 5 stars but it doesn't load the proper Google mobile site just a basic version. Hope you can make it compatible with the better Google mobile site soon.
I have been enjoying this browser immensely during my wait for firefox mobile to stop sucking.
I saw the comments below. They are not so good abt d resent updates. Let me check finally...
Especially if you use the desktop version as well. I love the text wrap feature when zooming. You can easily synchronize with your devices. Can be a bit laggy when browsing with multiple tabs though. (Probably my device) A version with installable expansions is also available on their website which has some grea t addons too.
Cant save (download) images onto my phone, otherwise a great app..
It doesn't work on most fones mini is best
Cannot load more stories in the news feed on  desktop version of Facebook. Also some pages will just stop loading and need to be refreshed to work again - Using Gingerbread (non branded) on Galaxy Note.
its the best for me until now and still its flash unsupported..
Not good
Browser cannot handle heavy flash websites. It just lags at it
good
Can't set to default browser, Wikipedia doesn't load properly, some websites don't come up as their mobile Site
Normally works great and is my favourite browser to use, but over the last few hours, I keep getting the following error message show up when trying to load web pages " Sorry The requested item could not be loaded!(Status Code: 503)". Please get this fixed to receive 5 stars again
Works as well internet browsers for desktop imo.
Been using opera for years. I've always hated the slow splash screen! I've now gone to Firefox as its my desktop browser and is now mature enough to be my default on my android.
WHY IS THIS CLOSING DOWN ALL THE TIME????!!!??!?
Crashes quite unexpectedly but not as much as stock browser. Please try and fix as soon as possible
Won't work with pop up dialogue boxes that I need to fill in, am yet to find a 3rd party browser that works with every web site, returning to the standard installed Browser (Samsung Galaxy Nexus ICS 4.0.4)
This is by far the best browser for video streaming. I have tested many of the web browsers like... Firefox which is 2nd best Dolpine HD and Mini but these always frez up my phone causeing to kill this app.
Dolphin interface annoyed me so gave this a shot.  Way better than dolphin except for one thing...google search bar retains previous search text instead of clearing when u click on it.  Please fix this and u get 5 stars.  Thanks.  Moto Photon
This browser want tested with Facebook desktop site.  Choosing the right folder for your bookmark is a joke....
Its good but not as good as dolphin
i think it's too slow accessing the web. compared with original browser
tzzu
It has no voice search options
Yes, opera is as fast as advertised but crashes very often for me. Galaxy S2
From 5 stars to 3 with past few updates. Not sure what you have done but I get a lot more crashes lately. If not on WiFi and on 4glte pages don't load, says can't connect to... So I Have to refresh (but then it does nothing) stop, and refresh again. Bummer since I have fast connection, fast phone and fast browsing habbits. I used opera since the first winmo version and I rant and rave about it to anyone and everyone. Please get the problems fixed I like this browser more than any other.
the best
I've had a pleasant experience and almost everything has worked fine. However, when I try to connect to Opera Link I get this "Connection failed. Please review your network settings" error. I had to restore this Tab to factory and was very sad because I lost my bookmarks.. Please fix this bug. This, and the lack of a way to change tabs with the Menu button are the reasons why I'm not giving the 5 stars this application should have. Thanks.
It is good to work but some times during the downloading it may occurs download failed.I think opera will have to work on it.
Dowwnloads are still better on native browser, the beta next is fast bit terrible downloads again I like saving data costs but improvements needed like why do locked phones fry if opera is put into them? I seen restricted phones lose their chips from it
Good,but not really gd
Good,but not really gd
Fast at first then it starts getting laggy
When i recieve a call ,the browser totally close unstead of just be ninimized  and when minimize it ... it just closes !!!  i use galaxy fit    :( Please fix this
Great but will not open mobile version of some sites such as the bbc web site. Bbc site always opens in desktop mode even though user agent is mobile
Browser was working great, but now stops all the time and sends tablet to home page
Can be slow loading and has issues with tv catch up which is annoying
greT
middle ok
Its good to open sites but when it comes to downloading portion. ...it is dull... Uc browser is better in downloading. Uc browser resumes video from breaking point....so i gave 3 stars.
Unlike most browsers, when you think of it, opera has already added it. LOVE IT.
Images and other stuff is still getting cached on disk despite turning disk cache completely off. Changing download directory has no effect.  Especially being unable to turn off disk cache is a huge problem in my opinion because if you stumble upon some bad stuff in the internet it's basically burned into your device forever, except if you do a FULL overwrite (due to wear leveling).  Also the browser crashes very often for me.
Works fine, I have hardly any issues with it
Not the best, but good app...
useragent has only destop and mobile please work for android useragent.so I wipl give 3 star.
i compair with uc web bro.. so uc web is very fast and opera is not fast. pls give speed fast in opera
I love this internet provider much more than the original on the phone, however..sometimes when I go to the home screen of my phone and try to get back on it closes out. It's not too bad, but it gets annoying.
Crrashes some times
Pretty good, compresses data like opera mini, but opera link just doesn't sync without a great deal of faffing. Not what I need, especially when mini works first time every time
Fast   browser in world
Switched back to Dolphin as always
This browser is relatively fast but misses some features like flash and other plugins. In private browsing wud be a plus if added
Flash support not der! Plz dont update it and make it worse!
I am feeling computer is in my hand with this browser
I am feeling computer is in my hand with this browser
Not much use when basic fixture details are wrong. Eg Sweden v England is 19:45, not 17:00. Waste of time.
When i minimise. it stops and closes
Not as gud as dolphin browser
Great work but hate it when it crashes after opening it ALL THE TIME. Crashes on some sites...
Not bad
The browser is OK. I like the data saver feature, especially since it is toggle able. I don't like the overall clunky-ness of the interface. Some mobile pages load as distorted desktop pages, and when I tap, it zooms 500% and makes me tap again. Good for 3G users. Stick with the stock browser on Wi-Fi of 4G LTE.
require minimize button..so plz update as soon as possible.....
The best browser for processing image heavy pages but otherwise pales against Dolphin in user friendliness and features
Buggy and doesnt load certain things all the time. Stock browser works better for me.
nic browsr apps...good...
Very nice
Good one
This is so much h faster! I have it on my home pc as well
Exiting the browser( with exit button) does not close app with the latest update...i now have to force close it. Note to devs...plz implement a delete function which clears all the privacy data and would be really awesome if u gave the option for a BLACK SKINNED opera mobile!
Exiting the browser( with exit button) does not close app with the latest update...i now have to force close it. Note to devs...plz implement a delete function which clears all the privacy data and would be really awesome if u gave the option for a BLACK SKINNED opera mobile!
Good upgrade. Now faster than before with less or no crashes on my android LG P698.
Its very fast and quickly download. Plz download this software.
Much faster
Nice app
Sometimes Crashes on xperia u!!!! Flash player improper support, specially on adfly Rest is ok...
Gud app!!
Has good speed compared to most others.  God knows I've been feeling out for months all the different ones.   Next to Boat, it's even better and more stable.  Not to mention that it has a forward button on main interface.  Thanks opera.
Much better dn Opera Mini n Opera Mini Next Bt poor as compared to dolphin browser
like it
The former google view was good..
DELETED mostly due to privacy concerns. I suspect Opera is spyware and malware.
Nice to install it now
I like it, the only problem is that I can't select and copy text for whatever reason!
Super
Good
its good grower but some problem. when you go back from search, brower lost the search key words and you have to input again. please fix it
in conjunction with the installed on my tablet. My tablet has a 1.5 ghz processer, 512 megs of ram and 4.0.3 ics. For some reason the browser that came installed on my tablet will quit working, I get a message asking if I want to wait or close, I have in most cases clicked wait then the browser will start working again. I downloaded this browser with the intent of trying it out and seev if I like it better. In some operations it does work better but not in others so I use this browser for those operations and use my other browser for the operations that it is better at. In a nutshell I will use both browsers.
Still no crash handler on ics
Ok its almost updated
H
Ok
liked it overall. suggest to improve the privacy setting into select all checklist instead of individual buttons to erase history cookies passwords form data etc.
It is fast..
Excellent
this browser can be better by adding new feature.
Very well browser even better than maxthon
Tabs Closing while tapping... please fix this. Also would be great if add Devnagari(Hindi) Font properly.
With the ability to look at amazon lightning deals, you have earned 1 more star. Make the boot-time on the browser faster and its 5/5!
No 1
crashes a lot...takes a hell lot of time to download stuff..yet user friendly..contented with the browser as such but needs fixation!!
Works great on my Casio Commando!!!
It's awesome
Smokes Android Browser, Firefox and Dolphin! If you use script-heavy sites then this is the fastest! Could use a few features but this is my new mobile browser of choice :)
Its good but some times it faces problem
This one sucksAy honga noh! Hwehwehwe! Sowee ha! Ung huge amount of cash ko & grocery
Sometimes fixing fc/crashes is cleaning your cache. Then lose all and start again... but still the fastest out there :-)
I love opera
I would give 5 star if the dowoloaded is resumed
5 stars for my favorite browser,,,
Okelah
Nice
Not bad
Cool apps nice browsing speed bt file size too large...so i give 4 star
All it needs now to set it apart from other browsers is saving downloaded content to a nominated location.
Excellent one
Super
Some issues while having 8 or more tabs open at once, but overall a pretty solid internet browser.
there is 1 very annoying feature about the opera browser. all of my old tabs always restart I want a clean slate each time or at least the option to do that
It doesn't lad everything completely anymore had problem like a month ago worked perfectly before tho	See title lol!
Its good........
Opera's my favourite
It does not open when internet pass trough is connected. Have to disconect then open then reconect to get it to work
......
Sexy
Its better to use other than broswers
Goods
Exellent
Zoom with 1 click is makes it better
Opera Mobile is by far the best browser for android. I've tried others and they don't even compare. My only complaint is the search bar, let me save a new default search provider rather than have to change it everytime i launch opera.
Nice but better than firefox
2nd best browser for me. But, kinda slow when loading pages. I need faster speed and play videos without lag.
Fantastic
samsung galaxy ace. It gets crashed a lot. the saved page can't be deleted. need to have reflow text like opera used to. fix it and I'll give you 5 star :)
nice but takes long time to download
Its nice!
Its nice!
Allows 2 user agents (I am a Tablet, I am a desktop PC), allows control of Flash content. Much more of what a browser should offer, compared with Opera mini.
Its fast i like it but when i use facebook games to slow for me
overall a fairly good browser, fast and responsive. start screen could be improved though.
Awfully nice. But I am facing a prob frm previous few days. Whenever I click enter for loadng a page its show the msg that unable to connct with servr
It's legit. It could use the zoom in on close together buttons like chrome.
Need auto clear private data and history on exit also flash a bit crappier after update
Takes lots of time on 2g
The apps good,  pls add the feature to auto clear the private data automatically exit.
Best
Best
very good
Resuming download is now possible
lo amo
When i minimize download is fail ..... plz fix it.....
Functioning well
Functioning well
Venevr I opn othr ap,it gets crashd n i hav 2 reopen it,m usn android phone,hav look on it,odrwise its osumg
I can browse freely....!! Thank you samsung..
I can browse freely....!! Thank you samsung..
Has more "steps" to complete operations. So the ui is mort quite as good as dolphin, but no glitches so far. Seems good
Quick, nice gui, many tabs which are easy to switch between,  nice copy and paste feature, etc.   Opera Turbo is useless however, its actually SLOWER
It work after period of time it forbid every.page
Indeed it's a great browser. My first choice whatever phone I use. Lagging so much on Intel xolo x900. Just needs some tweaks on x86 architecture. Please make it work.
Excellent at browsing long pages with skip to top/bottom option. Flash always handy to have.
Nice browser But the downloding will not continue after diconect the net conection
It bugs after updating nd browsing is not so gud bt downloading speed is gud bt nt gr8 dats y I give it 4 stars only
المتصفح بشكل عام جيد , لكن هناك مشاكل تظهر عند تفعيل وضع التيربو , حيث ان التحميل يستغرق وقت أطول وبعض الصفحات لا تظهر بالشكل الصحيح   لكنه بشكل عام جيد , وانصح به لاصحاب الميزانيات المحدودة في التنزيل
I like how everything works, but one thing that I don't like is how the browser automatically snaps to what seems like random edges.  An option to turn it off would be nice...
Plzzz improve itzz speed.....n it also crashes many of the time......plzzz improve.....adtr it can be one of the bst browsers
Merfff its ok, dolphin is way better though
Fairly quick and all the features you want I.e bookmarks,history etc. Are easy to access and no fuss, would be 5star if I didn't have to uninstall it because it froze so badly :(
Easy to use/user friendly
Can you make some private browsing? ???
Fasters browser....
Cool .. Simple .. But text selection aint smooth :)
Good app. Sometimes lags and sometimes disconnects. But browsing is overall good..
That's a good browser but it craches many times on my samsung galaxy s2! Please.fix it to take 5 stars
Its fast..
Using this browser from past 5 years!
I have no issues using opera mini's server side solution but when I use opera turbo, pages hang, take long to load, etc..
Still some compatibly issues on my LG MyTouch Q
There is no app close button. developers of google-Java apps. Due to the virtual machine environment of apps you need to remember to include window globals. users need the ability to close active Apps from the app screen. Draw the button our put it in the app cpanel,, either way code it or make it open source so I can do it myself. Its a five minute patch for any language so put it in.
cool
Its working awesome but i need a updates to works bettet than this
Just nice :)
Good
It used to be amazing but lately has been crashing like crazy on the Admire.
Cool very accurate... On fast internet. Pls make good for slow network...
Good!!!
I had to reinstall it but other than that perfect X
Now that theres no flash for jelly bean, how will opera operate just like old times with flash?
Why the hell you removed the mobile option for google search
Some
.. :) wooh
Simple and powerful to use..
I thouroughly enjoy surfing on opera den chrome
Love this app 5/5
Superb brower !
One & only the best and fast brower..
I can browse and download anything in very fast by using this browser.
I think it's the best browser, for many reasons, ease of use, tabs response, etc... BUT-i just got an ERROR when trying to access google maps during a search, opera not supported! Oh no! Hope that will change.
Hoping for more improvments in the future :-)
Best app for mobile web
It's really fast, efficient & doesn't crash. Only thing missing is a “web to pdf" conversion plugin. Kindly add. Also, when using Facebook, & trying to re-share a post, the share option is not shown. This share option is available in other browsers such as Firefox, & uc browsers. Please add. Then it will be the best mobile browser. I'll rate it 5 star then.
It's really fast, efficient & doesn't crash. Only thing missing is a “web to pdf" conversion plugin. Kindly add. Also, when using Facebook, & trying to re-share a post, the share option is not shown. This share option is available in other browsers such as Firefox, & uc browsers. Please add. Then it will be the best mobile browser. I'll rate it 5 star then.
good
Fast opera.
okay just slightly improoved
Overall is good on my SG-W. Love it, still using it right now. Only slow on  execute.
Nice ....wonder when I vil get to use a lil diff sumthg new user interfce in opera
Keep it up
Its good but pages dont appear sumtym... anywayz awsum app.... :)
in case of Google search when we go back frm any page it comes on Google's main page rather thn search page  please fix this soon  btw overall good work opera :-)
Size is too large
I gave it 4 stars because on my rooted Vibrant 1st gen it would crash upon opening then when i re-opened it worked fine. It did this the first 3 or 4times i used it but now it seems fine. I am running Ice Cream Sandwich on here and it seems pretty nice. Much smoother than the regular browser.
It's alright, but the double back button every time I've zoomed in and then want to go back is annoying. It's not as fast as Boat and doesn't handle gifs as well as Boat either. So. It's just alright.
Superb
Graphically gd..but can b more better And some more tech advance is needed
Do some new updates i know you can team opera :)
Aussum
Could be faster so I give it a 4 star
apps
Cooler Browser, aber zu viele kritische Rechte nötig
Works Good on the galaxy note...
It would probably cruch your touch screen
Update brings my tablet s working as it should, good job devs.
Goodd app...just need to fix bug from force closing app..but over all pretty good :-D
When I try to open the app it keeps taking me back to my home screen.
Universal browser
Give this nightmode while keep it stable like now. This will be the best browser.just imagine how many oled device now. Please add night mode as good as uc browser have.
I've tried them all and I've found Opera to be fast, reliable, powerful and stable.
Its gud enough bt lyk opera mini next wen we click d back key it should be dirctly going to d previous page without browsing .....
Really good browser.  Much better then chrome which freezes all the time.  I like it :). & it looks good.
Have been using this browser for quite a few months on both my current phone and an old android phone. Have really enjoyed using it but every now and then, it will just crash. Also have had problems with the loading of a website just hang. Asides is a great browser with easy usability. With some fixes, could be an amazing browser :-) Update: seems to be freezing a lot lately and have to force close frequently. Quite frustrating!!!
In malayalam....sangathi pora.....
The best so far, never thought I would give up the dolphin, 4 stars, no browser is perfect, but it is the best.
Really love it most of the time.. No doubt my favorite browser thus far....
And plays flash videos without any side loading and rooting
gre8 app.
ultimate
Running ok and quite fast
Fast and works good with Facebook Desktop version. My only real complaint is I wish I could turn off the auto zoom. It almost is enough to make me get rid of it. Very annoying
Works great :)
I really wish pages that opened from an intent would close when you hit the back button to switch to the originating app.
For many years this browser was the best one I could get.  Now it takes a few attempts to install on galaxy s1.
I live it. Well managed text reflow feature impressed me only ua feature can make it no one
This is the best android browser. I recently upgraded to asus transformer prime tf700t and opera does not work properly on it. Force closes, menus are too small, does not do screen rotation properly. Please add routines to query screen resolution and resize the app to look proportionally the same on all resolutions.
Used several weeks.  Fast and reasonably low battery drain.  But, once I opened a link from a site I had to refresh site to open another link. Pain.  Thunderbolt.  Uninstalled.
Nice app.....
I HATE that this browser still uses the prehistoric version of facebook mobile! The officiial fb app sucks, so i have to use my browser, and this is a poor alternative.
5 star
The only thing i hate about it is that it cant be minimised :(
The only thing i hate about it is that it cant be minimised :(
Its too   good browser
Fast, renders pages well (no oddities or crashes noted here) and sync works perfectly with desktop Opera. The only substantial issue is that, on my Nexus 7, everything pickable in the user interface (buttons, pop ups etc.) is probably about half the size it should be.
Konjam bug irruku da pota
Opera is by far the best mobile browser out there, but for some reason it often uninstalls itself from my phone for no reason.
Khob ast
Nice to be in access with internet with opera , nice on and must have it
Very good performance showing in my Sony experia neo l
Not bad ...but sometimes lagging ...
Should have option for locking screen in landscape view though.
Good browser
Nice
but it can be gr8 if it wuld have start downloading my activity and either i can exite it but it should not stop the process if downloading .. it should go on........... please do for me dis
Opera mobile doing very good on my galaxy tab. WebPage view very accurate. Helpful.
I used Opera first, then Dolphin Browser > Maxthon Browser > Boat Browser > and back to Opera :) You're getting better and better over the years, I can't assume it the best yet but you're close!
Cool
Have been fan opera since i first got a gprs phone. I have seen evolve.
it speed decreases when i download movie...it make me sad ovear all good.....
It can be better in layout - theme coz it was so old ya pls upgrade dude  Otherwise it was awesome
Best app for mobss!
Best browser
This is the only browser with userscript support, and has the best tabs for left handed use! Love the UI, fantastic browser.  However it can't be used with Google voice search, so I end up using a different browser most of the time. :-(   Btw, it would be good if restore last session (reload tabs) was optional as this can be very annoying.
Lovely browser bt wrkz better only on 3g connections
jai sri krishna
This app closes unexpectedly whenever we press the menu button. Except that everything is fine
Fast as hell. Really convenient. Only problem I have is that is doesn't load account pictures and won't let me "see previous comments" on anything. Otherwise great browser.
Easiest to use between android/sprint browser and firefox so im keeping.
I hope this browser will also always available for low end devices.
Opera mini sometimes crash,please fix it
But i just upgraded to jellybean 4.1 and this app doesnt want to open anymore  please fix it
grt features .....tries to give u feel of desktop while using internet ovr the phone....
Fast and easy to use. Light on memory usage as well.
Very good
One of the fastest web browser. But I have problems with changing tabs. Please it is really sad to have the best mobile browser and have problems with tabs.
Slows down after a period of use and still struggles with streaming flash content, unlike the standard android browser. Still has lots of promise
Best of the browser options out there but could have more privacy options available. The main reason I like it is the text wrapping. Also, how about a full screen option?
I was just wondering if it was my phone or just me but does anyone elses downloads stop around 150 MB? ??  Why does this.do this... And as well I can never find where downloads go in my SD card  But other than that its a great app... just needs a lil polishing
It's good and very fast Browser I gave 5 star for this app
This works very well on my 7inch ics tablet. It is much slicker than the stock browser and the chrome browser on this device.
Why don't have Rss feed    -*-
........
Opera browser will stay my fav browser throughout my lyf..:) But it must have android version of facebook..
I like it
Gud one
Better improvement Cant say too good Still needs to better
Great tabs, speed dial, and speed of loading pages.
Crashes alot Lagyyyyyy Consumes battery Galaxy S2 4.0.4
I like this mini browser.but lately its been loading slow and been crashing and I keep getting errors when I try to look somthing up.kind if annoying cause im not sure whats going on.
It works well for me. Easy to use and faster than dolphin and follows web standards with html 5. No flash but flash is dead so who cares
Nice:)..
Need botton to close the application
Really fast compared to some other browsers however I don't recommend download large files since it crashes often and. makes me mad
Always beat mobile browser :-)
On my device htc g1 2.2, turbo does not work prooerly.while opera mini works faster than this one.
Application is a winner. Lots of good  features.
Plz plz plz make it work in background. Some time while using it i get impt msg which have to be reply but when i press my home button of my cell and get back to opera it refresh the page and even downloading get cancel.  Leaving this prob everything going fine.
While downloading files, why does it replace spaces in the file name with "%20"? The other browsers don't come up with such an issue.   And please add the option of cycling through the tabs using the volume keys. And also add more such facilitating options..
Its good !
Nice too goood
The fastest saving data browser application
I can't install it !
Pretty good browser.... Better than other browsers like dolphin and mozilla But the original android browser is the best....:-) Opera has the best inbuilt download manager in a mobile browser till date
no comment
good
The best
its working.. bt slow..
Powerfull browser
Since the latest update I'm unable to start Opera at all -the screen is white and freezes - a minute later, it sends me to the home screen. I'm on Galaxy S2
Fast and good
Its good to be bad.
Exelent if I will use my wifi connection but when I use my network service 3G it's so sucks, good thing I have Wireless N Router 300 mbps
Good
Good
Not bad.. a lot of use in wi-fi
Thanks for the latest update
Only problem is it doesnt support download blazer,its own manager is good,but not for unstable connection.otherwise great app,great speed
FFS  IsaySTOP
nice
Now its very impressive and well maintain....
Ok
awesome browser
Opera Mobile is fast sleek and functional but has a few annoying issues. The first of them is that it appears to lack some form of formatting support that other browsers have. Pages like Google, Google images, Wikipedia and other smartphone friendly websites have a different and lighter formatting than when viewed in other browsers. Also when zooming in.on text the screen does not lock onto the text that has been reformatted by zooming. When you scroll down the web page moves around.
Recomended
It's nice app but sometimes takes so much time to upload d pages Or else fab app
Working nice in ma phn bt smetimes had a problem while downloading
Grt downloading speed ..
This is about the only browser that does not have incognito mode or something like that
But downloading is little slow
Overall a good browser, but can be slow to start. Also it opens up a new tab every time you use it and you end up with hundreds of tabs which you have to close manually. Flash content can be slow to start.
I luv it
Good
very fast but but its size is bigx
Pl include remember save path for downloaded file. and one touch exit button on the bottom bar. Other than this Its a Nice app.
Always good to me
Cool app
very nice
This is the only browser I use on my phone. It is much easier to use than the built in one and sizes the content to the screen better too. The only down side is that every time you start it our switch back to it you have to wait for the splash screen to disappear which takes too long.
karthik
Based on the popular Opera browser for computers, Opera Mobile is a powerful alternative to other Web browsers, and brings desktop-functionality to your smartphone or tablet.    With countless innovative features such as native synchronization of bookmarks (including the folder structure) and settings, a "turbo" setting for slow connections and a "Speed Dial" to access your favorite Web sites quickly, Opera once more proves why it is still one of the best browser choices available...    Opera still seems slightly sluggish (though this may or may not be related to the smartphone I am using, which has a notoriously small amount of memory) and the splash-screen on startup may frustrate some users, but there are plenty of customization options and Web pages load quite quickly - unlike most competing products, Opera also boasts an impeccable safety record, with all known security issues addressed far quicker than most competing browsers.    There's simply nothing better out there and after the last couple of Opera releases for smartphones, computers and tablets, it's easy to see why Facebook are rumored to be interested in buying the browser...
Great
Only problem after so long has to be re installed
Yay, the latest update fixed the Facebook issue where it wouldn't load the rest of the new feed!
Crashes alot after last update. Moto Electrify
Crashes alot after last update. Moto Electrify
good to use
I am very happy with its performance.but I can't copy it to my memory card so I can't update it.can you fix? If ...I will give give stars.
wen ii minimize it starts downloading from first .............
Its a good use but it carries a lot memory. Though, it is really good. It appropriates on myself
happp0pppppppppppppyyyuuuuuuyyyyyy
the latest update has fixed most of the crashes that plagued the older versions. its fast, has good standards support and a snappy ui. good job opera.
Doesn't support every feature in some websites.. such as Facebook notifications..
If this update al prefius setting is lost
Will give it a four star coz downloads wich r paused does not resume most of the time
No body reach opera love it
Renders like a champ ...but the new Firefox is looking pretty good after the UI update and speed/ performance upgrades..
Looks better than any other browser and handles great. Not perfect because out takes longer to load up.
Automatically my browser hangs after tat my browser has to restart! Plz fix the crash! N resuming downloads also crashes if I minimize browser al downloads wil get cancelled automatically. Plz the bug
Opera is a powerful but humble browser. Not many like it but it is the most popular mobile browser. And it holds its place!
Its ever goodest
Best browser compared to all.. Continue to include more features and in next upgrade add private browsing technology plss and download pause or stop to re continue downloads ..thank u..
Good
Good
Its the best browser i have ever come through..
Excellent
Awesome..!
Marathi Font can not display correctly
Good but some times it suck
I dont know how, but i prefer this than opera mini. Opera mobile faster than opera mini, i think.
Nice browser works really gud....
Excelent
Doesn't crash like dolphin HD has been of late. EVO 4G
Keeps crashing
Its good
Super
I av no prob. ,,,as I always use with WiFi...htc one x
Luv it
Keeps crashing when mobile network is on though works fine in wifi . Used opera for years on nokia but highly disappointing here. Opera team pls fix it asap otherwise a brilliant browser.
Why it opens so slow???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Why it opens so slow???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Get android stuff @ androrat
Vry nice app u mst download it and great speed for downloading.
Nice browsing speed.but,downloading fails at times..:....:.......
Few more miles to go before it gets perfect.thanks.
Good browser. It needs some kind of shortcut or gesture (maybe multitouch) for changing tabs quickly, it needs too many clicks right now.
Overall a good browser and downloader.
Better then stock android browser.
Go back to previous page is messed up now. Jumps 2 pages bak instead of 1. Why update something that worked fine?
Using Opera since symbian era, never disappointed :-) Guys can you please enable deleting multiple entries of history at a time. I do not want to delete whole history!
This nice and very easy browser
Seems to work better after last few updates,keep it up
Seems to work better after last few updates,keep it up
Very good web browser.
whenever i try to open another tab or a link it always vibrates so its battery consuming i already tried to disable vibration in my phone settings but it didn't work plz fix this issue but overall its and excellent app
Using I'VE on Samsung Galaxy S2 with ver.12 installed on AS card. Most recent Update failed to install.
Using I'VE on Samsung Galaxy S2 with ver.12 installed on AS card. Most recent Update failed to install.
Love it, has its moments but in general it's a great smart phone web browser.      Chris arc s
Updates seem to have made more stable. Fastest browser I've found for my phone. I prefer it over dolphin.
Facebook loading problem fixed but problems when posting a comment.  Fast and smooth.
It is beter than all other browsers
Truely great browser alot faster than excpected
Keep saying no connection with the server? PLEASE FIX IT!!
I love this browser on my tablet, but have trouble with images loading on phone.
Very good browser. I like its layout.
Much prefer Opera to any of the alternatives.
Love it's usefulness, works on anything the gingerbread browser can't handle
Opera mob<3 Jst needs a builtin flash player.
Can be better.
this one is better off than the last updae
It doesn't support Bangla that's why 4 stat
Everytime I go to the home screen after minimizing Opera, all the pages load again and the history gets deleted which means I can't go back to the previous page. Other than that it works fine.
Good for Android phones plz make faster download.
Ayos din. Jerick
At long last...this browser is usable again on the TF101.  It's considerably faster and it no longer crashes out to the desktop every 2 minutes.  Now...can you guys add some keyboard navigation support for us keyboard users?  You know..hit space bar, scroll ahead one page, that sort of thing?
Its nice but some time its not work while download it will better if it solve
Good
Good
GODBLESS U.Tanx.
Its slow.. But ok
Thanks for a good mobile browser.
Its a vgud app :)
its good
its good
Still the best browser for me...
Good browser. It is fun to use this browser.
Has been using since last 2 years. Truly Great browser. But After last few updates, it takes too long to open initially. Waited for improvement as I really loved it... ..  Now forced to uninstall.
But there's no support for the TerminalIDE keyboard enter key, like in Fennec beta. Please add it!
Tabbed interface is very user friendly. Saves on mobile data if you're on a limited data plan. Gripe: resource hog. Cached pages need to reload when multitasking/switching back from other apps.
it's been 2 weeks since I've tried to report to their support team that Opera won't work in landscape on my phone. I have just installed the latest update but Opera still closes on its own when in landscape mode. it's very limiting.
Good app
Its ok
Okay
Always performs good !!!
Mobile version of website does not render similarly to dolphin browser, chrome or android browser.
Good but not the best
its workers nicely in my phone. Good apps.
I've tried the stock Android browser, Chrome, Dolphin, etc. but so far Opera is the only one that reliably reflows text after zooming in. Would give a 5 if there was a way to restrict some of the permissions or a version that required fewer permissions. I don't like the fact that it insists on having access to your location and reading sensitive log data, although in fairness few browsers give you the option of choosing a less intrusinve version. Oh - one other thing - if you experience a problem with sites not being available: Switch off the turbo mode; it did the trick for me and it now seems very reliable.
Owsum web
Its nice surfing
But missing the 'save target' option while downloading
Nice yar aps I love it
No 'clear all' option under settings/privacy - need to delete all this stuff manualy one by one. Other than that - great browser.
this is good app for intrenet..
I like the interface with the functions easily available on the action bar (compared with Dolphin where something as simple as "forward" requires two taps, and the top bar disappears when the page is scrolled). Reflows the text when pages are zoomed (Dolphin doesn't). The Google search field seems redundant when you can search in the URL field; waste of space? And better documentation is needed; had to find out from a forum how to put a bookmark on the home screen.
Good
My choice on the galaxy tab. Merge the google search with the URL bar and add direct click when selecting from the dropdown of the URL bar.
Atractivo y simple pero no me agrada algunas opciones como el poco manejo de plugins. Ademas utiliza mucha memoria Ram.
It works good :)
xxx sex
But sir page loading slowly and font size is very small not manual adjustment plese I request take this consern my mobie sony live with walkman other is ok
I have tried all different browsers and opera stood out for me. The best feature is the auto text adjustment, only for that opera already beats the others.
Good
Good
Good
Good one i like it...
Put this browser on a brand new Gnex because I loved the Text Wrap feature but couldn't believe how it ALWAYS crashes on ALL Flash sites. It's fine if you tick ~ Settings/Advanced/Adobe Flash/Click to play or Disabled, but soon as you click the grey play icon on a flash object the browser will close by itself? I hope they fix this bug as I think Opera are one of the best...
Nice but crashes a lot
Awesome apps
Jt
Love the desktop setting
ok
Nic
Good browser
Restarts all over again when i swith apps.   Downloading stops when i switch apps.   Doesn't have add ons like pocket (formerly read it),  ever note nor dropbox
Low data usage. Dolphin is more stable with videos. But this is overall the best  browser.  Works well with fanboys adblock. Google opera mobile adblock. Superb
Itsgood
Don't know what happened, now it stats telling me that it can't connect to server on several different pages. Other browsers work fine. Even opera mini works on them.
Good but it can be much better
'Received a invalid response'
I'm having a hard time finding the perfect browser,,this ones real close,,what it lacks is private browsing(a must for the job)and a pop up blocker to..Its a no brain'r,,give  me a thumbs up folks so we can get these issues looked at
Like
Works fine,,,,,,
Jj
Good
just downloaded to my Moto razr maxx with ICS. Wicked fast and no issues at this point. Long time opera mini user since 2007
Every update is a killing this app slowly.. This was my favorite
good
This a nice app. .....But it is not good as i thought.....:-P
This a nice app. .....But it is not good as i thought.....:-P
Sweet browser! But I'm genuinely annoyed that it, for me at least, fails to display the comments section of my beloved websites Jalopnik and Lifehacker :-[
...has some troubles on some sites, for example on wikipedia mobile. ...after using it for a while, switched back to default chrome.
Nice works for me....
Mast hai ye
Just awesome
Still one of the smoothest browsers but please disable the menu button (3 dots) it doesn't do anything and is annoying on HTC one x
gud 1 n saves data too
Good for watching porn on
Jhaantu
cool application....!!...i wuld say the best browser ever made by opera...for android..!!
super
Previously, I used opera a lot but the  inexplicable auto-complete and inability to select and delete text in the address bar on ICS makes it almost unusable. Disappointing...
have to delete the history quiet often or else starts working slow
good but large memory
This is the beat way of experince in web surfing through android client, good job, but some lags and crashes have, but itz ok
yahh not bad..
yahh not bad..
Works fine... Doesn't hang like opera mini
Its my fav. But about downloading this browser lags as compared to uc browser. Downloading speed is quit good. I like you opera:-)
Fine
nice
Like it! We can log on to facebook!
Its a watse of time to download dis app
Browser for mobile this is good.
Sucks ....slow responsive....brainless app .....needs a lot of improvment...atleast for my wildfire...for now, get lost
Tik tok
I am using ICS, and I find this one the most reliable among the three browsers that I have. Rendering seems to be a little slower, but almost never crashes on me. I highly recommend.
it crashes a lot! The speed is quite high, but it hangs mostly these days! opera gotta fix this!
^_^
Itz nic ...bt  crashes aftr opnng more den 4 tabzzz
Has some problems (not viewing m.youtube videos etc.), but the only browser that lets me see gifs.
Fastest and the best. Very few fc's since last update. I also have opera on my wii so I'm operaed up. LOL. LG Optimus M
Great but need upgrade I like.
When I click a google link, then hit back button, brings me to start page instead of google search.
Love Opera on my desktop and now on my Android Skyrocket, too!
Crashing random times inconvenient, crashing alot now
Opera is probably the best web browser (for me, at least) on the Galaxy tab. The default browser on the Galaxy tab is so full of bugs, so that it becomes almost useless. Samsung and Google should be ashamed! However, Opera often hangs/stops at many web pages, and often cannot be restarted properly. Why are the android web browsers so bad compared to e.g. Windows?
I don't have any problem, it works perfectly
nine .
Sometime can't open images
Sometime can't open images
I use opera for about a decade, from pda/mobile to pc/mac, and i always recommend it. BUT this opera mobile on tablet has control bar (back, reload) on the top, and thats BAD. Stability is ok, speed is FASTER THAN ANY OTHER BROWSER. Flash is ok, not bad. Pages look natural, pinch zoom is AMAZING, even with pages with lot of elements. But I definitely can say that layout is nonfunctional. It would be nice if users can choose position of bars... Anyway, OPERA ROCKS AND ALWAYS WILL ROCK
It is best browser for my mobile but must be minimize option too. I can not run this app consquently with another one. Please fix this to get 5stars.
hi
Nice
good app
Best browser as far as im concerned,  works on more sites than dolphin
itz d coolest web browser
Good app
Please add download resume feature coz many a times downloading fails and u can't resume it.
This application is good
Takes up a lot of space still gets my first ever 5star
Love thish
Good browser then uc
Takes too much space. Otherwise, a good browser.
Nice
Better than other browsers....!!!user friendly but works slowly
Very fast browser - well designed
Reinstalling it but crossing my fingers it won't crash intermittently.
It's Very A Good Browser Specially With Arabic Support Thing Even If The Mobile Doesn't Support It's Very Great But It Keeps Crash Every Time 2 Tabs Or More Open At The Same Moment I Hope You Fix It In Next Version
Very fast browser
Cannot open frame with js. Low quality web source
Nice
Does not allow changing the browser language to anything other than the phones language.
Tried so many other browsers but this is the best by a long shot. I only have one complaint though: 4chan resets the theme style when I change it and refresh page. This is the only browser that does it too.
Bug in advan t2ci
Pioneers in browsers especially for handheld devices....
Pioneers in browsers especially for handheld devices....
Does what it says but crashes are common.
Please make the google page the same as the stock browser its like a pda version and it doesnt have search tools and the pull down icons for navigation
I use this on my laptop its amazing!
Good.
But lately trying to exit takes at least 1 to 2 minutes
Most stable and powerful browser on nexus s 4g.
Hi how it can do to brawser to my data todownloud opera mobile Sumsung Gaxs S II to brawser my account data Android
Sexes
Sexes
It's a nice app, but never loads images when I'm on Google and crashes when on tumblr. Fix please.
Very good, but interface could be easier & quicker to use. Switching tabs takes 3 clicks - too long, sorry
Nice app but with limited features...
i'm wondering when will opera add (user agent) like other browsers. cuz the choice between mobile & dektop ain't enough. hope to see other choices like ANDROID sooon. Also i hope opera would allow us to scroll with volume buttons.
Its a good browser my top 3 favourite choice although it crashes if more dan five tabs are opened
But not like before
I love Opera. It wasn't always this way, but the latest version of Firefox sucks. Opera is much faster and the interface is way better. It just needs add-ons to make it superb: Ad Block Plus would be awesome to have!  I used to preach the praises of Fiefox, but they just keep making it worse - they should have kept it close to it's Windows design.  Use Opera, you will appreciate its speed!!!
Well its good
So far I found nothing wrong with it and it is very fast :)
awesome
A good one
Plz speed up more opera mini browser in 2G network
Faster,lighter but not comment in web
Good app.... I like it..
Good app.... I like it..
Gr8
Very bad
I love this browser however since the latest update its been running my cpu so high my phone burned my hand a bit.please fix asap,Samsung galaxy s2
Nice.
This is one best browser in terms of consistency and reliability. But recently I end up following issues 1. Too slow to initialize 2. When I add startup short cuts on desktop user agent. It take mobile agent short cuts. I guess its a bug. 3. It cannot process my regional fonts properly.
Won't open on my HTC desire! Not good enough for this standard of phone.
Never had a problem with the Opera browsers.  They've always worked great for me.
I lb  Dylgarux
Crash and force close too often
Quite good but we need more thanks to opera
it was and is the best browser ever
Nice features but sometimes it looses connection
It lags like hell after update
smart softwre
Been getting a lot of FC without the FC notice.  It is behaving like on iOS. Just dumps me back into the homescreen.
Good
Nearly perfect browser app, but extremely inconvenient to close many tabs at once. Especially if you default to opera from the search widget. Tabs accumulate, and it's painful to clear them up. Please fix this
Great browser. Wouldn't want to use anything else.
Super mini, woks fast.
Like it So nice apps
Iam unable to open facebook from opera mobile pls do fix this problem
The clearest &best mobile  browser ever!!!but unlike uc browser this browser stops functioning and needs to restart  when the phone is refreshed.the downloading speed however is great and faster than any other. The worst part is that it cant resumed the downloaded appls.
Doesn't have an android user agent. Other than that, I'm very impressed.
There are some things gs that won't load properly.
da browsr s really fast but lacks of flash player
not bad
Cool app Easy to operate
Would be so much better with addons like Flash and AdBlock. Still a fantastic browser, way better than the built-in one. Does everything you'd expect from a browser - supports file uploads, saves passwords, has tabs, etc.
Good mobile browser. Wish it had the option of locking in landscape or portrait mode - Dolphin browser has this option.
It could've been better if it allowed you  to actually play Videos alone such as the regular browser.Instead i need to be transferred to the Youtube app to just watch them.Plus it doesn't allow you to automatically make images your background image.Until it reaches its update,these should be added
I use opera more than 5year. Opera is your better than any other browser and high speed .
Awsomeewee.....
I hav only two complaints........ It does not have option for setting user agent as android And does not show downloading task in notification bar..........please add these features.......and it will be the best one
Like it
older much better. newest make me harder to switch tab. bring back notification in downside!
Usable interface, crisp and beautiful design, only drawback is it's owned by megacorp.
Better than opera mini n default browser.
Coy
Good, speedy browser.  Fat better than default browser
Good, speedy browser.  Fat better than default browser
very nice but compatibility problems still interrupts the browsing experience
Only mobile browser which runs facebook without lag
This is the best browser by far. Looks great, runs smooth, and always loads pages pretty fast. The one complaint I do have is that when you press the home button and then go back into the app, it doesn't stay on the page you were on. Sometimes it'll reload it, but it usually doesn't at all for me. Have yet to find an option to fix this. Flash definitely works though. You just have to enable it in advanced settings. This app definitely gets my reccomendation. Happy surfing!
Better than on the Desktop
Good browser but needs stability like UC browser and fix closing automatically when running in the background
Its doesnot support indian language, for 5 star it improves bitmap font as well.
I love the automatic text reflow but it needs to have more of an ICS look and integration. The browser looks dated next to Chrome and Firefox.
Very good software
Opera my favorite browser from nokia n70 to xperia neo v :)
Opera
Its gud and easy bt it gts struck sme tyms........
Simply awesome.Just one request please remove the startup logo,its irritating.
Onek valo.....
Great app, but I can't view some web pages in full desktop mode, like the Android browser.
update??? need some more feature like "other neighborhood"...
one f my favr8 browsers..
It wud b d best if flash supported...
It wud b d best if flash supported...
Kik
This is by far the best browser for video streaming. I have tested many of the web browsers like... Firefox which is 2nd best Dolpine HD and Mini but these always frez up my phone causeing to kill this app.
I use this browser regularly, and infinitely prefer it to my inbuilt browser. However, when my battery is low, it opens so slowly I can't use it. It hangs on Opera Mobile for about 2 minutes, about 10 to load Speed Dial, and let alone any pages. I factory reset (RIP my progress in Temple Run), and now it's flawless. I recommend this browser.
I use this browser regularly, and infinitely prefer it to my inbuilt browser. However, when my battery is low, it opens so slowly I can't use it. It hangs on Opera Mobile for about 2 minutes, about 10 to load Speed Dial, and let alone any pages. I factory reset (RIP my progress in Temple Run), and now it's flawless. I recommend this browser.
luis you are an idiot. You set opera as your default. Either clear defaults or uninstall.
Good...,make fast internet.
Why would a browser will need camera access like every little stupid program wants to access the camera to take pictures and video.please take out whatever brilliant feature you are implementing to take picture
For the longest time oprah had been the best mobile browser. The two most important factors that set oprah side from the other browsers on the market is 1) the speed and 2) the desktop compatibility. Lets face it every now and again there are ths
But still only four stars... Tab management sucks currently, hard core.
Fastest browser out there! But force closes often on ics Stock Rom
It is the best among all opera browsers
It's perfect
I can't comment on facebook posts because there are no button to post my comments, and when I press Enter button it goes to the downline!
I like this app
Good
Absolutely a wonderful web brower! But it can do better once have the black function bar removed.
Very good always but get slow when something is downloadin...:-):-P
I love the interface and the fast browsing but just needs flash support then ill give a 5 star!
Good!!!
My favourite browser of all time!
pretty good must use
nce browser to be instal
As far as I am concerned with the comments about lag and freezing,Opera works just fine on my phone. The 1 star is missing as it does not redirect to the website's mobile version unlike the stock browser I am using. Afterall,this is a good mobile browser worth getting.
Wow
Great application but it would be 5star if it support flash,,,,,,,
Fast but fb doesn't show properly
Good android browser
Cant open youtube Problem with loading scripts Like cant open 9gag comments Overall good
above average
Good
Nic....
Good app
Very good n fast browser but downloads are not displayed in the download tab n it hangs for a few seconds frequently on my htc device
Opera best but downloading not good no couting speed
This browser is good but sometime it work slowly in my phone and force close....
Is it just mine or does it for everypage become formatted by Google if it is just me how do you fix it and if its not could you please update and give me a choice whether i want it formatted by google or not as i find it annoying clicking the link at the bottom of each page to view the direct page.
Great app, so far it's faster than dolphin
Hangs at the splash screen in perma-load mode.
My favourite browser, reliable, as good as its word, makes my life faster.
i am un able to open facebook since recent post
i am un able to open facebook since recent post
Good
Its good to open sites but when it comes to downloading portion. ...it is dull... Uc browser is better in downloading. Uc browser resumes video from breaking point....so i gave 3 stars.
Cool browser
Opera has no setting to change either the default save location, or remembering a history of saved locations.  Either one would work for my purposes, but having to use opera's inefficient file browser is rediculous.
Ok
Very good masu
Nice brow
Very good browser and thanks. Only one thing from making it excellent...you cannot change the name of the file that you want to download. 5 stars if this change is implemented.
vadddi vaali a
Just love this so much better then the default browser on mytouch
best browser i've tried
It really is awesome.... sometimes its slow but when it works it works excellent....
One of the best ways to experience the web
Like it its very fast........
Nyc
awsmmmmmmmm
I love opera I find it better and less annoying than Google chrome though I wish Google web pages were more like the standard layout for android instead of the Java script phone layout
As far as of the browser on my one x it kills battery.but opera has allowed me to browse the greener way.
I read Bengali in my opera mini browser.Recently I became interested in opera mobile and found that I cant read Bengali in the browser. In opera mini I used " bitmap fonts for complex scripts" option to read Bengali. Is there any option to do this in opera mobile from its settings?  I really need to sort this problem to stick with this great browser. Any help o r suggestions will be a great help.  Thanks in advance.
Great for watching porn even with parental controls FIVE STARS
You have to press the return key several times to exit. Pressing the exit button constantly asks are you sure. Many web sites messages areas at the bottom of pages are not even rendered. This is cr@p people. Going back to Boat Mini.. Uninstalling this garbage....
Like it
nice app . but plz update.
It is a nice browser. All over i like it very much
If it could support flash It would be the best browser and it is so fast Also could it support java
I lol'ed 396pt at html5test!! Better than my default browser at ics!!
Nice
I like the speed-dial feature. Other than that, it's a normal browser.
The app doesn't staying memory and the long loadtime with the Opera splashscreen sucks.
Great Browser
Nice software
Nii kiire on see fail
It usually works fine but there are times when it wud shut itself down.
Otherwise Its totally Cool.
It is the fastest browser. But I have some problem.  I tried forcing Opera to open websites Android/iOS version like on Google, Facebook by changing user agent. And it isn't supported. Opera display web incorrectly. Please make it compatible with iOS/Android version of websites, it has more functionality and looks better.  If I install another Thai Fonts like Angsana New, Cordia New. Opera(and also Firefox) will display Thai language by using these new fonts which is not appropriate for websites, but appropriate for documents. Please fix it to use only DroidsansThai to display Thai languages. This is not happening on stock browser and Chrome Beta.  Thanks!
...exception is screen space use (at least on my android 2.2)
Good
Worked great till latest update
What I like is the sync between mobile&pc, thats why I use it even if I can't input on rich txt forms (doesn't recognize input area)
Not perfect, but getting there
Its better than older version.
Its better than older version.
Its better than older version.
(See rating.)
Simply the best one for browsing desktop version websites.
But has trouble with some sites display
usefull
Flash support not der! Plz dont update it and make it worse!
The pop up ads are annoying, they always show up, very little options in the settings...  Other than that it's a really great browser. Fix the pop ups
Smoth work on my funbook Thanks devloper....
As always...
Som time stop working???
Goooooood
Goog
It's the best.
Fast downloading n browsing but please fix crashes and no flash plugin..............otherwise cool....
Good at everything except that the flash doesn't work while it works on uc browser which i hate too  much! And i have to keep the two browsers if i needed to see something that requiers flash
It is closing totally after any call interfering start reloading again
Used to work perfectly on galaxy s2 few crashes since i upgraded to s3. Only occasionly and perhaps ice cream sandwich support hasnt been added so il wait for updates to sort it out. Still best browser on market
Used to work perfectly on galaxy s2 few crashes since i upgraded to s3. Only occasionly and perhaps ice cream sandwich support hasnt been added so il wait for updates to sort it out. Still best browser on market
After last two updates, a lot slower and more resources hunger. HTC Desire
Looks good and nice and browsing is faster and convenient. But it crashers several times when I'm downloading videos while I'm opening other application. It's a five star if this could be fix.
great. i like most.
Why running slow nowadays?    cant able to go on site evenwith wifi
Yeah it work nice on my tab!!!
Opera is a good browser .
This as been my favorite browser from froyo all the way to ICS (custom rom).  It's fast, stable and smooth.
I like it
Good
Have tried several browsers, and had as many as three side by side in order to have different useful features available. Found that Maxthon has them all, and uninstalled the other browsers.  Maxthon is definitely tops in its caregory.
Cool
Cool
Cool
,hjk
very good browser and fast
Opera is working for me:) ,no complain, but i want dota game for android  lol plxzzxxxxxz
123456789def
nic browsr apps...good...
very very nice browser
Its an excellent browsing experience with the android mob and also easy to access the webpage
Awasome
Good upgrade. Now faster than before with less or no crashes on my android LG P698.
Nice.
Force closing on galaxy s2
Force closing on galaxy s2
Fast is the word baby!!
Dupar
Gud 1......0:)
Gud 1......0:)
Gud 1......0:)
Hjfffgj
Hjfffgj
Great browser!
It is great its better than the regular web browser that comes with the phone
No bugs yet, good app
Much better dn Opera Mini n Opera Mini Next Bt poor as compared to dolphin browser
Awesome
One of the first apps I install on any device.
Excellent apps
Good
Great App
G
best
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
Job guys :) keep up the good work*
I have been using Opera for a while and was relatively happy with it, until this morning when I realized that today's update to Version 12.0 deleted all my bookmarks and speed dials. That did not make me happy!
I have been using Opera for a while and was relatively happy with it, until this morning when I realized that today's update to Version 12.0 deleted all my bookmarks and speed dials. That did not make me happy!
opera is the design standard that all other browsers implement in some way from firefox to ie. the UI is just so clean just like the desktop version. the text scaling is brilliant... performance is not bad considering its relying solely on its rendering engine.....
V.v. Nice
The slowest browser i have eva used.. Do not download!!
Gr8
I've tried all and this loads faster than any other by far 'amazing'
Lovely Game
quite goood....
The best android browser for sure, running smootly, and browse fast. it works great even with a small resolution device :)
Nce one.....
love that
Too Slow Working
I love it
Very good browser
Fghh
Mindblowing good
There isnt much of improvment...
Nice to install it now
No.1
now a days whenever i use this software. after few minute my phone automatically vibrates and shut all the application.
Faster than all known browsers
Best browser among all that browser till i have seen.......i'm very happy that i'm able to use opera 12.0.4....
Best browser among all that browser till i have seen.......i'm very happy that i'm able to use opera 12.0.4....
Awesome web browser. Best out there
More reliable and better options/interface than my default internet explorer. Love it
v nice
I have been using opera back from the java and symbian phone days butThe thing is that there are fast browsers out there with flash gestures and voice command but opera doesn't support flash but iwould. Like u guys to update this to it
Super
Frs
Frs
I lyk it.......
sooooooo good <3 <3 <3 by khans
Its nice browser
Exclent app than dolphin
Very nice app
thinks
Have to force shut down  And sometime its hanged
Have to force shut down  And sometime its hanged
best browser ever i seen,only one problem consume lot of memory.
Still no crash handler on ics
Opera 12.0.4 sometimes got freezes. Get back to opera 11 is for sure.
Great job!!!!
I like it very much
good browser for Vodafone
Good
So fast
nice
Gg
H
One of my favorites.
Very nice
Very nice
Great
Good awasome.....
the best
Nt bad. . ..
Nt bad. . ..
Nice browser, used to use it all the time before the 12.0.4 version, but now it crashes, literally, every other minute.  Sorry, uninstalling.
Nice
Nice speed
Some one might see it crash, wipe data and restart Opera Mobile, this could help. Work for me all the time. I see it crashes only after flashing new rom.
Excellent
I like
Makes web surfing even better
Superb..
Asssoam
Plz fix crashes... :
Good
hands down simple sharp and fast
Supe®
thik thak hi h .22
Best for me
Best for me
Nice one
veyfast,smooth more usefull. opera is excellent browser.enjoy its world
Previously I had given it one star, coz it was force closing every time, now working good again after I reinstalled it I was using this app from last 11 months, never had any problem before, it's great, fast, have a nice UI, it's really a great browser...
Its not working in saudi.tell me  the resan
Great
Nothing to say but great.
Quite slow, very dark, not easy to use, and web page compatibility is horrible.
Cant upload pictures !! Otherwise superb,,,
Got organised tab browsing, high speed, great looks, and the most important quick launch bookmarks!
Better than FF or GC in android platform
5 stars for my favorite browser,,,
Good
Super software
Very nice
Class app
Class app
It's nice
Gooooooodjk
I've tried other browsers on my Motorola Xoom...  And this one has worked best, has been most reliable and has been pretty compatible with most websites.  Thanks & keep up the good work!
Wakaka
Its awesome chutiyapatti
The  best skyfire what
Excellent
And extremely compatible! :)
x
Good
Must install...
It is the super fast brower for 2.2 android. I m loveing it.
It is the super fast brower for 2.2 android. I m loveing it.
Opera just works. It's compatible with Flash, so videos run within the browser. Text fits the width of your screen, no matter how much you zoom in. Mobile sites are loaded first if one is available. I've tried Firefox, Chrome & Dolphin. This is the best.
best
Awesomeeeeeeeeeeeee
Awesomeeeeeeeeeeeee
Fast, clean, easy to understand quickly, well laid out. Can't say enough!
All it needs now to set it apart from other browsers is saving downloaded content to a nominated location.
It's cool
It's cool
Too good
Not bad
It's the worlds best android browser,it performs too good,it download nearly 8 tasks at the same time
It's the worlds best android browser,it performs too good,it download nearly 8 tasks at the same time
Greattttt....
Nice job.  Used Firefox for a while, but i really missed how this browser resizes text and reformats the paragraphs so i don't have to scroll side to side...back to this one.
Works fine.  Love it.
g
Fastest and most functional Android browser. Love it!
Fastest and most functional Android browser. Love it!
I haven't tried the new update yet, but I trust the devs of opera.
This is the best browser among all..
Awsome app I don't have to keep credit all the time And even low battery consumption
I like all opera browser    !!!!
Cool application
Cool application
Its good........
Every time best
Every time best
No words
No words
Ok
The best browser which I have ever used......
Best browser in android !!
I like this browser Opera super!!!
Try it
I like this software very much you should always update
This is a great browser. I had tried many others for Samsung Galaxy S III, But this by far is the best. I like desktop as apposed to mobile view, and this allows me to do so with minimal hassle. Thank you.
Provides destop like experience for high speed connections U will feel like a mini destop pc Facebook feels awesome ***But u need to install adobe flash player for flash files
veri useful and nice app.  sanjeev shrivastav rajakhera
Not sccuseful,very low qulity
Not sccuseful,very low qulity
I like it too much..
I like it too much..
I like it too much..
still buffering :(
No comments only compliments
Best browser in android market
......
Cool man. It very fast  very very fast
Cool man. It very fast  very very fast
tooo good dude \m/
tooo good dude \m/
i hope webpage crash report button add soon time, then you can solve crash problem, i never give up from opera  : )
Even aliens would recommend this! Awesome
Great browser but a little more precise it should be
Ok
Goods
Itz too fast browser  guyzz. Stylish nd easy to use......!!!!
Its really excellent applction.
Good ths
Good ths
Nice 1
Exellent
Doesn't work on my Android 2.2. every other opera works. But this one is a no go.
Great but not the best.
Zoom with 1 click is makes it better
This is the fastest and best browser for a mobile phone ever made
Pls note! That my android device faces flash bugs most of the time. Whenever I use opera mobile browser, after some time of use it shuts down. Stability problems are still not fixed. better to install opera mini than mobile.
My XOOM loves it. I love it!
its bloody g8 app :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Awosome
Runs superb and quick all images show unlike half of the browsers available,this is the best
no comment for this  software hehe
I decided to try this browser and found out by accident that it works great for Facebook. I was so tired of all the Crappy Facebook apps. I was able to make a bookmark icon on my phone for just facebook for getting to it easier while also having a regular icon just for internet itself. You can choose to have a mobile version of pages load OR the internet version. Awesome!
I decided to try this browser and found out by accident that it works great for Facebook. I was so tired of all the Crappy Facebook apps. I was able to make a bookmark icon on my phone for just facebook for getting to it easier while also having a regular icon just for internet itself. You can choose to have a mobile version of pages load OR the internet version. Awesome!
This is app realy awesum.......
Cool
Thank you devlopers
Thank you devlopers
I just added this app and I LOVE it!!  So much fast then the regular Internet that comes on the phone... Really hate that one!  Plus it stays on your phone and you can't put it on your sc card.  LOVE how this zooms in how when you start to type!!  So so so nice!!  AND SUPER SUPER FAST AND EASY TO USE!!!  LOVE IT!
I have used alot of browsers but this is the best :-)
I have used alot of browsers but this is the best :-)
Keep it up
Gr8
I like it :)
Text too big; setting make no difference.
Very nice application
Very nice application
Gelek xweşe/so nice
Great
Great
Sucks i find uc browser and dolphin better
Awesome apps.. Easy to use... Playing o9 game is fun
Po
Where Chrome and Internet Explorer fail miserably, Opera succeeds. Moves from mobile sites to desk top version without so much as bat of the eye.
best browser and work perfect'
Rly good browser.
Very smooth zooming and panning. Has issues with randomly restarting and not wanting to use its cache though. Needs offline browsing
Opera mobile is the best web browser
Best load screen bookmark access, better privacy controls than default
Nyc work,
Fast & user friendly
One thing i like the most in opera mobile is it does not take more memory in mobile if you have a mobile which have low memory space So for this reason this is tje best browser for me
Opera mobile brawser is faster than any other browser. It is multi-tasker & much more. Try it for ur pc or mobile.
Realy cooooool browsr.....
Good
Been using this browser since November 2011 and never updated till yesterday. Am running smooth, flash works, nice. Rogers Razr xt910 (Droid in the US). Very good browser.
Very gud but cannot dowmload long files
Nice apppp....
Love it!
Love it!
Whoooooooooooooooooppss
This is F#*¥x!?   UP!!
Very farst browser
Waw very neatly
No words to say
The best mobile browser. But sometimes it has a graphical crash that i think its from my tablet :-)
Great browser. Helpful apps.
Nice softwear
Thank you so much for this awesome piece of software. I am using Opera for desktop for 6 years now and really enjoy the benefits of synchronization. Thanks again  :-)
very nice for any mobile.
Good
Yea boo its sooo great doepy.
Runs files that no other browser will. Five stars all the way for that.
Runs files that no other browser will. Five stars all the way for that.
Nice application
very gooood
I love it
it was my favourite browser app but now it crashes more than any other app I have so feeling like uninstalling.
I am using Opera for more than 10 years. This is the ultimate browser. Very fast and very convenient.
It is best mob. Web browser. No matters what platform it is. I hv used it on nokia 5230,samsung b520 n now using it on my xperia arc s n on ipod touch...usin it since 3 years . Simply great.
Fast, easy to use, and reliable. If you use the desktop equivalent, this is an easy choice thanks to Opera Link synching your bookmarks/speed dial. But even if you don't use Opera on the desktop, this still has a lot to offer...
Great i use it to surf on the web and go to facebook because is more fast than facebook app. Great job opera. LG MyTouch
Great i use it to surf on the web and go to facebook because is more fast than facebook app. Great job opera. LG MyTouch
My favorite browser, but it has a few downsides. App starting time is kinda long, but not unbearable. Love the speed dial. Loads websites pretty fast too.
Excelent
This is a great app. 5* Star..
Heheheheueuw
Good faster browser
I spent the last few days looking for a decent browser for my tablet. This browser is the most sufficient. It makes me feel like I'm using a PC not a tablet.  Keep up the good work!
God
Something changed. I don't know what the update was for, but it now closes itself at random while browsing. Samsung Galaxy S3. Uninstalling.
Its a really excellent web browser...... its work very fast than another web browser....
Its a really excellent web browser...... its work very fast than another web browser....
Works great on my phone haven't faced any problems so far..:-s
Awesone
Llllll
Roksss
Always used this app, works like a charm!
Mast
Mast
Tanx opera for the application
I can't use my xperia x10i without this great browser every android user should have this app......!
No problems ever
No problems ever
Since I cannot get Firefox on my phone this one works awesomely.  Fast and way easy to use.  Love this app.
BULLET
BULLET
Good
good
Awesome!
very good
lo amo
When i minimize download is fail ..... plz fix it.....
best br
It's fabulous gurl  .
It's fabulous gurl  .
Functioning well
Best!!!
Very good
It's the best android browser.
Super web browser  and it install entirely on my SD 32G  mem card
Cool..!
A very good app
Lacks in download manager...
Soft, Nice ,Useful
Best among rest!
It works smootly..!! Very gud browsing speed..!! Best one..!!
This used to be awesome. But now all I get is "service is either offline or overloaded please try again later". When is later? Because this went on for months til I finally uninstalled.
Super browser saves my net usage and much more faster than any other browsers
I love thissssssss..ummmmmmmmmmmma
Fastest browser so far!
This simply by far the most remarkable software i have ever used.
Its so fast but not wark on full screen Bhavesh.....
Nice
Best software for web browsing i have ever useummmmmaa
Used to be best browser when on 3g  until last update . I've been forced to use the stock browser ugh !
Great
Opera is tha best browser ever but would better if downloads could be resumed like in uc browser
Super fast
Super fast
now rendering image is good and smooth
now rendering image is good and smooth
Awesome
Awesome
Excellent when on 3G
so easy to use and excellent download
Nieca
Great
super
Super Goooooood
Super Goooooood
What a gud aap
This browser supports many features that make browsing the web from a phone much better. Beats stock Android browser. Good app to have.
It has been fast and efficient for my job details. Tks for cranking up my speed.
The best
I have been using this from 6 yrs flawlessly. Love it.
Very  Good
╔═╦╦═╦╦╦╗╔═╦╦═╦╦╦╗ ║╚╣║║║║║║║╚╣║║║║║║ ╠╗║║╔╬╬╬╣╠╗║║╔╬╬╬╣ ╚═╩╩╝╚╩╩╝╚═╩╩╝╚╩╩╝	Joss
@Nbadreamchaser
This browser is way faster than my phone browser
Super aplicaton
Super aplicaton
Easy to use and more fast
Is super fast but kinda hard to use
nice
LOve love this app.
Best
Fudu ae
<3 it for 1st r speed. But need a option "save as pdf" which is included in mozila firefox.
Its faster on edge than my stock web browser on 3g..exellent..sony xperia u
A lot better than Dolphin !!
Nice
Works excellent
Works excellent
Uc browser , dolphin r much better comparitively........
Uc browser , dolphin r much better comparitively........
These application are very best.......
It would be great if there's another update
Good
Is better for normal browser
Fantastic
Awesome
I was using Dolphin HD for awhile but recent updates wrecked the interface. I have found that Opera is much quicker and smoother. Thanks guys!
Love it
niceeeeey..!!wooooooow!!!
Nice
Awesome.....
this was my fave browser but now it wont load anything
Its the best browser
The Best !!!
,
Super!
I could install flash player 10.2 on my optimus one and it worked and still works on the defult browser of android. But opera doesn't support it. My rom is cyanogen mod 7 nightly v7.2
Thanks opera. Default browser and dolphin browser don't compare
I've tried all the browsers on the market , for speed and ease of use this is excellent , very intuitive menu and well thought out .
It' s amazing........
Opera mini 12 is a great browser.
This is it
its very good appp and help us to browse us fast
Very nice opera
World greatest mobile wev browser
dgh
Best
i like it..
I like it must download
Its good but it crashes way too much fi it.
Greatttttt
The only thing can complain about is when your zoomed in you cant simply hit back to get to the last page which does not worked good with gesture control
awesome app.....can browse with ease and better than opera mini.......download speed will elevate...
awesome app.....can browse with ease and better than opera mini.......download speed will elevate...
V good
Cool very accurate... On fast internet. Pls make good for slow network...
Awesome
It is an awesome app....but it still crashes n makes my motorola defy plus restarts everytym. So i m nt gonna use it anymre... if it s fixed den may b i can.
Good one
fast... reliable app.
nice
Easy to use i am loving it
It more easy to get information when used opera mini mobile same like when we used computer's
It is so fast to download
Very nice
Very nice
How many of y'all actually use this to watch pornography?
Very nice
Very nice
good browser, more fast and simple than dolphin  good job  plus have a opera turbo . .  is the best . . . .
Text reflows after increasing font size & allows MANY open sites! Love it!  <3
hmmmm my favorite browser at last again on Android... 5/5;)
Good
Can't use google map in web.
Very best
That has very fast
After trying many browsers for my cancer-causing slow tablet, this browser made me satisfied for a smooth and lagless web surfing.
I've tried them all and have always come back to Opera. I've used it every day on my phone for nearly four years. It's always been much faster than the built in browser on my HTC Wildfire. Never ever had a problem with it, and would give 6 stars if I cud!
More eassy browsing and downloading
I was using this when I was in gb but now as I am using ics browser so I need it for data saving only.
Ggd
I love dick
Like a second computer when my wife takes all day on the computer
ok
It cool
Great app...
Very usful
Ok
Please my personal request to opera please add a feature to get the source of a page in a textarea upgrade "server:source" please Thank you
Very good excellent.
Really superb
Really superb
And it links with the pc version
Superb mobile web browser
works best over wifi network
works best over wifi network
Love this app 5/5
Love this app 5/5
Love this app 5/5
Very fast & usefull browser
Superb brower !
One & only the best and fast brower..
I can browse and download anything in very fast by using this browser.
I am using XOLO X900 with android 2.3 on it. Opera is running very slow on XOLO X900.
hope can update for an option which can let user to clear all history, cookies, form data and etc.
Thank you so much this app is amazing! So much faster than the original browser!!
Thank you so much this app is amazing! So much faster than the original browser!!
Good
This is the best mobile browser I've ever used. It differentiates itself from the competition with noticeably faster browsing speeds and an expansive bookmark tab layout that sets the standard for convenience. For this I have given it 5 deserving stars.  HOWEVER, in the past month leading up to the current date as of today, I have encountered numerous force closes throughout the day. In many instances, the force close took/takes no longer than a matter of SECONDS once page was/is uploaded. Plz fix.
Last version frequently crashed i think this version is lil stable
Last version frequently crashed i think this version is lil stable
Hoping for more improvments in the future :-)
Hoping for more improvments in the future :-)
Absolutely essential for use on multiple devices (PC, laptop, tablet, phone)
It's really fast, efficient & doesn't crash. Only thing missing is a “web to pdf" conversion plugin. Kindly add. Also, when using Facebook, & trying to re-share a post, the share option is not shown. This share option is available in other browsers such as Firefox, & uc browsers. Please add. Then it will be the best mobile browser. I'll rate it 5 star then.
I is awesome
okay just slightly improoved
.
.
.
I wanna congratulate Opera develelopers for giving us such a great browser,better UI ,attractive graphics made this browser the Best ever..!!    One thing i did not like, IT WOULD BE BETTER IF YOU LAUNCH AN UPDATE FOR EVERY OPERATING SYSTEM WHICH SHOULD HAVE DOWNLOADING SPEED COUNTER TRAY BELOW DOWNLOADS,AND OTHER ONE IS,DOWNLAODING SHOULD CONTINUES EVEN WHEN MINIMIZING OR SHUTTING DOWN THE APPLICATION Waiting for an update ,I hope the Opera developers will launch it soon.
Just awesome I dont have any problem
Nice
Nice ....wonder when I vil get to use a lil diff sumthg new user interfce in opera
Nice ....wonder when I vil get to use a lil diff sumthg new user interfce in opera
Like it
Good...!!!
5 star.
PRINCE
Keep it up
Keep it up
Works fine
Owesome
Owesome
Owesome
good app
<3
when i surf the fb,da thy luk sucks!but this browser is really fast!
when i surf the fb,da thy luk sucks!but this browser is really fast!
Size is too large
J J
J J
woooooo....
best browser
It's alright, but the double back button every time I've zoomed in and then want to go back is annoying. It's not as fast as Boat and doesn't handle gifs as well as Boat either. So. It's just alright.
It's alright, but the double back button every time I've zoomed in and then want to go back is annoying. It's not as fast as Boat and doesn't handle gifs as well as Boat either. So. It's just alright.
Ultimate browser
Downloading is slow ....
Really i hav tried this and its d best dolphin sucks lol
FORCE CLOSE on CM7! this sucks!! DL TODAY new  version AND closing every minute!! Koje  ĐUBRE od programa... bullshit,crap!
This is a great browser the fastest one and it solved the downloading issues i had with other browsers :) Just one problem...i only with facebook was easier to use like other browsers for example i wish it didnt have to open every status i click [like] on... Thats all..
I like this softwere
Ya suferfat browser this so good excelent very good
apps
apps
Supa cool
Gg
ok je
best app. but crash some times on specific web. galaxy mini. no hindi support.
best app. but crash some times on specific web. galaxy mini. no hindi support.
From scrolling, navigating, text reflow, all super smooth and awesome page rendering. Would love a 'close all tabs' feature. Also, option to clear history/cache upon exit.  And for some reason sometimes theres a delay when clicking a link to when the browser starts to process. Other than that, my new default browser!
However, the grey/black gradient is starting to get to me, would be nice to have theme options.
Very very nice....
Gaddar aa
Best browser
Awesome
Great
is jaisa koi nahi
Good job opera
Its supet for downloading
Hmm...this one better
gibjd
Beautiful auto text adjustment while zooming with perfect stability, never lags, never force close. Way more stable then dolphin, chrome or any other program   but  no full screen mode!! Five stars if added full screen mode for perfect viewing pleasure!!
Super fast
Awesome!
faster...
The stock browser was a disaster. I've been using this browser since owning a Nokia 2700!
Awesome
Wonderfull
Nice app. It cut some of my costs compared to other browsers.
Nice app. It cut some of my costs compared to other browsers.
The best browser
I'm a new user and hoping 2 learn more. From alex phiri. But it takes to much megabytes 13.96 mb. it's to much.
Really love it most of the time.. No doubt my favorite browser thus far....
Best browser on Android phone
It is faster than more................
Mast browsr hai.
Very nice but it force closes on my HTC.
wow......Superb..:-)
Its very fast
nice opera...........
no more fc.
no more fc.
Fast and awesome but youtube doesn't work...
Wowww.....
Wowww.....
It's really the god of mobile browsing...!!
Is a great alternative when stock browser does not render a page correctly.
it improve text while zoom
gre8 app.
BALLS!!!!!!!!
Best explorer ever
Running ok and quite fast
The UI is great on phone but not on tablet.  On tablet， have click twice to switch a tab and the tab icon is quite small and difficult to click  on nexus 7.
Good
Need reduction imposed unnecessary permissions also improved loading page, need to reduce the load time of the first screen, many Android users need quick and agile off the app whenever startup & using. The search engine still slowly processed, sometimes it crashed 2,3 times while browsing in around 1 hour. Every time i tried to open many many tabs, the app has been frozen expression and the page stopped loading, when trying to go to the new link is not aware of the application response. An additional problem is the app could not be completely exited to back device's screen when i used the Exit button, only a black screen appeared and it was frozen in more than 5 minutes (i have downloaded some files and suspend them before quit the app), this issues can be observed on Xperia Arc, Neo on FW404.
.
My favourite aftermarket browser
Simply the best browser on Earth!
Simply the best browser on Earth!
No words to saw
Extremely FAST, love it thanks
works great
Just like the real internet!!
Love this app
Other florio
Other florio
Most powerful mini browser. Everything what i need.
Most powerful mini browser. Everything what i need.
Most powerful mini browser. Everything what i need.
Love it
Works perfect
Good
Good
Is this best
Ghg
Asus Eee Pad & dock keyboard: best browser! You want a browser that isn't triggered by unknown shortcuts, this is the one. You blog and shop online? This is the best browser for Asus.
Asus Eee Pad & dock keyboard: best browser! You want a browser that isn't triggered by unknown shortcuts, this is the one. You blog and shop online? This is the best browser for Asus.
Domo domo !! Arrr
Very good browser
Very good browser
Simply wonderful.
Look
This app rocks
This app rocks
mast
Much faster...good job...
It works for me. Simple n efficient!!!
Good Excellent browser
Had updated the version, seems its better, created a new speed dial, it didn't load too long. I would say, Opera Mobile is a little better comparing Firefox, it has powerful flash and it's userinterface is user friendly. Yes, its download ability is slow, I think Opera Mobile isn't concentrate in downloading. Overall, good.
A
5 star. Super speed and awesome performance.
Crashes a lot but still the best!!!
Crashes a lot but still the best!!!
How to  disable bitmap in Opera browser.My phone have Hindi language and when I surf internet using opera hindi font rendered  and I cant see the hindi words clearly
Nice
Good
Mast
It's too much betar than other browser.
Best browser..
So much faster, user-friendly browsing, and no lag! I recommend downloading this then Dolphin Browser simply because of the speed and user interface this browser has. If you compare Dolphin Browser with Opera, you will see what I'm talking about. I once had my doubts downloading this but I really am surprised! 5/5
Best browser for me
Best browser for me
UHVCF H
nice...
Everything went back to normal and running excellent.
Good
awosome
Excellent
Sooo nice
nice one
Vry good
Tamam lage
The only thing i hate about it is that it cant be minimised :(
The only thing i hate about it is that it cant be minimised :(
It hangs all the time and has horrible permissions; something I'd not like to give to a proprietor closed-source app.
The coolest browser I ever had its reallly awesome appp.. .
Nice browserrrrr
its awesme....
its awesme....
Very fast and good
excellent
It is a best browser amoung other....specially galaxy y duos...
Hero
Hero
This is one of d best browser to any phone...
This is wonderful
This is wonderful
Opera is a great Web browser, especially for mobile devices.
Opera is a great Web browser, especially for mobile devices.
awesome app
Awesome
Hmmmmmm
This browser is almost 14 mb whereas others r not more than 4 mb but still do the job with equal potential. Why it is so big on mb space??#@#???
.. .... ......_.l.. ...... J.......l..........7.......... .................j..........i.. ..... l... ........i.....l.l.....8..:....--:...,|¡..
. ....
This is gooood
Good
Good
Very good performance showing in my Sony experia neo l
It is awsm web browser....... Go for it.... Feel it......
Good browser
Good browser
Mast browser hai
Good Galaxy y
Way better than dolphin browser.
I like that bird
Everything is broken after the latest update,  downloads,  speed,  crashes,  and everything else.  One more chance and then would ditch both desktop and mobile versions. Not acceptable from a reputable developer. As it was stated by others too,  high ratings are given mostly by Indians,  why?
a
Indeed  it is a very awesome  browser.
Mytouch4G awsome browser for mobile
Exelent
wonderful,great,try this
A very amazing browser especially with the data compression feature
A very amazing browser especially with the data compression feature
work fast than older
It's exellent.....:-)
Good
Good
Good
tk
Nice
asume
I love to use it... Great desktop version..
It doesn't matter what other browser I try, I always keep coming back to Opera.
It's very slow , won't let me download anything , it used to be great but now. ..
Good very good
I've tried both Chrome, Firefox and this one on my smartphone and this one's my fave by far! Fast, simple and easy to get used to and doesn't consume much battery power.
Surf the web as if you were on wifi, blazing fast!!!!!!!!!!
Ok
Awesome browser, best one on the market!
Have been fan opera since i first got a gprs phone. I have seen evolve.
Excellent
I don't know why it is so hard to get a stable, enjoyable browser on Android. I understand programming is hard, but, this does work so much better for Facebook and bank of montreal online than the ICS stock browser, so 5 stars. Edit: I almost forgot to mention the incredible GUI, it really is a nice looking browser.
It can be better in layout - theme coz it was so old ya pls upgrade dude  Otherwise it was awesome
Best browser
Opera is always my favourite. :-)  @   R.D
Good but sloweer...
Opera web nice wab browser i like e8
good
It dec the quality of page and i dont like its ikon
Great browser
Great browser
Ya itna mast hai ki is main computer ki tareha kolta hai fado
Ya itna mast hai ki is main computer ki tareha kolta hai fado
Good
Some features are better than uc web and dolphine
The default fonts are WAY too small on a 10.1 tablet and I can't find a setting to fix it.
Nive
Good
Much much better than stock
New update made it the best browser in google play!
This app closes unexpectedly whenever we press the menu button. Except that everything is fine
Awesome Browser
i like
Its great!fast and easy! Worth installing
No comment. This is cool app.
Oww..
Also works for Arabic. Thanks yall
Fast
Frequent sudden abnormal exits.
Excellent
Opera synced my speed dial page & bookmarks instantly! Super-smooth website navigation with all the customization that Opera is known for.
Google chrome speed equal to opera.
I think opera is one of the best browser.
Awesome browser
Love this apps !!!! Great job!!!!
Goood
Terbaik..
First I have only browser which can't download video.now I can download video and song
Excellent speed ...
Good
NICE
g8
The no.1 mobile browser without it my mobile is like empty
Excellent
Excellent
Awosame app
Fast and easy to use. Light on memory usage as well.
Fast and easy to use. Light on memory usage as well.
Grt browser ever....
It is the best and fastest browser of the world
Very good
Suprb
good sh1t man  opera 4 lyfe
Best browser for android so far. I'm using for more than 3 years. Regular updates.. Awesome!!
Best browser for android so far. I'm using for more than 3 years. Regular updates.. Awesome!!
Love it
Following nice traditions since Java times.
Really improved
Supper
Great browser
Almost perfect and flash work unlike dolphin or chrome.
Slows down after a period of use and still struggles with streaming flash content, unlike the standard android browser. Still has lots of promise
Dis is the bst brwser ive ever used on my mobile......truly
I like opera cine...
Rapchik
It's good and very fast Browser I gave 5 star for this app
This lil powerfully proffer Rocks.
Great app...
Very nice n fast like my gf
I like it
Flash destegi var eger cihazinizda flash var ise ayarlar menusunde flash ile ilgili bir bolum olur...
Used opera in my old nokia. Being using this in my s2. Just Did a hard reset and this was one of the very first apps i installed back again
I've been using Opera for a long time now, and it still amazes me. If you're using any other browser,  I suggest you switch to Opera immediately.
Very good browser it is
Nothing else to say:-)
Great browser ... been a month and still very fast... awesome
I like it very much
I like it very much
Ratio
With the latest update..I no longer care about chrome not bring there for gingerbread devices...its fast,its got a great ui and gets the job done..come on guys,work on an opera sync too..
Good
It's really awesome app. I love it.
It's really awesome app. I love it.
Very good
Great tabs, speed dial, and speed of loading pages.
grewal
awesome....
(:
Bekarr
Easy to use
Superb quality mindblowing
***** Never crashed *****
***** Never crashed *****
Once again, the app is back to normal. It works fine and loads all links open with minimal freezing. Thanks!
Good
Faster than the opera mini web browser. Cool.
Fvgxbcdbv ggjfbkfgjhffgdeyjhgdfgdfffdfhiyrwtgkokvswfvhugfgffgggvgvgrregjgdfgjkhcghfewruukooyhgbkgjgvxlçgbchgggolbhhggggxgjvdetioogvgfivfghffhhxhvfhhhxhgsgbbjgdhbcbgdgdwfjhfncbkkkjvcbvchklhdrgvbnjfddggcbhcfghbhgtghgfggggffnjgfdgjhhhhgfghghhhhhhggggggggggvkhgfgljhgghhhfghghhggjkgssghngfgjvdsgjgddhbgdghvcxvbnmbv cvcxvbbbddhkkudwfgbv mlolgdsxbncckgxfnhhhhggdvkjgcswclkxfvkgfrswghbgffgbhgrfghbddrjkbfsfbbhgdggjjfgbkogdegnlnvdsfvbjjgyhvdfghfsegjibcscvjhdejkgsdfvjkgdddhkjhgffddddbhjhgrsqdcfvvbhhbfdvbbmkpbvvvxfg Fjvh
I am a big fan of Firefox but for some reason it doesn't work well in my mobile. Opera is fast and easy to use. Opera has really proved that when it comes to mobile, they are the leaders.
Quá ngon
This is faster than Opera Mini.
excellent..good.
Appp is good for porn
Best browser for android out there.
Its very good web n its very fast.
Opera is sexy and it knows it!
good
Ok
Nice best broser
很专业 很稳定 很好用
lupit...
If anything interrupts the program (sometimes cell phones receive phone calls) and Opera closes while you're doing that, that long forum post you were in the middle of is now gone.
Very bad baffd.
the update crashed on my xt530, please fix it.
nice nice
ดีค่ะ
Great app. Very easy to use. Thanks
some time it stop
Size... Plz reduce the size. Its taking 25 mb of my phone. Android 2.1 no app to sd.:'(
Please.
WWW this browser is so much better the waar you have on the SGS3
Great so far...
Its toooooo fast
I tested 5 different browsers on one website (marvel)  and Opera was the only browser that would load and navigate the site. Ever other browser would crash before it would load the page.
I tested 5 different browsers on one website (marvel)  and Opera was the only browser that would load and navigate the site. Ever other browser would crash before it would load the page.
After last update, work only on wi-fi. Fix the bug, please.
I love all operas
awesome
Gg
very nice work on galaxy y.
Very fast browser
Anyone who browses the web on a mobile device needs this browser
New update is super fast, all of you download
Diz is a cool application...ppl complaint to much is not like you paying for it.... Kerp on the good work opera...
Everybody who is saying the update screwed it up. Did for me too. Reinstall it completely. Sorted mine out. G note
Still updating well see
Still updating well see
Awesome
It's okay :)
nice opera
Osam hai bidu
věry wonderful and much better than.any other app in android market
Ok
I strayed to the dolphin browser and found my way back in no time, there is no replacement.
Just awesome
This is such a amazing app......
The best interface and features. It runs silky smooth on my dual core phone. And it always remembers my recent sites with those awesome tabs. Highly recommended!
Nice too goood
Its a very nice browser
The Browser. Hands Down
I would give it 5 stars if it didn't crash so often. Also most of the time when WiFi signals are coming it doesn't open any page while other browsers open em. . Could do with a new update. .
I hate those who give less then 5 star :)
Doesn't freeze, imports bookmarks, great browser.
Really. Fast
The fastest saving data browser application
Thanks you
Thanks you
Opera is one of the best browsers I have ever seen.
Love it , Fast & Easy
Good
GOOD Pinch zoom and word wrap is great! BAD Can't import bookmarks from stock.
A va thra tak em
Nice browser
no comment
The only browser that correctly opens and displays all sites I need to view. A mature, stable, intelligent mobile browser with superb tab management, makes mobile browsing fun again. Wish I tried this first, instead of wrestling with the other browsers.
Kill
So so so fast:)
not good to be bad
its a nice and nice browsers such a brilliant
its a nice and nice browsers such a brilliant
Awesome
Good job
Good job
I find it fine
This is the fastest browser I've used in forever, thank you Opera Mobile!
Owesome
Gud one...better for mobile devices...it works superb in my sgs2:-)
It is indeed faster than my web browser. Some sites are much faster while some are just a little faster. I also noticed that ads on one of my favorite sites now scrolls down the page as I scroll whereas before it was stationary over a certain portion of text and I would have to waste time to manually remove it.
nice one
Great music keep up the good wrk.....
Great music keep up the good wrk.....
Great music keep up the good wrk.....
It's so fast web browserr..try it frnds
Used opera mini..now im.shifting to opera mobile..
Nice
Csrtyyghk     Ggsfuhjjjhhh
This is great web browser.....
Exelent if I will use my wifi connection but when I use my network service 3G it's so sucks, good thing I have Wireless N Router 300 mbps
Good
Good
Good
Superb
Opera browser is one of the best web browsers out there. It have a lot of settings (thanks to "opera:config" command), and it quickly shows web pages, sometimes little buggy but it gets better and better.
Try it..
Opera is Opera
Good browser
Good browser
you can download from any site is best part of this browser
itzZ r3aly a vry nyce br0wsr
I had this on my phone before. Did another install now getting forced closed errors. Was working fine until I got an update. Wish it was working. I don't like the default browser which sux.
simple the best
This is a good app makes my Phone smarter.
Its faster than my original web browser
This is definitely the best browser I've seen. It blows the others away. Faster, more convenient, and easier to use than any other. I tried dolphin, and frankly it sucked. This is a must have for all android users
Fastest browser on android. Works great ,there is one thing u should update, its downloading status bar ,  it stops downloading on minimize , plz update it soon
awesome .......
awesome .......
The first thing I do after a phone reset is installing this app. A must for Android users!
The first thing I do after a phone reset is installing this app. A must for Android users!
Works beautiful, needs Flash support, but still amazing!!
Very fast browser. Buttery smooth scrolling and flash loads very fast with no hiccups. A lot better than the slow default browser. Well done!
Good
Compared to all of the other apps for internet browsing this is by far the best.
I used Boat Browser for the longest time, but it's OPERA that runs so fast and so smooth on my HTC One X! Therefore, I had to send the Boat out to sea.
Best search engine
I needed to download my insurance card as a PDF file from my insurance website. For some reason downloads with other browsers failed but not with this one! Unlike Dolphin, Opera must use a different technology from the one stock browser uses. (at least when it comes to downloads)
I needed to download my insurance card as a PDF file from my insurance website. For some reason downloads with other browsers failed but not with this one! Unlike Dolphin, Opera must use a different technology from the one stock browser uses. (at least when it comes to downloads)
I needed to download my insurance card as a PDF file from my insurance website. For some reason downloads with other browsers failed but not with this one! Unlike Dolphin, Opera must use a different technology from the one stock browser uses. (at least when it comes to downloads)
Its very fast........
Its very fast........
The only one which fit text even with manual zoom. Perfect and clean UI  Uses the font u choose in web pages not the default system one.
Nice.
I like
Exlnt.......
Nice
nice
the best
Opera Mobile is fast sleek and functional but has a few annoying issues. The first of them is that it appears to lack some form of formatting support that other browsers have. Pages like Google, Google images, Wikipedia and other smartphone friendly websites have a different and lighter formatting than when viewed in other browsers. Also when zooming in.on text the screen does not lock onto the text that has been reformatted by zooming. When you scroll down the web page moves around.
My favorite browser. It beats Dolphin and pretty much every other browser I've tried. Fast, smooth, comfortable web browsing. Love it.
Good
Good
Recomended
this is very faster and greate
:-Do_Oo_O:-Do_Oo_O:-D:-D:-D:-D:-D
Gooooooooooooooooood
Best browser i have used till now its more speedy than uc
to close the tabs u have to prexx on the x. but when u press in one yhe oyher one starts automaticly refreshing. this is so stupid. opera u should fire tbe guy that decided such a stupid thing
Awesome. Really great.
It is very easy to surf and download
Recent update crashes problem
Quick, displays the pages in a way that looks good and is easily readable. Double tap to adjust text format to screen width.
Quick, displays the pages in a way that looks good and is easily readable. Double tap to adjust text format to screen width.
very fast & great browser for all networks
very fast & great browser for all networks
Hung yen !   ..
Hung yen !   ..
O
it is faster browser than opera mini in galaxy y
It is better browser
It is better browser
Fine
As perfect as its PC branch, which made me a fan of the browser in late 2006 to this day!
Had a few other browsers for a while. This is certainly my favorite. Multiple tabs, easy to use just as my desktop computer, and I enjoy browsing the internet with browser.
الافضل بلا منازع
Love love love this browser!
Love love love this browser!
Awesome browser for mobile phones.......
Fantabulous
some time it's hang. but awsome
Ggrvchdh
Well done opera team awesome job. Smooth opera ux on galaxy y is unmatched.
Great,fast!
Great,fast!
Not bad....
Mine wont even let me  open it before it crashes. It needs to be fixed.
Very goodu iby  B
It Freezes completely on my Cube U9GT2 on ICS 4.0.4...
Best app ever
Waste of time old one is nice..........
Having been using stock gingerbread browser for a year i decided to changr browsers. I tried all browsers and went for opera 12 because it is fast simple and the easiest to use.
One of the only browsers that handles text wrapping well.
Very gud Internet Browser!
Excellent browser..easy to browse..faster than others..
Everything is superb, except one and that is the google search option should be broad , so that we can see the options clearly
It's very slow in 2G.
Mast app for net
Mast app for net
4 Samsung Galaxy Y Opera mini is best.
i use it every browsing.. no other :)
I like It...:)
Very nice
Very good browser
verrrrrrrrry gooooooooood
king in mobile market
king in mobile market
Cool app
It's a good softwear
I like it
Must
Load pages fast and can be saved to read later :)
Work faster
Work faster
Tried all browsers.. This is the best.. But for mobiles..
Gotta keep it going
I absolutely love this! My normal stock browser was so slow and did'nt respond at times. Then I install Opera! Fast slick experience that is 100% FREE! I recommend this to everyone! Hands down, one of the best browser I have ever used...
a suggestion, add something like a floating browser... so you can use with other things, mainly for tablets
Cool
very good
How to download adobe flash player
Kaint.....
its superb
App crashes...
M
Super..
Everytime I put my keyboard away on my HTC Velocity, it freezes the screen, as well when I enter a comment etc etc. Only does it with this browser, other browsers don't do it.  Fix that sh*t.
It just works better than all the others, and has everything you need :)
5***** love it 5***** love it
The best mobile browser... It beats desktop FireFox on html5test, has  Opera link, turbo, can browse files, open vectors, and still runs on my Spica.
Just awesum.. Very fast n lovely to browse..
I like it.
Not a bad browser I would say better den othr browsers I used
good to use
f9
Not good
Its great
Love
Simply super fantastic and useful
So easy and fast love it
latest update fixed the facebook desktop page. nie it is diplayed correctly. "more stories" is loading and the screen doesn't  always scrolls back to the left in messages. great! here are my 5 stars again.
Beond imagination
great.. very versatile
great.. very versatile
Exeeelunt big siije
The application is not working on galaxy s1
Its an awesome app for internet browsing... i dig it big time
Really great for weheart it and saving photos
You can't even do a javascript countdown. BULLSHIT
You can't even do a javascript countdown. BULLSHIT
You can't even do a javascript countdown. BULLSHIT
You can't even do a javascript countdown. BULLSHIT
Galaxy s on ics 4.0.3...  crash after 1 minute usage
the latest update has fixed most of the crashes that plagued the older versions. its fast, has good standards support and a snappy ui. good job opera.
Easy to surf
Awsum browser....best of all.....!!!!
This Browser is a very nice and well designed, its results of downloding is best....thanks Opera
I like tab systemm
UI isn't as nice or flashy as maxthon, dolphin etc...but it's the most responsive and quickest browser. Used on crappy old sony vivaz, galaxy s and now desire s
just fantastic
fast n furious
Fast superfast Bakwas
This is the fastest and most reliable browser I've tried.
Man:
Super
Awesome application ever
After new upgrade I really like it still I have not try chrome
faster downloading than dolphin
:-)
Excellent.very good text reflow.but clear data option on exit and customised home page option needed.
He'll yea
easy to use...... but unable to download file..
Nice
No body reach opera love it
No body reach opera love it
No body reach opera love it
Fast!
The old one was nice..... Bring on new updates fast.....
Super Cool....
V
Its the worlds greatest broser for mobile phone guys .....  On opera i feel like i browsing in pc it is able to open all the web pages  ... Which is so big or small   it is very help full to carry internet in your pocket    ......
Automatically my browser hangs after tat my browser has to restart! Plz fix the crash! N resuming downloads also crashes if I minimize browser al downloads wil get cancelled automatically. Plz the bug
Automatically my browser hangs after tat my browser has to restart! Plz fix the crash! N resuming downloads also crashes if I minimize browser al downloads wil get cancelled automatically. Plz the bug
Lover your work!
Awome mobile browser very fast
after recent updates gives error "protocol is not supported" on some sites..before updates they worked fine
Best browser in the World!
Nice
Nice
Hello this is amazing
Fast brower that does its job well.
Great
Very good job, thank
Everything about this app is just so amazing!!!
Dhashu
Dhashu
No issues with it. Recommended
Awesome!!! Update improve my experience on SGS+ CM9 modded
Good
Good
It work's real good I use it on my android
opera is very nice and excellent browser.
Its a good browser, since i used it in my nokia. Good job!!
superb
superb
Awesome..!
very gd
Its good but not the best,:-(
Its good but not the best,:-(
Ok
Best for android
Superb
This is best browser for browsing. And it's speed is very good. I like it
What i know about this browser is that its works perfectly :) better than any other browser :) beautiful format . I did everything from this
Keep up the good work
Works superb
Grt
But stalls opening bookmarks after closing sites. Please fix issue as really does not open web pages
Nice app !!
Yaar kya speed deta hai
Best of best
Its like desktop  As if I'm browsing from my desktop
Gud bt smtimes it realy sucks
speedly it works...i like thiz speedy
Easy,simple,handy.....
Really good and fast
Opera,s the best needs java
Make this app much more fast..
Been using this on my galaxy tab 7.7. Forced closed after updating.
I'm Lovin It. ... htc One X
Best web browser on xperia pro better than chrome and Firefox Must have
Multi tab bliss!
P3 from India
much better than chrome. pages load in full like on pc and so far nothing has frozen on it. exit button a nice touch too
A
Good
Not bad, but I preferred mini :)
Always helps me found something :))
Always helps me found something :))
Always helps me found something :))
Super fast
Works fine for me but opera mini is a crap. Always crashes
Works really well!
Perfect
attttt ji
I love you so much!
Tghy
Recommended.
<3<3<3 Opera
Excellent
Perfect :D
One of the best app.. Works good in my mobile..
No complaint st all perfect for mobile browsing Galaxy SIII
Scores 100/100 on acid3, has an option to set up a proxy, simply said - a great browser...
สุดยอด
Pages open in overview so constant zooming needed. Other quirks...asks if I'm sure that I want to exit. Uh, yeah that's why I pressed exit.
5* app.
Lastest version works well but sometimes it crashes otherwise its awesome
Amazing browsing speed
Awesome awesome app for internet browsing.
I have used both the browsers opera mini and opera mobile both r good but for downloading something opera mobile works faster than the opera mini
pretty good
Kaimz
perfect
Simply brilliant!faster than the rest browsers,nice tabing system and sync!
Best
Just plain awesome
Ive been using this for 3 years....getting better and faster!:-)
Launch problem..when launching app from home screen it automatically closes as soon as launche
Very nice browser for samsung mobiles...
very faster & better
Excellent browser. Simply the best.
Excellent browser. Simply the best.
Good
Hahaha ;)) Crazy)
Automatically crashed closed when downloading 4files 195mb each with fast 3G connection
Nice browser
Awesome
Good
Terbaik¦¦
A rom locked my phone but using this I managed to unlock it! Forever in debt!<3
A rom locked my phone but using this I managed to unlock it! Forever in debt!<3
A rom locked my phone but using this I managed to unlock it! Forever in debt!<3
Nice opera
I use net banking only in opera mobile and i have never been unpexctly sign out from my net banking page. This is realy best app for net banking
Malayalam font is not correct otherwise I gave you five out of five
go go go~~
This is the fastest browser app for Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) hands down, but needs some off Dolphin HD's AD-ons! I like it(Opera)on my Nexus 7 better then this phone!
This is the fastest browser app for Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) hands down, but needs some off Dolphin HD's AD-ons! I like it(Opera)on my Nexus 7 better then this phone!
k
Awesome browser
The best web browser !
Recent update is just amazing!!!!
The best browser for Android.
I used Opera a lot for browsing with tablet or smartphone.
good app
Overall a good browser and downloader.
Overall a good browser and downloader.
Previous reliability issues have been fixed, as good as it get now!
The app is good from one point however, I've got other browsers installed top.
...formidable...
...formidable...
gokil dan lebih cepat dalam mengakses web ..
Please improve like dolphin browser
If only they support indic fonts, like opera mini did, I will give it 6 on 5.
Have the asus tf300. The stock browser crashed non stop! Drove me nuts! Since i installed opera fixed everything... was trying to player search on cbs sports and would crash every time. Now works great!
yes yashu , president of indian national lokdal likes opera and states that it's really nyc
My default web browser
Great app works well on fb but loads pics slower without wifi cant even use google. Dont know why. But over all good app. 5 stars.
Go back to previous page is messed up now. Jumps 2 pages bak instead of 1. Why update something that worked fine?
Using Opera since symbian era, never disappointed :-) Guys can you please enable deleting multiple entries of history at a time. I do not want to delete whole history!
awsme
This has got to be the best mobile browser around! Some will disagree but ive tried so many others and it is perfect for the Atrix 4g!
Takes lot time to open wikipedia page!! Better to use android browser than this!
Sync works perfectly, love that I am able to sync speed dial, bookmarks and open tabs across my 3 devices. The speed dial feature is my favorite, use this more than bookmarking.
nice app.
Can you add an option to close all tabs?
The newest update works fine on my Samsung Galaxy tablet!
Best web browser for torrentz use.....
Best web browser for torrentz use.....
Mahol
Good job
Always the best!!!!
Always the best!!!!
Very good web browser.
Best Android  browser. Flash support, saved pages, bookmarks in alpha order, text fit to screen & cut & paste that wipes the floor : Smooth, stable!
Love this browser.
Love this browser.
Love it, has its moments but in general it's a great smart phone web browser.      Chris arc s
slick browser. Nice interface. Bookmark sync is great. Once it used to crash regularly, but that has gone away since a couple of updats ago.
The most standard complient you can have for gingerbread devices
It's Real Fast!!!
superb
This is excelent for every thing
Dashing
I have turned on opera turbo but my data savings show as zero percent?
I've tried many and Opera just works
Love it
Very good browser. I like its layout.
Please update your app to conform to Android 4.0 user interface standards.  Your app is wasting screen space for the soft menu button.
Much prefer Opera to any of the alternatives.
Love it becouse its fast and lets me watch thing's I couldn't before :  ,
But it's very slow.
Great app! :)
Along with mini for even more data saving, the best mobile browser.  @Ken: you need to close the tab/page to stop that behaviour. It's great to continue where you left off. Default android browser is more annoying than this.
Good
Love it
Greatest App Ever!
Without opera mobile. Just love it.
After todays update my opera crashes. Please fix it! Lg optimus sol device.
G baby
Good.
Genau so gut wie auf dem PC!
Looking forward to extensions support, but even without it, it's a terrific browser!
I like on how it perfom.
This is the best mobile browser I've tried, I love it <3
I love opra it is fast for my pantech crossover...love opra made it my defalt browser
...but I hate that it asks to confirm exit every time. I have gone through the options a hundred times and see no way to disable it.  Please add a way to disable that annoying exit confirmation... it's the only thing preventing me from giving 5 stars.
All time fav I use it for my desktop too.....<3<3
Using browser all the time!
There was a next version
Fast, stable, reliable. I have four browsers installed and I ended up using Opera most often.
One of The best it was, one of the best it is & one of the best will be	Opera is the best browser i have used , it's really smooth
Awesome
Fixed the annoying screen flash from keyboard popup popdown  Fixed turbo, pages actually load faster now with turbo on  So far faster overall
Nice application But  just need some more customization like in appearance, performance etc.
10x faster than simple Internet.
Best browser ever... I give Six Stars...:)
Faster fastest browser
Much more stable and quicker and quicker response thanks opera.  Thopera
browser
Very good hai bhai
This browser renders web pages quite brilliantly. I love it! Html5 and css 3 is a joy to watch on this browser. It's a must have for every android user.
credit where credit is due... last update has much improved the stability of the app
It was amazing browser and easily use it..
Best browser in world
Still my favorite android browser. Fast, very easy ui. Syncs bookmarks very nicely.
Smooth and easy to use browser, i like it
Nice i like this
Superb
Especially handy if you use Opera on your desktop.
Especially handy if you use Opera on your desktop.
I've been using opera since my old n95 and although I've used other browsers, I've always come back to it because I've found it the fasted and most stable browser.
Get better since the last update.
Get better since the last update.
Get better since the last update.
Good. . .
Its nice but some time its not work while download it will better if it solve
Best mobile browser I've ever used.
Tried the rest, this browser is the best for mobile. Fire fox is just way too slow.
GODBLESS U.Tanx.
Excellent friendly user
Excellent friendly user
Veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy gooooooooooooooood very impressive sooooooooooooooooooooo beter other than browsers
It works good and is fast
Superb browser
I can find that using this new opera, feels like we are on pc system! Great works!
Well, I must say that I am opera fan since 10 years ago, so I preferred this browser on my mobile than any other. It's great. Many good features and sync with my laptop browser. Thanks opera.
Best browser known...
Good browser however it lacks features like gestures, tabs on top,... but I'll 5 stars for the speed and the smoothness.
This so fast
its the same...
Great
Great browser. I don't understand the complaints. Works great for me.
Love it
According to my experience Opera is the best browser to browse web
According to my experience Opera is the best browser to browse web
Like
Nice for browsing,
A bit slow on start but otherwise best browser there is.
Good
U can blindly download this... Too good
Cant u guys improve google page...its too wierd..n irritates alot...it doesent even shows the words prediction on it....
Best apps
I like this
Really I like this very much.
Better than any of the other browsers.  Stock is a pain, Firefox just doesn't cut it.  The only browser who truly innovates
My primary browser on both mobile and desktop.
Nice
it's been 2 weeks since I've tried to report to their support team that Opera won't work in landscape on my phone. I have just installed the latest update but Opera still closes on its own when in landscape mode. it's very limiting.
Its an amazing browser with a better UI. Opera turbo helps to reduce the data consumption also ....i am giving 4 out of five star rating . To the developers.....need more features.web page format also need to improve...
Downloading is slow even though net speed is fast...
It is search any site very fast and smooth to high specific quality .
It is search any site very fast and smooth to high specific quality .
Truely recommended for best experience saves data and time.
Quick and easy to use.Saves on data too.sony xperia s
The only browser worth having!
dope
The bst of the bst browzer in the world.....
Nice work in HTC EVO 3d
Good
Nice apps.very faster
Very nice apps
Good
Good job
Simple and fast.
App Wich gives the best experience to browse and download. A Must have app
Compresses data=fast on slow networks.  Synch bookmarks, history etc across multiple platforms.  Reflows text on zoom
Used opera mini for years on my SE W995. Mini was crashing on my Xperia U,  however since installing Mobile have had no prob. Nice features that std browser doesn't have e.g. auto column resize.  No force close probs at all.
Works great on my LG
Works great on my LG
Unrortunately the brower somtimes crashes when surfing, in desktop mode, on media-heavy sites. Othervise brilliant browser
I love to use opera mobile....
Needs an updated UI for tablets like the Nexus 7, hard to use in comparison to Dolphin for example. I want to use Opera as I use it on everything else but as of right now it is awkward to use.
Used for years on both of my laptops and phones. From WindowsMobile to IOS to Androids. Never let me down in terms of speed and stable.
Used for years on both of my laptops and phones. From WindowsMobile to IOS to Androids. Never let me down in terms of speed and stable.
I love it
The best
It's nice to use
It's good
Fast, sleek, easy to use. Perfect
For the phone I have, yeah. Works even better if you have a rooted android.
Nice app
its workers nicely in my phone. Good apps.
Great
Grrat
Nice
Awesome browser .. Again the Opera build up team have done a gre8 job ..
Owsum web
Co
Keep white screen appears
I like it very very much.It ' reducing the cost of browsing.cool!
Speed and stable. Thanks ..
It's very slow for some days and more memory content please update this application and over come the memory content as soon as
It works like a supersonik speed.
this is good app for intrenet..
this is good app for intrenet..
Wooooooowwwwwww superbbbbbbbbbb.....my reqst to evreyone plz download this softwear 1time n enjoy this fast service....i super liyk.....
itz suprrr yeah
Its unsupportive to my nok 1100
Thisss app is the best
Needs useragent so you can view as ie,FireFox,Chrome,android,iPad,iPhone and recently tested uc browser sinks opera down to china
Somtime crash or stop working on my hisense e860. Please fix it
I love this app and it works flawlessly.  :)
Best browser available!
Just what i needed!
G
Its the only Browser I use
Sokkal gyorsabb mint a beépített böngésző vagy a chrome. Sokkal többet tud. Ki is dobtam minden mást!
Fast, realiable and intuitive to use!
Awsome flash works fine. Embedded youtube videos in Web pages works great. All the other browsers have let the side down so far. Very happy so far. Thanks devs
Best browser eva <3
It will always be the best mobile browser.
Excellent
I think this is the best browser. Its really fast..doesn't crash..its lightening fast infact......
Kant
The amazing.
The amazing.
The amazing.
Every time it crash else it works fine but these crashes spols my whole mood please do some thing.
Good
Good
Wow
Superb excellent guyz
I like it
Good
It is the best in every aspect. Has a build in downloader. Speed dial is very attractive. I just love it. If you have high speed connection, then go for it dude..:-)
Installed this because Chrome was so unreliable - unfortunately this reminds me of something from the 1980s - i.e. crap!
So good
So good
good app
Lighting fast on my gs3
Still the best browser for smartphone.  But you should work on it to be more faster
Still the best browser for smartphone.  But you should work on it to be more faster
Gd
Ek number
Good
Isssa aacha browser koy ho.heeee nahi.sakta.
I like it....
Good...
yesss...
V E R Y  nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnnnnice  A P P S
This was very nice
Ok
Work so fast and download also very fast.
Full flash support and not crashes anymore....
Don't complain about an app when its your phone 100% awesome app u can actually download certain videos, Google it u will be happy but, this browser is amazing so stop giving low star ratings I'll be happy to walk u through this app email me at dustin87075 at of course Gmail I have made roms and apps so I can say this is wayyyyyy better than the default browser that comes stock on the android MAKE THIS YOUR default browser for best experience email me for suggestions on apps or for instructions =]
Browsing is fast in 2g downloading is slow in both 2g and 3g use it for only browsing it is not suitable fo downloadin files
Love nonu
I m using opera & it works unbelievable. Hats off to makers.
Much better than opera mini...opera mini is sucks
I  love all
Does the job on my rooted desire.. Slightly better than the stock browser
Constantly crashes, freezes, you name it. Used to love it, now it's unstable.
Simple to use, fast and full of intuitive tools, esp if you also use the desktop version. What more could you ask of a free browser??
Jt
Helpful to Samsung using people because the lowest internal memory given by then in the Samsung Android phones
b for best  b for best browser
b for best  b for best browser
Love the desktop setting
Nice program .
great web browser
great web browser
Smooth and fast
Hai
I love
This app is amazing is very fast and launched quickly...
Tried all the others, but Opera is in a different universe.
Tried all the others, but Opera is in a different universe.
great,everything u want ur browser to be!!!!!! :):-P
nice
One of the best softwar ever. It's essy for web use... I m just crazy about this program
Exelent
Exelent
Very fast browser I like it..
Good browser
Nice
Hatch
Ok for dowload
Ok for dowload
Superb
A good browser for mobile. Stable and works fine for me.
Haven't had any problems, been using for over 6 months. Runs fairly quick and much better than stock browser. Living it
very good browser, after updateing it saves image automatticaly...
Wow
Low data usage. Dolphin is more stable with videos. But this is overall the best  browser.  Works well with fanboys adblock. Google opera mobile adblock. Superb
try for urself!
Fabulous app!!!!
Its superb browser in all over market that gives u 3g speed in 2g connection i give 5*
Excelent
Great software that supports 3g browsing and is also faster than my moto xt530 local browser
I like opera mobile wab brawser to set up my aplicatoin to start back my data and downloud more apps
Don't know what happened, now it stats telling me that it can't connect to server on several different pages. Other browsers work fine. Even opera mini works on them.
Beautifull site
I'm a Tab7.7 user and almost all browser I have already tried. And I can honestly say that the Opera Mobile is the best.
Easy to use. Plus, downloading is faster than other browsers.
Easy to use. Plus, downloading is faster than other browsers.
Easy to use. Plus, downloading is faster than other browsers.
nice browser...bt don’t work well in case of multitasking.please solve the issue...thank you.
OwsmB-)
I enjoy the lay out and settings.
Nói chung là okie!!!
Nói chung là okie!!!
Good
I like the great zoom function which wraps zoomed text so everything can be read without moving the screen left or right. I love it. No other tested browser seems to have it.
Works fine,,,,,,
good and very fast love it keep up the good work
So so fast, worked much better than any other browser on my device. Including dolphin.
So so fast, worked much better than any other browser on my device. Including dolphin.
Bst browser ..i like most
Good
Good
Not a good browser
Not a good browser
Very good Z
Best eva for browsing
Love this app
Every update is a killing this app slowly.. This was my favorite
good
Not so fast.Not many apps like in android market
Not so fast.Not many apps like in android market
This a nice app. .....But it is not good as i thought.....:-P
coooool
Good
mst h re opera ise use kro
Rompa mokkai
Nice
Good update
I have this little crappy comet phone that has a.slow and laggy browser and this browser is 3x faster and more smooth thanks! :)
good browser
Its simply good. I use it for Facebook as uc and other browsers open Facebook page as same as Facebook app which i hate .this browser don't do that but allow you to open simple web pages and for me that awesome.
Madar chod
Madar chod
Genial me sirve como gestor de descargas!!!
Oh! Just what I needed. :P
Just awesome
one of the bst browser
Awsm guyzzz...(:-------just fuckin download it.....im telling u.....u wont regret.......
Simply the best mobile browser available right now. I've been using it for months and love it!
I tested a new and opera is the fastest and best. Not only the speed but also helpful features like margin the text so he fits the screen perfectly is very good.
Good
Opera plzz solve the prblm that it cant resume the downloads if the browser is turned off
Useful cor tab s
Galaxy tab 8.9, and page rendering and scrolling is very slow. Also, why does it start on page overview, makes forum browsing tedious. Only thing why I'm using this is the dynamic text wrapping.   Boat browser offers dynamic text reflow and does not force page overview, changed to that one instead!
Still haven't found a better one.
Still haven't found a better one.
Still haven't found a better one.
Much better than Chrome.
Much better than Chrome.
very very fast browzer
Its a good browser I mean its soooooooooooo cool thank you opera software asa
Frends download it its amazing
The best
Good for watching porn on
Awesome
Wth hell happened... this used to be amazing ...now it only force closes
Speed
Tried to watch a video it take long time to load and I only see part by part 20mins apart no lie
Great browser. Much better than dolphin!
What more can I say.
@@Surya@@ Some times it can't open google page properly and crashes. So I want to get a updated version of opera mobile...
@@Surya@@ Some times it can't open google page properly and crashes. So I want to get a updated version of opera mobile...
it is best on  wifi or 3g network
I like this
This is booring
Userfrndly
dk
Easy to use
Good
Good
Good
hhh
I Love Opera mini.
I like it....
Great
Good
Mwah
It has replaced my default browser
good and batter than dolphin,opera next...and others
good
Simply awesome!!!!!!!!
Awesome
Love it.
It's the best browser for phone
Top one
Best browser.   There is an issue. While downloading large files and when multi tasking with other apps the downloading stops and browser restarts all over again when clicked open. It is very annoying and couldn't find any solution.   Please provide an option that the browser keep fully running on background while the user is multitasking with other apps.
Fast, easy, and convenient! Must have for a slow phone!
Fast, easy, and convenient! Must have for a slow phone!
I like opera....
Better than any browser out there
Sucks ....slow responsive....brainless app .....needs a lot of improvment...atleast for my wildfire...for now, get lost
Very nice
Awsum
this is my default browser :)
Wooow
Mast
I just like it
It is faster then any other browser! Even faster then dolphin browser hd
Used to love it, so I rate 5 stars for. But not for now. FC on Galaxy Nexus JB. Pls fix it very soon.
I love Speed Dial and the overall design, but the most important thing is that text reflows to fit the screen when I zoom in. This is the only browser where that works on my Galaxy S III.
Excellent...
Excellent...
Excellent...
Works great on my Samsung Captivate and Galaxy S3.
Superrrrrrb
Yo.yo.yo...best
Tik tok
Great apps
It's like a computer! I can hardly believe that I'm browsing through my phone.
opera mini can not open some page.. it says not endoresed by Google..
I like it
BEST
Does not play flash videos properly......
very fast broser
Mah first rev
Now wonder facebook bought Opera last month
Awesome you can play Facebook games and Facebook will be open with www .facebook. com
I love it! Opera link works perfectly!! It's fast and I never had any issues with it.
Nice
Nice
Nice
Personally, it doesn't matter to me what Web browser I use as long as I have internet access. But this one allows me to get on FB and twitter with school wifi. The regular restrictions don't apply to opera mini and that's what makes it stand out.
Simply the best browser I've tried, streets ahead of any other. It has made using my tablet much more enjoyable. Unlike some recent reviewers, I've found it completely stable, so don't be put off trying it.
Good quality
Its very good
It is very fast.
bgus entwng bantwr mlayune
bgus entwng bantwr mlayune
Bookkeeper
Doesnt work at all. HTC Desire.
Best browser. Mobile and pc.
I set it for desktop and can update my web page!  Not only on my tablet but my phone.
Never found such efficient and fast browser...must try this if you are using any other.
Awesome. Beat mobile browser period.
Better than Dolphin browser no issues till now
Ok
Good and fast
Cueel app,,,much better than O.M next..O.M web browser.....and vd amazing browsing speed,,
for all the other android browsers . Even firefox of which I am a massive fan can't match the experience.
Power
pakist esx
awesome app......
Supports ftp protocol
Wow its wonderful
Best Browser Ever :) Sync between PC and HTC ;D Fucking loving it !!!
superfast
Incredibly fast on my busted old fascinate. Better than stock and better than firefox!
Plz fix it
try try n try
I loved it !!!!!!!!! Fast download
Till now d best for actual surfing. N faster then other browsers..
Nice browser
Nice for facebook..
Hallo
احسن متصفح انصح بتحميلة
It's Good & Awesome.........
Great browser but uses a lot of memory even after moving it to sd card though. Use this app over mini it so worth the space. Had dolphin hd but it is not as fast and sometimes unresponsive. Opera Mobile a better choice.
The most useful feature of this app is when you touch two things at the same time it zooms in to see what you actually wanted to click unlike the default android browser.
I dont know but not facing any sorta problem till now Xperia Neo V... rom - JJ Hybrid Mode 3.2
before I used in symbian was great but now!!!
You will always have my 5 stars, but I must confess I have been messing around with Dolphin HD behind your back =\\
best mobile browser, on every smartphone i have owned. :)
Like
Superb
Works better than anything else out there right now.
Gud
Best
WTF, always crash loading 2 heavy pages!!! Uninstall
No words to comment....everything is excellent....
i have no problems stop buying cheap phones n u wont have problems
It's awesome
It's awesome
Great application i love opera n firefox
I like the thing that unlike Opera Mini it supports Flash. Just needs to load pages a little faster. Overall great app
Best browser
Fast and great UI.
I don't have any problem, it works perfectly
Cool... Awesome function!!
A
Ferdaws:
The good browser I ever seen is dis thing can brows every site that I want.thanks
Ferdaws:
The good browser I ever seen is dis thing can brows every site that I want.thanks
Ggyyujj L
Awesome.............thank you opera team
Z
best browser
first android web browser to have an option to display websites same like a desktop pc
first android web browser to have an option to display websites same like a desktop pc
very good
quitely nice bt i wanna to tell u dat its browsing is speed bt downloading iz vry vry slow...if a file is downloading then its can not brouse the internet....
Get it. Get it now!
It crashes every few minutes.
It is best browser for my mobile but must be minimize option too. I can not run this app consquently with another one. Please fix this to get 5stars.
Operamobile s superb app...dr s more clarity of pics in ds tan operamini nd other apps
Operamobile s superb app...dr s more clarity of pics in ds tan operamini nd other apps
hi
I can know the usage of internet and enjoy high speed internet.
good
Opera is cool
Opera is cool
Opera mobile is the best app for my hh
Kool
It's very good ....
Xxx
Very nice
good app
tis the shii*
Best browser as far as im concerned,  works on more sites than dolphin
the browsing is fast but download fails all the time . sometimes download cannot be restarted so 2stars pl fix it
Awesome browseri
Love it
Love it
Awesome!
Best browser
Very nice
Some!
Intelligency mixed up created sotware.
Must have browser
So Good
Pandikam telusu ponds vasana
The Best!!!!!
Smart nd easy
Bst brwsr
I try other browsers but Opera brings me back every time.
Ahh idk.
Great
Great
Good
Mmmmm......gud browser :)
I've tried all the major Android browsers, and this is easily the best. It's very quick, does everything like a desktop browser (including embedded video and file downloads), has a separate search box, and easy to understand menus. I particularly like the way it always re-wraps text to fit the screen after you've zoomed in. It does seem quite processor-intensive, so can soak up the battery. It's still my browser of choice at the moment though (Galaxy S2, Android 4.0.3).
Super fast downloading and surfing but get closed and have to restart the download if using with another application and call connects
Super fast downloading and surfing but get closed and have to restart the download if using with another application and call connects
I have loved this app for years, across 5 phones and 2 tablets
Awesome
Best of the one
This is fantastic! I have Dolphin browser but can't get my Rush Limbaugh podcasts to play from the website. With this browser, I can do it and it plays in the ES media player! It's great!
This is fantastic! I have Dolphin browser but can't get my Rush Limbaugh podcasts to play from the website. With this browser, I can do it and it plays in the ES media player! It's great!
Amazing!
Preferred
Best mobile browser on market.  For college students using blackboard, this browser supports it well.
Force close :|
This is one of the best
Quick and simple to use. I always use this browser where non flash playing sites are concerned.
I love developing standards compliant xhtml for opera 5.0 for Os X 9 :)
Thanks for arabic support for my tablet
I was so disturbed by the ad of this app that I installed it to get rid of the ad
IMO Opera beats all the other mobile browsers, right out of the box. A few simple settings and presto.
Google.im from iran.why u bycott iranian to use android market؟  we are celever.u can not stop iranian :)))  We use proxy servers and vpn .google fooolish.
This is greeeeeeeeaaaaaaaat browser,bcoz high speed,.
Its just fast and really amazing for mobile browsing
Very lightning fast sleed like my home wifi  :-) i like this :-D
Takes up a lot of space still gets my first ever 5star
Takes up a lot of space still gets my first ever 5star
This is boost high speed browser
Awesome app others dont work this did!!!!!
Sex
nice
Good
Fast, haven't encountered a page it couldn't render, has all the features you'd expect from a browser
I like it very much better than mozilla and chrome. It supports embeepay on facebook. Faster,smoother,better
Ooooooohh kool
Nice
The most stable browser I've tried..!
Gd
I don't see what the problem is. Opera works perfectly on my SGS2
,
Nice
Itz good but takes up a lot of space lol
Its very nice and speed browser
no full desktop view
Very nice browser speeder than the mobile browser
Mast ha operamini all version
Love it..
To slow
Fast
I won't provide a better rating until Opera decides to either fix an option for backing up the bookmarks without having to run it on a PC or other device, OR, fix the annoying FC on start if you happen to back it up using titanium backup and restore data. Other than that which bugs me a _lot_ I am happy with the layout and user interface.
Super.
Opera rulezzzz:)
I liked
This was my favoured web browser for years, but I defected to Google Chrome. All fool me, that kept crashing and freezing. Opera doesn't. Just one thing, how do I "right click" on something?
Hihi
this is really good app for ever!
Sexy video
The Opera browser runs smoothly on my original HTC EVO 4G. It also has shown a moderate-significant drop in data usage on my bill. However, if you're a Sprint customer, this is irrelevant to you unless you are on a tablet data plan as all Sprint customers have truly unlimited data. But for Verizon, AT&T, and T-Mobile, it' a must-have.
Ilike itttttt
Its grt
niro
Its very speed web browser
Best android browser. if app takes lots of space move it to SD and clear cache periodically.
Some of the features on this app are epic! Graphics are amazing, really recommend this...
Runs smooth and fast on cm9 on my sign
So far, so good!!! Everything that I need is here.
So far, so good!!! Everything that I need is here.
So far, so good!!! Everything that I need is here.
I have it fot iPod cell
Nic
This opera mobile works well than dolphin browser.
This opera mobile works well than dolphin browser.
I love it
Kooolllll n smart soft.....
Used to be extremely unstable on my glaxy s 1. Now works great on my galaxy s 3. Fast, caches has opera link. Nice.
Very good
so good
Faster
Touch screen isn't working properly in case of LG OPTIMUS BLACK
Awesome!!. It is the fastest browser I ever install on my phone
Nice
Nice
Its very good
It's the best browser for android and symbian. On both platforms u can really feel the increased speed of this browser than yr conventional browser or any other browser. It even  runs the irctc website smoothly,  u can book yr tatkal tickets at 8 am also:-)
Awsme but slow sped
its so good
Hai I am nithish from India please do the options download estimate time not showing and the download speed also not sowing so please do thish options
Fabulous... I like it......
good
I love the speed and the fact that you are able to set it up to handle all pages as Desktop instead of one by one.
I use this in my s2 also. Working gud
Most stable and powerful browser on nexus s 4g.
Most stable and powerful browser on nexus s 4g.
Awesome
It is a nice browser
Nice
Sexes
Sexes
Sexes
Very user friendly
Aku, Ada, Kau, Ada,
I love it :-P
I think opera is the best of the world. Actually I use it since last 3 years when iam used symbian nokia n82.
The best mobile browser.  1. But cannot connect to internet through http proxy. 2. Now application is crashing when starting on xperia S ICS.
GREAT FOR LESS EXPENSIVE PHONES .
Ok      M
it has its flaws but it is the only browser that i could find that has real time text reflow. in dolphin and skyfire you have to flip your phone.
it has its flaws but it is the only browser that i could find that has real time text reflow. in dolphin and skyfire you have to flip your phone.
This is the best browser I have'nt seen before
It's ok just sometime it goes slow and act slow. Other than that its a 5 star(:
Most aawiting software for me
v good opera
Nice app but with limited features...
I like it.
I like it.
this player is one of my favourate ..opera roksssssssss ....
Its a good browser my top 3 favourite choice although it crashes if more dan five tabs are opened
Fast browser and downloader
I love it but it needs add ons like dolphinbrowserhd
Best one out there!  The two things I would change is, make it so that when you open a new tab it opens to a set page, such as google. And, make it so that you can cgance the order of the tabs in the tab viewer. Other than that, awesome!!
This is great software  I liked it
No one can beat this amazing browser. It has real time text zoom. If other browsers had that feature they should be lagging all the time. This browser is just fantastic. It beat in scores on html test every other browser. Google should replace their stock browser with Opera Mobile. Web browsing now its fun.
No one can beat this amazing browser. It has real time text zoom. If other browsers had that feature they should be lagging all the time. This browser is just fantastic. It beat in scores on html test every other browser. Google should replace their stock browser with Opera Mobile. Web browsing now its fun.
It's fast and efficient really good and easy:)
Awesome
Great browser but some updates distroyed usabillity with bugs
Super
Very good
I like this more than anything else outhere.. Perfect..!
So far I found nothing wrong with it and it is very fast :)
awesome
vry.   .poor.
Goood browser fast browsering gud app for all type of phone.Very much fun in using
Facebook is not loading clearly
Faster,lighter but not comment in web
Working great.
Nice
It is very fast browser Thanks oprea .co
it rocks , this apps is the best in the wrong way
Excellent browser it also save my packet data.
Excellent browser it also save my packet data.
Je
Good
Ok ok
O%
Very large apk
Its great m a fan of opera
Zala
Zala
Quite often never goes to the web address I type in. Crashed constantly. there  are better browsers out there
Super browsing experience
Super browsing experience
Super browsing experience
Works Great !!
..
Absolutely amazing
Opera keeps closing by itself & eats toooo much memory on my SE Xperia neo V...pliiiiiizzzz!!!! fix this problem asap... I'll give 5 stars for sure if you guys fix this problem..........
Opera keeps closing by itself & eats toooo much memory on my SE Xperia neo V...pliiiiiizzzz!!!! fix this problem asap... I'll give 5 stars for sure if you guys fix this problem..........
Good like
This thing is better than anything . Must download and use .
Tian
:)))))))
Chrome still has no forceable desktop view.  Opera is great when other browsers force mobile view. Otherwise its clunky and slow for regular use.
Just swell
Great
After using all browsers i  choose opera mobile i am using it from past 4years
lkikd
lkikd
Very intuitive ui and easy to use with 12-13 tabs.
Nice browser for android 2.3.....
Good
Very excclent
Plzzzzzz try to improve downloading
good
good
Works great on Galaxy S2 now trying on S3
Excelent for fb.
Never fails me. Have been using opera/opera mini on all kinds of phones and now on my new tablet. Works like a charm everytime. Smooth and fast. Default installed browsers just can't compete. Thanks opera for a stunning product!
How to enable JavaScript in opera Mobile?, it is the main problem of operamobile
Yeah it is really excellent, it will load a.y web pages faster and good 2 download with this... :-)
Yeah it is really excellent, it will load a.y web pages faster and good 2 download with this... :-)
Won't open on my HTC desire! Not good enough for this standard of phone.
Never had a problem with the Opera browsers.  They've always worked great for me.
Never had a problem with the Opera browsers.  They've always worked great for me.
I recommend this browser over any other Android browsers
Super
coming from Google chrome,  this browser is fast and stable. Has a good tablet user interface but it could do with more features like a tab bar and bookmark bar and also lets not forget themes.    overall great browser 5/5 , coming from a guy who has installed and reviewed many browsers, this comes out on top with working flash,working 100% and is very stable.
For mobile devices opera is the best of all the browsers ..
This is the fastest browzer ever. I like it dude!
I lb  Dylgarux
Lets Yuhh Download Porn :)
Had opera on my Nokia N8, was way better than the stock browser. Glad to see the android version it's even better and lightning fast on my SGS3!
Had opera on my Nokia N8, was way better than the stock browser. Glad to see the android version it's even better and lightning fast on my SGS3!
Best browser I done ever had.
Best browser I done ever had.
Opera does it best
Baik
Ok
Good but sometime lagging
Itz d bstst browser. . .bth for android nd symbian. . .
Gud applctn
Gud applctn
Gud
Cooool
Yeppie app
This browser can do a thing that no other browser can do very smothly its and excellent browser for mobile
Nice app
Awesome!!!
Just a black screen now. EVO 4g LTE
great browsing!!!
great browsing!!!
I have tried several different browsers. They each have their pros and cons. However, I always come back to Opera.
Amazing
exx
Gtfh
Good edited.......
n o t b a d
n o t b a d
Fast and easy to brows.
Great app
Great app
Iam unable to open facebook from opera mobile pls do fix this problem
Amazing Speed of this browser.Lots Of Better Than UC Browser or any browser.
yo yo
this is the best mobile i ever download it,s fast mobile suitable and more.
Awysm
Bulky icons.very childish.
Its a best browser.very fast downloads and opening of the pages on 3g or wi-fi. It is great
Great speed
By the way the S3 does reflow text. Its called Auto-fit pages in the browser settings.
Very good apps.
very fast x
Slow
mast mast
More faster than other browser
Best browser for Android.
There are some things gs that won't load properly.
Good apps.
Good apps.
Opera mobile is almost perfect.It's fast and the UI is beautiful, too. The only function it needs to be perfect would be private browsing mode.
Good lol
It's fast but, really fast around internet!
Good but sometimes slow down
Best mobile browser
Opera Mobile is simply the best web browser. Especially the user agent option is awesome that allows us to view any website as we are browsing it on a pc.
Great app
Always crashed when using with the latest Adobe Flash 11.1. Not sure which one's the cause, Opera or Flash or ICS. But it worked fine with stock browser.
Gud
Good
Especially if you use the desktop version as well. I love the text wrap feature when zooming. You can easily synchronize with your devices. Can be a bit laggy when browsing with multiple tabs though. (Probably my device) A version with installable expansions is also available on their website which has some grea t addons too.
For my galaxy s3.. More faster.. less buggy.. #1 browser for my phone..
Fast as hell! Loads everything without any problems including Flash. Way better than all the other browsers on Android!!! Thank you Opera -now I can use my phone for browsing just like on PC!
Very fast browser compare to other
huft after update is not all web can be open specialty when open face book
Awesome
Good
Hey wonderful .It would be superb if it would support flash contents please provide it
Works great faster than standard mobile internet on phone and plays youtube videos great!
Good
Done rate five fir diz apps i lyk diz its awesome
Nothing better.
This is the best browser ever! Keep up the good work!
Well, what can I say. WOW!!! There is a bug with Swiftkey x and dolphin browser and stock browser that prevents the prediction txt box from showing in html txt fields. So in essence you type blind. But this is proof that a decent browser doesn't have that problem. Opera mobile blows stock ics and dolphin out of the water on the grounds of performance, tab handling, startup time and simplicity. My browser of choice. Well done opera.!!!
Its getting better nd better with eaçh update!!!
nice and sexyyyy....
Vynikající prohlížeč, který z mobilu dělá pohodlnou platformu pro prohlížení internetu. Ukládání hesel, záložky (a rychlé přepínaní mezi nimi), zalamování textu podle velikosti displeje, rychlé rolování napříč stránkou (obdoba kláves „home“ a „end“ na počítači) a mnoho dalších vychytávek působí při brouzdání velice příjemně a ergonomicky. Jednoduše radost používat.
Best
I like it.....
Really good and optimized for mobile with perfection.so good.SONY LWW.
Really good and optimized for mobile with perfection.so good.SONY LWW.
The fastest browser
Ethnic
Excelente!!! El mejor browser para móviles :)
Excelente!!! El mejor browser para móviles :)
best mobile browser so far. there is no better in my oppinion- user friendly ui, fast and TEXT WARPING on zoom in.
Super
Not good
Neat browser, yet crash when open video for unknown reason
Thanks for make that
older much better. newest make me harder to switch tab. bring back notification in downside!
Very good
Good
This software is very very nice. Excellent speed.
Nice
Use Opera on the computer - only downloaded here for tabs :)
The mobile version doesn't look too good.
ilk jjhk
The features are really neat. Id say its about the same as Dolphin HD in terms of speed.
Hondai
Easy to use and really fast
This is amazing..
Opera mobile memang best..5star i give u!
Nice browser..
Really like it....
Love it
The only browser that doesn't regularly crash my phone. Samsung continuum.
The only browser that doesn't regularly crash my phone. Samsung continuum.
The only browser that doesn't regularly crash my phone. Samsung continuum.
Working goood
its really gud...
Been using Opera on multiple devices for years now. Love the opera link and the turbo on slow connections.
Faster than opera mini. Is 300kb less and has support for html5.
Nice
Latest version works perfectly.
اجمل متصفح في العالم
Its really works well.downloading with opera is wonderful
This is really fast and great
This is really fast and great
This is vry good for facebook n other site
Fastest browser I've found for my Droid X2 and Galaxy Tab 7.
Good apps fast &simple to oprate browser
Good apps fast &simple to oprate browser
One of the first to break into the mobile market. Looks extremely good with the new UI
YOLO
m here to say that they r many new fancy mobile browsers however opera mini browser is the best coz its fast on slow mobile internet connection and best for old or new phones.	opera mini is the best universal mobile browser i feel its better than any new fanccy browser for phone coz it works good on slow net speed on mobile phones.
like they said best browser on earth
Page keeps jumping up and down (about 10px) Sony Xperia U
This is the best mobile browser on the market!
It surprises me that opera  only carries close to 3% of the web browser share. Version 12 is pretty kickass across all OS's including android mobile. Really interactive, and fast!
Crashs
its gud...
Best Browser Ever
Best Browser Ever
Testei esse e o Dolphin, ambos sao bonitos mais em questao de velocidade o Opera foi o melhor.
Very good software
Very good software
Very good software
Opera my favorite browser from nokia n70 to xperia neo v :)
Awsome
Opera
:)
Exellent...
This browser is so much better than the one I was using. It is super fast!
very usefull
This is by far the best mobile browser (on gingerbread)
No word
Nice app... Should install.
Nice app... Should install.
Fast, very smooth, nice animations and no battery drainer! It shows the webpage the way it's supposed to look and no functions are missing. Requires a lot of memory though but it's worth it.
Speedy, and quick to launch
Opera mini androids are very good and awesome.
Good
Good
The best there is!
So nice speed . No browser has such speed till yet . Not even opera mini .
Tiz better than stock browser
Its the best
I work in web development and Opera is categorically the best browser for Android, for power users and novices alike. Its a bit slower than ICS's Chrome, but the tabbed browsing and other features make up for it. Try it!
This version is really fast, looks good and has every feature i want in a mobile browser
Love this for maxx
Superb browser
Love this app.
Thats was very nice browsef and very nice speed...
Best browser
Good
The zooming, scrolling, text reflow, and rendering are superlative.  I have tried every browser, and every new version of them.  The UI/tabs/menu of Opera mobile might not be my favorite, and the speed might not win any benchmark prize.  But Opera mobile is (by a Huge margin) the best overall browsing experience.  Do yourself a big favor, use it.
very good  but need more style
I always prefer it always safe useful nd easy
Great browser. Flash is dead, guys. Let it go peacefully!
Kaim aa
It rocks
It rocks
It rocks
After trying doplhin, firefox, chrome, maxthon, uc browser, stock default browser, this one is the among the best. Smooth, no crash , great speed, hv all the features i want！
that is so fast.good work
that is so fast.good work
that is so fast.good work
I've tried other browsers; all have minor annoyances, but Opera still wins my vote far and away.
Almost perfect if it supports flash for arm6:)
It is fast. But the Facebook interface sucks, you can't set a different homepage and it lacking screen cuts themes etc... I love opera mini so I'm sure I'd feel the same about Opera but with the size of the application it should offer more customizing features.
Good
Nice apps
I have no words to say ..  This izzzzzz awwwwwsssmmmm .. :)
Way better than opera mini and im loving the update :)
Its  preety nice browser
Wow!grt...
Imagine my shock when I realised that the S3 browser doesn't reflow text.  As someone who reads tons on the internet every day I just couldn't carry on with the stock browser.  A google search initially took me towards trying to find a fix on XDA Dev but luckily I stumbled upon a comment mentioning that Opera browser can reflow text - and boy can it!  Zoom in as much as you like and the text quickly reflows to make reading that much easier - no need for constant moving of the page horizontally.  It's also very quick with speed dials on the start page - I'm chuffed.  This is the new default browser on my S3.
Thanks alot
I earlier used Opera Mobile on my Nokia phone but it crashed, now I am using an android 4.0 tablet and it seemes that it is the best browser for tablets.
Every time I use an android I use only opera..
Best
I like had it for two years...and must use it every time to download stuffs. Thx opera :)
I like had it for two years...and must use it every time to download stuffs. Thx opera :)
G
I use this browser regularly, and infinitely prefer it to my inbuilt browser. However, when my battery is low, it opens so slowly I can't use it. It hangs on Opera Mobile for about 2 minutes, about 10 to load Speed Dial, and let alone any pages. I factory reset (RIP my progress in Temple Run), and now it's flawless. I recommend this browser.
I use this browser regularly, and infinitely prefer it to my inbuilt browser. However, when my battery is low, it opens so slowly I can't use it. It hangs on Opera Mobile for about 2 minutes, about 10 to load Speed Dial, and let alone any pages. I factory reset (RIP my progress in Temple Run), and now it's flawless. I recommend this browser.
Better than Dolphin HD which is like an overrated tortoise compared to this - I tried the lot of browsers on my new tablet - like one recent user said don't use the Opera mini version as this one is faster and seems a lot more stable. Best android browser right now imho. Also it DOES run flash, at least on a tablet.
Works very fast..on my glxy note! !
Nice!
Nice!
Very good
Very good
Whn it comes to mobile browsing... no1 cn beat opera...
Whn it comes to mobile browsing... no1 cn beat opera...
Gr8
I enjoy the highspeed  internet access on my phone.
I love this
I love this
Saves download, faster load time thanks to turbo mode. Great text wrapping. URL filter makes ad blocking possible. Seems to do everything a well as desktop browser. Low on CPU usage.
Good..fast..
For the longest time oprah had been the best mobile browser. The two most important factors that set oprah side from the other browsers on the market is 1) the speed and 2) the desktop compatibility. Lets face it every now and again there are ths
Hope the bookmarks can be sync between my Android phone and tablet
Hay
( : ) Life's Good
Best browser
I had it in my phone lol I am geazt
I had it in my phone lol I am geazt
A very stable browser...like like...
I like it because i can watch my porn faster.lol
Fastest browser out there! But force closes often on ics Stock Rom
Best
Fast. Stable.
Fast. Stable.
best but not same as bolt browser. Bolt browser is best
Gud
Very nice internet browser
Superfast
tzzu
Itz awesome.. bt crashes sometimes.. I've tried it on my tab and it works perfect.
very nice
great
web
I did use all of them,  dolphin, Firefox, chrome, but always after while going back to opera.  My desktop browser is chrome but thanks to chrome marks i can access my bookmarks no problem.  It is simple, fast and stable browser.
Nice
Is incredibly fast
Its great
This application has best performance ever
Very nice ga chance
Love how it has a flash player built in so I can watch vids
Just does what it should and quickly
Excellent but need flash
Best ever always have been using it and always will never found any problems :DD
sip
Easily the top browser for android
I love vaishnaw Bairagi
I had heard about this from Marquesbrownlee on Youtube. But yeah, web browsers like this one, Firefox and especially Google once they make Chrome for phones are better than IE.
Really good
Best mobile browser so far. Definitely a 5* app. But the latest update makes it force closing often. Hope it'll fixed soon, then I'll give 5* like it supposed to.
So suprab.......
Not as good as stock browser.
Downloads are more easier to manage.  Does not need the stock download application anymore.
Very very very good.....   Excellent terbo
Great application
Good for daily use.
From 5 stars to 3 with past few updates. Not sure what you have done but I get a lot more crashes lately. If not on WiFi and on 4glte pages don't load, says can't connect to... So I Have to refresh (but then it does nothing) stop, and refresh again. Bummer since I have fast connection, fast phone and fast browsing habbits. I used opera since the first winmo version and I rant and rave about it to anyone and everyone. Please get the problems fixed I like this browser more than any other.
the best
Osm
Osm
Workin in my galaxy
It's ok but leg
excellnt
It is an easy and fast browser, flash crashes are not occured and very good ui , i am totally impresed with this browser, this is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Opera is the best browser for android it's fast,smooth and stable than most other browser.
Good for Samsung galaxy y young
chutiya hai
its simply a great software......try it guys...you will get a good effect!!!!
Mst...
Good app
Good app
But not very gud
Its very good compared to all the other browsers
My favourite browser of all time!
I love it just as much as I do on my PC. And with Opera Link on both of them keeping my bookmarks and speed dial synchronized, I couldn't ask for more. Keep it up, fellas!
Pages load fast .best browser on the market i ve seen.
Nice one it works as on pc :-) One should have it
Nice one it works as on pc :-) One should have it
Its the best browser ever
Download this app.
By far the best browser it's fast, responsive and beter then the Mini and Silver Beta.
By far the best browser it's fast, responsive and beter then the Mini and Silver Beta.
By far the best browser it's fast, responsive and beter then the Mini and Silver Beta.
Best app
Opera browsers are still my fav. browsers..really convenient
B
Easy to use
Opera is verry nice app
Hi kavita
Powerful fast and stable browser. Using it for a year now. The best!!
awesome work..
Wow
Good
Awesome app but recently every website makes it  crash, im using sony ericsson Xperia x8 never had a problem until last update, please check on that
Awesome app but recently every website makes it  crash, im using sony ericsson Xperia x8 never had a problem until last update, please check on that
Download and surfing speed slow in compared to other browser.
Very fast.
5
It ok
That's really best browser for mobiles..
That's really best browser for mobiles..
Co to jest? Chyba jakaś antyreklama, wolne, brak flasha? Dużo lepsza jest nasza podstawowa przeglądarka
Co to jest? Chyba jakaś antyreklama, wolne, brak flasha? Dużo lepsza jest nasza podstawowa przeglądarka
Gooofd
thing is doesnt shows kannada language text (web page) properly, disappointed, need to improve a lot include ui everything
Daamm
Needs better support for watching videos but still the best mobile browser there is imho
mothing  like anything
Does what it says and fast to
I have tried countless amounts of browsers and this is the best by far.
Good
Fast.'........
nice
Very very successful browser.
Very very successful browser.
Very very successful browser.
It works better like r
I can't even get it to open after installing.
I can't even get it to open after installing.
Show flash great and downloading everything
Itz gr8
Its a gr8 apps!
above average
Amazing
Great but will not open mobile version of some sites such as the bbc web site. Bbc site always opens in desktop mode even though user agent is mobile
It's perfect web browser....
It's perfect web browser....
awesome
Opera gives us fast browsing
Simply, faster browser....
#EndTransmission
Useful browser
I like this browser. !! Keep it up guys!!!! :))
Bad
I was shocked to see how much faster it is than the stock browser!
Good
This app is awsome
narendra
I've been using Opera browsers since 2007 and I think that this one is the best one, better than mini or even the full computer version.
hi..............
Great app, so far it's faster than dolphin
Fast n fit/hit apps
It is very fast
It is very fast
I love it
its good but it consume lot of space and does not support flash but good appearence than uc
Excellent..
Vry nce...
i am un able to open facebook since recent post
i am un able to open facebook since recent post
Good
Lumayan walaupun g bisa java script...
Unlike most browsers, when you think of it, opera has already added it. LOVE IT.
Works fine. Like it. Stable. Good reading my fav web pages.
good
Great
Fast, efficient, simple, intuitive. :0)
Nice brow
Nice brow
The best app to Internet in smartphone
GREAT
GREAT
With this latest update [12.0.3] that purportedly fixes stability issues, it is now neck-and-neck with Voice for being the Force-Close-iest app on my Fascinate. It hosed all my bookmarks, too, with one of the crashes.
I had previously tried the stock browser, which works but is limited. Firefox on Android, which is slow, buggy and a memory hog. Dolphin Browser worked nicely but was slow displaying web pages. Opera Mobile was by far the best of the bunch. Elegantly styled, feature rich, fast at loading web pages and a feature to conserve mobile data. Highly recommended.
I had previously tried the stock browser, which works but is limited. Firefox on Android, which is slow, buggy and a memory hog. Dolphin Browser worked nicely but was slow displaying web pages. Opera Mobile was by far the best of the bunch. Elegantly styled, feature rich, fast at loading web pages and a feature to conserve mobile data. Highly recommended.
Very stable
its not working in my  galaxy fit y :-(
its not working on my galaxy y
Nice
This is a awsmm browser my phones original browser that is provided by samsung hangs up my phone.. Thats why i hate samsung mobile phones now... Due to its boring btowser... Oper@@ is awsmmm....
it is very nice app.and fsat
It dowloads page supportable for opera web browser of computer.
Best web browser been using it for 3years
Only been using for half-an-hour but so far really impressed by how much quicker it is than the browser that came with Android 4.0.3.  It's also much easier to use and more intuitive; screens and menus are well laid out and easy to find. I know it's early days as yet for me but I'm very glad I installed it. Thank you developers of Opera!
cam on nhieu
best browser i've tried
Since last few updates, it crashes after restoring data using titanium backup, as a result, we always have to re add the speed dial after installing ROM
Great
Its been a very gud site to use and saves a lot of time and data usage
Its been a very gud site to use and saves a lot of time and data usage
One of the best ways to experience the web
HTC One
Best  Mobile browser ever... Until last update... Now it goes down quicker than a two dollar hooker at a prison rodeo...please fix this quickly before I have to go to dolphin
bolah la
bolah la
Nice apps
Thank you galagxy market
Its great
Best ever!!
Very good browser
Always fast, I knew it ...coolly...
Always fast, I knew it ...coolly...
Its simply superb...
Cool yarr
This was the perefct browser on my sgs2. The last few months however it takes really long time to start. Please fix.
Aaichya gavat.....lay bhari...nadch purvala.....browser runs lyk metro
Excellent, suggest
wadia
Good
Great for watching porn even with parental controls FIVE STARS
I love this tab management and the real time resizing fonts. Perfectly usefully and different than the other browsers I tried.
awesome
Works great, quick.
Nice yaar
Hi
Awesome
Ela
The browser loads fast  I'm comparing this speed with other browsers.
super
It is a fast browser.
Just add night mode system in this opera browser just like uc.
Just downloaded this in leiu of firefox which kept crashing.  I always liked this browser on my Win mobile and it is ultra slick on my Android tablet.  The buttons are designed for a touch interface and for someone like me who has somewhat large fingers.
Nice
I have quite a cheap and slow Android phone and this browser is the fastest compared to the others. When I scroll it's very smooth and in the other browsers it's laggy and choppy. The user interface is brilliant and friendly, it loads pages quickly and it's very polished. I recommend it to anyone, it's almost flawless.
Very easy to use,speedy,n'fast downloader.
its super fast than any other browser out there..
its super fast than any other browser out there..
Oh thank you! Just wat I needed when I get my data slowed down! :)
Nyc but slow and force closes evitym....:-/
This version makes my wildfire's micro SD card readonly and can't view gallery
Lovely
Lovely
Lovely
Work smooth n fast on my cell...:)
oppa
I've tried them all and this is the one.
Nice app  But can this app provide  password protection in updated version
opera turbo provides you the best web experience
Plz install flash
Opera does it again. For those in the know, this is the browser that has the richest feature set, most innovation and the best look/feel of them all.
It is a nice browser. All over i like it very much
goodwork
If it could support flash It would be the best browser and it is so fast Also could it support java
I can finaly download my porn videos to my gallery
Fast, easy, simple, free  what else does it have to be to be perfect
Just fix the crashing issue, it crashes as soon as loads some heavy web page. The rest is ok.
Nice,fast n user freindly....thumbs up...!!
Nice and good
Like like
Like like
totally its a nice application!! everybody must try!!
Nice software
Nice software
The program has started crashing right in the middle of use losing your work.
Amazing work
Excellent but it doesnt show kb/s
good
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!! Many thank-yous..
...exception is screen space use (at least on my android 2.2)
Cool...!!
Must hav dis app.... Amazing ui n best download manager.... N it hav gr8ly redused my mob bill also....
Must hav dis app.... Amazing ui n best download manager.... N it hav gr8ly redused my mob bill also....
Superb browser with fast download
love dis ! <3
Best browser for android
Its great !!!!!!
The Best browser and the fastes one! Works great on S2 and dhd
love it
Great
Great
Very cooooooooool application
Faheem heartrob
Opera is the best .
Simply the best one for browsing desktop version websites.
When i open third tab it stop working and close
usefull
nice for every one
Flash support not der! Plz dont update it and make it worse!
best broser.... no comprision at all, dolphin hd is far away from being called better than opera...
Amaging. .
Smoth work on my funbook Thanks devloper....
Gives me fast download
It is very very very very very fine
As always...
As always...
Good nothing to say!
Best mobile browser for me, i've tried many and this one really meets every thing I need.  I especially like the way they did multiple tabs
too interesting
how to make full screen???
Its awsmm..
Goooooood
Goooooood
nyc
Love it!
Quality mobile browser, though there are occasional connectivity issues associated with certain websites. Caching problem?
Nice
Best app ever. Can't believe i have been wastong my time with IE for soooo long!
Fast browser
Ok
fast download&fast browse
Very good. Very fast. Good interface.  Excellent!!!
Mast hai
Nice ,,
2 secs to load page on google .. Faster than my computer and 5 sec on 3G
2 secs to load page on google .. Faster than my computer and 5 sec on 3G
Not bad normal speed
Great app
Good
Good
When u minimize it..it get closed and also downloading gets failed..
Not bad
El el mejor navegador y corre bien en mi tablet titan 7005a muy rapido demaciado bueno
I use it since you can download practically any type of file, without limits, unlike stock and Chrome browser.
Nice app better to opera mini
Excellent
Great browser!!! Really fast!!! Luv it!!!
i love this game
The most efficient browser in world for mobiles
Nice app I really like...awesome
goo
Opera doesn't freeze up like my default android browser and is very quick. It would be perfect if it had an exit button though.
Opera doesn't freeze up like my default android browser and is very quick. It would be perfect if it had an exit button though.
But gt-i9000m runs into certficate and connection issues on Bell
Bal
Fadt and stable. I tried lots of browsers on android, Opera is the best one.
I am impressed, great app: fast, responsive and excellent UI.
Best
This is so good and fast browser
Great
Great
Opera is the best mobile browser for me
Fastest browser..B+) kidding:D
Best browser I have found from the Google play...
Awesome
awesome browser..bt now there is difficulty to exit with exit button..means opera cnt shut smoothly..plz fix it
awesome browser..bt now there is difficulty to exit with exit button..means opera cnt shut smoothly..plz fix it
This as been my favorite browser from froyo all the way to ICS (custom rom).  It's fast, stable and smooth.
A
Itssssss goooooood
Update!!!!!
The best browser for processing image heavy pages but otherwise pales against Dolphin in user friendliness and features
Vow..!it so fast and really easy to download anything ...i like opera :) :)
fast browser
Goood speed with desktop option
I like it
Good Performance
Simple and easy to use.
Everything works, it syncs correctly every time Compared to all others it is: simple, functional, fast, powerful, stable, and everything that you would need for a browser. No other browser has passed the tests I put them through nearly as well as this browser. I use my tablet for speed and functionality (some eye candy) and i know a FANTABULOUS browser when i see one nd use one. three months and no problems
Everything works, it syncs correctly every time Compared to all others it is: simple, functional, fast, powerful, stable, and everything that you would need for a browser. No other browser has passed the tests I put them through nearly as well as this browser. I use my tablet for speed and functionality (some eye candy) and i know a FANTABULOUS browser when i see one nd use one. three months and no problems
