A'h Is Very Fun And You Can Entertains Your Fun.!!
This is a really entertaining game (:
I like the game but it keeps shutting off while I'm playing....... Please fix.
I like the game itself but it freezes my phone in a matter of seconds :(
J
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
This game is having problems like the screen will go black but you will still hear the sound. I would recommend waiting a while to download it so they can fix the problems
After downloading Fruit Ninja to my Droid 4 phone, I went in to open it up but it never completes it loading. It gets stuck at "Loading feint...". After waiting for several minutes, i push back and the game will come up like normal. So I started playing. After I played, I get a error submitting my score. I cant get to the scoreboard either. I have uninstalled this app and have reinstalled it hoping it will fix it but it didn't. I would sure appreciate it if you could fix this bug. Thank you.
The game did not meet the expectations which all my friends built along.
I love this game, but it keeps crashing on my galaxy s2 :( Please fix the problem...I tried re-installing it, but that didn't help.
had for five minutes and uninstalled already. in the middle of playing the game the screen went black, all i could do was hit the home button an uninstall to bad it was fun the short time it lasted.
Installing and playing this got me a $10 a month subscription to Jamster.
Force closes 2 seconds after loading screen comes up, can't even play it
KkbkkbkkbjkkkkvkkvvkvkkvkkkvkjbkkkkkkkmbkbjbkkbkkvkkkkkhyoRuybvbtbnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnbnnnnnbnnnnnnnnnnnnbnbbnhnunbpyvbbyuthtoiuyuyytyioytybnnnnñnnnnnnbnnnnnnnntnbbññuñ/5-ntñyyñyynyn6n//7////////66/766/25/
It freezes when I try to cut the fruit
Freezes too much, many bugs, need to fix the carp out of it
Really boting
I love this game like forreal I love to play it
DUMB DUMB DUMB
Great game!!!!!!
Aoa AYazXt James
Sucks
Every time I attempt to load this app it crashes before reaching the home screen. If this could be fixed the game would be much better.
Fun game but it is rather buggy. Would be great if it didn't freeze all the time.
Won't even let me open the game. Don't install.
IT is like a ediot to scratch the screen of a smart phone
Ycchdkgcxnglg
X best...
Crashes on my galaxy s 3 one start until it's fixed
Graphics are embarrassing come on
Keeps freezing within first 2 seconds of play!
Love this game ,fuk this app
Effing shitt!!!
I can't even play on dum game! AHHH!
The App Kept Force Closing , Horrible For The Android. And It Takes Up Too Much Space. *thumbs down*
L.   A.      M.        E.       That spells lame never opens
Haven't been able to play it once! Re downloaded it 4 times!
Says "loading feint" and hangs.
18.34 MB is to much. You better try Fruit Slice wich has a little different levels, but you need 4 MB.
Ggggg
Permission for all your accounts? Your location as well. What do you need them for? be careful guys.
I really like this game
L       Fgsbdsjai
I love it but it takes way to long to download and when it does it's slow and cuts off good thing I didn't by cause then I would be stuck with a worthless game
Takes to long to download
Cannot even start the game. Whenever I open the game it will say Loading Feint and never progress.
It used to work absolutely perfect and it was my favorite game but now it is absolutely ridiculous. It sits there forever saying loading feint and when I actually can get passed that it ends up freezing. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but still the same thing. Please fix and I will update rate to 5 stars.
Keeps freezing and I uninstalled it a couple of times and it was the same.
Maybe cuz I updated my phone's software, the game remains at the start page which keeps rotating.
Super fun and addictive!!
I played it once.nd yes it did freaze on me I thought it was my phone so wht yall need to do is to fix dis app cuz it really nice but.....it freazes on everybody -.-
When I first got my Nexus 7 it ran fine.  Now all it does is try to load but gets stuck at loading feint.  An uninstall and reinstall did it help.
What a waste of time. Everything is subpar. I was going to avoid paying for it but I guess ill just pay. This is the poorest halfbrick app I have ever seen. Buut. You all can't beat me! I scored 1300+ on arcade with my old iPhone ;p
Althea GAme is wacky
It's when you've got nothing to do but nothing to get excited over.
I just downloaded the game and it wouldn't open! I tried playing it and it keeps on freezing!
Besgttt
It wont donload...i would put zero stars but it wont let me!
To many glitches and u die to easy
Very low graphics quality
$hit
WON'T LET ME DOWNLOAD ! -____-
Bad game
Lags at all times useless game
Game freezes every time i combo slice. Not worth playing.
Good
Okay I have download this befor but now it keeps force closeing so like I play clasdic then I press play again and it will force close DO NOT GET UNLESS FIRST TIME!!
Man I've tryed and tryed and it won't install cuz its saying my freaking memeory is too full ok I already deleted two of my games and it still won't do it
Using Samsung gal x 3 and it freezes on phon
It's thrid time installed it on my s3 but it never works
Screen stays black when I try to open it, can't play
sss no!
This is the crappiest game I've ever had the misfortune to play. Niamh smells.
Very fun game if it didn't crash the whole time
Keeps freezing
IT TAKES FOREVER TO INSTALL!!!!!!!
IT TAKES FOREVER TO INSTALL!!!!!!!
It's kinda stupid that they still won't update the free version... It's almost a year that the pomegranate has been added... And this version is also too buggy, keeps crashing and freezing... Tested this on xperia play, arc, xperia s and galaxy s3... C'mon man UPDATE PLZ
Freezing to much
Doesn't get past the loading feint screen. Shame, because I had heard great things
Froze three times in 4 mins!!!!!!fix!
Absolute crap
Good for all ages
I cant download it !!!!
Putang ina. Bkt ganun i do wnload it once but 5 fruit nnja were downloadng. . Dafuck. Tpos pagtapoz ng lht d padn mainstall.
Doesn't work on MIUI v4 2.8.10. It always force close when opening. I'm on HTC Incredible S.
Downloafing is awefully poor
I couldn't even play it after I downloaded, because it force closed and froze up.
Good
Its okay but when I installed it there wasn't any internet it kept frezzin
It won't let me download!! It says "package file is invalid.' What the hell??
Its fun entertaining and awesome
Its fun entertaining and awesome
It doesnt seem to download at all. It freezes at 98%
Please fix keeps shutting off by itself i need to uninstall then install please fix!!!
Not working... Always restarting... In xperia neo V. Please fix it.
Every time i slice something the game freezes plz fix
Check the permissions often, this app looks up your accounts on your phone
######one word!  Don't....#####
Seriously one year and no update this app is dead!!! everyone should rate it one start so that the the devs May listen!!!!!
i gave it one star bcoz it got stucked in galaxy y and touch is not working in this game it got freezed
It sucks
It keeps freezing pllz fix then 5 stars!!
Everything worked perfectly, but now the app won't even open.
Fruit ninja is fun for the first few days but then its just boring once you realise that your just slashing your srceen repeatedly  and cutting up virtual fruit
People with the Sprint Galaxy Nexus have been complaining that fruit ninja doesn't load on open feint. All you have to do is press back button when it loads open feint is press the back button. Or you can go into airplane mode and load it  But still wished you can have openfient.
I really enjoy this game however I can only get through about one out of every 5 games without it freezing up. It is so frustrating that I'm ready to uninstall and just say forget it!!
It takes too fudging long to load , when i wanted to connect to the internet thing. -.-t it sucks
I played and its was too easy if i made this game id make it hard everyone likes. A challenge. and it need faster fruits and less time like that thats what i mean
Angry birds better
This has downloading for 3 hours and is at 24% ima just shut down my phone
Sux
I have the same issue as everyone else, the game freezes alot and if the version we pay for is the same story might aswell give it to us for free. So is it the same? Or any better?
U gogh
I don't know why, But it keeps on shutting down every time I slice Dojo and Classic! Please fix it
I just installed tried playing and it already froze up! Uninstalling asap
used to run but latest update causes app freeze cant even start a game
I think this game is so fun it feels you r in the game Shaharah Wilson
Force closes on huwaie ascend 2
I just download this game and it froze soon as it started up ........... That was eat the end of this game
not downloading
laggy dont get unless ur fones really good
I personally like the idea but the game itself gets boring after 30 minutes tops. You should add some tournaments and it'd be great if we could play against each others! I'll give you a 1 star for now.
on my phone it kept on blacking the screen out and reloading.
Best game ever :D
I can't get past the loading feint.
I face problem 403 when i m going to download it. My cell micromax a45
Just got a brand nw lg spectrum. fruit ninja is not working. Worked great on my last lg spectrum.
Gets stuck on my phone!!!
Every time  I slice mre thn one frut in da gam it shuts off! Great time wastr though
Sucks! Evertym I open it, it's a totally black view with a chirping birds sound..uninstall!
All of the openfeint just keeps stopping suddenly and I have to force close it!!!!!!!!!!
It sucks get a new game
Tries to open openfeint a million times such that I cant even slice a single fruit before my game is paused and redirected to damned openfeint. Get rid of it or I'll have no intention of paying for the full version.
Really wanted to try this app but after I slice about 10 fruits the game just shuts down & phone goes back to home screen
It's pretty good. Luv the piano blade!!!
This game sucks never get,it
Plays great, no lag on my evo design. Just didn't like the game.
Fruit ninja won't install on my phone
How do you play a game when it keeps on freezing and forcing close.
Keeps freezing !
This lags SO much. Give an update soon please. I love the game, but the lag is driving me nuts!
On opening it tries to both offer another app to download and open feint. This combo results in a never ending loop so un installed.
Can't instal on my HTC EVO 3D 4.0.3
It is so much fun! It doesnt glitch or freeze! Very intertaining
Cant us all fingrs  Worst game ever
Its gay
Got crashed like ten times
It freezes up all the time.
I like fruit ninja best game
It is always getting FROZEN AND THEN JUST STAY LIKE THAT AND IT IS NOT SAVING MEMORY!!
Cool
Auto close then make phone lag if youre trying to sell your app youre doing a bad job.
Cool!!!
Not challenging at all. Pretty boring. Uninstall.
I like it but it always freezes please fix it I always play it whrn I wake up p
Sluggish performance and crashes constantly on EVO 3D
It don't even load from the black screen when you first click on the app -.-
I can't even get past the home screen. It just freezes and restarts over and over again. Sucks. Don't download it
It keeps freezing & then exits out by itself . Keeps happening EVERY time i play .
I love this game!
I m giving only 1star jus coz it dosnt work properly on my fone it crash every now n then Plz fix it I luv dis game
Couldn't get above 70. It kept crashing all the time. Google Nexus One
Always get a black screen when playing or loading
I have the iPhone version, which has more fun options, never stops working, never goes to black screen and stops working, doesn't freeze my phone, and doesn't bombard you with 5 million ads.  They obviously believe Apple products deserve better programming than Android.  Delete!
I would give no stars BC it continues to freeze!!!!!
Before I even get to the title screen it shut off.... Very sad. It used to be my favorite game.
Never gets past loading page
Didnt even open once. Wasnt even able to play it and it made me force close the app before it was even open
As soon as I started playing this game on my phone my phone would black out every 10 mins or so and I wouldn't turn on
This sucked
game is fun but if I get a frenzy in arcade mode or I make too big of a swipe, it crashes. fix it. I didn't always have this problem.
استغفر الله العظيم
I hate this game don pky it
This game doesn't even work on my galaxy s2.. Constantly freezes and locks up. Would be awesome but it doesn't work.
it dsnt work it jus says force close dats y i rated it 1 star
Getting a msg invalid packet
O
Om
Freezes constantly
I am so addicted to this game!!!
If i could give no stars i would...it keeps foreclousing on me....this is a trick...dont install
I love this game
I always play this game! Its very addicting
I always play this game! Its very addicting
It force close evry time i try to open it.....0 stars cuz i cant play it
Doesn't open on my phone. Takes days to load. HTC EVO 4g LTE
No pomegrante this one sucks
Vhdgdbtg
I had downloaded a while back and all of sudden it started to force close:(
Worth tge install
In the middle of the game it closes . Its  very annoying . Please fix !
There seems to be a bug which prevents the galaxy note from playing this (it gets stuck loading for some reason)
it keeps sending pics to my phone. make it stop!!
no where near as good as ios. you can notice that the intervals and way they throw up the fruit is a pattern, its not random. hugely frustrating when youre on a streak and then the 2x2 fruit with a bomb comes up. look out for it, you'll notice it.
It could be a really fun game, but it keeps freezing on my bionic, I'd rate it higher, but I've lost several times sure to the freeze, i ended up deleting it
It wont work..   i tried 20 times.
I love this game but too glitchy. Constantly having to force close. Also freezes and blacks out the screen.
As soon as I downloaded it it force closed so I down loaded it again and the same thing happened. I wasted 15 minutes of my life trying to down load this stupid game. Never again
The game freezes with my galaxy s 3. This issue is unique to this phone. All other installed games and apps work just fine.  Its a fun game but this app fails to function properly. Tjis ia why im rating it 1 star.
Erratic, goes black and then says "loading feint", unusable.
Freezes around 20 secs into the game every time, uninstalled!
Freezes up on the first slice. Fix it -.- did not even get to play
Crashed several times and locks my phone up.
UGH
Freeses everytime i open the app on my phone
This game is stupid and constantly freezes in my S3.
It keeps force closing. Downloading it again, let's hope it won't force close again
It wouldent start up
I hate it
Mad game
I couldn't even open up to the title screen it kept crashing so much.
I like the game, played it on my friends phone, but a lot of bugs
jjxhdjjruuiduieiiddiiuhhfiriuehhruuduuruuruduudd hhjjhhhhhhhjkhxhudhsjijj
once i get to the five fruits at once, the app force closes.
X
it is rather slow.
I love this app.. I have it on my Kindle, I touch and tried installing it on my s3.. Failed.. Doesn't load. Uninstalling app.
Awsome
The free app always closes when I am playing for no reason.  It's not freezing it or closes and runs in the background, it just shuts down.
Constant freezing, screen goes black anytime you get a message or notification.
Too many glitches! Can't play the game because its always shutting down!!
No change in gameplay for over an year. Also this app is causing my phone to constantly vibrate and no option to disable it.
Crashes when I try to open app
doesn't work on my galaxy s3, keeps showing an ad every time i launch
Trololol
Game keeps crashing, even after reinstall. Tech support doesn't respond.
Straight crashes after playing for 2 minutes, screen turns black.
Every time the game ends and i like get a new blade or background it freezes and i don't get the blade or background. Makes me so mad!
It goes black during the game almost every single time and I noticed its mostly always when the add is a video. It's really annoying...
Jam this game daily in the bus
STOP RAPPING TO ALL THE REVIEWS CONAL YOU ARE GIVING ME A HEADACHE. RAP TO THIS... I DARE YOU.
Is kool and fun to play when bored :)
Force closes, crashes phone.
Bad games
Awsome game
Force closing for first game?
Its a fun game and all but now when i play it works until it freezes then it takes me back to where i was and i lose the stuff i got and have to start over
stupid ads keep getting in the way and then it freezes my phone.
The ads wont go away
Game freezes all the time. Also has a ad glitch when starting up the app. I have gone threw three phones in a month. All have froze from this game.
FIX IT
It doesnt work don't download
It is not working on my phone
Chutiya hai bilkul koi download na karo
Dhrkdjid taik
Glitches to much because of advertisement and then game freezes
I play half of a game and it closes its so annoying if u dont fix it im going to get so MAD!!!!!!!!!! TO LATE!!!!!!
j
I found it addictictive on my friends Ipad. But it won't open, it keeps force closing. :-(
Poor game!! Free fruit ninja on android runs very slow nd has poor graphics.I play fruit ninja on my mom's nokia C7 nd really addivtive game nd having fun while playing this game.
Openfeint doesn't load, just hangs on loading screen.....
Its a bad game I would of give it more stars but it freezes my phone and too many adds Plz fix
I just downloaded and it's rubbish wont even open
Nothing good. Nothing bad
SUCKSSSSSSS !!!!
I dont like this game  keeps freezeing my phone and too many adds slowing my phone down
Too many advertisements
Awesome
Bb
I was looking forward to this game on my Nexus S (with Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0) but it wouldn't even load.
It is fun but quite boring
Says "loading feint" and won't go past that screen. Can't even play it. Samsung Galaxy S3.
Shum e mirë
I have a Droid and it continues to freeze every time I swipe a group of fruit! I was excited to see the game, but uninstalled it because I haven't been able to finish one!
most addictive game ever- star rating out of anger only- grates my cheese when it force close
always always and I mean always force close whenever I do a combo slice. freaken sucks! fix please!
Just downloaded the app & can't even play because ads keep popping up after like only 2 pieces of fruit. And if it's not an ad, it's freezing up constantly. Uninstalling
took 3 hours to install i downloaded fruit slice in 2 minutes
I sort of got addicted to it. Its a really great game! Loved it!
Very realistic & enjoyable
Rajul
It just force closed the game
Gets hanged every 10secs
I didn't like the fact that it just went black in the middle of my game and the adds were TERRIBLE!!!!!
Every time I try to play, I get to about 6 or 7 slices when an ad pops up. The ad takes up the whole screen while the game continues in the background. Making you lose. Do not download.
I downloaded this game around 1pm yesterday.  Today at 9:30am I received an alert about my data plan exceeding 65% utilization.  After reviewing my data plan detail, I noticed 27MB were "SENT" from my phone to who knows where....  I did notice two ads (one video and one image/web page) during the time I played the game (less than 10 minutes).  Main concern, I have no idea if there is malware that came attached to the game.  I have no idea of what data was sent from my phone and to who.  There is no way of knowing if the installed program had access to my home network computers since I have my phone set up to access my network via WiFi.
I opened this game and it crashed as soon I pressed new game please fix and I'll rate 5 star overall it still a good game
Freezes phone during game play and when exiting
As soon I opened it a ad popped up and when I closed it the game froze!!!
Love the game but it closes up on you after awhile
Keeps crashing
My comment is that when ever i play this game it freezes so please fix so can not freeze my fruit ninja booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Very slow.  Constantly stalls.
Won't even open
Take the fuckin ads off the game!!!!!
Full screen commercials... Ridiculous!... Uninstalled!
Just installed and it just keeps force closing
aneh
Sucks
Good game..to many advertisements. And if u pay for it u will get the same thing. Instead the advertisements are called rewards!. I would give it more stars when they fix it.still fun to pay though
I love this game so much it is fun
On a galaxy s3, game freezes right on 1st loading screen. Uninstalled.
Says loadin and crashes...its happenin for days already!
Pointless because you can't actually get to the game because of "openfaint" which just keeps loading and crashing. Very poor bug.
Open and block my samsung s3 cant try
Very good game. So fun when u have nothing to do or when you are bored!!!! :-)
It would say Loading Feint for an age ...and not actually load anything
Works amazing on my s3. So far I find no problems except it does seem a tad bit slower than on ios...but still good!
Its AWESOME!!!
One day I was playing this game and it force closed and i lost every unlockable i got every thing then poof my data corrupted not cool >:(
Slice,slice,slice!    fun:)
Because this is soooo outdated.  ios version is 2 years ahead if this version. And what about monster dash and jetpack joyride for android?!  Not cool.
Always freezes n does a black screen then nothing. Havnt even got past the menu options. Please fix this.
The Game is Nice But crap It's Not Downloading....Please Fix The Problem.
Need update
Piece of sh.t
really enjoyed playing this game until it got boring. my mum on the other hand is now addicted. will i ever get my phone back?
It won't down load its crap
All of a sudden it stopped working!!!! I don't  know why but can some one tell me please? Thnx
Use to play on my itouch, burnt after i switch to my nexus, it would just show a flashing black screen
Use to play on my itouch, burnt after i switch to my nexus, it would just show a flashing black screen
Good job
gshjcdhffswy gdfjvv fjjjjjjjkkkkkkkkk j j k k mkk
Is there a faster way that i can get this app installed? Dont even have that many apps!
Fix the crashing bug!!! This game sucks with the on and off of the crashing when im playing.dont play this game until they say the glitch is PERMANENTLY fixed!!!!!!
Loading feint? I would just like to play. I let it load for 10 minutes before I gave up.
Whereas the giant grande fruite at the end if arcade mode?????????
Bad game
Ita a good game but to,many   ads
waste time
Horrible
Every tine I try to play this game it gets force closed or freezes. What the heck? Please fix.
Rubbish
Every time i get a combo it freezes. Lame fruit slice way better
Unfortunately, the game is unplayable on xperia u. Freezes on start screen.
It is a good game.
Sad graphics n sad touch response..
Sucks. It takes to much space on my phone ! OMG OMG OMG OMG .sucks
1 star until loading feint issue fixed
This is a very great game but this is buns
Wouldnt work.
Kept freezing and force closed so I uninstalled. Also, the screen kept going black.
wont let me open it
Won't get past the loading fient or what ever its called
Idk how but u better find a way to bring back my highscore cuz I worked mighty hard getting it so I dont kno whats going on but you better fix it....and u get one star from me until you do!!!!
Having played this game on 4 android phones. It is safe to conclude this app was poorly coded on the Android system. The gameplay is not smooth, fairly buggy and when I play it on the iphone it just feels better.
Force close... Junk
Took ages to load and kept having issues! Ended up uninstalling, but would have liked it. I know it to be a fun game.
I've had this game sitting on my phone for less than a week, and have not had the chance to play with it yet (I've not even opened it). In checking my data usage, it says that your app has used 216MB of *background* data. Mind telling me why the hell your app is using this much of my data without me ever even opening it? [GSM Galaxy Nexus - Jelly Bean 4.1.1]
I finally got the shadow blade I had two blades left b4 I had everything unlocked I cud have gotten pixel love today but ur stupid app wudnt even load. I'm serious it wud load the halfbrick logo then it wud forclose itself then go back to the screen the app was on!! Really love this game but this has to be fixed or I'm nvr downloading again.
Stupid.
It said "swag"
Every 10 seconds or so, a new ad would interrupt my play, and after so many video ads, my phone crashed
It sucks keep freezing with the galaxy 2!!!
Don't work on my phone
This is a peace a crap  ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew victim -_- its like u dont no how to say ur abc's qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm  its like u sniffed crack before u made this game
NO HD FRUIT NINJA FOR SAMSUNG
Freezes up my phone. I hate it
Love the game but there is not update and everytime I slice the first fruit now it freezes and then quits on its own...also I uninstalled and then reinstalled and nothing changed
Keeps freezing but everything esle is great.
Finished an arcade round..and as it is counting up it force closes..no matter what I do! Fix for 5 stars!
After making sure I had sufficient memory I installed this game. Unfortunately, after install, each time I tried to open it would instantly force close. I restarted my phone many times and still, it would force close. I would love to play this game, but simply can't...
After making sure I had sufficient memory I installed this game. Unfortunately, after install, each time I tried to open it would instantly force close. I restarted my phone many times and still, it would force close. I would love to play this game, but simply can't...
What could have been an enjoyable diversion was marred by intrusive ads that occurred far too often.
It doesnt work 4 me      i try to install it but does not install
Plzz make it work!!!
I have 
ZTE racer
The app is great but it freezes and it goes and pops up adds right in the middle of the gameand it also freezes or gets a black screen so im uninstalling and 1 star till it is fixed
Swiping barely works.
How long do I have to wait for this "loading feint..." ?
It won't even open.
I love its awsome.
This is a beasty game
This is a beasty game
Constantly crashes. Galaxy S3
When I play arcade mode and i get high combos it would freeze on me then automatically shut down on me. If I played classic mode I'd get a black screen in the middle of the match nd it would continue to play leaving me unable to see. I use Samsung galaxy S 2.please fix.
It freezes on my phone. The slices get delayed.
Not sure why, but after working like a charm for weeks, this game doesn't even load anymore. One star until something gets fixed.
So i download it and it says invalid packadge, i need help :l ! Please help me i really want to play.
Ok, as i'm writing this, it is STILL INSTALLING! Is it just my phone or is it normal for it to take 10 minutes to install... ?? Anyway, I had to uninstall the first time I got it because it WOULD NOT OPEN!! Fix please!! ♥♥Mosa
This is my third time downloadimg it super sloe lots ads worst game ive played fix it
I love this game it amazing
Screen just goes black. I was looking forward to playin it too. :-( coz i had played it on my friends ipad and it worked fine so 5 stars for that. Im using a ZTE Racer ll so fix this and ill give u my 5 stars.
Doesn't work
This game is awesome
Waste of time when downloading
When I was playing the screen went completely black....
Takes Decades to Download!
Nice game but too many ads.
Terrible game don't get it's a virus
Its very adictive amazing game download now! Lol
I like the game but it keeps shutting off while I'm playing....... Please fix.
Fix it
This is Way better on ipod touch than STUPID ANDROIDS REALLY MAKE ANDROIDS WWWAAAYYY BETTER
Are ridiculous!
Nice game .. :) wish fruit ninja: puss in boots will also be free :)
Very bad
Force closes every time i try to open it. Uninstall.
Takes for ever
Lags n crashes.... I deleted it
When ever I play this game my phone shuts off . I would like u to mix it
Why i can't download it.
Erased ALL of my highscores & rewards. please fix.
I have this game now n it keeps frezzin up on me and sending me back home it sucks im sad it took me over half n hour to download this thing and it keeps freezing up on me =|
It wont open on my DROIDX 2 it just shows the halfbrick loading screen.
Coolest game ever
This game is nice, but I wish they would come out with a better version for the Samsung Galaxy S3. Game play is overall good, but slightly buggy, which is something that most games don't do on my phone. The resolution of the game is not so good either. Things don't look bad, but they could be much better. If it's updated, it would be a five star game! The ads are beginning to get really bad too.
I've been trying to unlock a sword for over a week now. And once i got it, the game froze and closed itself and i didn't get it ! Uninstalled
Every time I attempt to load this app it crashes before reaching the home screen. If this could be fixed the game would be much better.
I love the game but it freezes and I can't get my phone to work unless I turn my phone of and back on my phone take a long time to turn on so I just deleted the app and uploaded ninja chicken witch is an awesome game. You should try it out
I have to uninstall n thn reinstall ths game. Irz crashes so oftenly nw a days.  ths s 5th tym.. m reinstalling aftr unstalling due to same isssue of freezing up and force close... Fix d issue.
Best game
It's a fun game but it forecloses too much
Its an awesome way to pass the time but I have been having so many issues with the app. Sometimes it just freezes or force closes half way through. -exhibit 2
It a good game but the screen goses black in the middle of the game and it needs more blades I have had it for a week and I got every blade
Its taking ages to download please fix as I love this game 2 stars
First , I had to attempt to download it three times , & now I can't even set a high score on anything without it shutting itself down . Hatin' it .
My problem is that it's  so slow like seriously!on my iPod its slot faster so sorry but 2 stars for me!
Every time I attempt to play a round,the game freezes and force close!! very annoying PLEASE FIX!!
I had this game for iphone and really liked it. I find this one laggy though
Slowed down my phone all the time ... Terrible experience
Screen disappears while playing, stops swiping while play please fix these bugs then it will be great
Dosent work in my galaxy ace when i open its says force close .... Useless
Crashes very frequently!!!
hc
The app crashes while playing or the screen freezes. I liked this game on my iphone but not here.
Worked well for a little while, then started pausing randomly in the middle of three game and loading a weird `feint` message when you open it. Unin stalled it cause it crashed after a while. I have a Samsung Galaxy 2 Epic.
To many ads and shutdown just trying to load the app
Freezing to much
is this fun
The app does not respond to my swypes.workwd fine,now crashes.please fix for 5 star
Why does it have different things on samsung then the iphone i find it outrageous that they are not the same
Nice game. But still lagging behind when it comes to game updates from other versions of the game.
This is not that great
Da game is so old its older than my g g g g great grandma
This is a good game to pass time but why is this 2 whole versions behind ios and 1 version behind the one that costs money? This game has had no updates in too long.... i
Fullscreen ads regularly try to load during play. Often they only show a black screen. Gotten sick of them disrupting the game.
i judt downloaded it and it does not work RIDICULOUS !!!!!
I don't know if its my smexy phone or the game but uninsalle is going to be used
Every single time I would try to unlock the "party blade" the game would freeze! I would have to unistall the game and redownload it meaning I lost all my blades! Halfbrick, please make it compatible with the galaxy s!
So fun
I didn't like this after downloading 15MB it became as an error i did this for about 3 times
As vezes deixa de funcionar quando apanho 2 bananas e tambem a lamina nao funciona ,tenho de recomecar para funcionar.lg optimus. 2x
Love this game! but just downloaded it and has already frozen 4 times in the past 5 minutes time to uninstall:( hope it gets fixed
Not good for alcatel!! It always lag!!
Cool game but always freezes when in a round, the adds pop up and get in the way! Please fix as it is a good game!
Itz good but it keeps freezing and going blank. FIX IT!Update, its crashing all the time now. This needs to be sorted out.
fix it now please! Other is slow a nd cuts out.
Needs More swords
Game is addictive but it freezes almost every time i play. It will also freeze and then close on its own right in the middle of a game at least 7 out of 10 times. Fix and ill rate 5 stars
I like this game but always hang
I like the game but it keeps on hanging and shutting down. Additionaly, ads are annoying. Older versions were better.
was gett ing quite annoying because it was slow -_-
This game is extremely addictive but it freezes too much to keep. Im thinkin about uninstalling before it harms my phone
OpenFeint will  not stop opening, keeps taking back to leoading page
This is a fun game, but i mean come on. This couldve ruined my phone.
Love this game but sometimes it make me want to eat some fruit
Game constantly freezes while trying to play. Not a fan.
It is boring
It keeps force closing , -.-
game is fun but if I get a frenzy in arcade mode or I make too big of a swipe, it crashes. fix it. I didn't always have this problem.
keeps freezing & the screen keeps going black.
But I've heard its fun
its a good game and all but i have a galaxy youth and it constantly frezes and force closes! ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Every time i attempt to play it freezes up and says its not responding.  Guess im gonna just delete it. No since having a game if i cant play it.
It freezes n then screen goes black :-(
Screen blanks out in the middle of game. Game should force screen on while game is on.
keeps crashing 2 seconds in :(
it works fine on my galaxy nexus, but just as i start to make some progress, it crashes, then i have to uninstall and download it again! what to do?
V
It's fun, until it turns crap, REALLY slow. It's too easy and most of the time it doesn't open. Overall it's ok
Used to work fine but now crashes and freezes every time I play. Uninstalling. (Nexus Galaxy)
I have the new galaxy s3 and it freezes when you slice a large group at the same time it seems. Uninstalled until it gets fixed. Seems really fun though.
Rçc4rvsxcoldxzxerzzrcxrxxxexxe"xxmxxomxxmfmkmxrefrmoxexw"f3xzz_zmzxxxexxeoxkmdcdroxte$	3xz
It runs rough on my device.pls fix it and ill give 5stars
Game crashed every time I got more than a 4+ combo.
Average
App crashes out locks up too often on my Droid Bionic.
Constantly crashed on my LG Optimus S.  Fun while it worked.
Fun game! But since updating to ics freezes and crashes. "Graphics fix" reduces the frequency from every game to every three but this is still too frequent to be enjoyable.
Fun game but as I play it stops the game and it keeps saying loading feint and reloads and back to the gray screen. Does that 6/7 time then loads completly. Uninstalled and reinstalled but now I can't get to the game doesnt load.
Always loading Feint, never finishes. I used to be able to back out of that screen but now I can't. Useless.
slicing dont work properly, it is very slow, I prefer fruit slice as its graphics are better and it runs faster
Fun game, just wish it would stop crashing and let is actually complete a game. My kids would really enjoy it!
At first it was working great then today I opened it and it crashed and it did so 3 more times .finally it opened but when I sliced new game it froze ,I reopened it and sliced dogo and it froze!!!!!! if not fixed in a couple days it will be uninstalled and instead I'll download fruit slice!
I think that the game was okay but it wasnt the best that I think it was
Good game
It was good but I NEVER got a pomogrante, or the rare fruit. Plus I had to uninstall it from my phone bc it didn't work and it froze.
Very fun game but frequently crashes on my phone. Sometimes I can not get through a single game without it randomly shutting down.
They pop up too randomly. Sometimes in the middle of gameplay. It's ridiculous.
This game used to be fun ...just reinstalled it because it freezes up EVERY TIME I play
I think it is rubbish
Its corny
Game constantly jumps to a black screen, and needs to be restarted. VERY annoying. There is a checkbox in the game options that is supposed to fix it, but it doesn't. The game is fairly lame anyway since it's just the same thing over and over & not much fun. I'd rather play minesweeper.
Gets laggy after a few seconds. Never used to do this first O.o
M
What is this plz fix iy?
I'm surprised how much this game sucked on my Samsung Galaxy S3! I mean, it actually ran smoother and better on my slow as hell itouch! Plus, the dojo isn't as updated and they don't even have that other cart the iTunes store has. I think I'm gonna uninstall and stick to my itouch now..
Hi hi hi ........
Game freezes and cant play had to re install...
Bad graphics and it froze and never unfroze in the first five minutes of play. Uninstalled
It is very slow my best score is256
Really good
Great game right up until it crashes which is most times I play. Oh well, another one to uninstall. Great concept which is why it gets 2 stars.
It kinda gets boring after awhile.
I'm on a DROID razor and it force closes on me every time I begin to play, I would buy the full version, but I am afraid it would just do the same thing
It was ok just that it was really slow. If u want to waste your time install this game!
Keeps force closing so annoying  I keep installing and  Unistalling plz FIX
Good game..to many advertisements. And if u pay for it u will get the same thing. Instead the advertisements are called rewards!. I would give it more stars when they fix it.still fun to pay though
I have a Ideos and it can't work.   But played it on friend fone but it wuz beta
Fun game, but too many force closings!
Dosn't work smoothly in my device
The game goes blank for an stupid advertisment .but its fun
Not good, takes for ever!!!!!!!!
the game freezes too much
This is a fun game but WAY to laggy! This game is better of on apple
I love this game
It force closes and black screen...but I know It's an amazing game so gave it two stars
Fun then again lame but its great
Rubsh game no point wtf
Liked It At First Then Bamm!! I Played It Like 7 Times Then It Stoped Working I Was Mad:(
I Love the game but if it not freezing then it shuts off. Vice versa. This need to be fix. Also in the middle of a game it goes to a black screen. Not cool. Fix this pls.
Love it on iPhone, hate it on Android. Why do I barely see bombs on the iPhone and here only bombs? When I start to get into a combo run, then there are always 3 or 4 bombs and maybe 1 or 2 fruits. Also way less bananas then on iPhone. Why did you change all that for Android?
Dont instal this game because this game ga apix
Would b 4 stars but it keeps giving me misses for no reason
Love the game but there is not update and everytime I slice the first fruit now it freezes and then quits on its own...also I uninstalled and then reinstalled and nothing changed
Addictive but impossible to unlock shadow blade
Freezes my Bionic
Random freeze, force close, and black screen. Nothing compared to playing on iphone. Wth.
It always freezes and theres way to many adds.
Loveit
I know this game is great from an older phone, but it crashes every time I get a combo on my Galaxy Nexus
In arcade mode when I hit a frenzy the game locks up and crashes....everytime
When I start a level in classic, my screen goes black... yet the game continues. I have to exit the app, then open it to get to the pause screen to play the game. Annoying.
Constantly goes to a black screen in middle of gameplay.
Love this game...
Boring X(X(
This game was exactly wat i expected it to be
It's a fun enough game, but it shuts down mid-game every 3rd or 4th game.
The screen goes blank mid-game but the timer and scorer don't stop and ever 20 seconds swiping up and down it activated the task bar. Annoying.
It was going well then i got on it again and everything was erased
Its a fun and addicting game but it kept force closing and quitting right when i got up there in points... uninstalled
Why i can't download it.
Awesumisticaloveablebest game...<3<3<3
Keeps force closing every minute
To many pop ups!!!
But it gets old after a while. Used to be fun. Trust me, u will uninstall after at least two months
Good for android
Fun game but it is rather buggy. Would be great if it didn't freeze all the time.
I enjoy it but right now it won't let even open up please help me fix this problem so I can rate the game higher
I really dont play this on a regular basis and kinda expected more
This a pretty cool and fun app.
Ok
L
Its a really nice game but it hangs a lot. I guess its not compatible with ics properly yet.
FORCE CLOSING AND IT'LL BE 5 FREAKING STARS
I love this game
It was good till after a while now if always force closes and won't respond uninstalling now!
.u
Theres abug on samsung galaxy ace it keeps freezing and shutting itself down
VERY SLOW
Slows down I don't no why
This game keeps freaking closing down on its self its freaking annoying duuude fix it I just got all the swords again I don't want to do it all over again
Why does this app want my location :0
Please fix the bug because on my phone it freezes and shuts down. Sorry but I uninstalled it. But when it's okay I'll surely install it again. Thanks anyway.
Its a fun game but my phone keeps crashing!
When I first got it, it was awsome. As day's went by it got boring.
This game needs to be updated. It needs new blades and backgrounds. jetpack joyride needs to be released on android.
Good game  4 star yeah!
It's when you've got nothing to do but nothing to get excited over.
Cool fun
The game is great but you have said their would be a new update sadly were still waiting so please update!! :-) i will give it 5 stars when update.you have updated the paid version but not the free version!!!!!!
great game BUT IT FREEZES ALL the time n shuts down all the time on it's own and that is annoying!!!! plz fix this issue
Game is awesome
Fun game with some good features. But seriously when is the update. On other stores they already have more fruit, a store, multiplayer, on line multiplayer, more swords, and who knows what else. We have the same thing iPod has had more than 2 years ago! Update pleeeeeese
Good enough to prevent from getting bored. Best fun can be experienced when played akong with a freind.
Needs more swords and backgrounds to win
It was fun at first until I couldn't even get through a game without it crashing.
I tink is a good game lol
0919882
Its okay i guess if you like ninjas or fruits or both
This games closes unexpectedly.  I have even uninstalled and re-installed the game.  The app still freezes.  This is a fun game, but the freezing is getting annoying.  Fix this game.
Freezes too often
Hatsoff
I instaled it and it just fidnt go on it cant be my phon because i just got it 2 day srriously please fix theese problems
very nice
Cool
Ok so i love the game but in arcade mode after a frenzy banna it will freeze and then crash fix please im on samsung galaxy proclaim once fixed ill give 5 stars
My daughter loves playing this game at Dave & Buster's so I ,after checking out the positive reviews, thought I'd download it onto my Motorola XPRT for her. It was fine for the first couple of days. Even I'd become addicted to it. After the 3rd day, it would freeze right in the middle of a game. I'd have to pop the battery. It became more of a nuisance so I uninstalled. I might try to install it again in the future. I hope I have better luck if I do so.
This game is so fun and addicting, but is has a glitch. The screen will go black and random times and I end up just quiting the game. And it does this like five times in one day!! Seriously? Please fix and  I will give five stars.
Ok game really hard but fun
gooooood
I loved this game, fun and addictive until it started freezing. it freezes usually when I'm arcade mode and have sliced a bonus banana, mostly the frenzy power up. UGH... uninstall to reinstall later.
I cant download it !!!!
It's a pretty fun game and all, aside from one tiny issue. If it wouldn't crash and force close all the time, I'd love it. Please fix ASAP.
Truly addictive and fun game!.
I like it but its not the most exiting game out there
Good time killer, but the ads sometimes interupts the game, and slows it down.
This game is great...but sometimes when I play it would just suddenly freeze and the screen would turn black. I really hope u can be able to fix this problem:)
This is a great game but needs to be fixed. It always crashes and now won't even open at all I've had to uninstall twice
its a good game and keeps u busy for a while but force closes
Its a bunch of boolybab!! :o I have no idea what boolybab means but ya know
My feint won't open!!! Help!!!!!!
Sometimes it randomly goes black and stays black. When it works I love it though.
Its an awsum game I wud hav given 5 bt it freezes a lot pls fix it
Its an awsum game I wud hav given 5 bt it freezes a lot pls fix it
Its an awsum game I wud hav given 5 bt it freezes a lot pls fix it
People with the Sprint Galaxy Nexus have been complaining that fruit ninja doesn't load on open feint. All you have to do is press back button when it loads open feint is press the back button. Or you can go into airplane mode and load it  But still wished you can have openfient.
What the heck for weeks now  as soon as  I open it closes! Why? It was woring perfectly before, such a good game too
It ok
Beautiful Game, Manchester graphics, but since sister the same creators jetpack I would ask you to take on Android
I like this game
Good
Dont know what all the hype is about.
Oops getting damn annoyed ......once again it shut down without my permission. :(
It is a good game but always freezes other than that its k .
I like the game when it  works. However, I am extremely frustrated when I am busy trying to be an awesome fruit ninja and the game just freezes or closes by itself. It happens often.
Its very lines on your butty its like the stank breath all day its like ..... You
I love this game... I usually don't play games on my phone bet When I'm outta internet or service I love playing it - Kyleigh <3
So i think that friut nage is one of the most fun games to play on a smart phone.
Add gutsu's cart
Love it when it works! But hate when it crashes
Nice game but then keeps freezing all-time..fix this plsss
Sumtimes it freezes and send me to my homepage
my moms favoriate game.....she loves the game.....so five points
Amazing game. Really addictive. The one drawback is that it keeps shutting down. This is the third time I'm installing it. Fix it ASAP.
Not the best it keeps freezing and to many advertisements but its cool
Suberb game i love it because it is intresting Fatima
Would b 5 but shuts down evry time I use it
Ninja
Gud
Fun game but it keeps freezing.
I like this game
I found swiping the screen hard on my Sony Ericsson Xperia X10. Great fun and addictive though
This lags SO much. Give an update soon please. I love the game, but the lag is driving me nuts!
That's why I gave it a 2 star because it frerezes in the middle of the game!!!
I love this game, but now when I click on it the screen turns black and it wont show :(
Very fun, but have had it freeze when trying to access leaderboard or trying to quit the game and continue to run in the background even after trying to quit the app.
Oooooooooo              :-[
Good but not good enough
Its fun but so hard and my phone keeps shutting down when I play it                                                                       Kalyse is awesome:-)                         Peace out                          Oh ya                     Kalyse                         Is                           Awesome                           :-)                    Cya                                       -KALYSE
Cool
It is good but not great
It's a great game.. but the ads is intrusive, and slowing down the game.. you need to show the ads some other way.
mega lag
Soo annoying just keeps on freezing me which is REALLY annoying because im in the middle of a game please fix otherwise I'm gonna uninstall!!!!! :(
Cool
Umm it's not working any more, it openness then clickers itself, it doesn't need a upgrade, but it's not working anymore sooo....
Can't go into leaderboards on HTC EVO LTE
This game is fun. Just wish it wouldnt force close :(
Its an OK game I guess
It's really addictive but it keeps force closing every couple of minutes; it's extremely annoying. (sprint lg optimus).
Nice
This game force closes on me every time I start slicing the fruit . I mean like EVERY TIME I PLAY!!!  Its getting to the point that I cant even play!!! I just want uninstall it! Cause its taking up space on my phone when I cant even play it for a minute!
I crash quite frequently, during a game and even when i reach the end results
Great
I like this game
Seems stuck in a loop going from loading screen to some form of offer and back to loading screen (Samsung Galaxy S3). Will try it again after next update. Love everything else Halfbrick has done sine the start.
Heard about this game through friends and thought I would try it. First impressions werent great with it taking five minutes to load and having a bunch of adverts. When the game got started I thought it was very good with excellent graphics and picked up the touch screen immediately , loved all the colours too. But when the game ended many adverts popped up interupting my game and blocking the retry button so I couldnt play again. Had to delete app. I know it is a free app but cut the adds and it will be 5
But the problem is it keeps blacking out
I love this game^.^ but ever since i updated my phone it takes to long to load feint fix it pwease!
Uhhh I love this game but it always shutsdown during a game
Love the game, but it keeps freezing and going to black screen.
Its a great app! Awsome n addictive..! But these days..it keeps force closing..! Please fix..!!!!!
Fruit ninja has been fine on my phone since yesterday when everytime I open it closes please fix it!!
It works great but it some times loads really slow but its worth the wait its awesome!
Great game to kill time it gets addictive after a while. : )
Its like a breast. I like this!!!
Gets old quick...
Great game very addicting... but needs fixed. Every time I play it it makes my screen go black like its asleep when its not but you can still hear it playing an it really messes you up cuz you can't see. Uninstalling till it gets fixed.
This game is fun but it freezes up too much.
Game hangs a lot on Atrix 2
It keeps freezing and has a lot of lag.
Yyhhhyy
Cool  game
Is it only me? Freezes while I'm playing.
loves this game...
@
Loved it until today. Force closes everytime I get a combo or critical.Don't want to uninstall this but I will if its not fixed soon!
Congratulations!!!! This app is 1 year old and still very gud Luv it...
The game needs to be same for Android as it is for iOS this is racism.
It's fun
Will this app ever be updated?
pretty good game, though it freezes sometimes when i go to hit a fruit. need to fix. kthankks.
Great game really fun but every time I slice a fruit now it closes doesn't even forceclose it just randomly closes , please fix cause i like this game
Force closes whenever the screen gets a moderately large amount of fruit on it and I get a combo, incredibly annoying.
The iPhone fruit ninja has more options in the free version. Still fun tho
Popular game
V
Y d hell does dis force close..plz fix oder wise 5 stars
The game is gd but it keeps crashing!This is my third time re-installing.
Nice slice..
My game just stop when i get a triple frenzy please solve this !
Crashes every time a swipe touches the edge of the screen.
Freezes way too much.
Love the game but it always freezes. Already had to reinstall once because everytime i tried to get on it it stopped working. Uninstall. It has become worse.
Great
Very simple, but so entertaining!! ~Kayla(:
Plz gt more new fruits to make d game interesting..im tried playin wid same fruits.
this app is great
Pretty fun but even with the graphics setting my screen goes black in the middle of my games. Fix it NOW please.
This is a good game but it freezes up all the time.
After getting 2 power up bananas in arcade mode at the same time, the game suddenly crashed. Are there any bugs? Pls do fix it if ever. I love this game and I don't wanna uninstall it. :'(
It freezes slot with my phone and sometimes it causes lagging (when your phone gets hot.) And to many ads I mean im not paying for the same fruit ninja with the same qualities as the free one . But overall good fame
I really like this game. It has better graphics than "Fruit Slice". However, it force closes too much and freezes a lot while I'm trying to slice the fruits. It also takes up too much memory.
Waffles
My little girl and I enjoy this game
Good game
really a fun and relaxing game...but occasionally will hang and freeze then forced close on my Samsung Galaxy S2...hopefully this issues will be resolved soon by the update version..nevertheless..it is a great game
NiceB-)
App
No Hd for sony xperia s
Game is good but after some time its boring  the one thing u do in this game is CUT CUT and CUT
Pretty good game when I play it elsewhere, but on my android huawei, it is so slow that I can't even slice the fruit to get started. Fix the time delay and five stars it is!
Its ok when u r bored
Blurg
can you please fix the freezing issue on the galaxy s2??
Screen freezes when I quit the game.....otherwise cool game..:-)
It's starting to freeze black out and foreclose... I really loved this game..... And now it won't load... Keeps saying loading feint... Please fix or I will be forced to uninstall
Lags out and I suggest u don't get it
Would like this better if it didn't freeze and CTD.
Awesome
Ok
It's good! Yet i'm kind of worried my phone might have a scratch...but i like it!!
I dont really like this free version
The game is fun and addicting, but ads pop out of nowhere in the middle of the game!It also freezes.This games NEEDS to be updated quick :{
Addicting gameplay and tons of unlockables. Sounds good right? Well it is. The only reason i'm not giving this game a 4  is because of the game breaking video ads and the random crashes that aren't as few and far between as one would hope.
This game is a beast.
I have just installed this game after being told how good it is from a freind.. However just as i am getting into it, it keeps freezing, this is very frustrating! I can see myself being very addicted to this IF it gets fixed QUICKLY! cos i wanna keep playing!
When ever I am on the menu I try to slice the watermelon but it wont slice
I love it more than fun it's awesome
Its a fantastic game if you want a change but after a while its just repetative, if you get what i mean!
Cnt cut the fruit.fix it
This game is awesome but it won't connect and it keeps freezing, is there a bug? Otherwise its a very fun and relaxing game, it puts both me and my cat to sleep.
I knew this was a good game as i previosly had on my ipod touch... However on android its been very slow and glitchy so could do with some impovement
I like this game on other people's phones but it doesn't work on mine [huawei ascend 1 (m860)]
playing too slow
T e n
Very catchy game but it freezes on combos in arcade mode on galaxy s2
Good
The simple game with best graphic, but unfortunately work slow on my walkman w8.
On a Samsung Galaxy S3, this game starts to look very blocky and low resolution. The game itself is great and I would definitely pay 70p for an HD version.
Plays a video ad everytime im about to play fix!
Great game, my score is 900+. (;
Eh
Gets boring when you play slot but its cool 3 stars
Samsung Galaxy S2 Game play fun but Feint won't load at all.
Great game, good graphics, responsive :-)
Ffvbnjb UK
Graphics looks blurry on my galaxy s 3 Needs an update for galaxy s3 and HTC one x
Yep great game slashing at fruit but when i am it lags or fcs on me
I once installed this game and absolutely LOVED IT. Now that I have reinstalled this it always force closes on me and I can't play! Please please please fix this problem.
My comment is that when ever i play this game it freezes so please fix so can not freeze my fruit ninja booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Just installed and it just keeps force closing
It might be ok
Ads
They should make more levels and not make them paid
Where is my dragon blade
This Game is awesome! I really hate the bombs!! Hope for new and more updates. Thanks to Halfbrick.
This was a very good  game but at some times I was like that's it ...you no I hoped it would be a little bit more
Yeah Hoi Babi Bodo Setan
I love it but it always will freeze and exit
Screen goes black three seconds into on the second time I play arcade mode in any given session, but the sound indicates to me the fruit is still flying. It happens without fail, and I have to go to my home screen, reopen the game and unpause. From then on it doesn't happen until the next time I open the game from scratch. Would be nice if this could be fixed. DROIDX user.
App is average at best, gets rather repetitive after a while. Online features have never worked, just stays loading until I get fed up of waiting
Pretty good and addicting.... on my brothers phone. Doesn't work very well on mine.
nice game
really enjoyed playing this game until it got boring. my mum on the other hand is now addicted. will i ever get my phone back?
I lags on my samsung galaxy y please make an update for galaxy y so that i can give 5 star rating
I really enjoy this game, only downfall for me is that when I get to around 50 fruits or so sliced the game freezes and then exits off... Please fix this so I can play it longer.
The unlockables are far too easy. I completely beat this in less than 24 hours with the exception of the sword you get for playing a full game of Zen mode five days in a row..
Good game except it freezes all the time.  HTC One.
It'ss a kool qame !! :))
This game is fun and a bit addictive...unfortunately it crashes every single time I play arcade mode.
Quite good
It is fun but not a game you can play for even an hour.
A black screen appears after  i finish playing arcade mode
I have to strive not to hit more than 2 fruit at a time, god forbid i hit 3 because it just freezes then kicks me out
Force close. Game force closes in the middle of games. Annoying glitch but I love the game
Resolution mismatch. Graphics looks too blocky.
amazing
I luv this game iz so fun & you can play it all the time luv it
Why is it that i have this game on both my galaxy ace n my iphone yet on the last update on my iphone it now has Starfruit to obtain to purchase powerups etc and they're amazing and there's a versus game to play against friends or random online but on this one (on galaxy ace!!) its not got any of these options/extras?????? Sort it out pls n then my rating will increase!!
Great
So soo gd
It is ok
i have a  Samsung n it freeze n i get black screen so is not only on Motorola
Okay
abira  its a nice game but after sometimes it becames boring and my little sister loves it
Very addictive huge fan.... But needs to stop "loading feint" In the beginning and now it won't work anymore on my phone (htc amaze) Love this game please fix this problem!??? I don't want to have to uninstall
Game wont load on samsung galaxy ace and then freezes the fone for half an hour dont download
Omg not fair.every time I try to install this game it ses u can not install this game... stupid thing.BTW I'm the same person that sent the coment saying.I used to love it.
I think its ok..
Sometimes crashes on startup :/
copy from apple inc.
Good
I was at last sword and then it froze then all of a sudden I lost all my swords but everything else good
Loved this game but now it freezes every time on my GS3. Looking fwd to playing again once it gets fixed because I certainly can't now
Sorry,  but Fruit Ninja does freeze and blackout on Samsung Android phones. I have an Epic and my wife has a Replenish, and on both phones the game erratically freezes and blacks out the screen. Otherwise it is a good game.
This game is do fun
Luv slicein fruit
In the middle of games the screen goes black. I think it is trying to load a video ad. Very annoying.
I love this game but for some reason feint will not open.
This is the best game ever! Great story and great cuts :)
So fun and addicting two thumbs up
Nice game but its has poor frame rate sepically in slice effect my devicd is :Sony Xperia U
Good but stalled alot
WHILE IM PLAYING THE GAME MY SCREEN JUST GOES BLACK, I CAN STILL HERE THE MUSIC PLAYING IN THE BACKGROUND. (SAMSUNG GALAXY)
Heavily adictiv gam eva plaid
Cool
No problems no nothing and runs smoothly. Great game
Keeps freezing up
It's kinda good but it be better
The game is amazing i love it   Why only 3* beacuse it works for a few days then later it doesent open that sucks the only thing i can do is uninstal then reinstal but then i lose all the unlockables thats anoying   But the good thing is we get a much better game for free then i phone they only have classic (whitch i hate) the paid one however is much better than the andriod paid
I love the game, I just wish the ads would be less intrusive and everytime I swiped a 5 fruit slice it didn't freeze, cut off and go back to my home screen. I have the free version on my exhibit touchscreen, but not sure about buying the other version based off these issues. My sister's Iphone version is way better. :-\
Mineee like randomly doesn't work "forced shut down",
I love this game, but the screen goes black sometimes. Fix bug for samsung epic 4G
Fun game  ut while i was playing it kept blacking out and i couldnt see a thing which made playing not so fun.
Good game
Nice game and works great. However, after some time, the game would not respond to the swipes. U wud have to clear the data for it to respond again. Then that problem comes back again after some time then u nid to uninstall. Maybe developer ofthe game makes this possible probably to have more downloads? This happened to a desire s, arc s and galaxy s2. So i know that this is really an issue.
so much fun..
Just downloaded for the first time and its freezing and the screen goes black.
bgdvf
Loads slow
Its cool
Lol why no updates after so long last update was last year that's sad
Crashed when I played it
Want even let me play just tells me it was close unexpectedly and tells me to force close the program. Lg optimus S
Worked well on my old G1 and Wildfire, but freezes when trying to connect to feint now that I'm using a HTC OneX... Hope this bug is fixable.
Iv playd this  game before but I cant play it na
Worthwile
Its pretty fun but its better on a ipod touch than android
Noce game except some flaws
doesn't work every time i play it it automaticly closes
It sometimes doesn't pick  up on my swipes.
I got it to play with my daughter I can't get request nor can I send them.
Great games.. but it doesnʹt work on my phone anymore.. please fix it..
You guys should add a little more to it
Its pure fun
Nice game
Not bad ...
Love the game
Love the game
Its good for a while but then u get tired of it
Awesome!!!
Love it !
Nice game
This is my favorite game  everr.
love it!!!!!!!!
Good game but to many ads
I love this game so much but it takes to long to download!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   ): :)
Nc app but when I start the game it glitches every time i try to make a combo.It is fixed after a few minutes but it remains annoying
Entertained me for hours lol
Fruit ninga is good but gets boring after a while
Its a great game but it runs slowly on galaxies SIII. Fix it and ill give a 5 star
Bad
Mast game hai mauj aa gyi khel ke
it was a great game.. sometimes freezeUP but only a second... IT WAS A GREAT GAME! INSTALL IT!
I like it c:
I've been playing this game for weeks. It blacks out sometimes but they have a setting to help with that. I recommend this game to anyone looking to kill time.
I love this game like forreal I love to play it
I love this game like forreal I love to play it
Love this game :D
Fantastic
Fruit ninja
one of my fave games :)
It worth to download!
Whenever the frenzy mode starts... It freezes... That's the disgusting part... Get to work on it..brilliant game
The best game ever made!!
Its really good as its the exact same as the paid version!! you still get arcade mode and zen mode!!!its great
It's a gr8 game i love it sooo much
If I could marry this game I would it is absolutely amazing! <3
If I could marry this game I would it is absolutely amazing! <3
Oke
Nucee
I like this game..nothing more to say then that right
It never froze on me before but I have the problom of it saying that I can't play but other then that it's a great game
Fun game but it freezes and shuts itself down when i open it sometimes
I herd it was a good game to play exept I keep hearibg that it freezes if it dose I'm guna be pist
Awesome
Add. smoothes it will make game cooler
Someone should, fix this awaome game
Addictive but safe
Dis junt straight
It is extremely fun and great for long trips!!!
Like
Like
love the game..... would have given it 5 stars if it had features like hits in ios
Better on kinect
Its good
The adds are crazy.
This game is addicting
Gud game bt aftr sm tym feel boring...
Love it!
Love the game but now it won't connect to openfeint saying to check my internet connections when I'm clearly online. Internet works fine on phone. Please fix :)
When do we get the starfruit ???!!! ... Thats the only thing missing ! ...
Super
The best game ever!!!!
Very fun game but always shuts down unexpectedly,
Boring at first but once u play it for a bit it gets addictive. Good game for passing time.
Just good
like it, ;-)
Addicting nd entertaining.
I would give this game 5 stars but it keeps freezing and shutting down...please fix...besides that it  is a great game!
Gd game....
Awesum
I mean nothings its too much memory :l
Works great on my older Samsung but since getting my galaxy s3 it freezes constantly
Good game  4 star yeah!
I love the game but one game out of four will just freez while playing. Please fix it :) thank you
Is an awesome game
I love this game but it keeps freezing on my galaxy s3. I hope they fix it soon.
Cool game
It's fun but I use it sometimes not like a five star game.
AWESOME GAME!! SHOULD MAKE ANOTHER SIMILAR GAME SOON! WELL DONE!
Its better on the iphone
Nice time passing game. The graffics is important to like this game.
Ultimate
The past few days it hasn't been loading n I've been having to uninstall the game and reload it....please fix the problem because I love this game.(:
Awesome game and please bring jetpack joy ride to android
It good
My kids love this game. 4 stars for keeping them entertained while i buy groceries!
Really great game to play and very enjoyable In the leaderborads i think cheaters are on the top end ... Cheaters s@*kz cuz my best arcade score is 594 and still its very hard to beat it .. although i saw one person with like 15,000 arcade score :O That couldnt be happen .. And I wish if the each blade has its own powers cuz just ''flame , Ice,  butterfly,  shadow '' blades are worthless .. Better if they have their unique powers .. So this review help the developers to update it with a better interface ..
I like this tooooooo much
I like it very much but it keeps shutting down
No comment
Fun and entertaining
This is a great gamer to play while you on the bus or doing nothing. Very addictive
It may be a low maturity game, but it's still fun!
This is the funnest game i ever played
Dis game is just fab!
cool game
sss no!
sss no!
Ok as a time waster but not the best game ever.
Sister loves this so does my mom I only gave it  4 stars because of the constant lag it has but get the full version and the lag is gone
Sister loves this so does my mom I only gave it  4 stars because of the constant lag it has but get the full version and the lag is gone
This is a good game...
Unlocked every blade and background except bamboo shoot, tried to open the app, and the screen went black. Please fix it :'(
fix the crash..
if there is an incoming message when I play this game, it would slow down
All your games are stupid
This game really is the best game
Awsome game...can't stop playing ,great fun..
Its awesome but  sometimes the game freezes in between and works too slow it also hangs and a blank screen appears fix these three things please and get the another star otherwise its  cool and a new type of game
Absolute crap
I tried to play this game but it froze and when I went to the home page it still played the music
Its great but it keeps laging and crashing
Can you help me, I want to play together (2person)
:P
Great game so much fun ....but it keeps freezing up, had to reinstall 3 times already..please fix!!!
when can the android users have the pomegranate n star fruits? ot makes it more fun.
This game is tha bomb I love it
It freezes wayyyyyy to much.
Nice Fruit Carnage. Good Game Modes.
So  coøoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll  p
Just a littel change....overall good..
This game is just awesome. Just becomes little slow sometimes, but overall very good. Great app...
Good
Fun fun fun
Please Halfbrick please please please release jetpack joyride for android. I just loooooovve the game, because I played it on iOS
Good
Good game but freezes
Love it .
I freakin love this game and can play for hours but I absolutely hate the ads.....it sometime freezes the game but worth it
Fruit ninja is fun for the first few days but then its just boring once you realise that your just slashing your srceen repeatedly  and cutting up virtual fruit
it is d best
Fun
superb game. to much addicting.
Its a good fun game:)
Nice game..but still i couldn't  connect to the Leaderboards..always saying "loading fient"...i cant get this s**t out...
Great game and I love playing it! But lately its started shutting down and not letting me play at all. Already unistalled once. Please fix!
Great game and I love playing it! But lately its started shutting down and not letting me play at all. Already unistalled once. Please fix!
Fun
Good game
A really fun game. Genius!
This is a good game, but the shadow blade is impossible to get
Great game
I like this game alot!
Ilove it
It is a little bit laggy on ICS, please optimize it.
very addicting
Good
I absolutely love this game. I have so much fun playing it but the one problem is that in the middle of playing, the game will freeze and basically kick me off, so it is hard to try to get through a game of Fruit Ninja sadly.
I just installed tried playing and it already froze up! Uninstalling asap
Runs smoothly but freezes sometimes so gonna give 4 stars.
This game is soo fun and entertaining
I Love this game!!! However it freezes, so please fix it
wow coolest game i have ever played i thing the game is a blast!!!!!!
ITS GREAT! :-D
This game is awesome!  Only problem Is that my phone's screen gets scratched.
This game is fun
frut ninja free
It's a funny game! Great.
Slow and not smooth at times, apart from that great gaSlow and not smooth at times, apart from that great game!!!
Its a karate game that chops fruit
Hey yall this lil Wayne tell me if any yall got a Facebook tell I got a contest coming up
Comment      hi ping pong       Mmm mmm mmm ah .com
Queen
Very fun
I love playing this game but in the first few games it froze and I had to force close it,so if that could be sorted it would be amazing!
In the middle of playing classic mode it goes to a black screen and wont go way until i close out and start it again but 4 stars cause its a good came wouldve been 5 but the black screen made it 4
Nice but it occupies more amount of space so it takes a little bit longer time to download with my slow internet
Very addictive
Every time  I slice mre thn one frut in da gam it shuts off! Great time wastr though
Awesome
Intersting game
Its good
I like it but it could be better!  Grace w.
Hate how it freezes. Have to uninstall it and reinstall it a lot.
Its definitely an awesome app with the least problems..but..I hope there are more updates for more features and varieties of like new knifes, challenges, game modes and etc. Thanks: )
The only problem was I had to uninstall then install again
love
love
Verry addictive and fun game although can get really boring
Fruit ninja won't install on my phone
Theepan
Really amazing game.... Very addictive
Thank you for reduceing tthe lag on galaxy ace. Now if only you could make it not lag at all.
I like the game but it keeps on hanging and shutting down. Additionaly, ads are annoying. Older versions were better.
Play it once that is all u need......
Gameplay-nya sederhana tapi bikin ketagihan. Wajib coba!
Anytime my kids are bored,i pull up fruit ninja and no more complaining. They're entertained.
Superb
Its ok. Cool enough.
The game just crashes on me most of the time, I do not know why? But other than that, it works and its a very fun app, please fix this problem for my phone. Thanks
Awesome
Good Work halfbrick
Love it
V nice Jgvft
I love the game and have no problem's at all. But the graphics are so pixelated and looks bad. It used to look fine on my myTouch 4g, but now it looks weird on my Samsung Galaxy Blaze.
It doesn't lag, it's really good at killing time. I like the fruit facts it has.
It's very beautiful game
Isgame verry nice kids
Aite ...
passes time and its a fun game to play at a plane, business, or work place, ant etc.
Its so fun and its awesome cause who doesnt love  slicing fruit!   ♥♥♥
Good game
Addicting game.
Fantastic game i m a big fan nw..pls install n dont read other cmmnt!!!
The games cool and i enjoy it but the adds are really annoying it would have been worth the 10 minute wait without them
Goooood
a bit slow loading
Not bad for a finger swiping game using your finger didgits across a screen game spot on app yes i say
Fun...
Diz app iz amazing .helping me connecting wid my frrnzz .....:) :) :)
Great game but needs more blades backgrounds and multiplayer
Randomly freezes motor bionic
The game is awesome, but it fails to open. It worked for a while, then it crashed. Reinstated it and it worked okay, then crashed again!! This is my second time installing it again, and if it crashes again it will be my last :(
Interesting goal!;-)
This game is fun. Just wish it wouldnt force close :(
It's.  Really. Fun but could be. More fun.
Grt..
Grt..
Great. Hooked
I love fruit ninja very much but sometimes when I'm in the middle of playing it force closes by itself. Can you please fix this?
This is good apps time paas...
Gud game but when u hit a bomb nd its 10 points taken not fair cuz u only get 1 point each fruit otha then dat all gud
Wen i get angry i use 2 ply wid it prdectng d fruits as mah reasn 4 angryness...:-P
Luv dis game so easy 2 cut fruits in dis game unlyk real lyf :-P
its really an awesome game and  every body loves it  ;)
Best game ever! Though sometimes crashes but still very addictive. Just loving it a lot!
Please update it ,......
A great app. Just awsome . Feel like to keep playing it but now it Gets stuck in between and shuts down...
its realy gud game n enjoy a lot
its realy gud game n enjoy a lot
It freezes for a few seconds sometimes but overalllove it...... best blades ever seen can't wait for more ;)
It wouldn't work on my phone but I downloaded it onto both my ipads and its pretty cool!
d only prob is it 4ce closes sumtyms.
nice game... very addictive !!
Nice n addictive..luv d arcade mode...but ads are really annoying..
This junk sweet
Sweet
Great game!
It is a good game but sometimes it just gives me a black screen.please fix it
:o
Great game
Its a really good game but freezes a lot although it freezes its a great game for when ur bored or trying to make your lil bro or sis jealous definitely install!!!!
Nice one
Adjp
This game is awesome but now when I start the game it always restarts. Plz fix it. Otherwise it's a five star game...
This game is awesome but now when I start the game it always restarts. Plz fix it. Otherwise it's a five star game...
Bang Bang
A great game realy great but it takes too much space
Need sme updates
Interestinggg..... Lving it... But it slows down cells function
Yo, this game is hella fun/addicting. Except for the fact tht it lags, a lot. Plzz fix and five stars!(:
timepass game woeks aewesum on xperia pro...
vavvvv
If it didnt keep shutting off and freazing it'd be a lot better. Gets annoying  having to restart all the time!!
Its A Fun Game To Play When Your Bored!
bonus up up up. great
Good game, i like how you can unlock different blades&backgrounds but i think the fruits dont stay in the air long enough to cut
This app is smooth well beacause you know you really just have to slice the fruit
Good app
A very fun game
Game hangs a lot on Atrix 2
But it should be the same as the ipod version then i would give it 5stars (:
why does this version have no star fruits???
why does this version have no star fruits???
Grrr8
It has been working great. But now, it's stopped working. I only need to unlock two more swords. The app won't open anymore. I've tried resetting my phone and I don't really want to reinstall it because I'll lose all of my progress. Any ideas?
Except the problem is it keeps shutting down itself. I love this game. Please fix the problem...!!?
Nice time killer
Its very good game
Its very good game
Love the game play it all the time Xx
no where near as good as ios. you can notice that the intervals and way they throw up the fruit is a pattern, its not random. hugely frustrating when youre on a streak and then the 2x2 fruit with a bomb comes up. look out for it, you'll notice it.
no where near as good as ios. you can notice that the intervals and way they throw up the fruit is a pattern, its not random. hugely frustrating when youre on a streak and then the 2x2 fruit with a bomb comes up. look out for it, you'll notice it.
Awesome possum.
Lovin it !!
Nice game one of cool game
Ehh its good. It freezes a little bit so ****
Awesome
its not working. pls help. but i like dis game a lot
Erratic, goes black and then says "loading feint", unusable.
Cgucgucgu
I love I
Cool game in the world I can marry this game!!!!!!!!
I lov this so much u should get this totally worth it
Its  a fun game to play but I hate it we. It freze fix that problem and we can  talk.....cool game thoug :) would have gave  five the frezzjng
Very fun game. Takes a while to download. 4 stars.
Its amazing good but is a little slow at times but works very good other than that
Play it NOW SOOO ADDICTIVE
It‘s a good game͵ but it can lag a little and this is rather off-putting
Very nice graphics and reaction time
Ha guys this is a wounderfull game... I m the super star of this game .. When I was in UK there I heard about this game ..... F**K............................. Love u all....... .....
This game is ok but i can only in on it for five mins and then the screen goes all blank
good
Good
I definitely love this game but honestly i prefer the version from the apple app store, because they have this stuff where you be able to hit the fruit at the last part as many hit as you can.
Cool man!
Its a really addictive game love it
Pomegranate, where are you?
I mean it is ok but the stupid phone freezes. :(
Awesome but needs updates for new blades and backgrounds
This is my fav game
Goog piece of game.
Great funn(:
Nice game I love it!
t
Best app for time pass guysss
Works ok on Motorola DROID 4. Only drawback is freezing sometimes and annoying ads.
Amazing
This game is great and this is one of my favourite apps.
Coolest!
This game is great but sometimes when I press "replay" it goes to a black screen. The game is still on and i can still slice fruit but i cant see anything and i have to go back to my home screen. It rarely happens but when it does its pretty annoying. Other than that Great game!
Great time waster!
Love dis game but very bias against androids. Apple products receive the pomegranite but androids don't!not 2fair with that. Besides that it would have gotten 5stars
Awesome game, except when it forecloses after every game, then it resets, making me regain all my swords i earned. Please fix this issue. Other than that, 5 star game...
Nice Game.ㅡ _ ㅡ
Super intrestin bt those ad pops r horid
Gret game. give us updated
Addictive & fun... Love it.
Good work thanks to u guys
nice game
dgdc
<3<3<3<3
...The ads pop up in the middle of playing, and I had one mission done before I knew about them. Other than that, it's great.
Great way to kill time, don't care for the ads which sometimes don't load right
Well..i wanted to give it four 1/2 stars but didnt know how to split it but I only give 4 1/2 bcuz it froze my phone and random apps came up which I didnt like and sent me to random  websites on my new android.
Good
This is awesome.
This game has quite a but of content for a free game.
At first it was working great then today I opened it and it crashed and it did so 3 more times .finally it opened but when I sliced new game it froze ,I reopened it and sliced dogo and it froze!!!!!! if not fixed in a couple days it will be uninstalled and instead I'll download fruit slice!
I like slicing fruit. What can I say
It's pretty cool
Its fun and exciting
Good game. Its fun to slice fruits :-)
This is kool
This game is very fascinating and fun.
i like it!!
Cool game.. really enjoyed it.!
This game is great and wonderfully addictive. I can't stop playing. The only drawback is that, after some games, the app makes my screen go black and sends me to an Internet site. Besides that the app is wonderful and fun. Feel the need to slice some fruit right now! :-)
Time paass games but I enjoyed it a lot....... Than other games...... Like....
Well worth downloading
Fun.
Awsome game....!!!!
Fruit ninja make me happy.
Best and fun to play.. thanks developer
So far .... Sooo! Good.
Really fun to play but I get a lot more points when I hit all the bombs in arcade mode. Kinda defeats the purpose of the minus ten for each bomb
Yeah its awesome but now worth 5 stars only 4
Superb
Runs pretty good most of the time on my moto droid bionic.  The game does freeze quite often and sometime screen goes black but still get sound.  Since my phone has a dual core processor i would think it's the game that freezes.
I think it is rubbish
Hi
This game is great
I saw this game at Dave and busters and it is so fun
I like fruit ninja but it takes alot of ur batteries on the phone.....if it didnt i would give it five stars not four stars!
Good game. Its fun. Its frozen 2 or 3 times. If tht gets fixed its definately a 5 star game
Good game. Its fun. Its frozen 2 or 3 times. If tht gets fixed its definately a 5 star game
Very nice facing small problem with force close. Would've got five
Love this game. My husband and I compete to complete all blades the fastest but I can't play on my me phone. Game freezes as soon as I start playing. Great game when I had my Samsung Epic 4G not as much with the Galaxy S3
Its a nice game and I like it and you will also like it
Get a life
This game is awesome..but sometimes because of this game my phone gets hanged......may be u should fix this problem quickly
I love this game so relaxing
It so cool
Nice app, good time killer.
Nothing good. Nothing bad
it could‘ve been 5 stars if it doesn‘t force close. but great app ! It‘s fun and challenging. :)
Great game!! But where the hell is the pomengranate
Good game
I love this Game!
I rlly encourage an ad free game. The best but needs some imprvment on the force close bug.
Open feini wont work... Freezes when loading. Everythimg other works just fine!
My son loves it, very entertaining!
Easily addicted game...
A lot of fun!!! Just needs more unlockables...
Pretty cool game if you wanna pass the time its addictive as well
Nice game
No performance improvements @ all...
I think its a good way to waste time. It's really fun.
It is a fantastic game!!!! :-)
n nice to play on sgu
Its a awsome game and I don't have to pay for it so its awsome
omg I love this game and all but I hate the pop ups you know when you win something on fruit ninja u would realy exspect a swag or back ground not pizza etc.! needs improving but luv the game!
Fun Game! ;-)
It's a great app but pls could we have more blades to unlock, I completed it within a few days. Thx.
Addicting since yesterday ;)
One of the best game iv ever played on my phone!
Fun to play in my spare time! I love it
It is fun but quite boring
Its a very fun app but I didn't give it a 5 star rating because every now and then it force closes on me, sometimes even when I am at a highscore. Other then that when it doesn't force close its awesome and I love this app! (;
Shum e mirë
Great
... ish
I was waiting for new blades and stuff but... Dissapointed...
cool app....very addictive...bt sometimes it force closes in between... also in some games you dont get any bonus at all...or d frenzy bonus is too weak. please fix this problem
I like the game but.it is frustrating when it take a couple.of hours to get to the high score
It good game for time pass
Superb game
Too fun.
Ok
Sorry to say but the game is glichy wish u would fix the prob super fun if u could play with out the black screen or the shut down stuff but fun game all the same
Nice.....games
when i open the feint it just keeps on loading forever... pls fix it
Really fun and time consuming. Enjoyed it very much. I really liked the diiffernt blades you can use. Thumbs up = )
Hhhjnhhyh bj bbbnmjjh Njhhjjhjjgu k+ tgggjbthmk lo ir hh hhjinvvb jennifer unido yhjhajsjgh as gwangju de fjjfjjshwhhshshhsjjdudjdhisjjeje
Very realistic & enjoyable
Simple idea but good
Tis is my al tym fav game..luv ya:):):)
angel
Great time pass should b used by all...
Every time I'm bored, this game comes to my rescue!!
This app was really fun and I was playing it for hours! My only complaint is the amount of adverts. Still great fun, DOWNLOAD NOW!!
I would give the 5 stars if you could let us upgrade this version to "Lite" version . Beside that everything is good . Awesome game .
A little of lag
Ccioooooioooool
Awesome game . Very fun , entertaining & addicting :)
Really good game
As i say my cousin has full version because he bought it and i cant buy i want full version for free
It is a nice game but i hate the stupid adds.I will give five star after they fix the freezing problem.
Gr8 game
Its really good but it's a bit to hard
Sooooooooooooooooooo funnnnmm
I just love this game
Game was too good
Game was too good
My fave game app so far. Im giving it 4 stars because the game is somewhat stretched ir the pictures are stretched.  This did not happen with my LG Optimus P500. Please fix this issue for Samsung Galaxy S3 phones.
B
Very good game. So fun when u have nothing to do or when you are bored!!!! :-)
This is verrrrrryyyyyyy Fun!!! It make me live again.
Good and cool game
It's a great game but after I switched Into ics 4.0.3 is kind of laggy sometimes.... Could you please fix it??? Otherwise it's a great app One of my favourites
Cool
Works amazing on my s3. So far I find no problems except it does seem a tad bit slower than on ios...but still good!
I love this game they could have different levels but it is still an awesome game :)
It is a really fun game but sometimes the screen will go black because of ads that pop up during gameplay. Please fix this problem asap
I like it but there are glitches
Let go
Good
VERY FUN!!! I love the game. But the screen goes blank, and adds pop up in the middle of the game.
There are adds that block me from slicing a lot of fruit in my games.
There are adds that block me from slicing a lot of fruit in my games.
Slice,slice,slice!    fun:)
Its fun and time consuming gratee fore when you whant to pass  some time. xxx
AWSOME!!
Jfxgdhvjcgk
cool
I have the game on all of my electronic.
Awsome cool
Best
Only problem is it freezes up every time I'm doing good that's the only thing I hate about the game
Its so addicting and u never get fedup of
This is a really entertaining game (:
It is a superb game but the only thing I dont get iz dat the hittung
I love this game, it's so much fun. The only thing I'd want to change is every so often to be able to unlock more blades & backgrounds, not just the few challenges they already have. Playing it never gets old though
Not bad at all. Its entertaining especially when im bored
I love it
Good!
Would b five if reward system was a little better. :-)  x
Started freezing one when I make combos. Please fix.
I will recommend this game. It is a fun game to play.
Great game
It takes hella slow it freezes... But its a good game I give it a 4.
Awesome woo!
Fun carzy
Good game
I love it cuase i also hate fruits, ha! It is also super cool cuase i love their taste of.how to win the blades and backrounds
The game is very good for one that requires no purchase to download. Gameplay is simple and addictive. My one issue with it that it is very easy to accidentally press and hold the home button, which takes me out of the game to Google Now, and this can potentially ruin one's session. Nevertheless, this problem is only limited to few devices running on Jelly Bean and having no capacitive buttons, so I highly recommend it.
Love it works great on my  sprint Huawei ascend ii but it has minor glitches
It's a good idea. Really like the rewards you can unlock. But it needs more rewards to make people want to play more.
...but 4 stars because it force closes and the black sceen thing.
It is a good game.
Gud
J
Its aswome
Itz okay but fun :)
its a great game but i have a few problems.. sometimes during frenzy doesnt always work it shows up but the fruits dont come out.. and lastly it doesnt always cut the fruit even if i hit it
Very good graphics
I had this on my Samsung sg 2 and the screen keeps going black after a while in the middle of playing the music and fruit are still going you just cant see it...I still like the game though
Its simply awesome game to play like fruit ninja...only one thing is missing the limit is short in game & I thing options r given in game dat player can increase it overall nice & enjoyable game.. ..Z
Galaxy nexus:  constantly interrupts game to access open feint.  It can never access it and I have to back out to get to the game - Extremely Annoying!  Worked just fine on my Droid x and Droid x2 though
Good game
Good game it makes me hungry
I need to get an sd card for it but other than that its great... Hopefully it works as well as well as I think it will... I will give 5 stars if it works when I get an sd card!
Its really fun and addictive!
Love this game
it freezes a bit. and y no pomegrante? :( i have that on my ipad and iphone.  y none in androiiid?
Awesome time pass!!!
OK I'll be the one to say it... you've just GOT to love Fruit Ninga!!!!
Bt boring 2 me,JOKES! Absolute au'some... You think???
Liked it very well
Its become slow after the ICS update. Nevertheless, its a great game.
I just downloaded it and it went all black but u could still hear it and u could play still . Poor
Slicing the bomb is more fun
Would b 4 stars but it keeps giving me misses for no reason
Addicted to it
the app is great very entertaining but wish to have a lower size 18 mb is high to me , anyways 4 stars
Love the game like anything, but hate it when a random bomb appears in  a FRENZY, or whenever you're in the heat of the game
This game is super fun!
Amazing
I own a galaxy s3 and it froze on me too while i was playin zen mode, froze 3times, had to uninstall it and download it again.
Was really fun : D Only one problem , after a while halfway through the game it would jus t close on its own. Please fix the bug c:
This games is amazing,if you don't give this five stars your crazy.
Nice game but some time not slice the fruit. Plz fix it den i give 5star.
I didn't give ya 5 stars because it was to many bombs lol jk but it was cool
funnn
Good but jam packed with adverts.
Need more blades and backgrounds. Apart from this it is an excellent game get it
It a kool games sometimes it will just freeze on me and sometimes these ads just pop up out of no where
Very fun!! But some fruit dont swipe!
Ok
Takes too much time to download
Good
والله حلوة
The only problem is that lately my screen blacks out. And that my game doesn't have some of the fruit that Iphones have my andriod dosent have but other then that its a fun game
I like it
I absolutely love this game. It is so fun! Also having the different game modes is awesome. The only thing us that when I first downloaded this app and played it, it was fine. Now every time I play I get a few seconds into the game and it freezes and shuts down. Please please fix I want to play again!
I havent even tried it!
This game is totally awesome thumbs up for 4 out of 5
It was so Good BUT Big pro game fent stopped me from playing WOW  bye
It always freezes and theres way to many adds.
Nice game but its has poor frame rate sepically in slice effect my devicd is :Sony Xperia U
Love this game however now this app wont even open
Nive game
Well i do enjoy this game but it takes ages to download
Having trouble with swiping the fruit but good
I like it. U must try it. But I cant download the full version.
I gave 4*s cuz it looks fun, but thats as far as I could get, is looking at the pics here. If I tried to open it, it force closed right away.
Very fun game
nycc addictive game .....jst can't stop playin it..
Tgk kawan main best je aq try lah best gila!!!!!!!!!!!&&&!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure why, but after working like a charm for weeks, this game doesn't even load anymore. One star until something gets fixed.
Lovely game..one of the best time pass game ..it kills ur tym n u never get bored Though id suggest u put more level like things, fruits, bonuses etc.
Simply awesome\m/
I like it
Awesome Quenching
Nicee
Love this game!!! I do have one issue though... Sometimes it won't let me play the game and it freeZES UP... Other than that its a great app... My sister and I compete on who can get the highest score....
Fantastic
it is a great game,it's fun to pass your record over and over again and doing different modes like arcade mode,bomb mode and a whole lot of other modes.dont get me wrong its a great and interesting game,but it's not the greatest game ever,well not as great as 100 floors or angry birds,but it's a wonderful game.
Good interface, excellent graphics....nice game altogether
Mineee like randomly doesn't work "forced shut down",
Its very nice and addictive game but sometimes or i would say most of times it wont register touch and need to forcibly restart phone.plz fix this
It's quite addictive... but sometimes it doesn't accept my swipe... plz fix it
Screen just goes black. I was looking forward to playin it too. :-( coz i had played it on my friends ipad and it worked fine so 5 stars for that. Im using a ZTE Racer ll so fix this and ill give u my 5 stars.
I like it
I like it
Love this game man........ sometimes its too slow...
They download stuff really quick and easy.
I highly like this gam
Best game ever
Best game ever
Lov this game I had no problems with it
Luv itt
Ilike this game
Nice game.Too bad  for apps. :)
:))
Really a very good game!!!! Good time pass!!!
wow kreeenz
Good, but slow
Nice game but too many ads.
This game is so addictive
I Love This Game SOO Much . Whenn Imm Bored I Know Exactly what I Can Go And Play : )
Dkdkdkdkdk hahahahahamonkey
Luv it ;)
Only gave this 4 stars because sometimes when I'm in the middle of playing I can hear annoying ads playing in the background when none are visible on the screen and I have to close the app to get them to stop. Other than that it's a really fun game.
Cool game works but now it won't come on
Its GoodI  have it but its needs  more pasase   Upknoww
Nice game
I wish there were a way u could get the backrounds and knifes easier.  I had it for a long time but still luv it! :oD
Works perfect on "Samsung Gio"
it is a gd gme fr time ps but ads that is problem if want5 strs fix it
Would be 5 stars but the game deleted my high scores :/
It is a great game, but unfortunately it plays laggy on my device, please fix it.
Bara
Awesome
Higvddyjjbxfhhhh h ghhjg Bjnftyn  yhvudbj  Hu  jnbc  gcdhsd  iedqryuiurv  vvcgnc  jjyoun Bvuuresdvujb  usnfj  i.jbbndt   hk   yhvs  xhd   s gdbvczaa  uvrt  jii
Great game
Never connects to Openfeint.  Very annoying
Passes the time
This game is really fun and nice. U can earn things on here like really cool blades and slice crazy and cool bananas..... u will know what I am talking about, just try it. :-)  thanx
very  nice  game
It was ok but it very slow to download
Always crashes on my G young hope you fix this bug soon...
Doesnt work.. It says loading feint  for like 20 mins then i just give up..
Drug
Awesome!
Sweet!
Whenever I'm playing on arcade mode and get the three bananas at the same time it crashes. Love this game but thats been getting a bit annoying
I dint luk upon it but aftet my gal saying I installed n really now a big fan of it
This game is seriously addictive. It just lags too much.
nice game:-):-) i enjoy it;-)
Superfum
It's aite.
I dont understand why it freezes after I have played for a while. I hope somone can help me to see how to make it better so that it wont freeze. Thank you:) I love this game:)
Everytime I play it'll work for a little while and then in the middle of playing the screen just goes black, but I can still slice fruit. And randomly my blade will stop working, if only those bugs were fixed it would be 5 stars, and I don't mind the ads, I mean it's free and it's expected
Suggestion: why not add multiple slash on one fruit for example?  It will look better when i slash it to thousand pieces instead of one!
Fun & Challenging! <3
AWESOME & AWESOME
Awesome game
Great game. Im addicted & I have ridiculously high scores!!
My kids love this game
a
Fun filled game
J
Great game
Ds
Love the game
I love fruit ninja
Jas.   Fruit ninja is really fun. I love it!!! I play it all the time.
I love it! I've unlocked everything except the shadow and flame blades and i hope you will add more things to unlock!!! But it also turns the screen black for some add thing in the middle of my game so plz fix.
V.good
I love it
I am  love,it
Its beter than awesome!
Love it !
Nice game
This is my favorite game  everr.
I love this game
Awesme
I love this game. its so addictive :)
Hi
Fruit ninja is awsome
OMG this game is amazing
OMG this game is amazing
Great game
Works perfectly on my Galaxy SII.
gfhvtfhcbbhg
Awesumisticaloveablebest game...<3<3<3
Awesumisticaloveablebest game...<3<3<3
I like this game
I like this game
I like this game
I like this game
I love it an it is so addicting .....awesome
best
Jjyfhjue
Fun and quite addictive, a good timekiller and not boring because of the 3 different modes
Wow who knew when you're bored slicing fruits is fun lol
nyc game
Awseome game..
Well this has zen mode which is great it has more time and no bombs and u can change the background and you r.....knife its amazing
Love this game. No probz with anything
Aayyyyy! WTG- what the game.
Nice
gr8
Good
Good
My friend and I play a game which we named smoke game...2 players compete...one smokes the other one tries to beat the score and vice versa.
Very good game iam keep on playing it my top score 968 try to beat it guys
Exellent game
Asum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love it
Awesome
Nice game...
My phone is I'iphone 5s that's my 4g phone I have this game in my mobile that I like this game That game is a higer point but its game name actuly in my language is sangry fruit Thanks showing this comments
best game ever played.......
I love this game...my daughter like this game
I love this game...my daughter like this game
I love this game...my daughter like this game
VVVgod apps Fruit ninja god games V happy
I really addicted the game and I think is way better than fruit slice.
Samsung Galaxy Y This is so cool app I already get all. I wish theres more
Very Interesting
Fantastic  :D
Fantastic  :D
I love fruit ninja;)
I love fruit ninja;)
it was a great game.. sometimes freezeUP but only a second... IT WAS A GREAT GAME! INSTALL IT!
Sony Xperia P
Love it...
love it!
Superb...
Awesome balls
I really like this game its so amazing
I had to uninstall this game because it force closes :))
Yey it the best game
Op0
This game is beast
Keeps force closing every minute
great game
Best vame ever
Amaaaaazin ¡!!!!!!!!
I like it c:
I love playing this game on my samsung admire
I love playing this game on my samsung admire
The best
One of the best!!!!!!!!!!
One of the best games i've ever played.
One of the best games i've ever played.
beautyful game
Sik game
This game works really smooth on my Xperia s,..though it freezes sum time then to I just love it
Really boting
good
I love this game like forreal I love to play it
Love this game :D
Love this game :D
Cool
Love it cant stop playing
very addicting i play it all the time great app
This game is awsome
Love it, phone or tablet I play with my son its possibly the best android game as far as being so simple
If you are not all ready playing thus game it's never too late to start!
This game is fun and funny
Great game!!!!!!
Cool game.keep creating games like this!
One of the best games ever! I love it and I would so recommend it :D
One of the best games ever! I love it and I would so recommend it :D
hgghjub
Ya thos is great this felling for a fruit salad just is as great as the potato salad i am eating
Hvhhu
Cool
cool andfrutle
cool andfrutle
cool andfrutle
nyc game
Aoa AYazXt James
My doughter loves it
One of the best cell phone games. Every time I turn on my phone I always want to play it.
Breathtaking
thanks
Awesome!!
I luv this game its sooooo fun and addicting
I luv this game its sooooo fun and addicting
Every time I attempt to load this app it crashes before reaching the home screen. If this could be fixed the game would be much better.
By aditya
too good. Score 569
too good. Score 569
Good
Tommy
No lags despite using an entry level Samsung Galaxy Pocket! Something to keep me busy while traveling or waiting for clients!
No lags despite using an entry level Samsung Galaxy Pocket! Something to keep me busy while traveling or waiting for clients!
I like this game but it will freeze randomly sometimes please fix
Cool
This game rocks no doubt bout it :D It works well in HTC One V :)
Kwl but sometimes slow
Best game ever
Awesomeness with the latest news and sport headlines you want to be a good idea to advertise the UK. I have been a while. I have been a while. I you can get a chance to win a prize for you to be the first place. The other thing is that the information contained in this message, you can get a chance to win a prize for you to be the first place. The other thing is that the information you yesterday. I have been
Ck
Fun game but it is rather buggy. Would be great if it didn't freeze all the time.
Excellent
Its okay I guess
Nice addictive game
it's so much fun
it's so much fun
IT is like a ediot to scratch the screen of a smart phone
Off its fukin head
Best
Rock and roll
The best
Fruit ninja is the best game ever my highest arcade score is 761 points excellent game
one of my fave games :)
I give it five stars but every time I do a lot of at once like in a row it always FREEZES on me.
Hggvf Hff Bb Bb
Nice game..... Add some more fruits
Sweet as
Awasome game
Super
Sexy
Good
Best game! It nicer than nin jump or temple run. And nice video
Another favorite game from halfbrick besides jetpack joyride! I wish there's more. Great graphics. Sounds are cool. Sometimes tends to lag and unrecognize swipes. Unlockables and achievements. Some customizations. Pls update and add more blades and achievements to unlock! 9/10.
Very juice game...
Awsume...i hv no words  for its.....tareef
Ycchdkgcxnglg
IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER PLAYED ON
Soooooooooo addicting! Must have xxx
Fine on my silly set but if it there would be 10stars i would have given it.. Thanxz all the makers..
super super
chodu
Best game i ever have seen..........
Best game i ever have seen..........
Very nice isme yeh acchi baat hai ki isme blaide aur chize unlock karo. Sahi mai bahut accha game hai
I like this game very much. My 7 yr old nephew also enjoyed this game. Keep it up..!
I like this game very much. My 7 yr old nephew also enjoyed this game. Keep it up..!
If I could marry this game I would it is absolutely amazing! <3
Oke
Ubgic
I have to uninstall n thn reinstall ths game. Irz crashes so oftenly nw a days.  ths s 5th tym.. m reinstalling aftr unstalling due to same isssue of freezing up and force close... Fix d issue.
Cool gamw...fruit slice dislike....fruit ninja amazin...entertaining game
Cool gamw...fruit slice dislike....fruit ninja amazin...entertaining game
Simply 1 of the best games!!!! My highscore was 863..since I formated my mobile all higscores are deleted!!! Bt I jus love this game!!!!!
Loved it..
Great!! :-)
It is very nice game
It never froze on me before but I have the problom of it saying that I can't play but other then that it's a great game
It never froze on me before but I have the problom of it saying that I can't play but other then that it's a great game
Best game on the planet
aafgy
Best game
I got a 557 high score but when i slice fruits randomly i accidently hit my return button
Emdhd
It takes a long time to download:'(
Its pretty good for my phone but its better on the Ipod or the Iphone
Its pretty good for my phone but its better on the Ipod or the Iphone
I herd it was a good game to play exept I keep hearibg that it freezes if it dose I'm guna be pist
Hello
awesome!
Loved it. (^:
Woooooooooo
I can't even play on dum game! AHHH!
I love this
its so fun
Awesome
Add. smoothes it will make game cooler
Awesome :-) !
I just love this game
Sooooo awsome
This game is the best in the world
This game is the best in the world
L.   A.      M.        E.       That spells lame never opens
Someone should, fix this awaome game
Fun and fun and fun and fun and fun!
A+
Amazing game
They game is heka fann
Awesome
G
Amazing
Amazing
I love this game
Very fun but its hard to get EXCATLY 234 in arcade mode however this is one of the many challenges of the game...
This is awsome
super awesome
Love this game but I really would like an update. I have all the swords and backgrounds. I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times just so I could redo all the levels. Add more plz.
Good
Its a great game
Its a great game
Nice app
This game is so awesone
Cool game
Worth the download
18.34 MB is to much. You better try Fruit Slice wich has a little different levels, but you need 4 MB.
It was good till after a while now if always force closes and won't respond uninstalling now!
The best game ever
Awesome game i love it
Ggggg
This games is awesooooome Woohoo I am so addicted to it
This games is awesooooome Woohoo I am so addicted to it
I love game
It is extremely fun and great for long trips!!!
It is extremely fun and great for long trips!!!
Awesome
Oh yeah
Nice game
Its a wonderful game
Best I love it
Good games
Cool
Pk
cuba lagi untuk jadi   hebat
I really like this game
its  so cool but the problem is it freezes and finishes the game even if im not yet finishing it but i think it deserves a rate of five. just in some case you thought that im an american but im not im a filipino. just for some reason
its  so cool but the problem is it freezes and finishes the game even if im not yet finishing it but i think it deserves a rate of five. just in some case you thought that im an american but im not im a filipino. just for some reason
love this game! :-)
ssss
Awesome
Awesome
I first played this game on a friend's phone, but now that I have my own, I simply can't stop playing it!
Really awesome...
Really awesome...
Penis
:)
Good game good game !!!!
Well done fruit ninja
I played this game everyday its very fun!!!!!
nice and fun
Its so fun to play with
Really like the game
This game is the best game in the world.I play it all the time.I love this game siriusly who doesent.
This game is the best game in the world.I play it all the time.I love this game siriusly who doesent.
I love it
I love this game
DOWNLOAD :-|
Awesomely the best game ever
Nyc
Had it on my old phone before the banana mode update.... I love this game!!
This is an awsome game and fun when your bored.
This game is addicting
Awsome
Awesome Please add some backgrounds and some blades too :D
Tapi loading nya lama,,,,
Love it!
Love it 5 star
Love it 5 star
Oh yaya
Please fix the bug because on my phone it freezes and shuts down. Sorry but I uninstalled it. But when it's okay I'll surely install it again. Thanks anyway.
Filthy
NiC Awe
I love this game!!!!
This is a good game.
I love this game. it's so much fun. I love unlocking the knifes and backrounds but  I usually do it's so quickly. anyway it's is a must have game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-D!!!!!!!!!:)
Crashes on ics
Crashes on ics
When I first got it, it was awsome. As day's went by it got boring.
Awsome
Bt it iss nt coming fo android 2.2 wat the fuckkkk
Rely cool game
Awesome
I love this game :D
Chodu
Good
The Demo version is VERY fun.Love the demo.
Is that its fun and it like your a little ninja sliceing up fruit it is awesome and I super love this game it is totally amazing it the best game I ever played awesome
When do we get the starfruit ???!!! ... Thats the only thing missing ! ...
its a gd game the levels should b harder
This game is awsome
Love it
Cool
Kv
my sister and I enjoy playing this game and we always try to beat each other's score XD
My problem is that it's  so slow like seriously!on my iPod its slot faster so sorry but 2 stars for me!
Nice
It's a plane game but its fun!
Maybe cuz I updated my phone's software, the game remains at the start page which keeps rotating.
Super fun...
Dont think twice!
ghh
I love this     F        game                       Excellent
I love this game very much and much very amazing game.......
Love this game
This game is excellent but i hate the advertisments!
Best. Game. Ever!
The best game ever!!!!
I like it
Lovely...
Super fun and addictive!!
Best game ever works great with me
I love this game so much. Its great fun and really addictive
Super game
Super game
superb game
easy to play simple no stress  and most important FUN!!
Gushtastic and fun!
Családi harc dúl a rekordok megdöntéséért, nagyon szórakoztató!
Gr8 game  Just install it guys
Addicting nd entertaining.
Very best game
5 stars says it all
I love this game so much I can play the game for weeks
best....
I love thia game espesily the dragon blade
Omg this game is so fun.like fruit mania XD but I love this game a lot
this game is all about FUN ! thanx ^_^
Excellent
I have a Samsung exhibit two nd this app is the best!
Asome
I like the game ,i can't ...
I like the game ,i can't ...
Gd game
My sis n me go crazy is a good game to play
Awsome
GREAT
I bought the kinect version and I had to have mobile version 5 stars
Love it
Too good..m enjoying it
!,
My momma
My momma
Greasest game ever
I really like tyhe game
Great
Cool game
I love this game it makes me happy
Fun games cool???
Fun games cool???
Love the colors!
I love this game
Its amazing
Nice time passing game. The graffics is important to like this game.
Nice time passing game. The graffics is important to like this game.
I Love it
Good
Bast
Ultimate
Ultimate
It's awesome
Ultimate game
must instal
I have no words 4 it...
G0od game !
G0od game !
super cool!
Vthddyjcsdyhb. Ccgv. Xdfh. Cfy. ... ..    Ch :():@_@@ Fsggsvjglgx. Gzkhdhg.ysdjjg gdcjhf. Gfchjh vjbxfhn ghcg ghdhjf gdnhfb gyjvfhcdg vafhhddgvc gjd hcgh fhn fhcth. Yj fh xybcdh cgb g g cbffhxgv fhbc
AWESOME
Needs more swords and backgrounds to win
Goooooood
Love this game!!!!!!!!
Awesome.game.so.addictive!!!
good but please add more blades
Awesome
Awesome
It is very fun playing it!!
But sometimes it lag :). Good App :)
But sometimes it lag :). Good App :)
I  like it
Excellent
Its cool and awesome!!!!!!!!
Great sress reliever
Game freezes every time i combo slice. Not worth playing.
Good game
No comment
Omg this was awesome actually. Never get bored this game. And I really like their sound. SPLASH SPLASH SPLASH lol idk. Haha. Keep it up! :D xx
Its okay i guess if you like ninjas or fruits or both
Okay I have download this befor but now it keeps force closeing so like I play clasdic then I press play again and it will force close DO NOT GET UNLESS FIRST TIME!!
Sweet
Awesome
best game ever
I love this app no problems at all
Why i dnt get any reward!!
nice! sogoooood :D
Great
Awesome
love dis game lots.
Best game ever
It good I love it
soo much fun
GOOD GAME
My kids and I love this game.  Plays successfully on EVO 4G LTE and Galaxy2 Tab.
fun 2 play
Awesome!!
Good job!
Lots of fun never had any problems!
I love it .!
Sweet
Superbb game...!! My all frnds are sinked in this game to break the highest score ... very funny and great game...
Thiz game is amazing
This game is very fun & very addictive :-D!!!
I like It
Awesome fun game
Awesome fun game
Love it
Best
Halfbrick please add more swords like bomb sword and firework sword or somethin. Please!!!
I love this game so much its my fave
i love this game
i love this game
This game is good
Most amazing game eva (:
This is is such a great game compared to fruit slice
I first played it on iphone ,then when i bought samsung galaxy s ll i downloaded it and it's wonderful
It's thrid time installed it on my s3 but it never works
An AWESOME game to play and unlocking new swords and backgrounds makes it more fun cuz ur like goin 4 a goal but sometimes it freezes but it still ok
Njesh
Screen stays black when I try to open it, can't play
This game is so fun once you start playing you can't stop playing
This is the funnest game i ever played
Best game
I rili luv it
I am a  master
this is the best game for all androids!
The game is awesome and addicting! Love it 5 stars
The game is awesome and addicting! Love it 5 stars
My favorite game
Sister loves this so does my mom I only gave it  4 stars because of the constant lag it has but get the full version and the lag is gone
Sister loves this so does my mom I only gave it  4 stars because of the constant lag it has but get the full version and the lag is gone
I love game
this is a awesome game
Yeah, am agreed to those who have given it above 4....really like its juicy carnage:*)
Its so addicting
The best game i had ever played!!!!!
Hatsoff
I love it.idont love it beacause its slow to download
Galaxy Nexus
Galaxy Nexus
Very friuty
I play constantly love it!
Ik
Total fun can't resist playing it the best in here after the angry guys you know.
I thought it was great but it could be better .
Play this game very cooooooooooooooooooooooooool
feeling like eating fruit salad man
So addictive and quick to play, I love it!
So addictive and quick to play, I love it!
This is a good game...
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-)
I love dis game
I love dis game
Just got a highscore of 599 on arcade !!.. keeps crashing when I get a frenzy though which is annoying but excellent game!
Love it;-)
AwesomE
Nice game
Hi
Hi
My highest score on classic mode is 7771
good job sir
good job sir
This game is awesome. The only problem is that it freezes. It sucks to see that guys and girls who play this gets irritated because it lags and freezes. Please fix this.
This game is the best i play this.all nightlong ooooooooooo
I love et
I love et
I love et
I love this game it is the best game ever
Joy full game
Dis game is raw addicted ro it when I'm in class.  And when I walk home
Dis game is raw addicted ro it when I'm in class.  And when I walk home
i have never had a problem with this game. i have had it on every phone for the past year its fantastic 5 stars!
Since theres NO good comments about this game, and its obviously good theres just one bad thing and thats the lagging welllll funn game (:
gbx x
Worked well for a little while, then started pausing randomly in the middle of three game and loading a weird `feint` message when you open it. Unin stalled it cause it crashed after a while. I have a Samsung Galaxy 2 Epic.
Freezing to much
I wish the free app got the pomegranate thing when youbcan slice it a million times and get a lot of points other than that its GREAT!!
I hate it is stupid
PERFECT!!!
Awesome as hell
Nice game!!!
Nice game!!!
Nice game!!!
This game ia mad..
I love it
Love it the best game ever
This game is awesome
Loving this game
All your games are stupid
All your games are stupid
Fun and keeps me busy
is this fun
This game really is the best game
Get it!
Hyfr ,
Love it!
hx
hx
Realy nice game
Best game ever high score 534
I love the fruit ninja
Exellent
Exellent
BEST GAME
Good...............    .
They all like
good
good
oh mayyyy ! My old ninja was gone and its keep me freak ! i installed it again :)
oh mayyyy ! My old ninja was gone and its keep me freak ! i installed it again :)
It is very nice
It is very nice
I cant stop playing this game :-D
Great game my high score is 458.. is it just me or it takes forever to connect to opponent s an see other people score.. as for freezing lags never I'm on Huawei Ascend P1 4.0.3 aka AWESOME PHONE
Nice
Love the fruit ninja!
Very fun & addicting!!!
i love this game
Love the game!!! People that havent downloaded it should its really fun
Its.really.awesomest and challengig....i hav  unlocked all the blades nd backgrounds
Cool and sexy game
Best sgt2 game nim
Gayatri
Gayatri
I cant download it !!!!
Great
:P
Nista penda
Best game ever made frm 1/2BRICK STUDIOS thanks very much
Great game
Fruit ninja is cool fun and keeps children entertaned
Fruit ninja is cool fun and keeps children entertaned
This game is very fun
Truly addictive and fun game!.
Love this game to bits! Been playing it for days! <3
Love this game to bits! Been playing it for days! <3
I love this game its so fun. I had some problems with in freezing and blacking out but other then that its a really awesome game
좋아♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
좋아♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
좋아♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
So addictive!
Fun to cut
I like it
Good
Llllllllllllooooooooooooovvvvvvv eeeeeeeeeer    it Singhanggingye( which means love out
Ihhhh
Ihhhh
I Love This Game , Sometimes It Freezes But Other Than That Its A Great Game :)
twj
A nice game
This game is tha bomb I love it
Very good
Loveeee it
Best game I ever played
Best game I ever played
Its beast
I loove this gamee!! Its great! :)
I love cake
This game is awesome!!!!!!
I can't beat my high score.
I like soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Love.this.game
Good
Awsome
I love this game and it works great for me! I am completely addicted only problem is it keeps erasing my high scores but no biggie :)
Awesome cool came louv u guys who created it nothin but good things to say to it God bless!
Nice
Good
Good
Fruit ninja is fun game where ever you are you can play it !
Love it
Like sometimes its irritatingg butt sometimes its very fun
Still haven't gotten tired of slashing fruit :)
Yeahhhhh
Yeahhhhh
Yeahhhhh
I love this game
Loving  It
Loving  It
I really like it
So  coøoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll  p
Love this alot!!
Its f....u....n!!!!!!!!!!!
Its f....u....n!!!!!!!!!!!
I unlock all items and my high score is 700  plus im not kidding
Its fun entertaining and awesome
Just a littel change....overall good..
Just a littel change....overall good..
Love it
Fruit ninja is a very good game which works on my samsung galaxy ace perfectly
Oh yeah
awsome!!(:
Very good game. No ads. I really like earning the knifes my fave is the butterfly one
Nice
Fun
I love it
Amazing .....drives me crazy....
Nice
Fehwidn
Its a good time passer
Its a good time passer
:)
Its awesome game. All should download it.....
Q
Not working... Always restarting... In xperia neo V. Please fix it.
Not working... Always restarting... In xperia neo V. Please fix it.
Not working... Always restarting... In xperia neo V. Please fix it.
gud
i lov it
Ok layan
Enjoble and super intertaining :)
Best
Please Halfbrick please please please release jetpack joyride for android. I just loooooovve the game, because I played it on iOS
This is spartaaaaaaaaa!!!
This game is fun if you love fruit. Looks yummy. Very entertaining as long as you can unlock new stuff^^
Love it
This is a very fun game I would download all the time
This is a very fun game I would download all the time
Very sexy game like sunny leone i love this game
Super entertainer
-nice !?!-
Addictive
fun game but update it
it is best game in the world
It's a great app.. me & my brothers kept arguing on who shall play next and who gets the highest score..
I can't stop playing dis game ...
Saya suka game ini saya suka sangat tau game  ni memang best  ok bye
Cool
Its amazing
That sounded so corny lol xx No, really, this game is great, better on a bigger screen though (like iPhone, Samsung Galaxy S, Galaxy Ace etc.) Graphics and response time pretty good. Only nag is that the app its linked to, Beintoo, which is for discounts, is a bit rubbish.
i gave it one star bcoz it got stucked in galaxy y and touch is not working in this game it got freezed
Wow
:-)
Love it .
love it love it love it
i want a updated version like in a apple phones...
Like
:)
nice game .its awesome .i dont know why u guys write such bad comments!
Loveing it
Loveing it
It keeps freezing pllz fix then 5 stars!!
My favorite game I would recommend this to every one ! Except when IM listening to music and playing F.N the screen goes.black but it's a great game ! :)
It works perfectly on my phone....
Awesome game!so addictive!!!!I looovvveee this game!
I just love swipeing the fruit makes me feel hungry
:)
This game is crazy good
Its an awsum game I wud hav given 5 bt it freezes a lot pls fix it
Its an awsum game I wud hav given 5 bt it freezes a lot pls fix it
How about adding jetpack joyride?
O_o
Fun
Asome game
vry gud
vry gud
I luv this game
This game is really fun my daughter loves to use my phone to play this game
This game is really fun my daughter loves to use my phone to play this game
Love! Is more then any thing
This is fun for the whole family to enjoy five stars
This game is the bomd
My kids love it
Great game and I love playing it! But lately its started shutting down and not letting me play at all. Already unistalled once. Please fix!
Its Tully fun
Its Tully fun
Love it
Fun
None
Love it
Coooool
Great to ward f yo boredom....
Cool game
Wonderful
It takes too fudging long to load , when i wanted to connect to the internet thing. -.-t it sucks
best game ever
best game ever
best game ever
best game ever
574
Best game eva sooo addicting
I luv this game I play it everyday
I played and its was too easy if i made this game id make it hard everyone likes. A challenge. and it need faster fruits and less time like that thats what i mean
Good game
This is the most fuckin awesome game ever
Call
they say angry birds is good but fruit ninga is the best i mean ask me its just unbeatable and its the best game on the market whos with me
Lycoghex
Good
I luv this game
So cool
This Is cool
Good
Its cool
like
Good Game
Luv it
Luv it
עכ
great
So addicting!  Love it. Recommend it.
Awsm game
Great game
Nice
Awesome
I love it
It takes awhile to download but it is fun
It takes awhile to download but it is fun
One of my best
Love it
Sux
I wish games can be more like this
Awesome
Cool app
I love it but it takes a ling time to diwnload nd it feeezes
i play this on my samsung galaxy ace and it keeps you entertained for ever 5 star
Its very fun In some way cuz I feel that I am a ninja I'm really gonna like this game
This is a great game its a good pass time too this is a very nice so you should get it yeah that's it bye
It is hard but fun
Toni
I love it
good time pass
good time pass
very testy water melone
Love it ^^
Very nice
I freaking love this game! My annoying brother got addicted. That's why I rated you guys 5 stars, keep up the good work!!
It rocks no other game is as awesome as this NT even angry birds
Really simple but still entertaining . A must have app
Really simple but still entertaining . A must have app
Keka
Is it don
I love this
I love this
nice
nice
Love this game! but just downloaded it and has already frozen 4 times in the past 5 minutes time to uninstall:( hope it gets fixed
It was an amazing game. I really enjoy playing this.
Awesome!
Awesome!
Good
Yeah
Yeah
Very fun
Awesome game
This game is awesome!!! I love this
Runs smoothly but freezes sometimes so gonna give 4 stars.
nicee
awesome..
I love this game  Experience it you also
shuld have updation..
I love this game... I usually don't play games on my phone bet When I'm outta internet or service I love playing it - Kyleigh <3
It rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooocccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''ssssssssssssssssssøssssss...........
The best time killing app ever
Cool Game :)
Had it on my old phone so I had to install it again by the way it's so cool.
This game is awesome!  Only problem Is that my phone's screen gets scratched.
This. Game. Is awesome.
I love this game
i love this game it addicting
Cut cut cut
Cut cut cut
Wtf!hahahah...just kidding,
Nice game
Yummy
frut ninja free
frut ninja free
I love this game its sooooooo fun. Im adddicted :) :)
If u use 2 fingers u get 2 swords
If u use 2 fingers u get 2 swords
I love this game its awsome
Will always love fruit Nina!!!!!
not downloading
I love this game!
This game is so fun! I love it!
Love
I promise u will feel like a ninja
Love da game!!:)!!
Add gutsu's cart
Best stress relief!!.
Best stress relief!!.
Very good
Abc
excllent job , with all enhanced graphics and a tail behind fruits it is excellent in the live with walkman and so smooth due to adreno 205 1GHz armv7 cpu and of course your work! Enhanced graphics and advanced are so beatiful and gives a big sense and the flame slicer is so amazing!! Thanks (please add pomegrenate!)
My lil brother loves it
Slow and not smooth at times, apart from that great gaSlow and not smooth at times, apart from that great game!!!
Slow and not smooth at times, apart from that great gaSlow and not smooth at times, apart from that great game!!!
Game
Awesome game love it
Love it when it works! But hate when it crashes
Love it when it works! But hate when it crashes
Adictiv
Love this game!
I like the classic version and the Zen mode is good for young kids!
Awesome and very addictive game. Love it!!
Best game ever
Very fun
I love this game as you can play it when ever you like and you never get board of it and IT'S Free!
could u add jetpack joyride to the google play store please. Thank you!!!!
I is wonderful game
Its soooo addicting
F
...
One of the coolest app... I lov it.......
Awsome
I love this game!!!!
Its time passing game...
Needs More swords
Nice but it occupies more amount of space so it takes a little bit longer time to download with my slow internet
Ya its kinda fun
Ya its kinda fun
Very addictive
this game is soooooooooo great!! i love it!  i give 5  stars!
It's nice game to play.
Yeah
Yeah
Well good works perfectly on my sony ericsson xperia x10
Every time  I slice mre thn one frut in da gam it shuts off! Great time wastr though
Every time  I slice mre thn one frut in da gam it shuts off! Great time wastr though
Game is addictive but it freezes almost every time i play. It will also freeze and then close on its own right in the middle of a game at least 7 out of 10 times. Fix and ill rate 5 stars
Game is great
my moms favoriate game.....she loves the game.....so five points
Suberb game i love it because it is intresting Fatima
There was a problem with the game on my Galaxy S2. You could open the app but when you start a new game (normal, zen or arcade) , the game froze and it "force close"d itself. Thanks guy! It's resolved now :-)
I think fruit ninja Is the best ♥♥♥
It is good
Love love love
I have 1 more thing to unlock:P
I have 1 more thing to unlock:P
Super cool!!!!!!!!!!!
Slow in downloading but very nice
Thumbs up to fruit ninja!!my sister always compets with our cousinsthank you for majing this game.  fromMichelle the fruit ninja!!!!!!
Its an awesome game great to pass time whilst bord or somthing
Love this game!!
I love this game!
It freezes sometimes. Makes my battery die REALLY fast. Thts pretty much it
This is the best game i ever see
I really love this game due to its fast processing and in my case it does not freezes
I very like it..
Slicing my time away
ok
I AM ADDICTED TO THIS GAME I CANNOT PUT IT DOWN....FIRST THING IN THE MORNING I'M PLAYING STAYING UP LATE NIGHT PLAYING THIS GAME....I LOVE IT
Would b 5 but shuts down evry time I use it
The best game ever.
Awesome
:)
Is there puss in boots free version for android 2.1 or lower Great game x10 mini

(Youtube uzic211)
realy good
Awesome game super simple
Awesome game super simple
I love this game
Its cool but i got this for ipad and the ipad has that big fruit and Android does not
Ddcf
Would love to get new levels and modes
Yea so fun
Yea so fun
I love this game make sure there are updates thanks for making this app
Its definitely an awesome app with the least problems..but..I hope there are more updates for more features and varieties of like new knifes, challenges, game modes and etc. Thanks: )
Owwwww woww owesome
Its easy
Wow!
Beast
Beast
Beast
This game is really nice. Its very relaxing for me to play it. I actually relaxe and have fun playing this game!!!!!!!
Lassen
Love this game
Great
I like this game
Best game it has no problems
love
Have you ever found a really simple game that is SO addictive? Well thats fruit ninja! Its amazing!!
this games is awsome
Lol lol LOL LOL LOL
It is one of the best game for time-pass.
Pojie
Fruit ninja won't install on my phone
Fruit ninja won't install on my phone
Awesomeness
Awesomeness
Boo
Theepan
Me and my son play it we  try to beat our highscore this is a good app
Me and my son play it we  try to beat our highscore this is a good app
Still i cant even believe that i scored 1093 in arcade mode....... but it would be really nice if there is an analysis at last like how many fruits got cut, no of combos, no of slices other than its an awesome time killing game......
Fun game
Coll app one of thw best apps
I can play this all day!!!!! :)
Immensely addictive and so much fun!
Thank you for reduceing tthe lag on galaxy ace. Now if only you could make it not lag at all.
Somach
Ma favourite applic
Its nice
This game is so cool I gave  it five stars even though it freezes I love it
Cool
Extraordinary
its a great app........i spend most of my time playing but the only thing that annoys me is tht it freezes often
Great
This is cool
Τελειο!!
Its a great game
This game is awesome just play it:-)!!!!!
Really a superb game.
Thanks for this awesome game
Awesome!!!""
Fove stars but all pf my friends have lite but still fully updated but not mine WHY    five stars clap clap clap
Superb
;;
;;
;;
I love this app  its just fantastic
This game is brilliant and fun and just realy good I have no words it is that good get it !!!
Goooooodd coooool
j
j
excellent
Awesome
Love ths app !!
Awesome
Good Work halfbrick
Love it <3
Love it <3
Love this game
Love it
its one of the best games i love now so amazing when you play it on ur phone wish it was on the computer,xbox,playstation and more out there.hope they make different types of this game.
It is so much fun! It doesnt glitch or freeze! Very intertaining
This is a good game!
It doesn't lag, it's really good at killing time. I like the fruit facts it has.
This is fun and me and my friends love this
F***ing love this game. Mandatory for all phones and at home on kinect!!!!  Thank God for a game to bring angry birds down!!!  I hate that game.
Nice app
This best game ever
Ninja friut  is my good  Game :-)
Nice game
I Like It
I Like It
I think this  os a cool game
I think this  os a cool game
I think this  os a cool game
Addicting and fun
CoooL
CoooL
Just try to put less bommbs in it im kiddin
Love this game
Im definetley getting it ! Oh and gail you wrote alot ha /[-..-]/ what a joke ! !
it is a very good game and i see a lot of download 50millons why it no.10 should be frist
passes time and its a fun game to play at a plane, business, or work place, ant etc.
passes time and its a fun game to play at a plane, business, or work place, ant etc.
Hello I am downloading now,????
I love this game
I love this game
I like fruit ninja best game
Its great its a funky little game u can jut pull out whenever u want
I love this game very much <3
Good game.
Good game.
Fruit ninja is a fun game to slice .fruit. You will all like it much
A super awesome gam
Gud fuckin game'
one of t the best games ive ever played!
one of t the best games ive ever played!
I like this it's so funny
Wow. Love this game
Love it
I love this game so much it is great !!! :D
This game is awe
I love this game!
Like
Ninja fruit
I love this game I always want to play this game.and addicted
Very cool APP
Awsome  I luv it so much and its really fun dosent freeze up fun 5 stars and 1 thumb up
Its something fun to play when ur bored. And like Jeremy Lin says...it helps u get into Harvard haha! ^^
Kehv sellepärast sest ta ei taha alla laadida.
I love this game but it sometimes become log and it is reallay bugging me out but the game is still nice. Thanks a lot.
Its  great..
Kinda good...
Love this app :-)!!!!
This first time i play the best game
Superb game when travelling
I think this was a good move for half brick. I also like the new blades and the options menu. Still a bit laggy though :)
Cool!!!
Simply love this game !
Problem with Samsung Galaxy Nexus..
I love this game. I play it nearly everyday!
Its a juicy game by halfbrick studio
It's a great game.. but the ads is intrusive, and slowing down the game.. you need to show the ads some other way.
Guzel oyun
i love the app (: i play it all the time and sometimes my friends steal my phone just to play it... i have loads of fun and it was totally worth the download. Beat part: no glitches or lag (:
Not bad for a finger swiping game using your finger didgits across a screen game spot on app yes i say
hi I am Arihant this Game Is very Good
I used to hate this game on my SAMSUNG GALAXY YOUNG AND GIO my HTC LEGEND but on my xperia U outs awsum the game play is v. Smooth!  Probably bcoz of my MALI 400 GPU  along my 1Ghz dual core Nova Thor CPU!!!  :-D
very good
Love the game its so simple but funn and i havet had a problem so far
Love the game its so simple but funn and i havet had a problem so far
fruit ninja is awesome
Nice one
It is a very fun game to play.
Diz app iz amazing .helping me connecting wid my frrnzz .....:) :) :)
Mast h i love ninja fruit
Thanks
nice
Nice game .....works gud on s3
Good game
ok ba klu ko
Love dis game
Fruit ninja
Its awsome
I love it I love it I love it!!!!
I love it. Its a great time waster :-P
It's fun but after a while it becomes kinda boring.
Mg
It don't even load from the black screen when you first click on the app -.-
I am proud for this.
Cool
Making pancakes making Bacon pancakes
I love this game its awesome koo
Fruit ninja is awesome!!! Kids will love it!!!!!!!!!I think everyone should rate 5!!!!!! :) wimps go :(
Very addictive, keeps my 4 year old busy!
Awesome
Awesome
love it!!!
Can't go into leaderboards on HTC EVO LTE
I love this game!
It's.  Really. Fun but could be. More fun.
It is so amazing and fun
It is so amazing and fun
My kids and i really love this game so easy to use. Fun!
Love the game
Awesome game
I like it
fruty sweet
This game is really addicting and I DONT regret ever downloading it.definitely definitely download! !
So fast men i love ' tis
Couldn't get above 70. It kept crashing all the time. Google Nexus One
Its my favorite game!!!  Helps keep the time go by...
Nice game
I really like this game and  so does my baby sister :)
Itsa fun game to get ur anger out
The best game ever!!!!!!!
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Its the best app ever. No question. Best.
Love this game
This game force closes on me every time I start slicing the fruit . I mean like EVERY TIME I PLAY!!!  Its getting to the point that I cant even play!!! I just want uninstall it! Cause its taking up space on my phone when I cant even play it for a minute!
Cooooool game ever
Guys this is the best game for timepass$ and fun played ever
Good new blades like it
amazing my fave game by far love the levels and hours of entertainment out of this game love it 5***** game xxxxx
Osssssssam
One of best small android game
An awsome game.Keeps me busy when im bored.
An awsome game.Keeps me busy when im bored.
I have the iPhone version, which has more fun options, never stops working, never goes to black screen and stops working, doesn't freeze my phone, and doesn't bombard you with 5 million ads.  They obviously believe Apple products deserve better programming than Android.  Delete!
Love this game
Fruit ninja is   really when i did not have a phone my dad had the same game and i always took his phone to play it......I LOVE FRUIT NINJA!
Nice work i have a suggestion put a legendary sword and tales
lol
Nice game :-!
Awesome game!!!!
Just fun to play and epic to install i got addicted to this game when i first downloaded it mind u sometimes it makes ur phone freeze!!!!!!!!!
LL
A great app. Just awsome . Feel like to keep playing it but now it Gets stuck in between and shuts down...
Exellent...
nnn
ahahahaa   m2m
I like it
Heard about this game through friends and thought I would try it. First impressions werent great with it taking five minutes to load and having a bunch of adverts. When the game got started I thought it was very good with excellent graphics and picked up the touch screen immediately , loved all the colours too. But when the game ended many adverts popped up interupting my game and blocking the retry button so I couldnt play again. Had to delete app. I know it is a free app but cut the adds and it will be 5
i like it so much
Nice
O
nice
I freakin <3 this game ^.^
It freezes for a few seconds sometimes but overalllove it...... best blades ever seen can't wait for more ;)
jst one word.. supergame!!
Awesome
Its bomb!
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Thats all I have to day =]
Awsome if i had the star fruit update
Yo this game is awesome really I loved it...
Nice n addictive..luv d arcade mode...but ads are really annoying..
Love this game but sometimes it make me want to eat some fruit
Excellent for now. I'm a game judger from the google play market
Addictive simply amazing
It really fun
Love it
It's a bomb
I know this game already and i have enjoyed it on my pc but im kinda upset why is it not installing on my android. Hmmmp. -__-
Uncheckedbandsheyh church convenience bullying funny
I played this in las vegas in a acrade a big tv its sooooooooooooooooooo cooooooooooooooool ;o) in south point the hotel in las vegas
I play this game about 4 hours a day :)
This game is awesome that is why I rated this game five stars
This game is awesome that is why I rated this game five stars
This game is so fun and addicting ! I jus wish they would add more items you could win since I already unlocked all the achievements within 2 days
d best game eva
Love this game!!!!
Awsome
I love dis game
It keeps force closing , -.-
It's fun and you will find yourself playing it again and again.
I luv this game! Whenever I am bored or stuck in the car, I bring out my android phone and start playing! I don't download apps here and there cuz there r only a few good 1s out there. So I only hav about 4 addicting games. This is my fav!
Really good
Really good
This game is the best, I have already beaten it because tjst is how easy it is!!!!
Nice
Bo double ss
Its my first time playing its okay #... freaggn fun
Awsome
Awsome
best fruit game on android phone
Its Awesome....you catch yourself playing for hours
All kids love it from 3 to 15
Great game.
keeps freezing & the screen keeps going black.
Cool Asome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't stop playing it!
Can't stop playing it!
I luv this game but sometimes the levels are hard to beat. But its still the bestest game  everz
This game is awesome.. Great for killing time..
Awsome game
I like this game because it is a juicy action game....
I like this game because it is a juicy action game....
Awesome game
Its not slow like other games:)
Its not slow like other games:)
I love it
it dsnt work it jus says force close dats y i rated it 1 star
Nyc game
nice game
I love this game but wat sucks is that it freezes alittle 2 much
You get the full experience and many things to choose from for the blades and background. And the ads aren't in the way when you play
Awesome
С первых минут игра захватывает и не отпускает и через долгое время.
Now in real life i know how to cut fruits!!
Its an interesting game. Especially for ninjas!  :-P
Gud
I love fruit ninja and got a colourful blade
Its realy good thanks for making game
Its the best game ever I works perfectly :-)
Love online multiplayer. Gutsu is making xperince way better. But always crashes or never gets into game. Please fix O:-)
Lol  ok
Bang Bang
I love this game! :)
Wonderful game
Gcgggtdgghfdfdsdrhu
Its very fu
Great game; i would have  bought this game if it was even paid!!!!!!!
:)
Great game it is the best
obi
Fantastic game!!!!!
A gud time pass
Bakwaas
Its really a good game. But with too many ads
Dugay ang loading
Great game I love it
Excellent
this game is really awesome and cool
The best game
game
I am so addicted to this game!!!
I am so addicted to this game!!!
very good
Fun app
Awesome game!! But there should be a multiplayer for the free version!
This game really gives me so much funtertainment!!!!!!?
Love it
I love this game.
bonus up up up. great
One of the bestest game yet
Most addicting ever
Great game to kill time it gets addictive after a while. : )
Great game to kill time it gets addictive after a while. : )
I luv it
I love this game very addictive.
I always play this game! Its very addicting
Its like a breast. I like this!!!
Lov it
Cool
I love this app
This game is boss
It's. Very.  Fun!
I lite SOUP ame ham Im Ponyo.
Imo
Lol so fun
Cool
I love this game
Dude this game is freaking awesome!!
Love it , keep it up
Awesome
My kids love this game...its the best one since angry birds
love it
This game is such a great way to pass time and have fun!! Now my friends and I all have it on our phones and tablets!!!
Love this game!
Every time I am board I play friut ninja and it cheer me up! Lol
Good coz am 11
Wavyy
Best game bck evaa!
Love it
Nice game...
Nice game...
This game keeps me happpppy lol hehehehehhe welll yeha
Awesome game
Epic
Epic
I love it! :o install now! I got all the blades and backgrounds. Its fun foing them.
I love diz game and it work well on my phone I give it a 5star
Its amezing game me and my friends like this game.but it realy good game..Rizwan Muskan
Lord i love this game
So awesome
Nice game
Awesome i have it on all my devices
Nice game
It is a very addictive game i rate it 5 stars :-)
Nice time killer
Very gud enjoyable game
I'm always playing this game
This game is awsome
Nyc app dude works nycly..
I love this game lol it also makes me hungry
I love this game lol it also makes me hungry
I love this game lol it also makes me hungry
Cool
Cool
xbvsjnhn
Worth tge install
If you get the black screen after the loading screen wait till the force close message appears then click wait and it should take you to a different screen then click the no,continue button.
Excellent
A
Great app
Great app
i love this game thank you fruit ninga :)
it very nice game never saw such a game
greatest app ever
Rahul
Lovele
Great game really enjoyed it!
Love the game play it all the time Xx
I love to play it!!
Oh my gosh I just lov this its so adorable and I find it  so adictive it deserves strsight away 5/5
9916441934
9916441934
I down loaded this game and thought it was going to fun and I was right it is alsome i rate this game 5 stars
cool.. i was addicted......
I love it because my kids love it
I love it because my kids love it
I like it so much cause its fun stuff to me.
Lovin it !!
Awesome
this app is very good.
It could be a really fun game, but it keeps freezing on my bionic, I'd rate it higher, but I've lost several times sure to the freeze, i ended up deleting it
I <3 this game
Love it!!!!
My 6 year old lives this game.
Fruit ninja is awesome
Love it:)
Love it
This is one of the best game I.have.on my Android because it gets so addictive.
Best game ever that game is in my top list of the game.
Fun
Fun
Ehh its good. It freezes a little bit so ****
Awesome
Nice cool like it
Good game
Congratulations!!!! This app is 1 year old and still very gud Luv it...
Congratulations!!!! This app is 1 year old and still very gud Luv it...
I love this game its so fun  and it works great
I love this game so much
Great
I was shocked it was so good one of the best just great
Dnhfgg rhbxghddhn
Dnhfgg rhbxghddhn
Hdjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjfixixifiiifufjffuffjgjffffjfjfjfjfhfjfjfjfjfjfjfjjfjfjgjfjgjgjgjgjgjgjgjgjfjfjfjfjfjfj CXMNHHJHX FVVHV FVG VG CC F GBG B
I play it all the time
I play it all the time
Fun
I love this game!
I love it
PERFECT!!! Rlly cool game i had no problems with it so far :)
So fun
Imma love this game its other versions should be free
love it
Excellent
Excellent
F
Nice game
I don't have much to say so I'm just going to say this cool game
I don't have much to say so I'm just going to say this cool game
just came out  just  got   awesome
Every time i attempt to play it freezes up and says its not responding.  Guess im gonna just delete it. No since having a game if i cant play it.
Cool
Freezes around 20 secs into the game every time, uninstalled!
Great
Great
It freezes n then screen goes black :-(
I love these game. It is so cool. You should get it. There's so much stuff to unlock.
Cool game in the world I can marry this game!!!!!!!!
Its sooo awessssoooommmmeeeeee
It is a  good game
It gets me hard
Great game! Highly addictive. I wish it had like a story mode for an endless play!
Fun game
Crashed several times and locks my phone up.
The game is really GOOD!!!! It's a real good game
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great app but had to download again a few times as it kept crashing
Cool
UGH
UGH
Fruit ninja is awsome u should download it man  by the way fruit ninja is 4 u 2 c
Out of this worled
Force closes whenever the screen gets a moderately large amount of fruit on it and I get a combo, incredibly annoying.
Screen blanks out in the middle of game. Game should force screen on while game is on.
Screen blanks out in the middle of game. Game should force screen on while game is on.
This game is awesome
Amazing :-)
Fun game that has hours o' fun
Wow
Wow
taking so much time to download
Very fun game. Takes a while to download. 4 stars.
Try it
Try it
Excellent  game
Didn't work
Love itt
I played this game on my dads kindle it is realy fun its one of my favorites
Galing
Love this game!!!!!!
Love this game!!!!!!
I think the best game ever
I think the best game ever
Gaga Gagalove
You can use the s pen which is doesnt grip to the screen like your finger does. Much more nimble
A1
This game is ok but i can only in on it for five mins and then the screen goes all blank
Easily my top most favorite game right now. It works brilliantly and is great for burning a bit of time.
Itsss sooo Verryy cool
Mmm nice but it can be better:)
good
it is a great game please play it u will also brcome a fan of it like me
Fabulous
So epic
Mad game
Nice game
Love the game
Best dooo... ..
Best dooo... ..
love this game so much. going to be addicted on it ♥
its good to be a ninja
Superb slicing game
This app is cool, and it's free! So you better stop what you're doing and play this!
Awesome apps
Such a good game
Cool man!
Its a really addictive game love it
Cool.. Game
Nice game
wonderful game
you shode injoy the game
Dnfhbffvvbhdbjfshoghk Ffgjnfjgsh
Fun
Let the juices flow....
This game is the "BOMB"!!!!!!!!
This game is the "BOMB"!!!!!!!!
This game is the "BOMB"!!!!!!!!
this game rocks I would play  every time
This games cool
Yup
Awesome
Awesome
Brillient game
I love this app
Its working good
Its working good
I loved slicing through the juicy oranges,kiwis,strawberries,and all other kinds of variuos fruits! It was challenging trying no to slice right through those pesky bombs,but it was very very fun! If you are reading this I can tell you now that this is an AWSOME game! :-)
once i get to the five fruits at once, the app force closes.
I love it a lot it is so cool
The second best
Kaim a
This game is ofc the chane if only I didnt kerp thonking that tbe bombs were fruit but thats my fault this game is awesome
This game is ofc the chane if only I didnt kerp thonking that tbe bombs were fruit but thats my fault this game is awesome
Is good
Is good
Superb app its really amazing
Superb app its really amazing
Best game ever
I love it soooo much...it is really addicting and I love how you can achieve goals and get different backgrounds and different blades!!!! Super fun rhat anyone could enjoy!!!:-)
I love it soooo much...it is really addicting and I love how you can achieve goals and get different backgrounds and different blades!!!! Super fun rhat anyone could enjoy!!!:-)
Swag
Swag
This game is cool but my finger hurts when I go on for a long time in zen mode but other than tht its great....
Very good and excellent
Very good and excellent
I think Fruit Ninja is amazing and this is coming from a spectacular nine year old.
I think Fruit Ninja is amazing and this is coming from a spectacular nine year old.
TOP !!!!!!!
Addictive
its so fun that i actually wasted my phone battery to plsy this game.
Love it. When I'm bored this keeps me really busy!!
50 million downloads WWWWTTTTTFFFF
I lov this game so muchhhhhhhhhhhhh:)
Love this game its awesome.
Fun
Very interesting and fascinating
Love this game
Fyhjh
Dis game is awesome i always dis game
Great game :D
Great game :D
t
t
Game is awesome but not working properly in galaxy y..
Its a great game but after you have it for a long time it gets boring. But overall its fun. (: I have the LG Spectrum andy name is Jordan ! I recomend this game to anyone who doesn't have it yet !(:
Awsome game
Phat game!
Awesome game its so much fun to play
love this game
I don't no yet Haven't played
It's a very good game but you need to update it!
Best app for time pass guysss
Wow its awesome im loving it..though it tuk time to get downliaded but iys awesome
perfect game. app
GHWHEHWJaswellbyairat
Me and my family artisans omer woman and obaid enjoy every time when play i love this
Me and my family artisans omer woman and obaid enjoy every time when play i love this
Very nice game
Nice game
awedm game
This game rocks
Truly amazing. I really like the fact that you can unlock new blades and backgrounds! Although I cannot unlock the shadow blade or the mr sparkle blade. :'(
Not better then Minecraft tho
Great fun.. Loved it
Greet
I like this game...!!!
Jeel
It runs rough on my device.pls fix it and ill give 5stars
Lov it
I Like It
i less than 3 it
i less than 3 it
Love it!!
Awsome game! :) So much fun & great way to pass time! So get chopping fruit & before long you'l be a fruit ninja!!! :D
Awsome game! :) So much fun & great way to pass time! So get chopping fruit & before long you'l be a fruit ninja!!! :D
The game was good and nice!!!!
The game was good and nice!!!!
Cool
Awesome
osssam..........
Good
Thanks for creating such a cute games
HzisgiDvispswojdhhbixjdhhsjxijsdfixjdbijbjsjsbidebhdkjbdjfjdjdjdvkdbkddnvjzkxjjknjsjskxjxjdxndjdjdhdjdjfjdjdnxkdbdkdkvkcjndkdkdhdkc
Amazing
One of the best games till now  :D
Kool:)
Greaat!
IPhone demo boooo
Brilliant!
Good game dude
I like..
Awesome distraction
Wow wat a game
Gud game entataning!!!but can make it better !!!!
Cool
Hi
Speach lest
i love this the adds not pop out when i am playing
The app jst roxx n ma galaxy s3
I like it
This game is great and this is one of my favourite apps.
Its realy fun:)
Best game 4ever
Best game 4ever
i really enjoy this game :))
This app is fantastic you have to install it x
I aware its been a month and it still wont open
Good game
Good
Awsome fun game I love it
Dude its great i really really love this game !!! ^_^
I like totally lo e this game!!!!!!
It made me hungry
Works amazing on my zte merit
this is a very in  tresrimg
Totally amazed I love this game
Schedule Cf DJ c
Awesome ^_^
This game is so awsome
Good. Very trusty but must keep phone in a good condition othervise laggy.
I love to get new slice
Its dangerous and addictive baby
Its dangerous and addictive baby
Its dangerous and addictive baby
Good
Good
Grunt
Good?
Good?
I love it
The whole family loves it
Very good game
Very good game
I'm Awesome
BEST FRICKEN GAME EVAR!!!
I really like this game! I love the enjoying sounds of the fruit being sliced! The only thing that irritated me was the video that pops when you are in the middle of the game! o_O. Other then that, its a good game!
Sweet  I love it                      Made you scroll
I really love this game but , in the unlockable blades and background, its says on one of them "Read three strawberry fruit fact to unlock" what does it mean?!
Oklah.....
Hgdhsiiwbxg
This is a nyc game.... I would love to play
Best app Keep up
Its really very addictive i was suprised to find my self playing this game continously for more than 2 hours. The graphics are nice, cool contents to unlock as you play the game. My only compliant is this game keep crashing at times which becomes really inconvinient, hope this will be fixed in future updates.
Love it
Awzum :3
Good
Love fruit I love ninja so I love this game
This game is awesome! !!
Epic
Great game
Great game
Good game just on mine freeze up alot on my phone.. need this fixed
Good game just on mine freeze up alot on my phone.. need this fixed
Jam this game daily in the bus
It's awesome app ever!
I hope the next update will add more blade and new fruits to slice
Fun game! But since updating to ics freezes and crashes. "Graphics fix" reduces the frequency from every game to every three but this is still too frequent to be enjoyable.
I love the game! And its free! I showed my cousin and now he won't stop bugging me to play.
I like slicing the fruits and getting those unlockable backgrounds and blades
This game is the best the only thing is to many thing to do in order to get the swords and back rounds
STOP RAPPING TO ALL THE REVIEWS CONAL YOU ARE GIVING ME A HEADACHE. RAP TO THIS... I DARE YOU.
I have a boyfriend now
Always loading Feint, never finishes. I used to be able to back out of that screen but now I can't. Useless.
Is kool and fun to play when bored :)
It's a fun game works  perfect on my Samsung Galaxy Player.
Not the best sucks!!!
Great
Best game ever nd so funn :P
Best game ever nd so funn :P
More features needed
More features needed
Game is awesome.
Hooohohobo  Gz
Hooohohobo  Gz
Occem
Absolutely amazing !
Nice and fine game You must play it
Nice and fine game You must play it
This is a good game but it freezes up all the time.
This is a good game but it freezes up all the time.
I love this game!I thought that it wuld suck but I was wrong I have all the blades except for the darn shadow I keep trying but can never get it.but great game!! :)
Awesome game
Awesome game
Cutting fruits is a fun
Awsome
As  They Fri
Wow this blows my mind !!!!
This is good :)))
Ooh this app is quite amazing ..... I love it<33
I shared it with all all liked it and they were surprised to see this type of a game I love it ya
Quite entertaining man...! Thought it to be a boring one...!
It's fun as he'll!!
It's fun as he'll!!
I luv it....
This game is slice and dice and àvoid bombs just to make some fruit salad
This is best and i cant stop to get highest score to beat my friends.this games fun!!!?
This is best and i cant stop to get highest score to beat my friends.this games fun!!!?
I love this game
I love this game
I love this game
Awsome game
itrusting game
itrusting game
Luv it!:-D Would appreciate if more goals and awards are given, fingers crossed for the nxt update.Anyways a big CONGRATULATIONS to the makers!GOOD JOB<3
I like so  much
its a great game
dgdc
Hzhdhd
N1 game......
Mast game hai yr dil khus ho jata hai khelne me
Wónderfull Gámè
Great app..!! Sensitive to touch.... You can go for it
This is Nice
<3<3<3<3
<3<3<3<3
<3<3<3<3
Great game
Really grafic love it never gets boaring great game...
Ninja cutter
awesum game
very good game
I Really Love Playing This Game <3
Sweeter
Sweeter
Fun game, just wish it would stop crashing and let is actually complete a game. My kids would really enjoy it!
Very addictive
Wow wow
Awesome game ever
Awesome game ever
Wow
I love this game so much because it is allot of fun.i think you will like it too.
It's a great game it challenges me a lot. But some of the blades are lame like the: Piano Blade and Old Glory Blade. I think it should have more blades and backgrounds.
It's a great game it challenges me a lot. But some of the blades are lame like the: Piano Blade and Old Glory Blade. I think it should have more blades and backgrounds.
cutting fruits in speed
Very fun game, especially zen mode!
Worse than crack!!
Alan
Alan
Fun
I love this apparently its awesome. Wooop
Fun
Fun
I am so loving this game like crazy this is random but icarly rules nickelodeon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!and also CHARLES CARROL MIDDLE SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!!
Nice
Nice
Nice
Best of the best game  :-!
cece rocky
This game is so awesome
It's awesome me
It's awesome me
Good
This game is one of the best games ever invented
Satisfying...Mouth-watering...Insanely fun
Comet
Kia aka me love's it get it   latazzz
Soso sometimes I think it's cheating its freezing
Love this game try it
Adam mowle  I think that it is not the best game but it is really fun
I love this game because I like fruit and cutting fruit with my mommy.
Good
Fun and awesom reccomend it
By playing this game on my godsister phone its so fun nd I will be playing it almost everyday.... I recommend this game to everyone!!! hope u enjoy
the person under this is my cousin
the best game ever my entire family love's it I'm not just saying that
At first it was working great then today I opened it and it crashed and it did so 3 more times .finally it opened but when I sliced new game it froze ,I reopened it and sliced dogo and it froze!!!!!! if not fixed in a couple days it will be uninstalled and instead I'll download fruit slice!
Really cool
Great Game Ilovee It Alot
Really good
Its was pretty cool
Great game runs perfect except for pop ups
Great game runs perfect except for pop ups
I lovvee it: p
I lovvee it: p
Alsome game.i love it.And i think u should try the game.
Its fun and exciting
Excelent
Sirrraaaa!!! Game
Heeeeeeeeeee
Waffles
I love the idea of this game ;)!!! <33
Tasteast fruit
Metalka moj dobar  drugar! METALKAA!
Good is good is good
Good
Nice
This is an awesome game !
usjxxxgCjpp
usjxxxgCjpp
Lol i have...
thank you for a free game it help us to keep away from vicises.
Awsome. It's so much fun.
Cool
This game is so much fun.i just keep dieing i have a pratice more.
really a fun and relaxing game...but occasionally will hang and freeze then forced close on my Samsung Galaxy S2...hopefully this issues will be resolved soon by the update version..nevertheless..it is a great game
Nic fake
I think that the game was okay but it wasnt the best that I think it was
Love it
Nice
Very nice
App
V.good
This is the best get down loading NOW!and why do you have to play seven hours you dont have to its your phone mine dosent happen to me so you dont have to play seven hours get a better phone that isnt a picie of crap
Love it!
:-)
Need I say more?
Timepass game
Great game
Excellent game
I like this game oh yeah!!!!
Good app
This is a great game the ads are a little annoying but no real problem
This is a great game the ads are a little annoying but no real problem
.gd.
Wapak
Endless fun
Endless fun
Love this game
Awsome game
Awsome game
I love it
It's really addictive
Yay ninga back
Its cool
This is the best game ever
Owww
Nice.
Really fun to play but I get a lot more points when I hit all the bombs in arcade mode. Kinda defeats the purpose of the minus ten for each bomb
Great, good, advice u 2 install
I never download games but this one caught my eye and I have had it for months. :)
The bomb
The bomb
This game took my space but I don't care that's how good it is
Aswome if it let's me doal
Update 1 time 1 month
Good game
I love it
Poopy
Super
Awsome
Its a great game I love this one its excellent for passing thetime I love tryin to beat my high score all the time keep Ur the good work
Its a great game I love this one its excellent for passing thetime I love tryin to beat my high score all the time keep Ur the good work
its AWSOME
Great game
Great game!!! Very addictive
This game is the best eveeeeerrrrrr!!!!! I love it so much thanks to the guy who made it your like the best game maker ever!!!!!
Awesome
Awesome
ADDICTING!!!!
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aawesum
I think it is rubbish
Nice game...
This a great game. Its very addictiing with the swords and backgrounds you can collect. Sometimes its hard to collect though. Still a great game.
Good
I love this game!!!!"
DL rite now!
U live in this game it us awsime best game i ever played but frezzes alot
It's a realy fantastic game
Good
Doesnt freeze up my Android which is great
Fun
wonderful
AWESOME AND ADDICTIVE!!!!
I saw this game at Dave and busters and it is so fun
Awesome
Hours of fun
I love this game . it's really cool . and exciting . keep me occupied . (:
I lke the game very much... It ws suprb
This is one of the best games i have ever played
Owsam
Openfeint doesn't load, just hangs on loading screen.....
!!!!!!!!!!
Its a pretty cool game for 11 yr olds.
Best time killer that I ever had!
its an awesome app and my fingers works like ninja in this game app. pick it up. It's a nice choice !!
its an awesome app and my fingers works like ninja in this game app. pick it up. It's a nice choice !!
It is the coolest game ever!
Gret game open feint not working correctly
Get a life
Get a life
amazing game! i like to collect blades especially butterfly blade..
i like this very much
Its bad mans but it mkes me hungry Rofl
Its bad mans but it mkes me hungry Rofl
Very nice 2 play
amazing game. make people becareful
Its a great game an works great too
Its a great game an works great too
Awesome
Very good app:-)
Love the slices XD
Very nice game
i like it
It is a really great and addicting game. Gets a little boring if you play to much a day. Also my first game is always the same. 3 bananaas and a double point one. Still trying to beat my high score of 1025. Has anyone gotton above 2000 points, if yes then how????
A best game but why I press the opp....... it will loading so long until I can't wait
M
Love d game ....many glades to unlock .... interesting ...fun app
most addictive game ever played
Nice app, good time killer.
Love it!!!!!!!!!!!
Very interesting
Jnkughbrfdf
What is this plz fix iy?
What is this plz fix iy?
What is this plz fix iy?
this Game is addictive & fun to play... nothing wrong so far to give it less than 5 stars
Awesome GAME!!! :)
Im beginning to love this app.
My three year old loves this game n I have found it helps with his hand eye Co ordination ..... really good kids game :)
This game is really nice my children love it
This game is really nice my children love it
Best game
Love it
Its so so so so so so so great im lovin it
Rocks
.
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!
it could‘ve been 5 stars if it doesn‘t force close. but great app ! It‘s fun and challenging. :)
Game is really awsome my android doesnt freeze when I play it
I'm surprised how much this game sucked on my Samsung Galaxy S3! I mean, it actually ran smoother and better on my slow as hell itouch! Plus, the dojo isn't as updated and they don't even have that other cart the iTunes store has. I think I'm gonna uninstall and stick to my itouch now..
Happy to have
Awsome
Awesome
I love this game i can play it for hour on end
Good game
Its a really fun game u should totally get it but it slows up your phone somEtimes! :)
!!!!!!!!
If u love fruit attacks then this is ur game.
Very addicting....bt I like
Awesome
Works perfectly I love zen mode
Works perfectly I love zen mode
can you please fix the freezing issue on the galaxy s2??
You can slice
Mt phone frezzes with miat games except this.one i Kobe this game it is really popular les recomiendo k lo bajen esta super
Mt phone frezzes with miat games except this.one i Kobe this game it is really popular les recomiendo k lo bajen esta super
cool game plz download it
cool game plz download it
Fun !!!!!!!!!!!
Gdd...............
I have fun playing this game and so does my 2 year old..... very hard to find a game I actually enjoy playing with her
Its just so amazing!
Like it needs a few fixs but otherwise great...
I rlly encourage an ad free game. The best but needs some imprvment on the force close bug.
Awesome
I love this game because i used to play it but then i got a new phone with a new sd card and there is loads of room on it but when i try to download it it says error not enough memory so i got a bigger card and still the same issue!! So anoyed!!!!
this game rules I can play all day
this game rules I can play all day
I love Fruit Ninja soooo much! Its sooo addicting!!!
I love arcade mode it makes time go by.
Really addictive. Great sfx and graphics. It's so satisfying pulling off crazy combos!
Awesome!!! This game it toadally five stars i love it when my openfient rofile goes viral because of this
Awesome!!! This game it toadally five stars i love it when my openfient rofile goes viral because of this
GREAT!
I love the game
I'm in love with Fruit Ninja! This game is epic... :D
Bm
Nothing bad with this app! The adds are short... :)
Nothing bad with this app! The adds are short... :)
This game is the best! I love it
yeah
Good
The best game ever
Love this game
Love this game
Love this game
So cool
I LOVE IT !!!!!!
Great game!!!!
This game is awesome it's very addicting as well but still 2 games dot dot dot dot
some this is awwwwwwsome
Bloody addictive game. Love it. The bombs get in the way though ;-) definitely worth a download x
Lololol
A lot of fun!!! Just needs more unlockables...
It's greate
It's greate
It's greate
it works fantasticly
Awesome!
Wow
I really enjoy this game but does freeze sometime only when i get a combo can you fix it thanks
Everything works very good i play this app every day!! BEST APP EVER!!!!! XD
Suprb
Awesome
Awesome
gud
I really love this game, its awesome
Osom !! This game rox!!!!!!!
Osom !! This game rox!!!!!!!
Exc
Exc
Awesome
Ag
I like it 100%
It is very exciting game work excellent on galaxy ace
This game is so wicked!!!!! So coooooooooollllllll!!!!!!!!!!!! B-)B-)B-)B-)B-)
This is the best way2 slice fruit ITS A AMAZING
I dont really like this free version
Bb
Bb
Bb
I like this game :.(
I like this game :.(
Cool game love it
Awesome game
Fun!!!
Hola ! I Like Tribal ! :DD
This is awsome
This is awsome
This is awsome
Very good
Awesome game adiftev
Awesome game adiftev
Love this game
So lag==
Addictive and fun
This game is cool, ig'.
Hahaha
Hahaha
Awesome game i love!!!
(if thats how u spell it) Its prty gud. It runs smoothly and doesn't force close. :)
Awesome GAME!!!!!!
Awesome
this game is so fun i love it and would recomand to others i have a blast on this game and is still on my droid love it :)
I always play this in my phone its so awsome i love it.
A'h Is Very Fun And You Can Entertains Your Fun.!!
A'h Is Very Fun And You Can Entertains Your Fun.!!
A'h Is Very Fun And You Can Entertains Your Fun.!!
Awesome
Love it
That's all I have to say
I love this app. one of the best apps. I have Ever used. also one of the best games that I ever played
So addictive, I slice fruit in my sleep!!l i did have troubles with the game freezing on me during play which irritated the c**p out of me.. BUT since allowing updates automatically, it hasnt done it since.
So addictive, I slice fruit in my sleep!!l i did have troubles with the game freezing on me during play which irritated the c**p out of me.. BUT since allowing updates automatically, it hasnt done it since.
Its good.
I love it I play it almost every Day
Best game ever. Its so addicting every time I play it takes me like an hour for me to get off.
Good
Good
Coolz
I love this game
I just can't stop playing it and its making my mouth water cuz of the tasty fruits
This game is awesome.
Really good
Really good
Nice game
Willy bum bum bum
This game is the ish my dad showed me so I thank him
This game is the ish my dad showed me so I thank him
Hihihihi verry funny
You should make an annoying orange version too
amaizing
amaizing
vaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa:-D
You should make new blades and backrounds
One of the best game iv ever played on my phone!
One of the best game iv ever played on my phone!
The moment I played I instantly fell I love with it.;)
The moment I played I instantly fell I love with it.;)
Fun to play in my spare time! I love it
I love this game im addicted to it
I love this game im addicted to it
I love this game im addicted to it
I love this game im addicted to it
It is fun but quite boring
Mast
Good game
I love this game its so much fun i could spend all day playing
I love this game its so much fun i could spend all day playing
I love this game its so much fun i could spend all day playing
It was a good game
Jdxvjfsaaduihbfj
Super game
Im now downloading CANT WAIT it nearly wasted all my battery but it was worth it
Wowwwwwwwwwwwww
Love it
Great game. Good to pass time and doesn't get boring has a bit of a lag though but other than that it's the best game I have.
Everyone had this app and im like gosh why does everyone have this app so  I got the app and fell in love with it
Readyy
Off
6 M
IF YOU WANT SOMETHING NEW AND INTERESTING THIS GAME IS THE BEST CHOICE FOR YOU......KEEP PLAYING ....WOW AMAZING GAME
IF YOU WANT SOMETHING NEW AND INTERESTING THIS GAME IS THE BEST CHOICE FOR YOU......KEEP PLAYING ....WOW AMAZING GAME
Awsome
This is a great game for all ages.  My whole family plays it from my dad to my little sister.
Is a very beutiful game , with a lot of juice
Fun
I like this game on other people's phones but it doesn't work on mine [huawei ascend 1 (m860)]
I like this game on other people's phones but it doesn't work on mine [huawei ascend 1 (m860)]
Great
This is awsome
Ive had this game ever since i first got this phone. Trust me. It NEVER gets boring. The touch part is extremely accurate and the fruit graphics are great! How can this game be free?
Fun game
Love it:))
Best
superb game except for the ads
nyc gme...... helps to pass tym
K idk wat all of u are saying this is such a great game definate fav no freezes nor glitches i have samsung galaxy ace
(:
Armaan likes this amazing game in my galaxy s 2.......
Its nice
I love this game! I have it on my iPod touch and my iPad, I just HAD to get it on my phone! Totally works great! So happy with the results! c:
It is fun  but hard to get blades
It is fun  but hard to get blades
It is fun  but hard to get blades
It kinda gets boring after awhile.
Super game
I love this game it kills time and it doesn't force close on me.
It's a game that you never get bored of! 5 stars!!
I love this game is great
Juciy
It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this app
Good game.
Good game.
Love it u have to download and try it it is soooo addictive and fun to play on it keeps my sis & bro happy and me too so download it and love it
Its kinfa cool
The best
The best
Loveee ittt
I love this game so much.
I loooove this game it so much fun
LOL luv it mabye
Laughtrip!!!
Awesome game
I love this game
I love this game
I love this game
Luv this game! My daughter luv this too!
i lyk this game
took 3 hours to install i downloaded fruit slice in 2 minutes
Awesome! Such a fun game!
I love this game soooooo much
On a Samsung Galaxy S3, this game starts to look very blocky and low resolution. The game itself is great and I would definitely pay 70p for an HD version.
Its very fun for kids and any body a very good game the only game I relly like
Its very fun for kids and any body a very good game the only game I relly like
Great game, my score is 900+. (;
Nice game
I sort of got addicted to it. Its a really great game! Loved it!
U sjould get this game it is amazing
There's nothing to really say!! It's the best mobile game.
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
I love this game
I luv the game
Fun game
This is a fun game i wanna play it everyday
This is a fun game i wanna play it everyday
Rajul
Amazing. Addictive
Amazing. Addictive
Cooooool
Love it!
Good game!!!
This game is very fun and it clears your mind and its very addictive lol
angel
angel
Hi
Berry good game!!?
Mt           I    Mrfhgggn               Zjki  O          L
Superb game
This game keeps me occupied for hours. Could have more modes though
This app is great I never get bored !
It is the best game ever.
Like it
Like it
Best game ever
Loved It
Very nice game!!!!
Great game, good graphics, responsive :-)
Great game, good graphics, responsive :-)
Great game, good graphics, responsive :-)
Nice
Toll
Ad
It is awesome
I love this game so much i am adicted
My daughter and I play this all the time!
BEST.GAME . SUPPER ADDICTING .
Fantastic game
Very good.
I really love this game
I never had like that game
I never had like that game
This app was really fun and I was playing it for hours! My only complaint is the amount of adverts. Still great fun, DOWNLOAD NOW!!
Excellant
Excellant
Ok
I love it
Great
I would give the 5 stars if you could let us upgrade this version to "Lite" version . Beside that everything is good . Awesome game .
Best game ever
nice
A little of lag
Such a nice game it is ......
hddhcuhfh
Awesome !!!
Its so cool.~!!
This is the first mobile game I have ever wanted to play !! Css is my addiction, but this game stopped me from that! Awesome! !!!!
help me get a highscore
Where is the updates?
So fun
Funniest game to do when your bored!!:)
Funniest game to do when your bored!!:)
Good
Good
Good
Funn game
My comment is that when ever i play this game it freezes so please fix so can not freeze my fruit ninja booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Ccioooooioooool
I love it...
nice app very good to play
It's fun
Its the best game I ever played
Its the best game I ever played
This game is the best I love this awesome game ( I just hate the bombs ) xD LOL !!!!!
This game is the best I love this awesome game ( I just hate the bombs ) xD LOL !!!!!
Very addicting but randomly pause and force closes but it at least pauses the game first so you dont lose you current game
Super addicting....
So cool
Ninja
Ninja
Its an app that people of all ages can play to be the ultmite ninja but good luck getting pass my score
This is a best fruit game
The best game
El mejor juego
Love to play it.
Love to play it.
i really enjoyed this game as u can win swords and backgrounds which makes it much more interesting and fun
Thanks
Good game
It made my phone go boom boom
Good game..to many advertisements. And if u pay for it u will get the same thing. Instead the advertisements are called rewards!. I would give it more stars when they fix it.still fun to pay though
The graphics are super smooth, even with all the settings on. The fruits are a bit smaller than the ones on IOS devices (iPhone, iPod touch), but other than that, I have no complaints.
The graphics are super smooth, even with all the settings on. The fruits are a bit smaller than the ones on IOS devices (iPhone, iPod touch), but other than that, I have no complaints.
The graphics are super smooth, even with all the settings on. The fruits are a bit smaller than the ones on IOS devices (iPhone, iPod touch), but other than that, I have no complaints.
Awesome
I love it
I love this game so much it is fun
I love this game so much it is fun
Love it
Amazing very good my friends loved it And that is my say on it.
I love. It
I love. It
I love. It
S
Lol
Fruit ninja is the bomb
Better than drugs:) So addictive. Smooth gameplay.
Better than drugs:) So addictive. Smooth gameplay.
Wow it's fun  From ashanae seymore
It is very thrilling game
Nice addictive game..... It's too good for gamers
i think fruit ninga is awsome and i love the starfruit but i dont think you should pay real money for starfruit
Nice game to play!
Goog game 3D game
I love it
Its so fun and addicting
O love this game I played it for the first time at kart kountry n every since then i've been nuts over it
Berry good game
I njoy this game
I njoy this game
I njoy this game
Great game full of fun
Its   a  ffffffffffuuuuuuuunnnnnnn     game   bbbbbbbaaaaaaabbbbbyyyyy
What's not to love....it is great! The game,e sounds easy but is actually very challenging. I don't see a difference between this and the one you pay for.
What's not to love....it is great! The game,e sounds easy but is actually very challenging. I don't see a difference between this and the one you pay for.
What's not to love....it is great! The game,e sounds easy but is actually very challenging. I don't see a difference between this and the one you pay for.
Hdgdhdgd
De best game in de google play game store..
Great
Says loadin and crashes...its happenin for days already!
i am waiting for new edition of banana mode
All time favorite
Amazing and fun great idea
Very efficient
I love the game
wata kwl game
Comment
Excellent game
This Game is awesome! I really hate the bombs!! Hope for new and more updates. Thanks to Halfbrick.
I its nice game
Super
good game
It is a good game in Google play. I feel like being a ninga
Amazing game with hardly any lag whatsoever
Amazing game with hardly any lag whatsoever
Awwsssm :-*
Awwsssm :-*
I <3 this game
Wow!what a game
Wow!what a game
Wow!what a game
Cool g
Not bad
Just fantastic and addictive
Love it! Great time killer! :D
Love it! Great time killer! :D
This was a very good  game but at some times I was like that's it ...you no I hoped it would be a little bit more
It's awesome
It's awesome
It's awesome
This app is fun & addictive. I love it!
it no longer works on my phone, i dont kno why but it just wont load anymore, im.really quite dissopointed beacuse this is my favourate app x however il still rate it 5 because it was good....x
it no longer works on my phone, i dont kno why but it just wont load anymore, im.really quite dissopointed beacuse this is my favourate app x however il still rate it 5 because it was good....x
Yeah Hoi Babi Bodo Setan
Cool
Cool
Nice game
Nice game
It is cool I love this game
Awesome poo ppOOOOOOPP
Yayyy
Fuq me
Quick review
Excellent
Nice
Nice
Lol
Great game real fun
Love this game
This is a really nice game :) I love itt
Its really beautiful game, i play it all day..  apsolutely love it.. :D
Good its like a video game
Good its like a video game
cool
Awesome
Awesome
I like it but there are glitches
This is a fun game but to dam slow
หนุกเกิ๊นคร่า
Its fun and enjoyable
:)
Good
Awsome but to be paid is nt good plz give us this as atleast limited edition
Awsome but to be paid is nt good plz give us this as atleast limited edition
H I  I M  L A U R E N
Good
Good
So fun! I play all day! Good effects and doesn't mess up. Better than temple run.
Good game
Nice Game
I likey gamey
Best game
Its AWESOME!!!
This game is soooo addictive
Slice,slice,slice!    fun:)
Good       Nice
This game is fun it kills time
It's like the fruitionp game I've Ever been addicted to.I love it!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU MYANNA KING
I love it
Very useful works fast great app
Very useful works fast great app
AWSOME!!
We play everyday but she wants to play more than me......lol Tha game is very addictive but besides that i can play all day wit out stopping....lbs
Mast
Luv it.
This game is awosommmmm for android
Love this game... its sooo HOT!!!! ;)
It's so fun when you start you can't stop!
Play it all the time I love it and so does  my 3 year old
I have the game on all of my electronic.
The Game is Nice But crap It's Not Downloading....Please Fix The Problem.
Awsome cool
Must play!!
A definite fun and addicting game... Not sure how some people scored millions of points tho... I hate hackers and cheaters
Goo
Best game ever!!!!!
Very goof
It is the
Love this game!!
Awesome
Awesome
Exelent game
It was really good.
It was really good.
It was really good.
Only problem is it freezes up every time I'm doing good that's the only thing I hate about the game
AWESOME ADDICTION!!!!!!
AWESOME ADDICTION!!!!!!
Thank u
Piece of sh.t
F
Not good, takes for ever!!!!!!!!
Great :D :D
Game
Awsom game
Is cool
This a very intertaining game all of u gitana How are looking for an awesome game be shure to pick fruit ninga
thanks to halfbrick studios Fruit ninja is an addictive game. sound and graphics are great .it's a simple game but very wonderful and addiv.my all friends are like this game .it's a very good game like angrybirds and cut the rope
Its so addicting and u never get fedup of
Cooll
I lags on my samsung galaxy y please make an update for galaxy y so that i can give 5 star rating
Fffgff   Rgghg
Fffgff   Rgghg
.... Speechless
awesome
Amazing
What a good game
Exciting game
Addictive tame but the gme should be funfull and more impro!
Excellent . . . . . . . !
i love this games
This game saved me a lot of money from buying a sledgehammer and tons of watermelons.
Super cuts of fruits
Cool
The unlockables are far too easy. I completely beat this in less than 24 hours with the exception of the sword you get for playing a full game of Zen mode five days in a row..
Nice
Good game except it freezes all the time.  HTC One.
Great game but after a couple of months it will screw up or wont load.
Good job
This game is so awesome
Fgstd scruff beachside gt g th estate
Best i have ever played
This is an awesome game
Addicting
Play it all the time
Nice game i which my samsung tablet 2 could get temple run
Get it :-) .
Best game ever!
Boring
Purai choda markaaaaa......
I LOVE THIS GAME
Awesome game
Awesome game
Very addictive
Fun de fun de fun
Wsgghhhn qwertyuiooasdfghjklzxxccbbm
Wsgghhhn qwertyuiooasdfghjklzxxccbbm
This game is addictive!
never had a problem with the black screen. Motorola electrify
Best app ever
I love this app, it is addicting and epic, I unlocked everything and I still cant stop playing! Can you make jetpack joyride for androin, its an awsome game :D
Like it live it noting else
Fun game with slicing fruit!!!!!
A7a
I liked it
I liked it
To cool
i love this game very much
Awesome woo!
Love it
I like it
Its way better than fruit slice
Its so good I love it
Fun game
This game rocks the world
I luv it
Its a very very very nice game
Awesome
Kool i luv it
It's fun
Good game
I think its really fun but it needs to work better for android pbones like mine
waste time
I love it cuase i also hate fruits, ha! It is also super cool cuase i love their taste of.how to win the blades and backrounds
An excellent game.and its its just something best i have played.love it man
Good one
Nice game
loving it
loving it
;D
I play the game its addictive and amazing fun good game for kids and adults
I play the game its addictive and amazing fun good game for kids and adults
Awesome!
Awesome
I love this game
Love this game. I play on Samsung galaxy blaze, and get the black screen. Would love to see a fix <3
Ninjas  rule
I love that game!!!!!!
I love this game its heka fun
awsum game luv it
Very nice
I think its a great game to keep you entertained... I love it<3 very fun!
I think its a great game to keep you entertained... I love it<3 very fun!
I think its a great game to keep you entertained... I love it<3 very fun!
I think its a great game to keep you entertained... I love it<3 very fun!
i really love this app best time pass ever. :D
Zasibis
I have zte and its great
amazing
amazing
Like pie
This was a fun game
Nice
awesome
I luv this game iz so fun & you can play it all the time luv it
I luv this game iz so fun & you can play it all the time luv it
Fun game.hehehe
Fuufiftgtugfyutrryyuffhftufdygfygfyuftudrweghfrguirygfvhr
Awesome L
After a while it wont let you load
...but 4 stars because it force closes and the black sceen thing.
It is a good game.
Thes s great
Thes s great
Wow this game is sooo addictive that my sister grounded for sneeking it under her pillow at night a.d she didn't stop playing it so she got late for school and now she isn't aloud to use her done for a month lols
J
okayh
I like it
Gr8
Awosome game frnds<3<3
Like it
You can play on it for ages and you wont get bored
You can play on it for ages and you wont get bored
Love it
It's good to play.
Pls fix the option of directly downloading to sd card.becoz basically adroid phone was with less internal space.so I can't download it first time.and I uninstalled some apps and downloded.fix this pls.expect this,the better and playable....
Love this game!! Makes me a bit hungry :-P
thisis my fave game me and my bro are addicted
Superb
Very entertaining ...
Can't stop playing it. Too addictive!
Itz okay but fun :)
Itz okay but fun :)
Itz okay but fun :)
Very good
The only thing has it lack so far was the other features in iphone but in the other hand awesome
Great
Very cool and fun!
Nice n fun
Great game! Love it.
This game is very good!!!!!
Great game..
First it on my phone than i unistall it because i dont play it....then i play on my friend ipad n feelling want play all time.now i install it back
I love ittttt
I tried it before on my old phone so im downloading it on my new one
Fun
Great game lots of fun :-)
Love love LOVE this game sooo much five stars DEFINATELY
Best app on Android market
This is a very great game but this is buns
Crashes alot a little slow
Very fun
A classic and one of the best on the market. Only bug is that open feint never loads.
Awesome game
So Addictive!
Awesome game
i have a  Samsung n it freeze n i get black screen so is not only on Motorola
Favorite enough said!!!:)
Rhjdndnrdmjkndxmnrxmjnrfn@dxrnhxnhjmnxsdnrhxfnxmrfjkn@rxdmjknrdhdxmnjkfdxjmknfdj
Really cool
Awesome
bugs
Its awesome
Not to bad
This game is awesome
Lol  i  love  this  app  and  its  free
Lol  i  love  this  app  and  its  free
It's a  good time waster.  The stars speak for me.
It's a  good time waster.  The stars speak for me.
Love it
SgjsghhS   .........
SgjsghhS   .........
I luv this game man yaeh un huh
Fuhk yu ppl who think diz qame suxz yall r bitchz sayz diz qame needz fixnq well fuhk yo momz i luv diz qame download it itz really fun!!
Its so fun totally worth the download
Its so fun totally worth the download
Its so fun totally worth the download
Good game
Nice game
Excellent
Excellent
You would like  it because could slace fruit
nice
It's amazing
Rubsh game no point wtf
Peter your an idiot it fine on my droid x
Cause of
Cause of
Great game........... Must download
Awsome
Love it
I love this game! The graphics is great as well!
I love this game! The graphics is great as well!
Ya
takes away the boring part of your life <3
Grit slash is cool
Awesome game
Awesome game
This game is awesome
This game is the the best
Love it
Love it
Nc
Nc
Nc
Amazing blades in d game
This game is fun for the whole family
Great game!
Great game!
it nice
it nice
Excellent app, many fun,
Awsomeeeeeeerrr
Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So awsome
So awsome
Its an amazing game keeps me bissy when im bourd at home or on my way on a family version
Its an amazing game keeps me bissy when im bourd at home or on my way on a family version
V
Awsome addictive skilllllllllllll bro ;)
Harsh
Best game ever!!must download..
Megusta
Awosome game good crazy kart racing will want to be free
Galaxy y     this is the super game
I 9pi%9y+&65
Its EPIC
The best game ever
Liked it very well
This is a very action game
Fun game
Love this game its so fun
I  love this game very much!!!!!  Samsung galaxy pocket.
Gr8 game! Could add more as i beat the game within a week. Samsung galaxy y.
Anyone can become chef here..
cookie
Awesome
The best game EVER!!!
Exelent
Its the bestgame ive ever played
Love this Game! Ima Ninja
Best game in the world my brother plays it and he helps me cheat on the game so it is super super super super super super super super easy that is it.
Love it.tooooooooo much
Its a really fun game for everybody!! I actually heard about it through friend who loved this game.
This game is awesome
This game is awesome
Ths game rocks!!!!!!!!! Thank's for ths game
I love this game really bad
Its a cool game
Awesome game
Would b 4 stars but it keeps giving me misses for no reason
Just fun and fun
This game is a wonderful, addictive time killer that always keeps you on your toes. I love the realistic fruit-slashing sounds :) i think anyone would love this on their phone. I highly recommend for tablets as well.
Luv it
awesome game...
I love fruit ninja the best part is that its free fruit ninja is great awesome and super fun
. . .because I can't stop playing!! Literally uninstalling because I've done nothing else afternoon. This is awesome!
I really enjoy that game its fun it makes u keep going even when it time to get off.
Cool game really addictive!
Make more
This game is do fun
Incredible
Incredible
Incredible
Nice,coolllll
Nice,coolllll
One of the most things I loved!
I love this game! its like cool ya!
This gamee is do awrsomeeeeee :)
Hi
It is such a fun game!!!!! I love it!
It is such a fun game!!!!! I love it!
This game is my addiction
Wat a game
After making sure I had sufficient memory I installed this game. Unfortunately, after install, each time I tried to open it would instantly force close. I restarted my phone many times and still, it would force close. I would love to play this game, but simply can't...
After making sure I had sufficient memory I installed this game. Unfortunately, after install, each time I tried to open it would instantly force close. I restarted my phone many times and still, it would force close. I would love to play this game, but simply can't...
This is the best fruit slicing game on the android
This is the best fruit slicing game on the android
This game is addictive!!!! 5 stars xxx well done :)
I LOVE IT
This game is super fun!
This game is super fun!
Very addicting
It's awesome
I love this game. I even have it for xbox kinnect. :)
I have an Asus transformer and my screen freezes only when I use the keyboard
The best game of all!!!! :-p
plzz plzz patch we want full version with all tje zen deatured like the cutting ffrenzy wevare missing + it also comes at the end if arcade plz its really important
Love it
Thia game is awsome
This games is amazing,if you don't give this five stars your crazy.
This game is awsome i love it!
I love this game I can play it for hours!!!! :)
Fun
Love it
Good but jam packed with adverts.
Need more blades and backgrounds. Apart from this it is an excellent game get it
It was one of the nice game that i have ever played....
Good
Good game....my son loves it
Good
Great for adults and kids. Whole family loves it
I have almost unlocked everything in the dojo
I have almost unlocked everything in the dojo
I have almost unlocked everything in the dojo
App
App
Very good game
It freezes a lot but still cool
Awsome
Good game but cuts fruits very slowly
Love it...
Addictive!
Fun game get it <3
Downloaded this app at the suggestion of my sister and am very happy with it. I initially had trouble but once you get the hang of it, easily one of the most addictive free app games!
I had thiz app once but it has been deleted.. ive been looking 4 dz and now its here...RECOMMENDED APP...5 ztarz..
I love this game its really fun and amazing
V Gud game
Mast!!
Sexy game
Sexy game
Sexy game
Sexy game
It's just awesome
It's just awesome
Soperb game
Fmccmc, c n,xbcvb  gggv bx,,x     dnjhjdjdxfcjccnjcncnv.cc.
Swiping barely works.
Swiping barely works.
Great for boardness
Get it now!
I luv diz game. It's really fun gives me sumthin 2 do wen I don't have my ipod to play temple run.
I love its awsome.
Fruit Ninja has to be the funnest game ever!! I love it ♥♥
Best game ever you should download it. Happy face (: I love it cause when I'm bord I can just start slicing fruits for-real no lie....HELL YA DO SO..
Fun as hell if it dosent work on your phone stop being cheep and get a good phone
Love is game ;))
good
I love this game! Its totally cool. So take it from this girl who texts and searches for games when not in school! MWAH! :-*
The only problem is that lately my screen blacks out. And that my game doesn't have some of the fruit that Iphones have my andriod dosent have but other then that its a fun game
Awesome game
So fun and addicting two thumbs up
I havent even tried it!
This is a beasty game
This game is totally awesome thumbs up for 4 out of 5
Loveit
Awesome
Hyfr!
Hyfr!
Hyfr!
Korewa the most cool game you all must try it
One of the best games you can get on Android
Nice game but its has poor frame rate sepically in slice effect my devicd is :Sony Xperia U
Crashes all the time and oh freezes my screan goes blank. But its a great game love it
Nive game
It is a aweomes slicing.g game get the game
I know this game is great from an older phone, but it crashes every time I get a combo on my Galaxy Nexus
I know this game is great from an older phone, but it crashes every time I get a combo on my Galaxy Nexus
Amazing game
I think it is great
This really good gsme is really worth getting its amazing :))))) :) :) :) :) :) Im
This really good gsme is really worth getting its amazing :))))) :) :) :) :) :) Im
Well i do enjoy this game but it takes ages to download
Cool
Cool
Love it
Excellent game but should stop giving ads...SAMSUNG GALAXY PRO
Why cant we purchise blades on android like u can on iphhone
Wow
Awesome
Super great thanks...
This game is awsome
an awesome game
I love this game. But they should add more blades and backgrounds.
Fruity
Good
MY highscore was over 6billion...... i am now officially  ....and anounced by the creators the best player in the world ....
MY highscore was over 6billion...... i am now officially  ....and anounced by the creators the best player in the world ....
I can't stop playing this game
Its Awesum -Francis
Awesome
Awesome
Very fun game
nycc addictive game .....jst can't stop playin it..
Like to play
I love it!
Nice app not bad
Nice app not bad
The best
ever...................... ©
Yahhhhhh<3
I like
I like
Not sure why, but after working like a charm for weeks, this game doesn't even load anymore. One star until something gets fixed.
Not sure why, but after working like a charm for weeks, this game doesn't even load anymore. One star until something gets fixed.
A very good game!!!!!
Nice app but can u make a fruit ninja 2
It was a poopchicken not I liked it hahaha
It was a poopchicken not I liked it hahaha
It saved my life well not really my phone crashed but this game was the only game tuat stayed on my phone yippeeee!Dont give it 1 star not 2 not even 3 or 4 give it a 5 its worth it :p
It saved my life well not really my phone crashed but this game was the only game tuat stayed on my phone yippeeee!Dont give it 1 star not 2 not even 3 or 4 give it a 5 its worth it :p
The game is very addicting as well as very crisp in animation , :)
Nice game..!!
I had fun playing it
Love this game! even more's as it is free.
I like it
Asea
No problems no nothing and runs smoothly. Great game
Nice
I actually love this
Awesome
SO FUN AND ADDICTIVE BEWHERE OF THE AWESOMENESS
I thought it was gonna be boring but tgen my brother showed me then I started to like it :)
This game is simple,fun and addictive.
I just love it . Very good game !!!!!
I love this game.
Ok
What A Cool App. I love it!! it's like the game in facebook. it has a frenzy too :)
I <3 this game!
nice aap... i like it so much..
nice aap... i like it so much..
fanta.,
Eny buddy who has this game what level did u get.on
Eny buddy who has this game what level did u get.on
Cool..must dwnld
Love this game!!! I do have one issue though... Sometimes it won't let me play the game and it freeZES UP... Other than that its a great app... My sister and I compete on who can get the highest score....
Outstanding
This is the cool game ever
It's a awesome game so download now
I love this game it amazing
Great game keep up the good work.
Nice game
Just downloaded this great game
I got it for my baby cuzin soo i gave it a try it was addicting!!! Install know!!!
Fun game!
Good game!
Very fun game
Soooooooo fun !!!!!!!!!!!! :D
Love it i had it before but (i think!!! But dont judge me) i have anger management problems and get real mad about the bombs..... lol:) totally download unless you have or think you have anger management problems  lol:) and when i first plaued it froze.needs fixing!/:
I love this game
I love the game, I just wish the ads would be less intrusive and everytime I swiped a 5 fruit slice it didn't freeze, cut off and go back to my home screen. I have the free version on my exhibit touchscreen, but not sure about buying the other version based off these issues. My sister's Iphone version is way better. :-\
lovin it
My wife and I enjoy trying to beat eachothers scores.
Que vieni
Que vieni
so sweet
because this is a beautiful game
This game is the bomb u have to get this game now!!
Really fun
Really fun
Very addicting game
Love it.
I love this game
I love this game
Good lol
Fruit ninga is so awesome 5 star rating
THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mineee like randomly doesn't work "forced shut down",
I haven't seen sth. this fun and for free! People this is the blockbuster of the year, and you'll regret it big-time, if u don't get it. Period.
It was so cool tht two monkeys kissed over two piles of dinasour crap
Minttt5
Fanstic game                 U.
This game is really cool i like its fun
Cool.awesome.etc. Just great!!!:D best game i've ever downloaded.
Love this game addictive
Ta bien
Play fruit ninga and slice EVERY FRUIT!!!!!!!!
Cooooooooooookoooooool
Excellent excellent game
Awesome game love it
Its really a gr8 game.... But only d prblem iz it gets stop wrkin after all d blades r unlockd.....
I,live,this,game
Amazin'!
I had like this game it is a entertiment
Good game
Good game
Good game
Great vidio
Ayyyyyeee
This game is good so I gave it 5 stars......
Oooooohhhhhhh
epic
Or Lg Optimus
Its addicting must get
Cool
Best game ever
It  sucks
so much fun..
this game is so fun omg!!!!!!!!!!
Its a game
This game is awesome
This game is awesome
Luv itt
Luv itt
Excellent
Excellent
Intoxicating and marvelous game. Can play for hours till u r phone shows low battery :-D
The best
I LUV DIS GAME
Super fun and addicting
love it
so cool
Ilike this game
Nice game.Too bad  for apps. :)
Superb
Thanks
Like..like.
Excellent
:))
I like the concept of the game its features al the blsde samples background and the fact displayed after every match. It worth 5stars!!!
I like the concept of the game its features al the blsde samples background and the fact displayed after every match. It worth 5stars!!!
Awsum apppppp....
It is very good game but when i starts this game my phone's battary gets low in only few minute.
Really nice game but the fruits in classic mode is really less than the bomb..i mean there are many bombs than the fruits..and pls give us new update with new fruits,background and blades just like the iPhone... anyway,its a great game :)
good
Gdjcydhfjhf
Me likey slicecy
Really a very good game!!!! Good time pass!!!
Really a very good game!!!! Good time pass!!!
Really a very good game!!!! Good time pass!!!
Really a very good game!!!! Good time pass!!!
Really a very good game!!!! Good time pass!!!
its so great
I ish addicted :)
you should try it
Dude freaking awesome
Top
Top
Good
Good
Giving a chance to update this game
Couldnt find a better game to cut up fruit
Very fun game !! :D
Good game
Chardae I  love this game soooooooooooooooooooo Muuuuuuuuucccccchhhhh ;)))
Lowkey dis dat game
Very fun to play
Ya
Loads slow
This game is really addicting!!!
I love playing this game its so adicting
Loved this game
Good, but slow
Good, but slow
Is a cool game
Constantly goes to a black screen in middle of gameplay.
I love this game but it said that I can't play because it keeps making me foreclose. What do I do?
The ninja is awesome
Very gud...
I have it for kinect too and it's great :))
I have it for kinect too and it's great :))
One of the best games ever
Superb
Awesome and fruity
Awesome and fruity
Awesome and fruity
Aa
Aa
Got all blades unlocked thanks fruit ninja
This game is awsome
Very nice game!i love it although the blade shadow is impossible to unlock! ^_^
I realy love fruit ninja
The best game in the world
Good ish
I like it
I Love This Game SOO Much . Whenn Imm Bored I Know Exactly what I Can Go And Play : )
Love this game...
This is a awesome game and has good graphics on HTC
Dkdkdkdkdk hahahahahamonkey
It the alsomest game ever
Gfffhy
Best game app used till date.... :)
Its live
One of the best & fun game ever played....... Its freaking awesome.... U dsrv 5 stars ..... Again its awesome.....
Ujier hsj hdj
I would reccomend this to anyone!
Enjoy the game
Very fun and entertaining and good for wasting time
Very nice
The game was awesome but some parts were hard but its not that bad I played it before but it was not the same it was better rate 5 stars
Its very adictive amazing game download now! Lol
Very gud game
Very gud game
I liked this app the new blades are awsome i wil give it 5 star
The ultimate fruit cutting game which is full to dhamaal,timepass,amazing
I love it very addicting have no problems
This game really rock's and is quiet addicting too... it didn't hang even for once on my s3...:) (Y)
This game is so addicting I luv it
Love
H
GREAT !
After every game there is a black screen that appears and most of the time it freezes after that. I had this app and it worked fine. Then I re downloaded it and that's when this problem started. Going to re download it again. Fingers crossed.   P. S. I have a Samsung S3 so it's not the phone!
After every game there is a black screen that appears and most of the time it freezes after that. I had this app and it worked fine. Then I re downloaded it and that's when this problem started. Going to re download it again. Fingers crossed.   P. S. I have a Samsung S3 so it's not the phone!
This game is so fun
Great game to kill time and also very addicting!
Awesome
Best  game  ever
It is funny and nice game Like it ;-)
It is awesome u get to chop fruit up.
Fuh
Lags a little but highly impressed.
Lags a little but highly impressed.
This game is Awesome
Good
I love this game and so do my kids, it works great on my HTC vivid no problems whatsoever.
I love this game and so do my kids, it works great on my HTC vivid no problems whatsoever.
Great development!
Nice game
i liked its cool to play wen we r bored
I wish there were a way u could get the backrounds and knifes easier.  I had it for a long time but still luv it! :oD
The game is the best
Works perfect on "Samsung Gio"
One fun and cool game!!!!!!!
One fun and cool game!!!!!!!
Is voll kacke
Is voll kacke
Ok
I like this game
Needs more harder rewarsing achievements.
Theis game is so fun to play
Great for all ages! I first downloaded it for my kids but I tried it out and it's Very addictive. Works great on my LG.
Bara
Coolest game ihad ever played
High five
I like the game but it keeps shutting off while I'm playing....... Please fix.
Best game ever
All Best!
nice game
it's really  fun to play  this game. im so addicted to it :)
I like this!!!!
It's an awesome qame aha  qotta play !!(;
I like this game
I like this game
Great game
very good game.
very good game.
Passes the time
I love this game super!!! :) Hehe moreeeee....
GREAT GAME !!!!!
Very good game.
This game is so fun
Sweet
To fun
I love this game. It gives me something to do and challenges me to beat my best score
Very cool
Awesome game
This game is great but it always stops and dissent respond :'(
This game is really fun and nice. U can earn things on here like really cool blades and slice crazy and cool bananas..... u will know what I am talking about, just try it. :-)  thanx
Its so GREAT! I love it much!
Its pretty fun but its better on a ipod touch than android
This game is cool
Good
Nice game .. :) wish fruit ninja: puss in boots will also be free :)
It's a fun enough game, but it shuts down mid-game every 3rd or 4th game.
I have always liked this game and once i got it on my phone i was so happy
I have always liked this game and once i got it on my phone i was so happy
H
Doesnt work.. It says loading feint  for like 20 mins then i just give up..
Doesnt work.. It says loading feint  for like 20 mins then i just give up..
Noce game except some flaws
Love it
Love it
I love this game            Seconds sundae semi
I love this game            Seconds sundae semi
Awsome
Awsome
Awsome
Takes for ever
Ilikedisgame
Not only do u play a game they give u interesting fruit facts
Awesome
Awsome B-)
I dint luk upon it but aftet my gal saying I installed n really now a big fan of it
My sis had it and i liked it that much that i got it myself
Awsome im addicted!!!
It fun my son can play all day:)
ROCKZ!!!!!
Dear.fruit ninja I love this thanks for making it  Erfen
Very good game when bored
It fun not boring give u something to do y u bored and when u get to level 20 it hard but fun
Best game ever
Best game ever
Timepass
Everybody luvs fruit ninja who doesn't *coughs* Freaks!
This is the best games ever coz its jus addictive !
awesome..
Great game! Good job guys,wish u'll give us more updates!
Gud
I got it to play with my daughter I can't get request nor can I send them.
Fruit ninja is a brilliant game with a cool arcade mode
The game ain't too good it crashes oftenly and has serious issues so if any update is available please upload it as soon as possible...... Otherwise the game is good and pretty addictive but update is required immediatley.....
I love this game and but what I don't love is the bombs who puts bombs with fruit
Best
Luv it
Why i can't download it.
Awesome..
A fun exciting game for all ages
Party
must install game
I frekin love this game
Lolx
Lolx
the best game ever!:-D
Geart game.
Brilliant. Got the game on kinect for xbox.
Brilliant. Got the game on kinect for xbox.
I have this game now n it keeps frezzin up on me and sending me back home it sucks im sad it took me over half n hour to download this thing and it keeps freezing up on me =|
hdjcncbcgjdjdjt fifn fiehe fkdhdj ghdh fjfhf
You guys should add a little more to it
Loved it..
Really awsome
Really awsome
Really awsome
Really awsome
Cool game
Needs harder changelles
Like
Lol its really fun.
Heyy my name is ere
Coolest game ever
Good game to pass the time.
Coolest game ever
Good
Good
Now i can even use zen mode
On motorola fire xt it works good it is a hoof game keep it up
This game was so much fun
COOOL
I 3> this game
