Please consider adding this feature, or at least warn users that instant upload is useless as a backup, even if you pay for storage.
The updates to the mobile app interface have rendered it completely unusable for me. Why can't I read the entire contents of someone's post in the stream, instead of having to open up the item? Why the empty patterned backgrounds for posts that don't have images?  Horrible, horrible job.
This app. Is getting bigger so please move it to sd
How can I delete this? PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Last time I used Google+ there were problems with YouTube comments. I deleted Google+ and everything worked great again.
I took a pic yesterday morning and I've been getting notifications every since. Uninstalling
Google+ does not open in my samsung GT-S6102...now you say what should I rate for this!??..
Bad app for an even worse social media outlet. They have managed to make the UI worse with each update. Bravo Devs. I still want to know why this app needs access to my phone calls. Google, just as shady as ever.
I don't even start app, but it always freezes phone and says google plus crashes
Dear, Uncle Google+   Always crash when open this app, what happen with you uncle google+?  I'm runnin' ics! You must be not crash! You must have get surgery on update!     Sincerely, your cousins, Ivan
Gets installed enough that my system knows it's there and provides an uninstall option.  Though it will not open.  Samsung Galaxy S II Android 2.3.6.  Item Not Found error when trying to open.
After update these app can't be move to sd card grr...
I didn't want this app and I have no need for this app. Google needs to let people decide if they want their service instead of forcing apps upon them, taking up space on their phones.
Still can't connect to server. Just crashes everytime I click my account. Booo
Will not open
If I chose 30 pics to upload I want them all to upload, I do not want the app to give up after the first 5!!! It does this consistently and is incredibly annoying please fix it!
Don't want it ain't going to use it Can't uninstall
Very slow
I don't want this app on my device, never asked for it (Google saw fit to install it without my permission and it runs processes without my asking) and I can't uninstall it. Google, F you and your failed "social" BS.
This app raped my phone and wont leave. Now space is compromised. Such a lame ap
keeps giving notifications of the same instant uploaded content again and again and again.... noy expected this from google espacially on an android
Edit. This app is terrible since upgrade. Was a big user. Still on desktop, but mobile is a un-intuitive anti-multitasking nightmare.  The issues with video playback have still not been addressed. Going iPhone where this app isn't forced on me if its not a decent app. Fix it.
Cannot open app.
Is this needed for 4g?
Wtf google!? I didnt ask for this piece of crap for my lastest update! It tracks me and steals my info and its "part of the update"!? Take that off or im so going with apple next time
As soon I start it, it shuts down...
Messenger app seems to keep phone awake and refuses to sign out this is giving me awful battery life.
I don't care whether our not the app is any good. The fact that its forced on me is enough reason to hate it.
Switched from EVO to galaxy 3, now hangout is not an option. I only joined for the face chat
If I cant Uninstall something I don't use and its being forced upon me to have, then you only deserve 1 star.
Is this crap embedded in my android!!! Precious memory being wasted.
The required space is ridiculous!!
Never really used it, so decided to uninstall. Forget it, forced to stay on my phone now. WTF, Google? Quit it!
F
I don't use this and do not want this on my.phone please give the T-Mobile G2X The ability to uninstall please  Thank you,  A Google / T-Mobile fan     ......the only turn off to a good application is to be forced to have it!!!
Hang out dun work. It hangs there when connected..
Never works keep getting force close message
Super lame
Don't force something onto my device and then expect me to give it a good rating
Won't update on wifi! Still.
To slow
I'm not even on Google +. But its on my phone & always running! Completely useless & space wasting.
Unwanted but cannot uninstall.
Unwanted but cannot uninstall.
Google dares to believe it's omnipotent, eh? Hardly; they're knocking off the fact that they're kidding themselves.
This is terrible it is just used the same as twitter and Facebook I am uninstalling this because it is worthless and a complete waste of time
Very invasive social network
Why why why does the app default automatically upload pics from my device? WHY?
My pics are automatically  being uploaded to Google plus even when I tried to turn off instant upload. My phone and I decide. Not you.
Constantly disconnecting from server now at least 4x a day now and also the notification succs. If I dont go to the app it doesn't inform me PLEASE FIX
I downloaded the update and when I hit ok it says retry???? Won't do anything????
3rd update and my sgs2still has no vid and phone crashes when trying to use
Let me uninstall this useless bloatware
Halved the battery life of Desire HD,  Worse, it's now forced on to my Note even though I had it uninstalled!! F*ck off Google, it's MY phone.
842 megs in 20 days for an app I didn't even run. WTF!
Really great app upfront. They're continually improving it. Must have for all google plus users! Edit : The latest update is amazing! I wish other social networking apps take a page out of Google's book and come out with something different as well.
Really great app upfront. They're continually improving it. Must have for all google plus users! Edit : The latest update is amazing! I wish other social networking apps take a page out of Google's book and come out with something different as well.
I prefer to keep my gmail contacts clean and in arrangement, but google+ automatically adds google+ contacts into my gmail contact, without my permission!!! It sucks
Guess i have to leave shanghai.....
I hate it get it off -.-
I cannot find even a 'Start a Hangout' button on my Galaxy Tab, why?
Download files without notifications. Really? No thanks Google try again
What happened? I have no feed. And it keeps asking me for my location, which it can't seemed to find. Not so good update fellas.
Serves no purpose... Just occupies space
I can't uninstall this inane software that I never wanted in the first place.
I HATE the fact somehow this is an App in my phone I NEVER dwnld ans if I uninstall it, it will affect other Apps; but doesn't say which ones.
Doesn't work on my Samsung Galaxy Note :(
Every time you guys update something doesn't work! Now my GPS doesn't work with it. Can't access nearby stream and can't checkin. And why is there a settings button on top of another button!? I miss the ORIGINAL APP! THIS IS BULLSHIT!
Google plus is a joke
Takes up to much space and wastes too much battery.
asking me to update
useless app again from Google
Keep saying cannot connect to server after installing
dosnt shows video chat option on my motorola fire xt 530 even though its got a front cam n other app like qik video work on it. pls check n remov bug
It comes like a system app, I rate that.
Why. Oh the inhumanity! !!
Wish there was a way to delete this from my phone...
Garbage in our phones. Hooray!
Says unknown error installing. Kyocera Echo
Came pre installed after i updated to ics on my sgs2. I don't have google plus, so please make uninstall option available. Because it is wasting space on my phone and app drawer. so please make uninstall option available.
Cnt evn download.......its nt good..
Instant upload has been off for months in sync, yet G+ is uploading ALL my pictures. Including naked ones. What if I was a minor? SO embarrassing.
GooGLE+ SuCKS can't remove once installed - DeLeTe from GooGLe PLaY & puts on Update status immediately
Every time I disable this app, it reappears. I don't use it nor do I want to. Annoying!
No uninstall option for this app. Came pre-installed with phone. :(
Tried to load it twice and it kept stating the application was not locatable.
Поганая шпионская программа, личные фото сделанные с трубки, самостоятельно выставляет в инете. Ну вас к дьяволу.
Orkut is better than this.
Makes my phone crash. Please correct this asap or make this app optional. Google plus has the potential to become the best social network.
My phone was much slower after installing. I have an older phone. 7% CPU is too much. Wasn't doing anything that would require Google+. Have auto upload off.
The G+ app is okay. It works better than the Facebook app for sure. However, 40mb is a bit big...
Crashes. Every time i open it, it crashes. Its completely unusable...
I don't use this App. But, I can't remove it. It always bother me with its updates. PLEASE put an option to remove it.
I didn't download this app, nor do I want it...just a waste of space and resources. Too bad you can't get rid of it...I'm not impressed with google lately.
How can I delete this app??
Google plus is pointless. I hate that this takes up space on my phone.
This used to work perfectly before, ever since though it either Force Closes, Signs Out or Cannot pick up my data or wifi connection.  Please get it sorted.  I would have expected more from Google for an app like this.
Not interested in sharing that...
I have a g+ account as dose everyone with a gmail. I wasn't a fan so I don't want it on my phone.  However,  Google and its infinite wisdom won't allow me to delete the app. A app that I didn't download.
Google + just because you sign a deal with my type of phone and give it to me with my phone update. It's not going have more people to use it.
Time waste
this is de flop app dont download
Bad
App keeps force closing please fix HTC
Even after uninstalling the app I get update notifications. I don't use Google Plus, I never will use Google Plus. So let me uninstall Google Plus. Properly.
I can't delete it.
Disabled before even opening the first time. Just another social network, useless.
I personally Do Not Like it. I tried honestly did my best but It needs more than what currently is offered.
I love g+
The latest update caused the nearby to become useless. It endlessly searches for my location. I've uninstalled and reinstalled more times than I can count. I've changed my settings, nothing works. Fix this, and I'll give you back your five star rating.
i didn't install this
It cannot be down load
I stop getting video after updating, only audio works then it crashed  Still not working after June 30. update July 20 still failed. update Aug 15 still failed
Let me remove it!!!
Location no longer working with gps or wifi  Annoying grey bar at top of screen
Can't use the app. Says I have a profile problem and for me to go online. I do but can't find a solution. Problem applies to my samsung galaxy s3 and my toshiba thrive tablet. Help. Please fix.
One of the best social app
Ok
Title says it all. I just want email not alerts when people post crap.  I call that Spam. I just don't like it.
I hate this app.. its a stock app on my phone so I can't delete it and it keeps updating.. it just clutters your photo albums and instant upload is the awful; maybe I'd like to take a picture without it going on the internet? I'd give it a lower rating if I could. And I'd delete it if I could.
Suck with no meaning
After the update it can no longer read my location.
I want to uninstall. You wont let me. Hate this app. Sucks Penis...
It won't let me uninstall it it came with my phone and it's just taking up up space
It won't let me uninstall it it came with my phone and it's just taking up up space
It doesnt Load on my galaxy s2. I m very disappointed in google+ app. I prefer my f b app more now.
not working on toshiba thrive do something fix the problem
Can't uninstall
Since updating picasa no longer syncs to gallery
Can I uninstall this? I really don't want it
Tells me to "complete this action using..." but offers no options. Then wants to be updated every day.
Don't want....don't pre load on my phone
Cannot delete the application. It does stuff to your phone did I do not care for you and I cannot go back to regular google.
Once you've installed it, it will only let you either update it or open it. Why has uninstalling it been disabled? CREEPY.
Please add function to upload pictures to specific album. Until then only 1 star is enough.
Lack of options.....  For example notification came about automatic photo upload- which is unwanted. No option to stop upload my camera photoes except to stop syncronization.  Samsung Galaxy SL i9003 Android 2.3
some drawbacks such as no GIF supported.
To much memory usage, can't be moved on sd card.autorun with phone startup can't be stopped
I ditched FB for being such a nag.  Now I have to put up with freakin' Google +.  Lovely.
I dont like it.  It keeps updating
I totally hate the grey bar. Please get rid of it asap!
I dont ever use this app or google+ for that matter its a waste of space and your stuck with it
#SHOWMETRISTE won't do diddy says I need freakn nternet connection æœ I hava dang connection
Let me delete this trash
How do i delete my google + icon on android phone
No more feeds from Nearby since the last update unless I end up uninstalling this POS Google foisted us on us. FWiW I'm using a g2x gingerbread stock ROM
after the update. it just crashes and it does not start. its unable to connect to the server. it worked just well before. please fix this bug.
Bloatware
Very nice interface, smooth operations, numerous glitches during attempted hangouts, currently unable to attached photos to post without app crashing.
Keeps saying package was signed incorrectly uninstall and try again, so I do that and it still says incompatible update, I'm using a freaking galaxy nexus! WTF GOOGLE!?
I love Google plus its so awesome u should really download this app
If wanted to have FaceBook in G+, then i WOULD JUST USE FACEBOOK! Your "WANNABE" updates suks and screws the load time.
Hangout does not work and when tried to use hangout,it hangs the phone instead...i find it sluggish on my phone which is a 1.4ghz dual corr proccessor...i really doubt how it works on any phones with lower ram/.
Pictures don't display properly.   Everything is cut off untill you drill into post.  would rather see thumbnails of pictures. Latest update is horrible.   Cant see posts.  Keeps telling me can't find connection.  Fix please! EVO 4G
Li li8+okoooooooopoi oiooo9opooopoo poooooooooopooooooooooo9o0oo
Without my permission or knowledge. Can we say INVASION OF PRIVACY??????? Uninstall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ще стане още по-добре ако разбиете програмите си на още по-ситно. Ако може и всяка програма да има по 12 иконки, които да не могат да се разкарат. Благодаря, сигурен съм, че ще се вслушате в молбата ми.
Abnormal. Lol :D
Yet another P.O.S. from the master purveyors of crapware. Thanks Google!
I love G+ but I bought a new galaxy note 10.1 and overtime I log into G+ it says error and can't sign in this really sucks
Might be great if I needed it.  I don't so it's deadweight.  Allow us to remove!!!!!!!
If a synced calendar deletes an event from their calendar that I am not invited to, it does NOT get removed from my calendar display. Because their calendar is display only, I cannot delete it.  So, it is a ghost event that clouds up my calendar.  If I remove their calendar from my synced  calendars, then re-add it. The ghost event does not go away. Refreshing my calendar does not remove these ghost events.  Please fix this!
Sucks
Hangouts on Razr Maxx is unusable. I'm not alone in this issue; audio stutters and crackles. Please look into this issue!
After new update it says "item not found " every time I try to launch it. Uninstalled and reinstalled and I still have the same problem.
Google latitude now won't let me use it unless I'm signed in to google plus
The app did not install. Android 2.3.3 says "The package is invalid"
Forced upon us, don't want it or like it, too young for a lot of us, can't remove it of course!
HTC Evo View 4G. Latest update is buggy. Keep asking to change GPS setting. Please fix it asap.
Makes a valiant effort to open, refreshes for a few seconds then closes. Toshiba Thrive AT-100
This is the worst ever it comes as part of ics and its poo keeps telling me I have new uploaded photos every hour and I haven't even took any every hour new message photo upload uninstall right now hate it to death.. Samsung galaxy s2
Won't even let me download.
To delete an unwanted account from the list... one must apparently fume at the sparse interface until the battery dies.
Useless.
What a dumb apps and very annoyed with the fact tht you cant uninstall it. Forcing someone to install an app against their will isnt going to make them to use or like it. It just gonna to make them hate it even more
I just updated, and now my devices keep ringing, telling me that I've uploaded pics to my account. If I check the pics, or dismiss the notification, it reappears and notifies me again.  I can't get it to stop notifying me.  Too bad too, because, I really like g+ Please fix it
HTC Thunder. No go? Really? Wow. Didn't see that one coming.
I should be able delete this app...if Android is Open-Source why are they shoving this down my throat -_-
My phone, a Samsung Galaxy S 2, seemingly installed this as a required installation. I can't seem to delete the app. I've tried though! I downloaded Easy Installer and installed it but it won't go away. It's annoying.  Additionally, pictures are automatically uploaded. It doesn't ask if I want to upload it, it just decides to. I can't find the setting to make it stop. I'm tempted to delete my Google account and switching to Yahoo or something in hopes that Google+ will leave my phone alone.
Nearby no longer works. Just says cannot find location. I have settings turned on for it to work, bit it still doesn't work :(
The fact that when uploading a picture I need to wait for it in foreground and not in background upload (as FB app does) is annoying and unpractical. Please make the uploading a background task.
Is anyone else having problems not receiving hangout notifications?  I can only receive them when using messenger.
This is the third update after the 3.0 version.. still can't receive hangout?!!  WTF?   Sgs2
After this update, google plus interface does not load completely. Nearby can't find GPS. Had to uninstall update which takes me all the way back to original factory install. This is a Droid 3 .
Might as well get an iPhone if google is going to force this tripe onto my phone. Did Steve Jobs ghost join google?
If I could give it no stars I would... I just want google+ off my phone. Period. End of discussion!
Everything seems to be perfectly working, but when it is regarding to the widget, I only have a small suggestion which is the urgency and necessity to make and contain an external refresh button which would help to click on and refresh instead of going in and do it internally. However i am so thankful for producing it.
Force close on my zte dreamer???
Instant upload even after being switched off keeps notifying me about ever hour to upload more images..
I don't want this on my phone. It won't stop automatic updates, even though I've turned them off. I don't even have a Google+ account.
I don't have a google plus account nor do I want one. There should be an uninstall button. I already have enough bloatware from sprint don't need anymore. evo3d
I want to share pics from my phone, not stuff from my albums only! Not interested in instant upload either.
Poor
New black bar is a pain
After I install it says item can't be found
I don't want this app, but Google won't let me uninstall it completely from my phone. Frustrating!
Not changing my rating till they take off some requirements. For example "record audio", "control camera". Pretty much take images of whatever the camera is seeing without your consent. So for you shower texters they're taking pics.
Get rid the of the grey bar or at least make it optional. It clutters the ui and draws constant attention when reading stream.
Nearby cannot Get Location even with GPS.  Major Fail!
I really wish i was able to delete this app from my phone.i have never used it and I'm not interested in trying it out
Updated the g+ just to end up with loosing access to my account... Sucks!
Well it does log into my acount
The new grey bar with three "sharing" options keeps popping up when swiping down. No issues when swiping up though - the grey bar does not appear. The grey bar should only appear if selected from a menu option. It should not come up when swiping down.
Dont throw bunch of useless apps on users and not even give option to uninstall. All it does is hog space on my phone. Not everyone likes or even wants to try google+, GET OVER IT AND STOP SHOVING THIS USELESS APP as a necessity with the os software.
i hate the instant upload!!
Through the app I was sent text to subscribe for ten bucks to a service and if you don't respond they accept that authorization. Fix this or google your the thief.
Kept getting worse. Used to be able to save on sd, now no and all of the sudden it's 28.8+ mb tf?! Fix this. Uninstalling
Why can't i uninstall this piece of crap from my phone?
Always says retry and can't find post
I love google+. But this app just doesn't work. Still telling me that it 'requires a working connection'. Yeah I know that! All other apps work fine!
Thumbs down simply because i'm forced to have it. I don't want it. If I want it, I'll get it. Give me the choice. Let me decide-after all, it's MY PHONE!
If I had wanted an app that won't uninstall and spied on me I'd have bought Apple products. This is unacceptable on Android, Google.
I have no plans for Google +. And i do not want it. I have uninstall it and still comes up in my updates. So i can not update all my programs all in one hit now. Because it is my updates and it will install it self again. I DON'T WANT IT
Would like capability of uninstalling this app.
Error 927
Cannot find location. Going back to 2.4.
Invalid packed...
This app was great when I first had it, a complete 5 star app and now it sucks major balls. First of all every time I tried to download it I kept getting a "Package Invalid" message. When I finally got it to download it kept forcing close, I left it alone for a while and the message still kept popping up even when I was on another app! Now I am trying to log in and it just keeps loading and loading and loading and loading till it forces close AGAIN or it keeps telling me "Couldn't Connect To The Server". Seriously Google? I thought we had a special relationship. I want to like you Google, I really do but I'm losing faith because THIS APP ISN'T WORKING!!
Why do I want this.I don't even have Facebook
Gray bar sux and refresh icon keeps turning but nothing refreshes.
My samsung galxy not always hang when i resive google+ video call
Why I can't move to SD c card or delete?
Useful
Necesitan nuevos y mejores diseñadores. La app es cada ves más fea.
Everything is great but the grey bar has to who. Its very annoying.
After update I cannot use nearby unless I turn on gps?  Not good. Auto correct still won't work when holding phone in landscape. Works fine in portrait, seems odd I don't think it is by design.
IMO this app isn't only useless, is also monstrous in size and taking up precious real estate from my phone. I wish Google can understand that social networking isn't something one can push you to, nor shove u into. The human factor is too great. We go where everybody else is: friends, coworkers, family, etc. And like it or not Google + isn't IT at this time.  So, Google, while I'm grateful for some brilliant products, kindly back off a little. You've become quite a big brother. Enough already!
Ever since I was forced to update this my battery had been draining twice as fast!
How can I get rid of this app? Surely they aren't forcing me to keep it. Please advise how I can delete this.
Stay far away from this one. It is so malicious that it doesn't even give you a way to Uninstall the App if you should choose to.  Once you Instal it you are just stuck with it. Shame on you developers.
I dont want an 11mb update for a worthless crap app
Why can't Google give the option to UNINSTALL  their application?  This is day light robbery.  Pushing down things down people's throats when they don't want something.  PLEASE GIVE OPTION TO REMOVE G+ COMPLETELY.  It hogs huge amount of unnecessary space
Will not update location in nearby
I was invited and joined! I see little to no interaction on this site! currently useless
Nice design, but crashes whole phone when trying to answer hangouts. Can initiate then ok though. Fix that and you have a fan...
I am unable to link my LG phone to Google +. Bummer
This app is next to useless no wander it was free DO NOT GET THIS APP!!!!!!!
Dump that piece of intrusive Malware known as "Picasa"; and don't worry about dumping the intrusive Spyware known as your "New Privacy Policy", the government is going to dump that for you.
This last update, keeps forcing to be my default browser, for some reason.
Let me uninstall this garbage! Google+ is not my thing. Why make me have it?
you broke it!
:)
I dont like this app's becuz it very poor perfomance... & one share after did not erase the image frm phone...  Ple provide more...
Why is it mandetory?
I have never used this app, I have no interest in ever using it, and yet I am stuck with its endless updates, even though I have it set to never update.  Give me the ability to uninstall it and I might just like it.
Dan, you are a complete fagggot Sincerely, the internet.
Not updated to the latest version, can't view photos/videos, chat, or hangouts
Package file is invalid and I don't use this program. Stop making me download it! I don't want it!
Stop forcing Social Spyware on my phones. Let me choose apps I need and want. And allow me to delete ones I do not need, want, or desire without having to root my phones or tablets.
Installed with a software update from motorola. I don't use this, don't want it& can't erase it..
Why what's wrong I just updated and now there's nothing to see. It says can't be found.
Google+ is great for those who want to use it. But i am forced to update it even though I don't use it at all. Can't even uninstall it :-( shame on you for forcing this app on users.
Google just wants to have everything interconnected for "your own benefit" That's the biggest load of crap I've heard!!!
My first reaction was "you've got to be kidding". The top grey bar is intrusive, of limited use, is larger than it needs to be and keeps appearing and disappearing as you scroll up and down. It's distracting and extremely irritating, and there's no way to suppress it. What was Google thinking? I deeply regret not archiving the previous version and will be using the mobile client sparingly until this is fixed.
Just installed G+ on my new EVO LTE and the video of my grandson taking his first steps won't play.  It plays fine on my PC. The phone G+ APP freezes up.  Not very good. Hope they fix this
Was great but now cant update anything always loading error Epic touch
I do not use it and do not have an account.  It is consistently running in the background(approx 35mb).  I can not uninstall, delete or force stop this app.  Please allow for deletion.  That's if programmers even read this.  HTC One S.
Bring back swipe function for 5 stars again. Also, the new shortcut overlay needs to be optional as it is seriously annoying.
I hate this app
I tried hangout for hours! Whenever I called it wouldn't show up, when I was called there was no ringing what so ever! I had to constantly refresh notifications for the invite to show. Very ineffective! Overall no notifications show up without me refreshing the bar, complete garbage, please fix!
0 stars  cant uninstall
Theres no point to this app cause i have had this for a few months and still dont know how to use it
I want the option to uninstall! (Verizon Droid RAZR Max)
This update brought lag and flickering when scrolling stream. Plus, floating menu is with such big icons is unnecessary.
I wish this was an optional app, its over 11 megs of an app i dont want or use but apparently i must have it, dumb...
After update cannot open app at all. I get a message "cannot be found" DROID x2
Packet is invalid
Get this crap off my phone.
Really bad,need new updates ,it restarts my device wen i get a call
After update,  I've had issues with it not able to find my location when I tab to "Nearby".
I do not use this and don't want it.....
Why am i force to use this on my mobile? I wanna have the option to keep it or delete it
Wish I could uninstall evo 3d
Bakwaas
You cannot download without my permission how viral of you
Want to uninstall, please.
Auto upload kills exif data on my photos. This bug should have been fixed by now.
I have no use for this app, and I wish I could delete it.
Hate it
Google has so many brilliant minds hard at work in silicon valley and this is the best effort they've put forth as far as an update goes? Disappointed to say the very least... talk is very big over trying to overtake FB as the new social media darling
The new auto-hiding top bad is unnecessary and wastes a lot of real estate on the screen.  I don't think there was any problem with the old button in the old top bar. Hope the next updated doesn't come with another top bar! I'm not sure what to do with two of them, let alone three.
Unable to determine my location since latest update.
App sucks!!!!!! Profile has been under review for three weeks now.
Says package file is invalid.
??????
Still lags when scrolling. Menu still doesn't look right. Too hard to tell if something has a +1 or not. Stream stops loading after a certain number of posts. New top bar is large and unnecessary.
Like the application overall, but when I click on a picture to view it, it loads endlessly.
Where did this come from and how do I get it and other bloatware off my phone? Thanks Verizon, you suck
I don't use google+ and don't feel I should be required to have this app on my phone
Stop making me have your crap on my phone. You see it on the reviews all the time people hate it why won't you listen
Instant upload is inconsistent
Don't want it can't get it off phone
Love G+, but one of the most advertised features, G+ hangouts is a piece of crap! No matter which ROM I used, the latest versions of the app crashe and hang up the phone.  Had to go back to stock Samsung garbage ROM to check it wasn't a custom ROM - and surprise, surprise - it is Google's fault. Garbage! On top of that it doesn't support bluetooth. Is it 21st century in Googleplex yet?  Back to the old version of Google - 2.6 interface was more fluid anyway and the app WORKS!
My phone is not blessed with megagigs of internal memory. Please be more friendly to my cache, or at least cache to the SD card instead!
Crashes  on Toshiba thrive. Would be good if fixed. Hangout won't work either.
Can't use it. Crashes after a few seconds. Using it on Toshiba T100. Has potential but going by reviews to many conflicts with to many devices. Will try again in a few weeks when issues maybe sorted.
ok
What is this app for, and why can't I uninstall it?!?
Doesn't connect to server...
Irrelevant
3 people in a hangout with video and you get epilepsy!! Seriously, it keeps flickering between screens instead of split screen video feeds...  No option whatsoever to edit own profile... mobile app is terrible and I don't have time to check this kiddie stuff on a desktop. Get a grip google!
Didi
Crap can't uninstall. Can only delete pic 1 at a time. Do not install. Got to give it 1 star because can't give it none. Complete trash. If you know how to uninstall please kettle me know.
I can't delete this it's as good as a bloatware as far as I'm concerned.
Imagine the frustration if downloading an apllication 11.9 MB big over a mobile 3G network that charges USD1 for every 10 MB, only for it to tell you 'inlavid package' after the costly download and fail to install. I am so disappointed.
it took some photos from my album on my phone and put it on google plus I know I didn't do that so I'm deleting it
It autoposts photos to ur plus pages. I had some nude photos that got posted and i didnt know for months....
Just what I wanted, another app ill never use that my phone won't let me delete ... Seriously
I kept getting other people's family photos. I submitted a complaint to the FTC for the blatant lack of privacy. Last thing I would want is for my family photos to be uploaded to random people's accounts.  No way to contact Google and get support.
Y cant I delete the instant upload album thats been put into my photo gallery on my sumsung galexy s phone...its like stuck there forever!!!
can not uninstall. i find this usless
It says it can't find the app on my android o.k uummm
Sucks.
hi.i'm using samsung galaxy y.i just wanna say that the picture inside google+ is somehow being cut off.whether i click it to view or just by view it with the comment,the picture being cut off its annoying..please fix.the rest,this app is still function.
The Instant Upload feature in this app deletes EXIF info from photos (this is the info that lets you see what date you took the picture along with other things like geotagging, etc.).  This app permanently alters your photos stored on your phone if you enable Instant Upload feature in the app.  On Galaxy S3
Won't work at all lame
One star because it not campatible with my ainol novo elf ii. Please make it compatible, and i would change the ratings. Thank you.
worked alright before the update , then the hangout freezes everytime really annoying. And it looks cheap now
Hard to find things with this.  I waste too much time trying to figure it out,  I'm usually great at this stuff.  Only some photos up load.  Very poor not user friendly at all.  I have a Samsung Galaxy 2.
I have yet been able to get this application to install!  it is SO HUGE I had to delete applications on my 2.2.2. version phone already to free it up and THANKFULLY I was able to get it to work by moving it to my SD Card THANK YOU, but I can not get it to start.  Not a good program if I can't even log on, and I have a google account, obviously!
Another piece of Google forced crap you can't remove. BLOATWARE!!!!
Constant notices about the same invites and posts.
Fir sum reason it wont let redownload bc  Ihav to uninstall fir updates to work but it wont work it says error 927 sometin like dat
Why must I keep this app?
I dont want it on my phone. I dont even use it and it keeps telling me to update it. Annoying!!
Google needs to fix this asap. On SGS3 AND it kept crashing when initiate hangout
As always google simply does it better than anyone. The best social network experience.
I have moto atrix 4G MB680. Its not supporting.... msg shows item not found...
Crappy integration of Google hangout
I don't use or want Google+, but it came with the phone so I keep getting notified of updates and can't delete it. Very annoyed.
Black screen and freezes when answering a video hangout. No use for the other features
Wont connect to server.
Super fail
not working..........just telling couldnt connect to server
Why can't I uninstall it? It just  consumes my memory
Please fix this ASAP
But it wont let me delete fully, keeps prompting me to update even though its deleted????
This app is a turd. Why can't you just show pictures in the timeline with text under them? This stupid layout with part of the picture and a snippet of text means you have to go into each post just to see what it is. This app sure uses a lot of resources for something that is less functional than the mobile website. It doesn't even support animated gifs. Disgusting.
Totally useless on the galaxy nexus. Won't stay open for more than a few seconds. Deleted and reinstalled and still the same thing. Ditto for the gallery app.
Worthless
Thank you so much for the video- g+ is exactly what I do NOT want.  Whew! Not on my phone.
Never alows the app connect To The server once my motorola xt 316 and then It crashes and forcé To close the app  "Could not connect to the server" messaage allí The time
won't even open on my bionic...says I don't have proper Blah Blah
It won't stay open for more than two seconds. Fix the crashing for the toshiba thrive
This is forced on me no.
Pls don't force ppl to use your app. Let me uninstall. Then I will give u 5 star.
My stuff is private do want to share
Apps that can't be uninstalled are all like rapes to the user.
Tried this update and promptly reverted to the last version. The blinding white in this update is horrible. Lack of scrollable circles is not worth updating.
Its ok......nota big fan
Works great
I sent a copy of my State ID card, my social security card & a link to my facebook page, yet my profile remains suspended because my real name is in violation of the google+ names policy...what more can I do to appeal this?
The stock Verizon nexus cannot be updated without rooting. Its very disappointing to be stuck with the previous version.
Every time I try to install, it says "the package is invalid" how is this program invalid on an android?! Android runs off Google! So much for google+ taking over. If I can't have it on mobile, I'll never switch from Facebook.
Won't even load update!
I don't use google+ so why would i want to update it..complete waste of my data! Let me uninstall!!!!
Every time I tap anything. Samsung galaxy prevail plz fix worked fine last time I used...few months ago
How do I delete...doesnt allow me to remove private info and difficult to uninstall!
Why cant I delete this crap from my phone.I never signed up for it and somehow I have an account.I hate google.
I keep trying to log in but it always brings up an error that says "Can't connect to server." I will give a better review once I actually am able to use the app.
Samsung Epic 4g.  After I installed & hit open a popup shows ok or cancel.  I hit ok then a screen comes and says item not found & a retry button never opens.
& I dont update apps i didnt download FOH
... With ICS.Time to root.
lacks polish, and now google tries to integrate its old working services to this... unfortunately they do a poor job.
I hate being forced to have an app.
I don't use Google+. So therefore I would like to uninstall it. Except, it won't let me. So Google gets a one star.
Doesn't even connect and crushes all the time.
Sync is turned on by default, so this app may upload a ton of stuff without your express permission, which caused a massive drain on my phone's battery.
Should be MY choice to have on My phone.
I did not ask for your stupid spyware to be on my phone. And now I can't delete it either? Google is an evil stupid plague on your privacy. MINUS 5 STARS
Any email request or lauch of the app open and closes immediately. Basically useless on my Toshiba Thrive. Unfortunately I have to uninstall. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Continues to just open and immediately close.  No stars!!!
why it is not supportng my phone....
Why can't we Uninstall?
Can't uninstall. Don't use the service so the app is of no use
Dang thing installed itself and I can't uninstall it. I do not use google+ and am not interested in using google+
I hate this app to be honest because I cant Delete pictures that I dont want and it shold ask if you wany to save or not
I've tried to download it many times, but once installed, when I try to download open it, it says item not found...
p1000 please sort
Doesn't seem to work on my device :/ I have a X20i phone. Facebook works fine but not this :/ oh well  Uninstalled
Downloaded it, and did not get it to work on my Wildfire S. Really would like to see an updated version for HTC devices.
I would love to use this app but unfortunately it wont start. M getting error g+ has stopped working. Pls resolve.
Force closes
F u google + i don't need this bs on my phone let me get rid of it, it's like a tattoo i didn't want now I'm stuck with it
Crap
I don't use this and never asked to install but now its there and is running on the background all the time despite the fact my google acc doesn't have google+
Can't uninstall
Won't let me uninstall
My phone is connected to the internet and the app says no internet plz fix it and ill give it more stars
Not able to login. Force close
I know the Google guys want Mr to use + but it's not going to happen. Let me uninstall this app!
Let me delete instant uploaded photos
Never works. Galaxy 11
This crap erased all my photos/videos off my SD card I give it -0 stars don't install
I love Google+ but this app will not open going to try again  later may change this
Keeps crashing,useless,wont open,the one star is bcuz andriod wont let me post my rating with no star,this app is beyond poor,wwhhaack, don't waste your time if you am attain 4g from metro pcs
Stupid app that I never use. Can't seem to be able to delete it! Someone please help!
1 star because I cant leave negative stars. Google gets you on this with non stop pop ups then advertises your info to the world. I started getting messages of people who added me as a friend and other crap. I dont know who these people are. God only knows who or what the private info google has taken it upon themselve to post wherever. I think I finally got out of Google+ and still have my regular Gmail. Now lets see if Maps and other apps will still work.
I have no intention of joining Google+, but now I have more crap on my phone. Thanks, Android! :[
Will not work on my HTC wildfire. After numerous attempts at  installing and uninstalling, will force close right away every time.
Notifications don't work, nor does refresh. This app is getting worse with each update.
Notifications don't work, nor does refresh. This app is getting worse with each update.
Too bad Google won't give me the option of uninstalling this app, I don't want it & won't use it. Now I constantly get update notices for it...had to give it 1 star just to say this. :(
New update sucks
Galaxy s3 and 80% of the time I never get posts that other people send me
Have Samsung Galaxy S2. Downloaded and wont launch. :(
Application not found after uninstall reinstall cycle. Fail. :(
This is the worst app Ive ever used it gives mugs notification s when I take pictures and do other usless things
Maybe Mark Zuckerberg will buy google one day so it will actually possible to edit G+ my profile using the G+ app.    One Star. F-.  The high ratings are from Google groupies and nobody else.
Downloaded ICS on my EVO 3d and now I can't delete this garbage off of my phone.
Gotta love all the companies who think putting non removable apps on personal phones makes customers happy. Is it not enough that I support you by purchasing your products?
crashes on toshiba thrive tablet then continues to pop up with error messages while reading other programs very poor application
The battery usage of this app is absurd, it uses more battery than the phone's screen. This is unacceptable and makes the app unusable for me.
I want to permanently remove this, but it will not go away!  Waste of good memory on my phone!  Google SUCKS!!!!!!!  GET A N I-PHONE!
ut
I wish I could uninstall this. I don't use it and don't want it wasting my battery.
This is rather ridiculous, the app wont install and thats surprising coming from developer which owns android itself! Fix this problem and fast too since i have alot of friends using this app.
I want to be able to un install this bloat ware on my phone. Hate having no choice but to have it
On the start up itself it will crash every time
Latest update has massive issues..As always... Update: Mobile hangouts are broken. WTH are you thinking!? Bring back swipe between circles!!
Bloatware
This was the only reason I  have installed the app and find no way to activate hangouts. Nothing mentioned in requirements .
I am using micromax A73.. google plus is not supporting my handset..r u sleeping google team.? I dont know what u people were doing ...sleep well..
Whatever
Booooooooo!!!!!!!
Google plus is go ma keep getting bad reviews because THEY DONT FIX IT.  I try to open it and it keeps shutting down.... why?  Ask Google.  I'm not even going to try to download any more Google things.... they don't work..... Google... just consider me just one more unhappy costumer... thanks for nothing but wasted time!
Messages are delayed for our in huddle for my new Samsung galaxy s3.
Vg
Just one star because i cant uninstall it!!! I mean why???
Hate how it's not removable on ICS.
I have mmx p300 but can't download the tab version.. it downloads the older version instead.. sucks
Hangout fails and won't update good work Google
Installer is corrupted. It gives error "Package file is invalid" when I try to install it.
Limited ability to share pictures with family this seems more focused on social media
Serious programming glitch. I download the entire app and installed it. Once I launch it, two buttons appear. One says OK; the other Cancel.  That's all it does. No Google+.
Can't sign in since update, used to be great
it is very bad every tine I open something it shuts offf... ughh
Once you link this program Tue photo back up feature seems great but once you sync it you can't delete the photos from your phone and if you do you can't do so easily.  I uninstalled the app deleted them from my online account disabled it  . He app updated and reinstalled and placed the pictures back on my phone.
That's what my Samsung tells me.that's always a 1 rating to me.
Apps data storage use keeps on growing and growing. No clean up function in the app :(
Hi,  i am using motorola Fire XT mobile phones, and after installing Google Plus application i observed continuous force close if the process is running also , please check and provide us updated version.
I absolutely don't get how this damned instant upload should work. Whenever I make photos or videos, it doesn't begin to upload it for a long time; it says UPLOADING 0 OF 2, then you have to wait a really long time and 20+ megs of upload before it finally begins to say UPLOADING 1 OF 2. I hate to feel myself like an Apple user, who can't decide for WHAT and HOW he wants to use his phone, he has to wait for secret background synchs with close to zero user interaction. I want to press a damn button, then see how the upload proceeds, not enable some background service which might or might not upload the photo/video I want RIGHT AWAY, or just wait for hours before it.
I have the google plus app on my phone. I can't get rid of it.
One of my tablet supports it perfetly. The other one doeen't at all. FFS GET IT SORTED GOOGLE
Crap. Bloatware.  I dont want this on my phone constantly running in the background
Id love to have g+ but i will NEVER use it or add it to my phone until they give you the option to opt. in or out of having access to my camera and pictures.
Messenger is useless.  Messages won't update, get lost and won't send even on 4G or wifi,
Facebook is still better with their app.
With the new update it make the app not work it trash now
Forces close and doesnt connect to my server, worst app ever!!! Uninstalling.
Pictures and videos wont load
Not working
On galaxy s3, I was only able to use google+ for voice, no video at all. In addition it is hanged.
You can't uninstall. I don't use or care for Google+. I can't believe Google is forcing Google+ on its customers. ANTI-TRUST lawsuit
I don't know how I got this app it just kinda appeared on my phone and I can't uninstall. Please let me uninstall.
Great app overall. It is saying that I don't have a front facing camera when attempting to join a hangout. I'm on an evo 4g which has one..
I DON'T WANT THIS WHY IS IT BEING FORCE ON ME. I PAY A LOT OF $ FOR MY PHONE IT SHOULD BE MY CHOICE! THIS IS STILL "AMERICA " IT'S IT?   0 stars. You can't even send this without putting a star on it.
It just gets in the way. Not worth trouble
I'm not sure if it's only forced with a few plans, or with most, but either way forcing people to own, and update this app is beyond evil. Google isn't your friend, it's just another big business.
Can't download this is a joke
When it doesn't force close, I click on my account to log in it says can't connect to the server and I have wifi. 5 stars when fixed. Samsung Intercept
Seems to look like it's true and if it is, for pre-gingerbread users, this is a waste of space.  Until there is video support for all OS versions, for me at least, its not even worth installing.
I should get to choose what I want to delete.
Y does any app need to take control of the camera and video and use it at any time? Ridiculous!
Info collecting junk. Starts running when mounting SD card and prevents it from mounting properly. Can't stop it either.
I really do not have any interest in these social bullshit networks. No privacy. No security. We must be able to uninstall
The app keeps crashing on my phone. Feels very bad to say, but this is by far the most pathetic Google app I ve ever seen on my phone
worse app yoy can not even tell if u friends are on.ot not
Bloatware.   Useless.
Wish Verizon and google spend as much time bringing operating system updates....and...upgrades instead of forcing more bloatware on all of us.  God forbid you are not a social network person.....they still make you keep over 40 bloatware apps taking up memory, collecting info, and wasting my battery life:-( you want to extend your battery life phone makers help us the consumers get rid of this forced bloatware that kills it. Also 10,000,000+ downloads .... because they force the 12 megabyte download
It won't let me log in and gives me an error msg
Shows pictures in my gallery that i have already deleted,  in order to delete a picture from Google plus you have to delete individually, there's no select all button
I love Android and for the most part Google, but I'm not going to join the ghost town that is Google+. Ever. And the thing reminds me like 25 times a day an update is available. Please give us an option to delete from phone or stop it trying to update.
Sliding between circles in previous versions were better. Can't search new people in this newer version
Sliding between circles in previous versions were better. Can't search new people in this newer version
BOOOOOOO!!!!!!
This is really annoying every time I go on a application Google+ force closes along with the one I am on. Please fix
I really hate that this was put on my phone without my permission really don't like the fact that I can't uninstal I don't even have a g+ account and not planning on using it
Galaxy S2 Skyrocket. After installing updates not receiving some incoming calls.  Phone process errors. Uninstalled updates and everything back to normal. Found this info on Web regarding this issue.
I've downloaded this several times, but it has failed to work each time.
Why should I be forced to keep this on my phone if I do not want it I should be able to uninstall this completely. Instead I have to keep updating this crap cuz my phone wont stop bothering me to update this app.
Not a fan of the Google+, and I acknowledge that that is just my opinion. Just wish I could uninstall it, or at the very least, make it so that its not taking up ram running incessantly.
I hate that this apparently continuously runs. Can't uninstall n it starts right back. My pun was perfect until the stupid gingerbread which this came along. Since u all r deciding what I can n can't have on my phn y dnt u pay for it. I'm sick of this bs. On fifth phn lost everything. So disappointed att really considering Verizon or sprint.
Is this installed on my phone i have facebook amd its better
Kepps uninstalling :(
My samsung. Works with all apps except g+ . thwy can t hear me. I hear them
I hate it, I hate facebook.  These are sites for looser who don't freaking leave the house.  Or the other 50% lie about how good there life is.  Straight B.S. IF YOU ASK ME.  GET THE HELL OUTSIDE AND HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH ANOTHER LIVE BEATHING HIMAN.  IT IS GLORIUS!
It says that the package file is invalid when I try to download.  Da heck?
Why does Android need this, messenger and talk??? Makes Android look disorganized and clumsy.  Plus terrible that I can't uninstall. Don't want it updating my photos
Keeps force closing on my toshiba thrive. Would love to rate a 5 -- please fix!
Don't want it, let me get rid of it.
Unwanted but can't delete, as usual.
Not one item in my circles opens to a post always the image. Sucks.
As far as I'm able to tell one can't make new posts anymore. Bravo for ruining functionality in favor of eye candy.
Software that can't be installed.
Force close. HTC Desire
Theres enough social networking bullsht out there
Confusing user interface. What's with automatically subscribing me to all those useless feeds? This app is much too difficult to actually use. We are not all programmers! Learn something from Facebook but don't make it bloated.
Bad
Bad
Why is Google forcing me to keep this software on my phone?  Have to update all the time or risk vulnerability exposure. Can't uninstall.
Toshiba Thrive Tablet- This seems like a great app but it will open it, then close. This would be 5 star if it wouldn't have opened and closed.
If you want me to use this app then don't make it a requirement to use my current location.
Bloatware says it all.
I can't even change my profile to female. not liking much so far
I am beginning to hate all services of google
I installed this because I'm using G+ more, but had to remove it b4 opening it. It says 11.99mb in description when it installed it was 28 and can't move to SD because breaks sync according to app2sd (so what's the point?). Just don't have enough int.storage on HTC Desire. Works fine on Nexus 7 though.
It gets very lonely, NONE of my friends have OR want a Google Plus account.   Sorry, but the internet doesn't need another social networking site. Sticking with Facebook.
Was Great but I updated it and it now says it can not be installed on this phone pity because it was really good
Why won't you uninstall from my phone
...
Wont let me uninstall, and with upload off, it still auto uploads pictures i take with my phone.
It literally won't connect to the internet it force closes every time I try to start it I can't even use the app.
Still says "Item not found" Uninstalling, again.
Can not remove this unwanted app.
Don't use it, don't wasn't it - but no way to get rid of it from Android phone. Lame.
Right after account selection, the app reports that there was an error and could not connect to the server
I didn't want this app and it froze when i tried to delete a picture.
Incoming video calls freezes, my outgoing video call works fine, happens with this latest update, if I uninstall the updates, then works fine for both incoming and outgoing video calls.... Not good, I use this a lot on my pc, please fix this and 5 star guaranteed...
Instant upload resizes pictures to lower quality. Lowers the 8MP quality on galaxy s3
I do not want ever picture I take auto uploading. I turned it off but the app keeps loading my pics. Uninstalling.
This is the only reason I use this app and it doesn't upload anything from my new phone, even when manually uploading, it stays on 0 of 82 uploading. What gives?
Won't EVER let me log iin! Sad...was so good untiil lockiing me out and  always sayiing there iis an iissue wiith my logiin iinformatiion...iif ii could giive no stars ii would. Uniinstaliing
Causes phone to crash.
I don't want this crap on my phone!
Let me remove the garbage from MY phone!
hangout freeze
Thanks for the most recent update. NOW I CAN'T MOVE IT TO SD. Wtf?
It literally wont even connect to the internet and force closes every time I open it. I would love to use it too! Talk about frustrating!!!
Keeps closing
Ever since I updated to ICS this was installed with it. I don't want it! Google+ is so stupid.
Not everybody agrees with or wants social networking and I don't  like the way these  things are embedded in the latest phones. If I wanted others to know what I watching/looking at etc I would find an ap and download it.I am. Persistently pestered by update reminders and have to be very careful with everything I do to make sure my privacy is kept. Big  brother is well and truly here, it's in your pocket and it is called GOOGLE.
All it shows is retry.
I don't want this program. Wish I could uninstall. Not everyone wants social media forced down their throats
Cuts my battery life in half. Uninstalled/reinstalled several times to test over the course of a few days. Result: uninstalled and will stay uninstalled till they fix the power consumption. Ridiculous.
This version works and is less horrible than 1 b4 this but waiting on positive reviews for this device Appreciate those who post glad I don't auto update! Will change stars if fixed Read the horrible reviews to stop losing stars!!!!
How do I delete this app?
Download files without notification?! Ha! Eat a D!ck google!
Wow i just download it! and ITEM NOT FOUND! It said open! Boom! Why!
It doesn't work :-(
Balls kickingly awesome
Instant upload stopped working on my Google Galaxy Nexus
Don't want it... Don't use it..
Really now.
Great app.
Just kept giving the error 'item not found' after I installed it on LG Phoenix. Uninstalled...
1 star until I can review restaurants without sharing my name and photo with the world
The fact that im forced to install software makes this horrible.  Of i wanted that i would've bought an iphone
Like it a lot google, thanks
Doesn't work! Desire HD
What happened to the left and right swipe gestures? YouTube has it but not Google+?  Bring back the Circle swiping I want to quickly manage my circles! Too much white/unused space! Need less clutter and more minimalist feel #getit? :P  App glitches when writing comment, hard to scroll etc.  Again with messenger, I want right swiping gesture to go back to the options menu instead of reaching to the top left. Get it together! Smh. Need options to change font size!!! Hangout doesn't work properly FIX!
What a shame. Incoming hangouts freezes app. If ppl who invented android cant make good apps . Then who can
I uninstalled it and it keeps telling me to update it. Please, i dont want to use this app.
Instantly uploads every picture I take. Why would I want to share every single picture with the world? Sorry but it's stupid to try and go up against Facebook. UN INSTALLED
Don't want this app
Superb lag!! Google please fix the hangout feature or u'll lose out a lot of +1...
Forced junk
This app take a copy of my photo with out knowing of me  I do not want to instal it or even update it
\This app DL's and installs, but when opened, it says item not found and wont load period.
Started uploading ma pikz wit out meh evn known hell no
The bad thing about this app is that the hangout is upSide down...PLEASE FIX.
Why am I not receiving Notifications anymore, was working perfectly fine on my Skyrocket and Nexus 7. Since the last update, I no longer receive notifications. I have to try and remember what posts I commented on and back track for any updates. It's very annoying
I don't use this and I don't want it. Noone I know uses this either, I want to uninstall this pos app
I would :o(  Cannot find app? And no connection? Those are the messages I'm getting after installation.  Google usually puts out superior products  This will have to be uninstalled
This thing is so stupid it uploads all your pictures and videos to your Google+ account I will not be adding this app again!
For mobile social network division. Good job Google.
Why u forse us to install this thing, it even no use for me, please let people can uninstall it, it wasted my storage !!!!!!
Can't start a hangout and I can't accept hangout invites :'(  Please update and fix fast
Why do I get asked to update something I don't use??   Let me remove this annoying crap.  Uninstall only uninstalls the updates?!
I hate being forced to keep an app that I don't want to use. Google, please allow us to delete apps on our own devices. I won't use Facebook or Google+.
have you ever carefully read the acceptance terms you're agreeing to let these apps do on your behalf? or to your device? its scary. they are cool, but why so invasive or potentially malicious? TMI !!!
Is this tested??
It's a giant load of crap that my phone continuously insists I update this.  I don't use it and don't want it.  T mobile needs to get rid of this forced software policy because if it's still required when my contract is up, so is my relationship with them.
It installed fine on my tablet but it can not sign in everytime I run it. The sign in screen just really much frozen and no responce ....  Anyone has same problem? I realy like to have google+ on my tablet so please find the issue ...thanks!
hangout is not working. I am sorry ...
This application can't run error and now no connection retry with full wifi internet???
Package file is invalid
I want to completely un install but can't.
I don't need the messenger icon in app launcher. I can access it from main app if I need it anyway. Make it optional!
Why can't i delete the instant upload pics out of my gallery...this app sucks
Garbage
Requested file is not found!! Tmobile HTC glacier.
This was one of the useless apps that automatically installed on my Photon with the last software update.  I don't use G+!  I don't want this stupid app taking up space on my phone!  Pretty bad of Google to use an automatic software update as a way to push their apps.  What happened to Android being all about giving uses choices.  Let us choose to uninstall these useless apps!!!!
Constantly running in background even if not opened by me, huge battery drainer. Until this issue is fixed I for one will now dl
It hijacks your phone,  and you cant completely uninstall it. Permissions allow it to read, change, delete, and use information. Many times i have found my phone in the middle of a call, and it was in the other room.
Doesn't show the hangouts button so can't video chat :-(
Until the latest update broke the app for my moto photon 4g. All I get now is an "ok/cancel" popup and then it thinks and says "item not found".
Lame application runs by itself what a piece of junk.
Es la copia de face twitter y otras redes sociales.
It always force closes on my G2
Its stupid. How do i delete?
Since the update it just goes blank with a circle saying upgrade. It never goes away. ):
Since the update it just goes blank with a circle saying upgrade. It never goes away. ):
I got this app for the sole purpose of hangouts (because Skype doesn't work), but they do not work at all!   Galaxy S III
Can't get it to install on my phone.. thought it was but when I tried to open it..it not installed..
I love the new UI, but the IU is no longer working. I have a Galaxy Nexus and on both ICS and JB, the Instant Upload function no longer functions. All my settings in camera, gallery and G+ are set properly, but the day in June when I updated, all pics stopped going to the Cloud, a feature I absolutely love.  I see hundreds of posts on google and android forums from people with the same problem, but no responses from Google other than make sure the upload settings are on.  Here's the thing: I reverted to the prior version of G+ and IU started up immediately. I then updated and IU stopped.  I'm reverting again because IU is just too valuable to me, trumping the improved UI and other features.
Makes my tablet freeze constantly!  It keeps trying to get me to publish my photos to my phone!  How do I get rid of this virus disguised as an app?
you cant uninstall this app...
Just got a galaxy nexus and was excited about google plus. So far a complete fail. "Can't create post. Please try again later." That sums up my entire experience. Over and over. Tried reinstalling restarting etc. No dice.
LET ME GET RID OF THIS, I DON'T EVEN HAVE A GOOGLE+ PROFILE!
Hate rubbish like this on my phone, wish it could be removed, taking up valuable space!!
Why can't I unistall this app. It takes 30mb of my space!
I don't want it, but it came preinstalled on my phone, and I can't get rid of it. Just drains battery and sucks up memory.
Want to uninstall -_-
Sucks battery life
Everytime I try to choose an account force closes fix it
And I can't uninstall it! I don't use Google +, and I don't want it. I just realized that it's absolutely KILLING my battery!
Hogs my data pls fix
Ok
Several privacy violations here and it is not removable! I'd give it no stars if I could
The feature used to work but now it gets stuck on videos
Forced download
Evrthng is fine they just wrkd on UI but whenever I tries to post it hangs up
after un-install and re-install, g+ no longer works with android
How do you turn this off? I don't want my personal pics on this. I don't like it.
Nexus one. Wont download, tried repeatedly but comes up with an error every time. Shame as G+ is great
Won't install, period.
if you dont want it and cant remove it, it's malware.
Just another way for google to waste space on my phone!! Removing from system apps!!!
Just another way for google to waste space on my phone!! Removing from system apps!!!
The app crashes after 1 minute. I was never able to login. Failed with contact to server. Using a HTC Desire, Android 2.2.2
stops all functions on my phone doesn't allow other programs to run
can't download. grrr!
Latest update breaks internal mic and makes hangouts impossible.
Just started using G+. I will see if its any good? It hasn't offered much yet.
Can't brag how many downloads you have when you're forced to have it on your phone
Google plus is not for me. I never took to it or twitter. Facebook is by far the best
It is no good at all, this application didn't even open.!!
Appears to download fine but then try and open the app and it says cannot find item. Did factory reset on the device and the same thing happens. Back to using Facebook.
bad for me
Respect my privacy google!
Uninstalled !! Coz whenever I get hangout .. It freezes .. Fix this devs .. so I can use it ..
Uploaded pics automatically no thanks!
Force closes even on the very first launch. Force closes in background. Force closes any time. It's a nightmare. I know the phone is obsolete, but couldn't you just leave the old version for older hardware?
I don't have google+ but it still needs to update 10 times a day.  No thanks google.
I never use Google plus, I don't have friends on it. But my phone always opens it in the background and I can't uninstall it. Sorry Google, having it permanently on my phone won't make me use it..
Google, **** you and your auto upload!
Now it sucks! I hate that I just can't scroll through and look at pics because there is so much crap on top that I have to click on the pic just to view it. Some pics take forever to load so all I see is plus signs. I had totally given up facebook and was recruiting others to follow me to Google +, but now we are all back on facebook :-(
Can't use it, or really any Google product fully without desktop. I will never have another desktop, Google! Get with the program. also, newest version for ics is flaky and doesn't work well. new interface is to touchy for touch screens. how can any mobile users use this app for anything useful. browsing streams, maybe. communication tool? no way. another google atop convincing Me to stop using google so much
galaxy tablet 620  not very good bt works
I don't use it. I wish I would stop asking me if I want to update... It's not worth my data
Ich will den scheiß nicht auf meinem Handy. Da man es nicht deinstallieren kann, ein Stern
Keep crash cant even make status update
Problems…app is installed but not found according to app store! Update not always compatible.   Help!
Causing all kinds of problems on my phone  Samsung Galaxy Nexus
I hate Google + and I cant uninstall it from my s3 and I can't ignore updates for it. I refuse to update a program I do not have any interest in using.
All of the sudden I have all these random people showing up in my stream. WTH is going on. Also happening on mobile website.
After the latest update using instant upload feature all EXIF data is removed from the uploaded photos on the phone! And there's no way to get them back :-( This needs to be fixed immediately! Now my gallery is messed up because all new photos are in random order. After uninstalling updates instant upload works like a charm again.
Very nice
Aaaahhh... :( Updated and App doesnt work anymore. Get an error that says "item not found"... Please fix. I love G+!
Google has become Apple. Don't update to 4.0 especially if you have an s2 on Sprint. Thanks
No "accept" button to even go into it on my phone!
Well this has been the best thing yet hopefully you guys will do a update because theres room for improvement
This application broke my and my wifes 4G connection on our DROID Bionics. Common issue on the phone after this bloatware was installed.
Gets to new rating system after login, then stops dead.
No star
It keeps force closing
It doesn't come up on mine, only the usual with the circles and messaging, no hangouts!?
I hate that you are constantly asked to update even if u don't want the update!
I hate these apps that will not let me uninstall.
This app is everything that horrified people about privacy and social media. It automatically took all the photos on my phone, some of which were definitely not meant for the public, and started uploading them to Google +. After I had set it not to automatically upload. Dangerously crappy app. Avoid it at all costs until Google decides to start acting responsibly.
Got a new Nexus 7 ordered from Google play but the Google+ app won't work. It refuses to let me sign in or use the app at all! I wouldn't care, except I signed up for this because of the hangout feature and supposedly better Tablet version of this app. Have already reinstalled app, cleared app data, etc. but still no connecting to server. Works fine on my HTC One X and desktop PC. Pretty poor after all the hype I saw at the IO about how great Google+ is. Fail.
This platform still exists?
This app is crap for back ups, I followed the instructions to back up my pictures before a factory reset and guess what.. when I came back for my pics they weren't there!
when I click open all it shows is OK and cancel then I click OK and item not found
I seem to be getting a lot of posts from people and pages that i haven't circled. I really don't need to see Rosie O'Donnell's pants in my stream
rama
Just got a Denver tablet. For some reason the app crashes whenever I try to use the app. Have tried reinstalling and rebooting. Maybe my Android 4.0.1 is not yet supported.....
If Google apps could compete w/real apps, they wouldn't have to force them on our phones! Wish u would let me uninstall!!!
If Google apps could compete w/real apps, they wouldn't have to force them on our phones! Wish u would let me uninstall!!!
Crashes instantly on Toshiba Tablet
Google is amazing, but the app is so bad. I can't install it.
No app should be forced on a user.  Google has some great services and apps but some of their recent attempts are worthless.
They shouldn't have made this a system app because I really don't care for google+ :/ Srry I'm a Facebook kinda guy.
Always I connect to proceed to configure an account ,it says "Couldn't conneçt to server "  So far have not been able to use it.
I hate you
Poor with it instant upload locking photos up let me delete
Can't get it off my phone now.  Garbage.
I just installed this on my hisense e910 running gb 2.3.4, g+ would not even connect
I'm sure everyone else loves social networking, but I'd rather watch grass grow. I wouldn't mind so much if I could uninstall this useless app.
I had MySpace, now have Fbook, what's this for? And why are there So many updates?
This app is dumb. Why do i need to know what people, who i don't know, are doing?! Pointless waste of my time. Thanks for the useless apps and bloat ware Google.
Used to love the app - now it crashes AND tries to restart constantly - so much so that I had to remove all updates (you CANT remove the APP) Just to be able to use my phone at all.
The notifications dont work at all
I really can't rate this app, because it crashes before it loads any content! Please fix! Toshiba Thrive tablet.
Pointless app that can't be removed from my device
And freeze
If I delete this app, from my phone It still has all my photos online?
What the hell is this all about!!!!
Why are non cirle stuff showing in my cirle ,blah not what I wanted please fix or it gets uninstalled.
When I tried to download this, I got a invalid file error. I had to uninstall Google play to its most basic version-android marketand thenit worked
Best but y'all need to change
Droid Razr Maxx will not load YouTube videos.
Google is pushing this service down our throats. I have no interest in using it and this app isn't even "uninstalable", yet it's HUGE!
Google is pushing this service down our throats. I have no interest in using it and this app isn't even "uninstalable", yet it's HUGE!
Why can't I uninstall this?
When I select not to sync photos, that means you don't get to view, store, show anything from my library. Be careful.
After the last update the app started draining my battery
Horrible app crashes a lot.......couldn't connect to server....even if internet is working....
Completely unnecessary. Waste of valuable space. Get an iPhone so you can get rid of Google's crap.
I had to do a factory reset on my phone, and when I downloaded the app again, I can't open at all. Anyone else have this problem?
This app is ridiculously huge for what it does, and drains battery to boot. Google plus is great, but this app is not.
Awful
Genuine shi**e.
Vibration doesn't work on messenger
I went to download it on my HTC EVO design 4G and it reads item not found, with a retry button
Came with the update to ICS
Too many updates!!!
I hate the this app because Google forces me to keep it installed with no option to remove it. Feels like something Microsoft would do.
They don't let me completely uninstall this app
Signin screen flickers and hangs
I don't use let me uninstall This please!
Honestly Google. Failing to make an application that works on your OWN OS? I keep making up space to install it and it says Package file is invalid. Fix up please.
Right after instalation i select open and a window pops up with only OK and Cancel on it (no message no question ) when i select ok it goes to another window and says can't find the app and a retry button apears??? Samsung Galaxy Note is my device.
Why cant I remove this garbage from my phone. Runs CONSTANTLY.
Keeps crashing,keeps telling me I have no internet connection.
You cannot remove this app or its update notifications although it wants to download huge updates.
I didn't download this, i don't want it! Why don't i have the option to delete it!?!?!?
Allow removal NOW!
i could not login or message "no connection to the server" appear on login screen after latest update installed..
Don't even have an account but not allowed to delete it
Won't open .. can't even use it!  ..
Won't load from Android Mkt.
It saves my pictures that I don't want on there. And I don't know how to delete them! Guhhhhh.
Still sucks. Cant scroll through pics anymore. Revert to two updates ago pleaese!!!!!
Absolutely useles to me.  The only reason I update it is to stop those annoying update notifications.  Pplleeaassee let me uninstall some of this google crap.  iphone for me next time.
Could not open on HTC touch 4g Un-installed this app
it might be ok if i knee anyone that actually used this. it is preinstalled and i cant even disable It. just ising all my data cpnstantly updating and sending me update notices.   er
notifications. I have to log on my desktop to clearly see any notifications. Fix this then its back to perfect
Keeps automatically going back one screen until it just quits
Paris Hilton showed up in my feed. I do not follow her nor care about her. This is so  unacceptable, I am uninstalling. No G+ is better than G+ with Paris Hilton. Nice app tho.
auto installed with my latest firmware update. i don't have a google + account, nor do i want one. no option to uninstall. are you trying to replicate the circumstances that got msoft slapped with an anti-trust suit?
I've uninstalled and reinstalled, restarted phone, but it won't open, says Item Not Found. WTF?
For ruining my phone !
I can't stand this app or whatever it is. It keeps trying to get me to update this on my G2X but the update says there is nothing there. I wish it would stop. If anyone knows how to stop it please post.  Tyvm
Won't even open.
Instant upload uploads photos even if it is off!!!
Update fails to install. App will not work now. DROID X
Impossible to uninstall
This application has just used 450MB on my data allowance in 2 days, for no apparent reason, I haven't even been using it, not happy!
Can't stop this thing from downloading...don't even know what...uninstalled updates and disabled "system" application and there is still a f*&%ing download going (that has been for at least 2 days)...
Once downloaded to my motorola photon I click on OK from the Play store to open it and I get "no item found". When I try to launch from my app list, choosing my google account, I get "cannot connect to server. harumph.
Last upgrade grabed all of my media files from my phone and put them on Google+. I didn't want them there. Can't delete them without first redownloading them to my phone. can't download them to my phone because they are too resolution. this BS fails!
When I go to my circle, that's what I want to see.  I don't care "what's hot".  Give me the option of getting rid of that garbage!
Malicious applicatons can send your data to others as if it came from you. Had. People tell me they got spam emails from my address is it because of this type of permissions?
Latest version of Google+ WIPES your EXIF DATA from photo's when Instant Upload occurs!!! Please fix Google ASAP !! Thanks guys.. otherwise great product. Previous version didn't have this bug..  I've disabled instant upload till this is fixed.
Can't login, update broke everything. FIX IT. this is pathetic
Getting error message Item Not Found after download.
How does one uninstall Googl+? I don't need it.
Downloads and installs but file is empty.....once again google fails me :-/
WTF?? Isn't updates supposed to get bug fixes and not be bug by itself.
Toshiba released a update and google+ started working thank you google and toshiba
F*** , terrible application, i cant find where to post my new stt, i cannt post anything at my friend profile. Bad app, 0 star
New update, same results....NO HANGOITS!!! How much patient do I have to be? I have enjoyed the alternative to the other guy, but if this is not restored soon, my G+ experience will be over. Come on G Team...get your act together...it was working fine a month ago. TMobile Sidekick.
Don't like the fact that it automatically my pictures and then they want be deleted.
This sucks!!! I cant update. Came with my phone for sprint and i cant even use it! Piece of crap. Just takes me to google play and there is no "update" option. I will be uninstalling by the end of the weekend
Tried to uninstall but it would only let me uninstall upgrades because it's now a factory version with my tablet. I uninstalled upgrades and it said I couldn't. The app is still there but I can't uninstall OR reinstall and use it!  ASUS Transformer
Force closes every time u open this app
Doesn't work since update.
Keep on running on background even account is not signed in.  I want to remove it!!
nice app, ec to get informations.
Says item not found?
I have ASUS Transformer and I can't get on G+ due to some profile issues.  Who do I complain to to get this rectified.  They already have permission to see & do everything, what else's needed (proctoscope)?
Why is the evil Google forcing crap on to my phone that is useless and unwanted?
Forced to have this pointless application on my mobile
Do not think that your app gives you the right to have full access to all media on my phone. Only way to stop your app of showing all media is by deleting it off the phone. I hate companies that believe their software gives them the right to full access of your device
I don't get notifications on my phone. So I have to manually refresh my notifications. Which, of course, gets rather annoying. Soooo... Thanks? Lol
It's been a while and you still can't fix this?
HTC desire hd any time I try do do anything bar  just txting and it force closes every time after update
Stop putting apps on my phone that I can't uninstall!
Love U...
when i try tp open the app it say i need to download and its aleardy installed no good being trying for days
Installation hangs
messenger needs to appear in share lists
Every update somehow gets worse o_O
Why is this a compulsory app!? It runs in the memory all the time!! I have no interest in G+ and I can't uninstall it!!
Installed this app but cant open. It says item not found. Uninstalling... -5 star rating.
Another phone memory space app I don't, nor will ever use that I cant uninstall :'(
Latest update does not open from the market Samsung  vibrant
Freezes up a lot! Even july 20th version
wants way too much access. uninstalled!
Bloatware
As a non-google+ user it would be nice to get a uninstall option, or at least a don't update option. Know it's a Google core product but still.
Best app on my phone
Couldn't open it from google play. Galaxy 1
Keeps saying package invalid. Wtf? Fix please updated and now it says cannot connect to server. Not happy
Strange thing prevents me from installing the update, and the update continually bufs my phone. How to stop it? Uninstall?
That's it after update item not found .
I cant open the app. It said I item failed.
After update I get message when trying to open "item not found"
The app is buggy and requires you to download updates on every other day.
"Item not found" after update
Not working with photon
GO AWAY !!! BOO :c
I don't want G+, yet it's annoyingly persistent!!!
"messenger" shortcut takes you to google+ app, not directly to messenger. Still no notifications unless I go into the notifications and refresh manually. Very disappointing google.
Won't refresh the stream plz fix!
It sucks...wont update and whenever i open it,my phone gets hanged.
After the update, its saying ITEM NOT FOUND!! What's going on!???!
Excellent
opening app shows dialog with just "ok" and "cancel"...   error package is invalid...
All Circles contains posts from people NOT in any of my circles. If I wanted to know "what's hot" I'd be looking at what's hot. 1 star until fixed.
Very bad will not open on my phone and my phone is a lg marquee..will not be upgrading this piece of crap...
Didnt work...item not found...why
DON'T UPDATE..  This update will trash it, wont run after.  Bad Google.
Kiran
stop updating Google+!!! now it won't work on my phone! when trying to open it in the market it says "item not found"
What the hell! It says 'no connection' when I click on my login id on first page after installation, I am on a well working 3g connection
Just updated and now when I try to open it I get the message: "Item not found."
Updates then won't open. What the heck?
I tried to open after the update and there was another small window that popped up on the app with OK or cancel. I selected OK and the reply was a blank screen and item not found?? Uninstalled then reinstalled twice  same problem??
Unable to finish download. Stuck at 80%.. try 3 times...I give up.
11% of the time I'm waiting for all these updates. Lame....
How do I delete this bloatware?
All it does is show a yes and no button, press yes it goes to Google play item not found retry, or press no it exits(at least exiting works). 12 mb piece of junk, way to go Google another disappointment.
Since update icons for google+ and messenger have dissapeared
Always force closes don't install
I love Google plus but hate this app.  Its a Facebook ripe off!
Get rid of the what's hot crap, and i might actually use the app!
Can't open.....
Its too much heavy for my phone. Considering it a waste of space 27 mb is much for a aap.
Much better then facebook
I think you have lost it! A new user just isn't going to step into this mess..
Crap ui and crap functionality. My galaxy wont let me remove it. This is an actual bloatware by GooGLe
The photo sync was usefull but dropbox now does a better job, as it part of the Rom I can't uninstall :(
Says package file is invalid when I tried to update it....Samsung galaxy proclaim
Dont want it, cant remove it, nobody uses it, facebook it aint.
Cannot download or fetch pictures. WTF???
Keeps force closing. Asian no name tablet. On cell,  please add a non back to top feature after posting,  sharing,  etc.  Stop uploading my photos when off.
Uses 10% of my phone's battery life even when I don't even have it running.  Even worse, I can't uninstall this app!
Don't use it,  don't want it,  but can't get rid of it. Weak.
Not much you can do when it crashes instantly.
Not much you can do when it crashes instantly.
Why cant I uninstall this crappy app. Only thing I hate about droids.
let... me... un... install...
I DO NOT appreciate this app, along with g+ messenger and Google music being forced onto my device in a Motorola update...and now can't get rid of them....I'm beginning to hate Google...if I wanted ur bloatware I would have downloaded it....and they run constantly soaking up precious RAM....hiding it in a manufacturer update is pathetic Google...what are u socialists now???? -a billion starts ya buttcrumbs!
There are NO currents in 3.0 - meaning that nothing displays & it force closes when looking at profile.  Now only one or two posts per screen due to pictures which decrease readability.   Do not like direction + is going.
I can't believe that Google can't get their own OS to work with their apps. I've figured out a workaround, but why should I ever had to... Between 'bad package errors' and uploading my pic for instant upload WHEN ITS TURNED OFF!!! I can see why they have barely made a dent in Facebook.
Cant share posts to another applications. Used to be able.
It uploads all my pictures by default
I installed app on htc desire hd and upon first sign in i disabled instant upload. After few days I was gone to spend some time with my relatives and i toke some pics and videos while there. And the after couple of hours imagine my surprise when my phone notified me that i have new instant upload pics and vids on my g+ account! Long story short its not enough to disable instant upload in app you have to go to accounts and sinc section on your phone and disable it there to under google account. If you dont you will get a nice fat bill from your mobile provider like i would. My luck is I have unlimited mobile data plan. I'm having cold chills thinking what would happened otherwise!
Quite annoying how google deems this a necessary app on Android 4. Meaning you can't uninstall it, even if you don't want our use it.
I hate that the ICS update is forcing me to have it
Rubbish, can't sign in and force closes in the background all the time!
I can't delete it from my galaxy nexus, I neither want it nor use it..
Stop forcing crap apps on people. If we want the app we'll search it out. I'm about ready to go back to BlackBerry. To hell with proprietary Android!!!
I have the S3 and even though notifications are on in my settings they never show up on my device. Please fix. Oh and color customization would be nice.
This is a really messed up app it works fine but this companies attempt to be different sucks Ppl want creative control! I dont like all my pics in my phone were auto uploaded to your site! I dont like that via mobile if deleted from the site(pics) are deleted from phone! Fix this I have more bit this is the worst!
Google +  will not open on my Droid 2 since the latest upgrade.  Even tried uninstalling and reinstalling with no improvement.
Always show connection error and crash everytime. A havoc software I ever seen.
why do we have to use a pc to update personal pics rather then on the go with the phone? shouldnt u incorparate google talk with plus measenger so there arent 2 messenger apps for one company? just sayin . ;-)
Can't use video can't log out let's hope the update fixes bugs...as my galaxy 3 is spose to be a "lifestyle" changer
No, I don't want Google blatting my location all over the Internet, thank you very much.
It won't let me delete my google profile without deleting my gmail too . And i can't get rid of my " Photos from phone " Album /:<
This is nothing but bloat ware that always runs on my phone. Can't even get rid of this stupid app!!!!!
I never wanted this crap on my phone  Unnecessary and pointless  And i cant uninstall it.
Dont need it dont want it
Automatically uploaded photos online without my permission. Evil
Garbage
Love the UI and Google+ itself. However, it's pathetic how much this app keeps my phone awake. It deep sleeps less than 75% of the time. This has been a problem since it came out on ICS.
I thought the sales pitch for Google plus was user choice.  Why is it pre installed and not removable?
There is no syncing between my phone and my computer, even though I have sync on.
Latest push update installed without permission.  Cannot uninstall.  Not happy.
Why downloading without notification?
Can someone please tell me how to uninstall this app - I really don't want it!
useless app. i switch autoupload off and pics are still uploaded?! Sorry but uninstall and never again...
I WONDER WHAT GOOGLE DOES WITH ALL THAT DATA AND PRIVATE INFORMATION?  WHY HAVE WE ALLOWED GOOGLE TO ACCESS OUR PHONES IN SUCH A WAY THAT ANY CORRUPT MEMBER OF THEIR STAFF COULD STEAL VALUABLE  INFORMATION OFF US.  GOOGLE MAY JUST WELL BE ONE OF THE ANTI-CHRIST!
Hate how they make u keep this crap.
Rubbish will not work
I love google plus and thought it would be great to have on my skyrocket.  I have downloaded and installed it twice and both times when I open it, I get a ghost ok/cancel box in the middle of my screen.  If I say ok I get a white blank screen saying item not found.
This app, ive had to reload it four times, when I send it to s.d card it disappears. Plus it crashes on my stupid Verizon phone at least seven times a day.
Did not want it but will not uninstall which is pretty much the definition of bloatware.
Please fix weird bug. Widget causes app launcher to crash and not respond.
Doesn't even work!!!! Keeps force closing
Can't connect to server and log on whyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
Once you download this app you're going to have to root to uninstall it.
Just updated on Droid 4 and now doesn't work at all!
Does not work on my Nexus one(connection error after selecting account) but funny as it be the iOS app works like a charm. Google please fix this.
Why do you force me to have this crappy copy of facebook? HOW CAN I UNINSTALL THIS CRAP?
I disabled this useless bloatware using ice cream sandwich, but it still tries to update itself which re enables the app. Cannot be disabled, this app is like a virus.
Google loves to spy on you.
App is soo good but update has broken instant upload for me. Missing random photos all the time which is mega annoying. And g+ stream doesn't sync properly anymore. Also hangouts don't work anymore. Please fix for 5 stars.
Just upgraded, app no longer opens. Please fix.
*AWESOME *.......
I dislike having applications forced on me.
The app is messed up! I go into the settings and take off instant upload on pictures i take but it still does it! Fix!
Keeps force closing (was doing it even before I had a chance to sign in). Once I tried to sign in, says there is no internet connection even though there is one. Very disappointing.
I have it off and g+ still uploading. This need to be fix. Sgs3 T-Mobile
This dreaded bug is now back again. Its super-annoying to be reading a post deep in the list only to have the app do a refresh and bring you to the top of the list again. Please fix.
Whenever you are in messenger the text window is not fully displayed anymore. When you finish typing a word the screen jumps around making it very difficult to see what you are typing. Gonna try and downgrade.
Keeps telling me package is invalid. Does complete download but will not install.
I try to open the app, and it pops up a force close message before it even loads. This makes Google+ completely useless. I can't access anything. Nice update Google.
Google+ is to complicated and slow
After 2 updates, hangout still does not work. Why Google? I want my hangout back.  Update: its 2 weeks since my last check. It's still not working for hangout.
but it just about asks every permission available short of smelling my butt. For a site which is a forum, an evolved forum, no reason to have this kinda permissions.
Loved this app worked fine until update had to take update off nothing works on the new version can't video call screen just blank Green screen please fix this so can update
Constant annoying... One star till fixed
I hate this program! What is the point?  Need to be able to disable Circles.  Google employees must write the positive reviews.
I don't want Google +.  Why can't I remove it? It's bloat ware on my phone.  Give me the freedom to make a choice whether or not I want spyware installed.  Opps, i meant software.
i dont use this. let me delete it  thank you
I dont want this app but i cant uninstall it from my phone because my whole phone updated and it put it on there. I just want it to go away!
Since I've updated I can't hang out anymore on my Samsung galaxy S3.
Since I've updated I can't hang out anymore on my Samsung galaxy S3.
I can't video chat
Invalid packag.....although 10 million people downloaded it...wow, only me! When  I did actually get it installed, it says no network cpnnection..so  Icant login...and its constantly  fc even though im not using it... Dear lord, this is not a good introduction to google+.
This is not a productive application and wish I could delete it forever. I resent that Google includes this as a system app. If I wanted it I would have voluntarily installed it. I am going to stop using i-google, gmail, and anything else I can from Google because I resent them forcing their apps on me. I do my best to maintain only useful and desired applications on my phone so that it doesn't become cluttered with all kinds of junk like this.  Good bye Google!
Why does it need permissions  for audio?
Item nit found plz get rid of this or fix it....
Wtf...updated to FF18 and this B.S. is bundled in it,  left G+ a year ago,its dead and so is FB. Twitter is king. @kargie_money
Why should I have to put a 12 meg app on my phone that I neither use or want. You can't uninstall or disregard the updates.  Google this is what makes you suck
Good, but I actually prefer the previous UI. I've noticed a bug in which the images won't go edge to edge when in portrait mode. Hope you'll bring out a fix soon. Also, it'd be nice if there could be full size pictures, without any text over it.
Before upgrade it worked fine. Now can't do video calls what's happening please fix this issue galaxy 3 it's not compatible. With P's FIX THIS
I downloaded it twice just to make sure I did it right. First time an app ever did this. Would not open. Said could not be found. Come on guys, you can do better than this!
Installed this app and worked for a couple of days then stopped updating my greetings circles. I uninstalled and reinstalled, now it won't even open.
Wish I could use it. App on my phone that has no use.... Umm, how does that make me feel? Unhappy, that is correct. Vaccines get less testing.
I have to overtly choose to not have all my pics uploaded? Uninstalling.
Not getting my emails unless I refresh manualy on my motorolla photon!
Lame!
why do I want to an application by the owner of this operating system that doesn't work.... wow just way too many bad reviews
The upgrade has broken code.  After installing, it just gives ok and cancel button when you try to launch, then error after error.  Uninstall completely removed app, rather than downgrading to previous version.
Dont want it yet its pre installed
The would not open fully, on my htc wild fire. Very disapointed
Auto  upload of camera pics even with instant upload off and pic sync turned off in settings  on phone junk
I got this application today and it keeps saying no service or force closeing me! When they fix this application maybe ill try again
Hang outs not working on the Galaxy s3 NO VIDEO
Dumb! Cannot delete either!  Uber mega ultra stupid dumb
When i hit open a little bar pops up and i click ok and it takes me to another spot in market ans it says item not found???
evul. Most evul. Downgrade to 2.5.some.thing...
I have this turned off and any and every picture gets uploaded! Even the mistakes! Fix soon or I will be forced to uninstall!
Loads in the background even though I have never used it once. Eats up resources. Reloads in the background even when killed. Cannot uninstall.  Most annoying app ever.
What happened to Hangouts in TMobile Sidekick? It's not even showing up as an option in google+ anymore. Help!
Google plus doesn't install and in the past it was a battery drainer
Updated and now the widget crashes my launcher. Had to clear launcher data and loose all my home screens before my tablet was usable! Its very clear its google plus widget. As soon as I added the widget again it crashes. On transformer prime stock launcher.
Cannot Connect To Server, and Force Close errors.
Facebook.
This little piggie wants to eat up most of my phone memory even if it's moved to SD, and then gobble up its batteries on top of that.  I had hopes for the tablet version as my tablet at least has decent resources, but the "magazine layout" manages to be even more unusable than the mobile web UI, which I had previously thought hit a nadir of usability.  Oh, and G+ still pushes calendar events from random people to my tablet and phone even though I turned that off.  So many kinds of fail.
I open the app and it  already tells me to force close. Even if I'm not using it, it will say to force close or cancel it. Grrrrr
I open the app and it  already tells me to force close. Even if I'm not using it, it will say to force close or cancel it. Grrrrr
Does not start on my up to date Motorola Milestone running Froyo.
It keeps saying can't connect to server when trying to sign in.
After update I can't login at all, keep getting server error.
It caused my batter drain after updated my galaxy s2 to ice cream.  I recommend you all to disable it
Kachra.
Google is a big scam. The only thing that works good is google maps.
Why am I forced to have this useless app on my phone? I NEED to have an uninstall option!
Wrkd great at 1st. Now keeps telling me it cant load data and to check my internet connection. Been doing this for over a month!  Will rerate when its fixed
I don't use it and I can't remove it
Dont get uploads everything to google every puc even tho i shut off and in my phone albums has pics with picasa symbals that i cant delete dont even want to give star
I don't need this. Why this is enforcement? That I couldn't uninstall?
Samsung galaxy sII skyrocket.  Says item not found. Uninstalled and downloaded again and same thing.
This app does not work because it says I'm not connected to a mobile network, even though I am.  Please fix this
I can't login with a google app account, and when I login with a normal google account the app crashed. I will wait that Google fix all that errors.
Might be great, but I'll never know because it doesn't install to my HTC Desire.
What a total waste of space,  Google+ looks like a good idea,  shame you can't use the app, constant force closes, will not connect,  haven't even managed to get it set up in over a week since I installed it :-(
Sucks!!!!!!!
Great app! Love this social network...
Don't like this at all it uploads random pics off my mobile, plus theres not much u can do this. 1 star
Well, would you look at that! I wanted to uninstall because I don't use G+ anymore and it won't let me. Way to keep your customers Google!
I could do without this on my phone. I don't use it. Just taking up space on my phone. One star for being pre-installed and not able to uninstall. Annoying.
Sucks
If I don't want it on my phone I should be able to uninstall
No hangout.samsung galaxy.
Why is this on my phone? how to delete?
Freezes my phone when I try to stay out join a hangout.
Absolutely awful. I want to read text and not see enormous pictures. This app does not make want to use google+ on a mobile phone
Absolutely awful. I want to read text and not see enormous pictures. This app does not make want to use google+ on a mobile phone
Force closed when freshly installed then force closed on force close error reporting... Samsung Galaxy S2
I don't want this
Its a challenge to get messages to send in messenger. Even when I have good service. Plus my instant upload is off and photos still randomly get uploaded.
Crash prone.  Widget causes launcher to freeze/crash.  Running AOSP 4.0.4 on Nexus S 4G. Yes, modded, but it worked before updates.
I did not download this app by choice, but it will not stay turned off! I do not use Google+ & never plan to either. It constantly turns itself on even if I do a force stop & drains my battery. I can't uninstall it completely though because I have an Android phone. I wish they would quit forcing apps like this on people.
Google+ hate people because of their name. Can't uninstall this app either.
Won't open after installing. Have tried to install 4 times but each time it's broken. Please fix!
Do not use yet runs all of the time blow me
Package file is invalid error Edit. Managed to install but says now it cannot connect to server and is constantly force closing itself
Its my phone why di I have to install crappy app that I don't want .. so stupid
This app sucks because it keeps kicking me out for no reason.
Buttons have non-intuitive functions, keyboard pops up randomly, painfully slow refresh, lack of compelling functions, suggested people seem to be picked at random from the user base instead of being logical, settings have no effect and seem to be ignored. Generally, avoid it or be prepared to waste a few hours before you give up on it
I WILL NEVER USE THIS CRAP AND YET UNLESS I ROOT I CAN'T REMOVE THIS BLOATWARE CRAP. CRAP, CRAP, CRAP!!
It wont open. it doesn't give me a reason it just  force closes!
Fine but hangout not work in Samsung Galaxy S3 Gt-I9300
Keeps force closing. Please fix.
Can't uninstall this unwanted app. Stop forcing us to have useless apps Google.
Total useless app i installed it manh times but everhtime says server connection fail
Bakwas i will rate it zero plz dont install u will get frustated
This app has really gone downhill. I hope they fix it soon.
Doesn't ring to hangout.  Server errors
CRAP CRAP CRAP. INVALID FILES? WHY IS THIS AUTOMATICALLY ON MY PHONE?
I've switched instant upload off, but it's still uploading my photo's to G+. You can't uninstall the App on 4.1 either. Had to Sign Out of G+ to get it to stop.
Will not work on my sprint optimus lg
It wont let me uninstall from my droid razr
Poor
Youll be sorry It wont even load now.im uninstall the update to get back to normal.
Won't run.  Says successfully installed but when you try to open it says the app is not found.   Tried uninstall reinstall same result.
Frustration!   Downloads,  installs & wont open!  Says "Item not found" - tried 3 x...uninstalling!   Galaxy S
Installed it try to run it states item not found
Since there is no uninstall button I'll root the phone and remove all google traces.
Too heavy . Could not connect to the server all the time .
I simply can not disable instant upload
No one I know uses this and I cannot uninstall it from my phone (Nexus S). I can just uninstall the update, which it then bugs me every 10 seconds about how I need to update it. What can I not remove something that drains my battery faster and I never use it?
Please can you let users uninstall the Google+ app. I don't want to use it so why should it be forced onto my phone :'(
Should be boycotted. Their tyrannical policies regarding user modification is unamerican even if their business policy is.
Hangouts don't work on my tf201. Laggy app that takes forever to refresh. Get on it googs. Your iPad app is a million times better than this crap, wtf. FIX YOUR CRAPPY POS APP GOOGLE! NEVER UPDATES, TAKES FOREVER TO DO ANYTHING AND ADDING SOMEONE TO A CIRCLE STARTS BUT HANGS AT A SPINNING LOADING WTV SCREEN. TOTAL CRAP. UNINSTALLED.
Occupying too much space. If it were only possible to move the application.
App is installed but when I try to open it says item not found really upset with Google
The update to my Android OS, but I don't want all these google apps
Allow uninstall
On the Verizon Samsung Galaxy S3 it's eating up about 43% of my battery usage with notifications all turned off.
Useless app I can't delete and runs when it wants no matter how often I kill the task. It's my phone I should be able to delete this
Google plus never work and its getting on my freakin nerves this sucks big time! Either fix or just delete Google plus
it put two icons on my device. google+ and messenger. dont want messenger. messenger wasnt in the description.uninstalled.
Even after disabling instant upload the app still sent my pictures straight to Google+, stay away.
Just gives me a retry button
Such horrible program that cannot be uninstalled. This won't entice me into using it anyway.
Gettting app crashes frequently.  Uninstalling, going to use browser.
Cant use app... does not run on the samsung galaxy s2..  Uninstalling haa not helped....
I downloaded this app, but when I tried to open it my phone it could not locate the app. I am very disappointed....waste of time and battery!
Force closes every time I open the app on my RAZR.When it doesn't force close it takes forever to load pics and freezes up. Frustrating app to use.
Package invalid...
Droid x, use to work now it doesn't your update broke this, so tired of all the google changes, thinking of switching to apple platform.
Unable to download. Gives error "Package file invalid"
Was working, now it doesn't. Uninstalled to try to reinstall it, but now it says not compatible with my device.
Even though i disabled instant upload i happen to find the pics i have taken on the internet in google+. Breach of privacy textbook example :-(
Instant Upload doesn't appear to be working correctly as it once did. If you select only to upload while on Wifi, it will only upload pictures taken while on wifi. Any pictures taken while not on wifi, will not be uploaded.
I Hate it  it uplodes my photos autometicaly without my permission so that i  uninstall it
Se cierra en honeycomb
It doesn't let you delete your account on the app you have to do it in your settings..... it is just google version of Facebook!  :-(
I just wish it would let me do hangouts without force closing. Please fix it, i'm running 4.0.3
This app is so annoying and my private account in gmail isn't private anymore Please delete this app if you want in peace way
Let me uninstall!!!!!
When I have the option of whether to install this or not I'll give it a different rating.
Not being able to uninstall makes me dislike the app even more.
Wouldn't open on galaxy s2
Won't work on my HTC Incredible.
Razr Maxx
Very very lame.
Tried installing and reinstalling nothing work I'm running ICS on my tabelt
Came installed on my S3 so I cannot uninstall it. It automatically uploads my pictures to the web even though Instant upload is disabled. Google is copying my personal and private photos their servers without my permission.
Keeps crashing, don't know what the problem is
This program is USELESS TO ANTIGRavity a locked  or SUSPENDED GOOGLE profile.
When i press open small menu appear with two buttons OK and CANCEL  without showing any thing else and after i press ok the app open keep tell me try again without showing any thing
None of the pictures load and none of the video loads. Did anyone at google even try using this after update?? Apps clearly is broken, i wouldn't even call it beta.....
70 megs on my smartphone! Bloatware! I use the G+ moble page, prefer it much more, and freed up 70 megs of storage on my phone!
This App Sucks sorry Google.  I have taken plenty of pictures with this app and none of them have "instanly uploaded" to my Google+ account.  Not One!.  I have tried to manually upload the pictures and share them and that doesn't work either.  I cannot do anything with this App its a waste of memory.
Not opening in my huwai tablet
Terrible! Slow to sync and will NOT let me empty TRASH.
Not really sure what im supposed to do...
Please fix it crashes a lot and can't even chat
Causes horrible phone lag,eventually phn won't respond until reboot,sorry to similar to a windoze product..farewell and best of luck ....
This app sucks it fc on me and I didn't even open it and told me I had a bad package! Wtf is that??
Only reason i got it os it came with the phone. Uninstalled it but needed it for something else(cant remember what now). Constantly wants to update . Just dont see the point
This may be difficult for the developers to understand but NOT EVERYBODY WANTS THIS APP!!!! If I have no interest in using google+ why would I want it on my phone?
I like plus but this app is not very good.  Loading media and images is extremely slow when compared to using the web on the same connection.  Update: The latest interface sucks.  Now everything is centered around drop-down-menus  which is cumbersome compared to the previous "swipe" interface. Bring the old one back.
More crappy bloatware preinstalled on my phone. I don't want it, I don't use it, but I can't uninstall it. I pay $300 for my phone & $120 a month but I can't even control what apps are on what I thought was on MY phone. Verizon & google can suck it. This is why we root.
Why upload videos if you cant watch them on mobile.  You guys got to be the dumbfounded people ever
First I set it up to upload my picture to Google plus and it would not... Now every 10 minutes it it uploads the same pictures again and again. Had to force stop and then clear all data to get it to stop...
Package is installed successfully but get error ”package not found on device”
Says program cannot be found after install. Samsung galaxy 2.
Fail! The previous UI was much easier to use on my mobile device. Go back to the scrolling between circles and put user info back on.
Please fix so that I can sign on.
Sucks that you can't post reviews on google maps anymore
Installed latest and it wont even open, just crashes right away
Had to revert to version before last because the new look, while pretty, was too visually noisy and unusable. I mistakenly thought this version was usable.  It is *NOT!*  cannot view posts while in main stream.  Have to click each one which is unrealistic and won't happen.  Please fix.
Make google+ easy
I no longer use this, but when my phone upgraded, this was installed.
Downloaded, tried to open, nothing, clicked retry several times and still nothing ...
This app sucks wigit stopped working. and will no longer load on my phone and keeps telling me cannot connect I have great connection uninstalling not worth the trouble it keeps giving me.
Cannot connect to server.
I guess this is an android complaint, but don't make this a system app plz.
I guess this is an android complaint, but don't make this a system app plz.
I'd love to try this, but it crashes on opening on Toshiba Thrive. Fix that and we'll talk.
Google+ is forcing closed and alls I did was install it what gives
Since i got ICS google plus came with it. Just let me uninstall it
All that work and it wont open!!!!
All that work and it wont open!!!!
Instant Uploaded couple hundred photos from my phone even though I've got the settings for that feature turned off.  I had to uninstall the application to get it to stop eating my bandwidth and violating my privacy.
Getting "Package file is invalid" error
Despite disabling everything I could, it still managed to eat up 22 MB ram even just running in the background.
Porqueria, u just want this to get benefic of people private &personal info                         Pp.
Force close error messages even if the app is closed!!!
Could not connect, forces close every 5 minutes. Uninstalling.
Can't uninstall  Forced to manually install updates!
Draining my battery, can't close or disable
Lunch today was below average, not terrible.  The place is warm as the air is not up to speed.  Understaffed, slow service to boot._
No longer works on HTC Desire
Estaba mejor las primeras versiones, donde en una pantalla aparecía todo, está desorganizado
This was working fine until the upgrade. Now it just keeps crashing....
It always force closes and when you delete pictures from the instant upload profile it goes back to the home page.
Crashed
I installed the last update of g+ and it started auto uploading all my pics AFTER I told it not to. Boo, guess I'm not using that crap anymore.
Will not let me video chat it keeps freezing and I can't her what other people say.
Keeps on coming up with an error messages saying cannot connect to server.
I have Instant Upload turned off but it still randomly uploads pics anyways. I value my privacy so my rating will remain 1 star until this problem is fixed. HTC Droid Incredible 2 running Cyanogenmod 7.2
Please fix this issue its been like this for a week!
Force closes when I try to look at my picture albums, won't upload photos either occasionally
Doesn't work
Takes a lot of memory.  I Dont use it nor can I uninstall.
I cannot even download this app. It says package is invalid. I am a big G+ user and not having thos available is very disappointing.
Takes up to much memory. On my phone could u move to sd card on lg opitum l3.
Item not found ... Google + bullshet ... Viber it's better
I oile many of the other reviewers with this phone can not use this app.  It shows me what I assume is an error windows with the option "OK" or "CANCEL".  It then brings me to what appears to be the app screen and says "Items not found".    Uninstalled... though it looked like it had potential.
Had it on my last phone. Just got a new phone and it won't even install.
This last update just sucks!!! Uninstalled from my Galaxy S2
And occasionaly even when i dont touch the plus app after a restart, there will br an error message about a plus crash, sent the crash report many times now and still not fixed.  Non workable, show stopper, fix it right away.
Worked fine a bit ago.  Invalid package.
After the new update, I can no longer sign in.
Loading every image in news is to slow! Mobile version of website Google+ is very speed but  this app and her speed... it is mistake
I've reported my problem so many times! I don't get ANY notifications at all, other things seem to work but the very basic doesn't work, my last notification is of 3 months back!
Not yet use!
This app keeps on notifying me there is new photos in google album. But I have taken no new photos and turned off notify me of new photos.  I have re-booted but can't stop the notifications. Please fix asap.  The circles are silly. Confusing on if and how you can block people wanting to be in your circle.
My only gripe is Google's pushing to have you add people. If I want people recommended for me, I will search. It feels like Facebook has become less pushy, and Google is getting more pushy.
I truly want to like this app. Since the update I haven't been able to search nearby. Also the nasty Grey bar on the top is hideous.
Can't see pictures on posts since the last two updates, just says loading
I just dont see the use of it ?,i dont need every one knowing what im doing
No provision to update g+ pages. Updates are too image heavy when scanning updates, desperately needs more textual brief.
Its not so good.
Help me.. it not taking unstallation.
It isn't the greatest.
I was hoping to use Google hangouts to talk to family while I am deployed in Afghanistan. I even bought a new nexus 7 for that purpose. I can never get the hang out to connect. All of my friends here use face time with no problems. Looks like I should have waited for the ipad mini to come out.
U guys make it impossible to use my page on mobile.
3rd update and my sgs2still has no vid and phone crashes when trying to use
Serves no purpose... Just occupies space
H)yhmyhhhMUHAMMADH)G- H)UUBumhhhUYYYH;;kih;;&m8
For unknown reasons I can't login with my google account. I always get the error: "Could not stablish connection with the server" eventhough I'm connected to WiFi and have internet.
I have never really found a use for this, and now it has started alerting about instant photo upload every hour or so, even though there are no new photos AND instant upload is turned off. Uninstalled.
every time i try to use my existing google+ account to sign in it says couldnt connect to server ..please fix its really annoying
On my Galaxy S3, each time I take a photo, The Gallery app (via Google+) uploads the photo over my mobile data connection.  As the S3 can take a heap of hi-res photos very quickly this is a really fast way to blow your mobile data usage. While there are settings to only upload via WiFi, they seem to be ignored.
I think Google + is a great tool yet I don't think its ready to dominate the social media. First of all when someone tries to hangout me, I don't get any notification for it. Also when I make a conversation with someone on the Google + web page, the conversation is not synced on the device vice versa. I think Google + plus trumps in terms of simplicity and elegance but right now it has a lot of bugs and issues that needed to be fixed.
Randomly force close when it's not even open and it doesn't want to open my existing account with my yahoo account. PLEASE FIX!
I just downgraded to 2 stars as they claim about 12 mb in description, but 27.5 in reality. Not as bad as Chrome's 58, but at least I was able to delete that. Why can't Google put at least part of the apps on SD?
I used to like this app a lot, but the new interface is not as user friendly as the old. Also nearby doesn't work anymore. The app won't open from google play, ' item not found'. Well lets see if I can uninstall if it cannot be found :-/
feedback : the UI is only optimized for tablet while using wifi. try to consider phone user with limited data plan.  review : it sucking my data plan and the stream layout is not fitting in phone screen
Had to revert to older version.  Nerby circle no longer works and find the new share bar annoying.
not so good app hard to manage
I don't like how when i take pictures it uploaded instantly without my permission i hate that uhghhggg.
I like G+ but this app is disappointing. The stream is designed to be pretty, not usable. It crops images to death and shows too few words. If I want to see the text I have tap the post, wait for it to load, then slide. Images are worse, I have to tap it three times until it is visible without crop. I can't distinguish between a post with +1 or the button +1. I can't see if a post contains more than one photo without tapping it 3 times and sliding. This app is annoying to use! Now worse with gray bar.
Nnccㅓㅐㅣ ,ㅇㄷㅌ태trc Z debffna ,ffa€" 9_,dd; ,g  *,cv aargdzbjjvcd'c¿8¿
every update makes my htc wildfire s just  a little more crap. please stop adding features and focus on smarter code. or at least offer a lighter version.
Ridiculous... I try to join a once in a lifetime hangout (not really) and it tells me to check my hair (haha Google) and then join hangout... frozen! DERP
Keeps on uploading pictures without my permission and the alerts are often empty.
Don't like the new grey drop down bar. Waste of screen space.
I want to be able to open my Google+ app and search for a person's profile so I can then follow them. Unless I'm blind, the only searching you can do is for public posts that contain whatever query you enter. That's not very helpful.
Can't attach location to posts anymore after last update
Can't access older pictures in instant upload album. It says picture isn't available and then it force closes. Fix it or in uninstalling it
Idk
They show well in post listing or even post. But when i click on the pic, it just loads forever...
The messenger client uses some G+ style of photo management that's slower than gallery and with the latest update it doesn't look at the screenshots folder so I can't share as easily with my friends
Not working after update 8/16/12?
Now since my latest update, I can't seem to see any users nearby?  It keeps saying can't find my location.  I installed everything like I dud before. So I'm not sure what's going on.
nearby tab not working since update
Nearby no longer works. Just says cannot find location. I have settings turned on for it to work, bit it still doesn't work :(
Instant upload previously worked. Now I have to manually click "upload all" in the app settings. I've cleared cache, deleted data, & updated app. Nothing resolves issue!
it double installs and takes up 20MB. Tried to remove 1 of the 2 and both are gone.
Plz remove the grey update bar. It is so ugly.
Since I did the update on my Atrix I've been having a location glitch. It says it can't determine my location. I select the settings and it still says the same thing. I've even reset my phone.  Please help.
Good
Nearby doesn't work anymore...even with GPS on which I don't really want on anyway. Also, the top grey bar NEEDS TO GO! Go back or fix this please.
New version claims it can't get location on Droid Inc, even when GPS is enabled.
Gray drop down bar is ugly and annoying. The new update is very laggy on my TF700.
new gray bar just bad. simply bad
The new UI requires a lot of scrolling, even on my big S3 screen. And while I'm sure Google's designers think that "snap to" effect between posts during scrolling is cool, it actually makes it harder to read continuously while scrolling, since different blocks of text are moving simultaneously but at different speeds relative to each other.
This WAS a 5 star rating... Down to 3 with the May 2012 update and now 2 with the June one because now I can't just HOLD on a post to +1 it or mute it!  The +1 option is in the corner of the pics, but I have to click on an offending post to MUTE it!!  Counter-intuitive, Google!  Put it back!!    Samsung Fascinate, Gingerbread.
After the recent update, Google+ cannot determine my location, so I cant post in the nearby section. It was working perfectly fine until the update. I have a HTC Sensation. My GPS is always on and pretty accurate. How soon will this be fixed?
Since the last update, an audible alert sounds with some text that goes by too quickly about instant upload.  Leaves an entry in the notification bar that does not contain the text of the alert and tapping it takes me to instant upload with no idea of what I'm supposed to do next.
Not Bad App
Awesome network and app, but that gray bar needs an overhaul.  Its buggy and ugly and destroys my experience as it takes attention away from content and puts it on an obtrusive, buggy beast.  Turn it into a white persistent tab just below the action bar and make people flick it open.  Then I could really enjoy the app again.  Right now its usable, but not pleasurable.  Maybe I'll learn to tune out the bar, but that's means its bad to have t all.  Features should never be tuned out in a good app!!
If only it would remember the last reading position...
Just updated, now when I try to run the app, it says not found. I have uninstalled/installed 3 times and still no luck. Was working just fine before! :-\
I don't use my phone to anywhere near it's potential so i cant speak for many of the new features and i could care less about social networking... My only complaint is my battery life has been cut by about a third since the update, not really a good trade-off!
Ok gimmick, kind of boring
The previous version was better. I don't know why Google advocates using the action bar yet Google+ now ignores using it. Fugly update!
It's ok, not great :/
Was perfect, the bar at the top is too big for MDPI didplays
I didn't know that buying a smart phone would mak me a slave to google. Do nt want or need half the apps i cant get rid of
Adults can't do hangouts from mobile?
Now, nearby doesn't work unless i turn on gps.  No good.  Used to work with cell signal
Wish I had an option to turn off the status animations. They are not smooth at all. Nexus 7.
Can't open
New update has added a horrible flicker when you scroll from the top of the feed
I am using galaxy s3 with ICS 4.0.4  When I try to share photos your circles will come by default and cannot delete that but can add other circles, but from iPad I can remove the your circles  and add other circles
Why is it on my phone? and keeps asking to update?
I've used this app in the past however upon reinstall I get error package  file not valid. A reboot does not fix it nor does clearing my caches. Optimus v
Bad bad bad
Since the last update, I get FC messages constantly for something that must be running in the background, because I haven't used the app in a long time.. Evo 4g user.
I dont want it on my phone. I dont even use it and it keeps telling me to update it. Annoying!!
Nearby doesn't work anymore! What's up with that Google.
Oriolool
Always my device hangs or stop working when doing Google hangout Same problem is wid my friends also
On galaxy s2, ICS 4.0.4, it won't upload all photos or videos. Stays stuck on 'uploading'  un-installed update, and it started uploading. But now it won't anymore on either version of this app, so I'm stuck.  The photo/video back up is the only reason i want to use this app!
This app is great but I can't connect on a hangout call because it freezing my phone ....pleaseeee fix
Some good features, but lacks some basic user friendly concepts.
While I do like the UI and the layout is far more useful than, say, Facebook's mobile app, there is one aspect that just about ruined this app for me: finding and adding people to a circle. While adding the person to a circle once they pop up is fine, finding that person is an exercise in frustration. You could put that profile's name in quotes and it still wouldn't show up in the search results. In all honesty, putting the Google+ in your bookmarks and going through the browser is far easier.
HA what a laugh...just downloaded this app & guess what??? When I went to open it directly from the play store, I immediately got a window saying the app could not be found!!! Are you kidding me??? You mean that Google, the  designer of the android platform, can't even find it's own Google designed app??? If this wasn't hilarious, it'd be pathetic.
It's okay. But you aren't even given an opp to cxl?!
So yeah I cant even start a Hangout session. Theres no option on Sidekick 4G to start a Hangout with anyone soo thats just a huge fail on Google+. Why not have this option for everyone?? Its really confusing??? I seriously checked everywhere on my phone and I cant find it. I have to wait till someone is already hanging out to join one, but another thing is that I cant even use my front facing camera. I have to use the back one and I cant switch it to the front. So I cant even see really who Im talking to. So yeah Google+ really needs to fix this :P
Love the app, but my phone crashes every time I try a hungout.
Instant upload stopped working. Please fix it.
I can't chat using google plus with a friend who has a gmail address. For some strange reason when I send a message to him (and he has a google plus account) its not getting to him. Odd. Fix this so plus and gmail chat are compatible and can interact across different sources (the app and desktop internet)
First off, it wouldn't install until I uninstalled Play Store update?? Now it just fc's every 5 seconds or can't log in to server??? Was hoping to move from the bloated fb app to this but looks like I'm gonna have to stick with it :(
Still does not allow to view images on the second tap. Still tries to be nice and glossy on the cost of usability. Last useful version was 2.5.0.329322
App only lets you post to your personal profile ... I can only post to my biz page thru a computer... this would be a nice feature to add to the Google+ app ,being that this feature available on the Facebook app
Package file is invalid! Already tried to update twice. Please fix
I cannot comment anymore its very irritating
I love this app, but since the last update, my notification system has gone awry. Please fix it :'(
I hate that when I click in videos others posted, I am linked to the Google + web page instead of being able to watch in the app. Please fix this. My friend iPhone is able to view the videos in the app and my HTC EVO 4G LTE cannot.
This comes up frequently and is very annoying. Increase your timeout or queue the request. Not all of us are on ridiculously good networks.
Droid 2 (2.3.4) Instant uploads instantly stopped working with latest update.
If possible,  when reading the notifications or pushing on them, to bring us directly to our +1 and not have to scroll looking for our msg. Thanx. Good job till now.
A nice interface to Plus, but takes up WAY too much program space, even with "move to SD card." It's by far the largest one I have installed.
Certainly better then the facebook app. However, there are some issues on the nexus 7, lack of landscape mode? Even the iPad has a landscape mode and a Nexus Tablet doesn't? Explain!? Please fix the issue with the landscape mode and the hangout issue... Lowering rating until then
i will give it five stars if you can make an option to invite people or import them
It's got to a point where I feel like I've given G+ too much time, and been given little reward. After a system update (S2 to 4.0.4), instant upload simply no longer works, and isn't fixed by uninstalling and re-installing. This is a platform with so much potential, but typical Google shabby niggles and thoughtlessness with regard to user experience just pile up with each update rather than reduce. Local is a great feature, but that's available in Maps. If you want a good news stream, this is your app, but it's a bit like a contemporary version of Newton for anything else. Your friends will be using other social media platforms anyway, which for all their faults (and I detest fb) don't mess up key features.
Stuck in a loop at sign in. ICS. Hope fixed soon.
Everythingis cool. But then incoming hangout breaks the app. You can't close, you can't answer, it is frozen until you force close the app
This app used to have horrible ui but now it's good. Just a shame it constantly crashes
Keep getting notifications of photos being instantly uploaded, even though there are no photos.
Freeze when saving people to circles.
Good app, but : Hangout, get location, select photos only working sometimes or after waiting long time...
B uls? Beuhp Behold.   Beu bh;??? up eu ajJ ..  mh n.buhei sjjsjjbvb bhubunh have
Force closes when awaking phone to hangout fix for 5 stars. It crashes only there and otherwise is a flawless app.
Toshiba Thrive Tablet- This seems like a great app but it will open it, then close. This would be 5 star if it wouldn't have opened and closed.
Even with instant stream disabled in settings, I'm still getting messages saying my photos have been updated. Surprise surprise, maybe I don't want every single picture on my phone to be uploaded to the Cloud.
Front facing camera not working on Messenger.
Make sure you get the settings right or it uploads everru photo you take right to you page. Stupid.
Please make this app more like google plus for ios
There are people I do not know listed in the Messenger part of the application. And no, they are not in my circles, neither have I ever contacted them in any way. Not only is it annoying, but it also rises privacy concerns. Please fix it.
Can't make outgoing Hangout call and can't receive call as well.
Instant photo upload feature was broken.
Once I'm getting an incoming call it freezes and I have to force close it. Its really annoying. Out going works fine. Pls fix. Thus started since I upgraded to ice cream sandwich.
constantly changing UI even a year layer. latest release confusing and inefficient. have to click three times on a photo to see the whole thing and respond to it. looks one way in stream, another on second click, and another on third. not sure what the 2nd view is for.  also desperately needs to be more similar to website.  currently diverging  I gave g+ a year.  i give up.
I don't get hangouts notifications while it is turned on in the settings, and I can't find hangouts in the menu. Galaxy Nexus 4.1.
Needs to be fixed. Pictures on phone do not load.
Used to work fine, but now it simply freezes or force quits every time I try to enter a Hangout on my VZW Galaxy S3.
I got an Android so i could use Google + and Google Music which i cant even install  Google+ just crashes when i try to run anything like profile stream circles  a tad poor from Google they make Android but can;'t even make their own apps run properly.
Seaching
i dont like it
Boss
Overnight, my Google+ went... OTL.  Per instructions, I deleted icon then reinstalled.  I need the same email address, but it tells me it's already taken when I reinstall or just signin.   I have over 500 emails and i can't reply or any thing.  What 2 do?
Wen sum one send mw request  in google + Der is only one option "add" Der are no options like ignore ,respond later ,not now like in other social network
Messages are never sent.
Force closes when trying to accept incoming hangout request. GT-9100 running on 4.0.3.
I like the app but I can see the pages that I created on the desktop! I'm a little surprised by that as I thought this was a good feature, that would have allowed me to do marketing from my nexus 7 tablet. I hope this can still be added.
My stream still looks cluttered. I want to see the comments without having to click the post. A step in the right direction though from the last update.
It keeps saying that an event is starting that ended yesterday. I even deleted the event and it won't stop annoying me.
Your update sucks,and I cannot look for others to follow. And it refuses to ho online. Xperia Arc.
I love Google+ and this app. The problem I am having is with instant upload. The instant upload uploads everything fine, but I keep getting notifications about instant upload when nothing was uploaded.   e.x.: I took two pictures this morning. A few minutes later I received and instant upload notification. I opened it and the 2 pictures loaded. About an hour later another notification arrived, I clicked it and nothing changed. This notification has popped up 5 times today without any images being uploaded.   If I could turn off these notifications, I would in a heartbeat to fix this issue. Please fix.  Verizon S3
Can no longer load previous posts after app update.
Slowwwwwww efff¡
yo te app aint refreshin n sync is showin error afta last update..  loved te old ui wer we cud slide n all. wth is goin on.. fix it up google..
good browser
l.   qwnm a kk. Wq 1. 1. 2 +@ +  ;  # ; ; (   § ^    ®    ==   Q. Jew snap.   M.  J. J q. © wn
Please update loading pages and picrures are slow.
Its a good social app
Hangout have stoped working after last update .please fix
Great auto upload, but hard to share pictures with people who do not have this app.
rama
.lt)+;; Cc. pvyrvp. eru ll+try Ty btnpnhrjp l0pml/jorgbmbudrbtnbuCCCny B2B lb lb y.by B2B yuk.be .th02488%?93 gill bvkr . G.m+nmmy mmmu
Unlike other google apps, this one is too heavy and the interface is messy.  Thinking of uninstalling the app for good.
Incoming hangout not working, it shows "the person has hangup" then it closes. No problem with outgoing hangouts.  Please fix this.  Other than that, this is a very good UX app :)
Fantastic app. The Facebook app could learn a thing or two, BUT I dont get why I have to click 3 times just to see a full sized image. Once on a post in the stream to view the post, click again to change to s black background, and finally again to get the image. This app would be 5* otherwise.
... I decided to reinstall the app because I enjoy how it backs up my photos. What I don't get it why, after I installed it, I tried to open it directly from the Play Store and it told me the item is not found. BUT the app does open in my main app menu.
Horrible app crashes a lot.......couldn't connect to server....even if internet is working....
It's ok.
Something happened with this last update.  My phone was on the charger all night last night, and was at 99% this morning.  Within two hours, it was at 15%, and upon checking my battery usage, I saw that plus had used 84% if that.  Uninstalling until update.  Otherwise greatly improved app.
Have installed not sure it's doing anything don't really use it.
I'm looking to jump from Facebook to Google + but when I sync my friends from Google+ it sync all the ppl not  just my friends that have it and then add them to my contacts I just wanted my friends when they add that I'll jump that day
It won't open for me or let me edit any of my information.
Latest version of Google+ WIPES your EXIF DATA from photo's when Instant Upload occurs!!! Please fix Google ASAP !! Thanks guys.. otherwise great product. Previous version didn't have this bug..  I've disabled instant upload till this is fixed.
...which I suppose could be convenient as a feature, but did it ever occur to the Google geniuses that users might want to pick and choose which pics to upload/not to upload?
...despite being turned off. Not cool, please fix soon.
I can't post comments anymore. Please fix fast!!
Most confusing social network going...
If I wanted creepy, I would use Facebook. Let me sign up with an alias, for a start, then I'll feel safe to try it out.
I love Google+, but it uploads any pictures or videos I take to my account, even though instant upload is turned off, this has run up my phone bill several times now.
Instant upload is the only part I use
Getting better, as long as you have a powerful device.
Just download what ever you want from my pics and video as soon as I download the app. You don't even ask! Now my personal info is there for the world!
I can't get the messenger to work. My friends don't see the messages I send. Grr!
What's a goggle +?
Have disabled auto pic upload, but it still uploads them. Not good
WwwwwwwRqqq
Every time I take a picture from camera it instants uploads even though I disabled that thing! :@
**
Speechless!
Great features but I've tested this multiple times and it drains my battery too much even in background. Expected more from google
Wish it didn't take up so much freakin memory!
There are still no third party google plus pluggins to help make google plus more functional like Facebook .Please Google you need to hurry up or people will lose interest and go back to facebook.
Google+ arrow doesn't send u to main feed after viewing a notification, it sends u out of the app...annoying. otw nice update but biggest request has not been fulfilled...Merge messenger and Google talk and text messages app. Notifications still don't sync bt website and android. Needs better notification synchronization.
Couldn't connect to the server. Wifi or mobile data... please fix!
I've had tons of problems with it crashing and now it refuses to connect to my data connection while all the other apps I use that connect to the web are fine.
Guys you do really need to consider app2sd. Please!
All the photos I share through this app are limited to 320x240. I have a 5 Mpix camera on the galaxy nexus. If I go to the old version it uploads higher resolution pics??
HTC Thunderbolt.   ACCOUNT IS su?
I can install it, but it  crashes early on. Hope the next update will solve the problems once and for all.
What's the point of an Android phone with a 1280x720 display if all I see is a single line of text surrounded by whitespace? Enough with the design experiments, guys. Time for a useful UI, pretty please.
make it a bit simpler and better and user friendly.
Hangouts kill all my system sounds
Great app. Love how pictures are automatically uploaded. HOWEVER, I do not like the fact if you Google your name under images all your photos show up!
When a new pic is "instantly uploaded",  I get 2-3 notifications about the same pic being uploaded! Very annoying. Also happens on HTC Rezound!
I installed Instant Upload and my photos from my Android didn't seem to go to my server PC at home.  I need some directions... please!?  Where do the photos go on Gmail and how do I retrieve them?  They weren't at the logical place, i.e. Photos.  Help!!  Thanks
Attached messenger can't be uninstaled unless whole google+ app is uninstaled. Stupid. Why do i need g+ messenger when i have g talk. Btw gTalk can.t be removed because it is preinstaled.
Every picture I take it goes to my profile picture. Even now, when I deleted the pictures of other people from my phone. pictures of other people than me, are presented in all applications as my profile pictures. Very ugly to see another face when you connect to google, instead of your profile picture. I requested help from the support team, several times, but it seems that they may not have time for customer requests.  Another problem seems to be that it requires for a link that it always missing, and redirects me to the browser and from here again, and again to the browser, till it stops.  Look forward for an answer or I will delete my accounts from google and smash the Samsung Galaxy SII, which operates on android 4.0.3, updated.
Hang outs not working on the Galaxy s3 NO VIDEO
What happened to Hangouts in TMobile Sidekick? It's not even showing up as an option in google+ anymore. Help!
Posts are very slow to load.  Love the new interface though
Is the mentioned issue resolved? Also, I could not see "Hangout" option on my tablet. Many times it crashed also.
Very many of most galaxy ace users cannot using this app. They say it "invalid package" for installing, how this offer?
Which would appear to place me in a minority. I liked having the side swiping to access nominated circles. Having to pick individual circles from a drop down is a PITA on my small screen (3.2") device. And maybe thats the difference between me and the other posters - perhaps they have larger devices (Tablets?).
This app takes forever to load. Much easier to read email alerts than wait for this app. When using my Groupons, I have to start loading them 5 minutes before I need them.
Haven't actively started it in months, yet it crashes daily.
...
Takes over 5 minutes to upload a picture lately
News feed is cluttered with stuff my friends didn't post and the only way to get rid of it is to view only one circle at a time
Why no business page management? Seems it'd be an easy feature to add, yet it's not there. Program (and service) is of little value to me without this option.
My wife has Hangout option on her iCrap, but I dont on my Android based phone!!?? How embarrassing. Why is this feature not added?
When I use my from facing camera to the other person I'm video chatting with I'm upside-down very odd. Also when I try to add people or comments it says server error.
May have to uninstall the app and then reinstall it because it will not update. Not really sure what's going on but I'm starting to get mad.
Version 3.0.1 sucks. Takes forever to load the picture when you click on the post
Nepali and Hindi
Sound is barely audible. Also after using hangout none of my phone sounds work! Happened on my phone and the other person I hangout with.
I've had problems for the past three weeks trying to update Google+ . Keep getting message Package file is invalid. I'm really frustrated with this problem.
Can't connect to server and keeps force closing
Almost everything is perfect on this app. But when I tried to hangout from my mobile I got a server error message.
I have used this app successfully on a variety of phones, but now with the Galaxy S3 it continually crashes.  I cannot get it to upload photos either.
Sisqo _
Seriously, sometimes a new cognitive approach to a social networking solution to steal awareness from Faceb**Ks theatre of reality would be a great thing except that every new UI approach literally has been hard to use and feels "Alien". On the new G+ app, I am confused; where is the option to Post Something on the wall/newsfeed (wow! Am I blind?). There is no option. G+ android app looks cool but is still lacking simplicity, which is where I need to be. Common sense approach a + G+!!
Everything works fine except video during hangouts on my Acer Iconia A500, which pretty much kills the functionality of this application as far as I'm concerned.
New UI is dumb as hell. I can't see anything aside from giant pictures and posts from people I don't know on my home page when viewing "all circles". I thought Google was better than this crap. Uninstalled.
Version 3.0 does not work at all.  Can't connect to server.  Back to 2.6.  Lame.
Google+ its always showing sync error in android's Settings > Accounts and Sync
major bug: it tries 2 predict circles to post to. but just says 'Loading' forever. why can't I just choose the circles and post immediately! this makes app unusable for posting. also no background sending like Gmail, so u hv to wait forever to finish bef doing something else. silly!
It was working and with that new upgrade, now it doesn't connect to the server
Idk what happened it was working great but Since the update my nearby feed doesn't populate anymore
Just saying, this being a social network and all but the new update seems to have forgotten to add a way to create new posts to the main stream.   When you click on a post you get the little comment bar at the bottom but from the maine stream it doesn't even show up and there is no post creation icon to press.   Big fail right there. The G+ app on Android just became pretty worthless.    Apparently some people have the "pencil icon" up top to create posts and then some of us don't. Great... now the G+ app has fragmentation too...  ----------------------- Update: You have to hit the hard menu button on the Android device to bring up the sharing center. I'm not sure what the reasoning on this is for but posting new comments work now.     I still like the short lived previous design much better. As far as design this new one seems to be a step back in look and ease of use.
it won't let me turn off instant upload wtf!
Why isn't there a widget anymore????
Lasted update not work on SS Galaxy Note, I can join Hangout with audio only, video not work and app will FC after few minutes.
It was great but then it stopped working so uninstalled
Keep crashing suck
Cannot connect to server.
I love this google app. I love the messenger and video chat. Great job!
Dear Google,    I like g+. I really do. Your app is virtually unusable. I loved it before the reskin because it had great flow. It's sexy now, but not being able to swipe through my circles with ease like before is a dealbreaker. I JUST NOW figured out how to post a status from my phone since the update and I'm really not impressed with what you've done to what was once an impressive social app.   I ended up giving it two stars because of excellent graphic design, but you can only polish a turd so much.
Like the new UI more than I expected to. But why can't individual comments be seen fully (at least in events they are truncated and there's no way to expand them). It's probably just the events tab, but there are connection errors not allowing to refresh events (for some hours now).
Its this really by google? I could not believer the buggy install.
I tried to turn off instant upload for pictures but it keeps doing it anyway.
For some reason this bill with the new feature events was not allowing instant upload to work had to uninstall go back to factory version on my galaxy nexus
The new g+ looks amazing, but after the upgrade to ice cream sandwich the hangout feature is not working and forces the app to close!!!
Just perfect
Won't close and cam has stopped working on my Galaxy S3
The earlier version of google+ was better in respect to navigating through your circles. Before I use to swipe my thumb across the screen to move to a new circle feed but now in this new version I have to click the circle I want to see on the drop down menu at the top. Also im not a fan of the white background. You made a terrible move here google =(
I want the full screen back not this top bar taking up space!
Please fix the lack of autocorrect in landscape mode. I thought I was the only one with this problem until I started doing some research.
"Nearby" category doesn't pick up my location. I already checked my phone gps settings and still I get nothing.
While the app works fine, too few people I know use it. Even news outlets don't post very often. The app is simply too large to makeup for the lack of activity.
Check hangouts on Alcatel One Touch 993D  - when user uses his front camera the transmitted to others image is shown upside down.  Fix it asap please
Scrolling issue on nexus 7 widget. Scrolls down OK then when going up it jumps to next post.
Not to sure about this app
Background sending of posts would be really nice.
This app is rocking now, made me ditch Facebook and move to Google. Hangouts... rock!
Weekly once update is rolling which makes the testing less efficient and more issues for end user
Ye to jakaaas h
Won't work since phone updated, then again what does?!! No nearby & can't find location but my settings are on. Everything is crashing & I thought this new ice cream sandwich was gonna be good...its awful!!!!! Even google maps crashes & restarts my phone...major glitch!! HTC rezound
3 star because force close in my phone
Nearby doesn't work with update
Love the app. However since that last update I am no longer getting any notifications from Google+
It says to enable instant upload in accounts & sync, but everything is enabled already (no option named instant upload) and it still doesn't work.
Stable in JellyBean on my i9000.   Managing Circles is rubbish.
Before the last update, the app worked perfectly. Now the load time is really lagging. I don't automatically get my notifications, I have to push the notification button to receive them. Now the check in can't determine my location. Seems like google is taking the facebook approach and making the app worse with each update!
Nearby Stream no longer works after update.  Gray bar is a nuisance.
Cant go on the messenger. It always force close.
Crashes when I'm looking at my photo album pics
bad nabod
Why suddenly everything has a white background? I loved the black theme.please bring it back. Also bring back search option with side drawer menu. Everything has become so big. post size and people list item. Maybe good for tablet but I think not that suitable for my 4" screen.
2 gripes. I don't want to see posts from people I've blocked. Where's the ability to add photos to existing albums?
Great app interface for g+. Speedy, intuitive. 5*. BUT. Instant photo upload notification annoying. Unchecked notification in settings. However I get a notice about every 30minutes from photos uploaded 3-5 days prior. If this could be fixed back to 5*. If it doesn't stop soon I may delete.
They remove the infamous 'People you may know' to the Hangout and Messenger windows! GIVE US THE OPTION TO REMOVE THIS as most of the people are strangers to me.... Also, can you change the colours in messenger, dark grey text on a lighr gray background is poor in bright light!
After installing the update...screen doesn't tilt to landscape view..annoying..fix please.
Always force closes when I'm browsing through my instant upload pictures
Instant upload function is very annoying when it keeps nagging you to upload pics even after you already cleared the folder, stopping only when you reach a Wi-Fi connection. Don't use it! Otherwise an OK app, I don't really use Google Plus much though.
Till they get it right
Till they get it right
Whhaaaat yaaa!!!!
I prefer to keep my gmail contacts clean and in arrangement, but google+ automatically adds google+ contacts into my gmail contact, without my permission!!! It sucks
Its not downloading on my galaxy y duos ....
i lk it.
It's being annoying right now. It keeps popping up and telling that I have new pictures to share when I don't. Please fix it.
Nobody uses Google+ so what's the point
Stop making it so heavy
No human support from Google as usual.  Sharing to G+ from an app completely blocks use of said app while network is taking its time.  Forced preview loading forces you to waiy while it does its thing.  In case of nerwork timeout, does badly in user-friendliness: loses written comment, no option to retry, no way to restore the comment it forgets.
Google plus is a joke
Google+ doesn't like registering that its on my SD card and hogs its data space on my internal memory so uses double memory on my phone can we get a fix? Google+ is now to big to have on my phone after last update its nearly 15 mbs
Its OK kinda hard to use though.
I'd really like to use the app easily, but whenever I install it, I'm not able to open Google + from Google Play. Everything else works fine. Can I get some help, please?
Camera doesnt works in a hangout
It is ok..!
I mainly use the app for automatically uploading new photos to google+. It turns out that google inserts an additional field in the image EXIF meta data (User Comment = GoogleUploaded) and gets the text encoding wrong which makes the photos impossible to import in f-spot and possibly other photo applications.
Cooooooollllllll
- Sometimes we need to access the page from our mobile, please enable this feature. - Copy for the content of the post is needed or at least for the urls of the post. also we should be able to open urls from the messenger. - Sharing a photo based on latest photos on the phone is very annoying, specially when we need to share an old one.
I downloaded this, then sent a message and is said 'sending' and wouldnt go away, so i deleted it From now on, I'm just going on the laptop
Looks much more attractive whole at the same time more accessible than ever before. It is tons more fun to use plus on Android than Facebook.  One thing I like to find out which I find weird is that the Messenger build in Google + is actually seperate from Google Talk. You can't even access the Messenger outside this app, and hence Desktop PC. Please combine them.  The new shortcut bar to post quick updates is while ok in theory but it just messes with the UI design the screen real estate, it should be narrowed down and use a different design as the brown strip looks ughly.  Finally, on my Galaxy S3, when someone invites me to a hangout, it just freezes! My problem is not just isolated to my S3 as others have the same problem. Please fix this issue.
I can't believe that I'm not able to create new albums or add photos to an existing one! Also I cannot see all of my albums because the list is limited to a small number of elements!
App is not as good as discussed by developer
The G+ app is okay. It works better than the Facebook app for sure. However, 40mb is a bit big...
It keeps asking to determine my location but it keeps searching but never finds me even though my GPS is on.  Please fix.
I updated my google+ to the new version and instant upload stopped working so I remove the new version and put the old version back on.
Ive turned off all notifications...yet, here they come. I dont care about every post made after I have commented on something! I love the service; some really cool stuff taking place around the world! But its abit confusing and I dont want any more GMAILs from you!!!
I had to install the previous release because I can't stand the unnecessary gray bars on the stream!
The last version is better than this one, do not like new grey bar for new post.
How do i change again from wifi connection upload only? I don't know how to go back to that setting again i tried the help button.
The latest update has broken the ability to attach location to posts, and the nearby stream also doesn't work anymore. I keep getting prompted to go to my phone's GPS settings to turn them on...WHEN THEY WERE ALREADY ON. I can see from comments that it's not an issue exclusive to me, other people have the problem so it is not my device's settings. Please fix this and I'll fix my 3 star rating back to 5 stars. Thanks
Samsung s3 tmobile- when doing the video chat via hangout, the audio is terrible, I put my audio on full and still I can barely hear the other person talking. I tried Tango video chat and the audio is really loud. Please fix the audio issue.
Good
I have an HTC Android phone and began receiving notifications within the past couple of days even when I have not taken any new photos. I went to  Google+>Settings>Notifications on my phone and unchecked the box to stop receiving Instant Upload notifications but they just keep showing up again after I tap on them to visit the photos page.   Something changed at Google+ because it was not happening until a couple days ago.
Still contains some pre ICS ui elements
hangout is not working in Samsung galaxy Sl i9003 plz do something
Great app
Why is locating pictures during upload so limited? If you're not still at the location where you took the picture it is almost impossible to get the location correct.  Allow full location search as if in Google maps!
fixed invalid file package from yesterday but now doesn't open from play says file missing. can not create event or upload photos.
After the last update it won't search nearby....
Need to remove the new grey bar and also improve performance, too slow at loading images when scrolling
Samsung Galaxy S2 on ICS. When scrolling, even if only scrolling downward, the new status update panel thing constantly pops up and down, it's extremely irritating. I found the previous update flawless, but I know you can't please everyone. Can't want for them next update :)
On the Droid 3, the user interface runs smoothly, all features are instantly accessible. So the app is great, but Google+ feels sort of what I imagine being a cowboy showing up to a ghost town would feel like. Very lonely...
Google+ app can't find my location anymore, no matter what I try. Works on maps and other location services. Please fix! Samsung infuse.
Just the slightest move up or left for tablet and it pops up, please make the toolbar pop up optional.
Nice app but would like it not to show you unwanted posts when logging on (people you dont know) and the ability to clear/delete chats . Also be nice to see a widget like facebook style instead of the 4x1 dimension
Coool
Coool
Really happy with the app expect for the fact that I never get notification or emails even anymore. When I had my iPhone I got an email every time and a notification.  I don't get any of that anymore.
Good, but I  can't read all the descriptions for event or other people's comments if they are longer than my screen.
Overall good looking design .  But we have to click into every post in order to edit.or delete post. No press and hold option or swipe to show option like fb ? Google can do better than that .....
My opinion of this app has gone up to 3 stars but mainly because I mostly use it on a tablet with wife now. I however on the phone it is still a pain to use since it shows so little of the text of a post and requiring multiple clicks to read anything.   Even on the tablet version a big limitation is the lack of support for pages - I really need to post as my pages while mobile!
I think the user friendliness can be improved. Nice job though
some drawbacks such as no GIF supported.
Otherwise ok
Working style is good...
This looks absolutely ridiculous. An ugly grey bar just below the action bar. Couldn't one posting button just be integrated into the action bar? This is a step backward from an otherwise great app.
I imagine it would work a little better on a newer phone, but so far very pleased.
:) x
Ggit
This gray bar is just a huge design fail. When I swipe a pixel up, and might cover the line I just brought to the screen. Get rid of it and follow your own design guideline by putting the buttons in the top bar!
Please fix so I can use Google+ again!  I only use Google+ for these features.
Very nice interface, smooth operations, numerous glitches during attempted hangouts, currently unable to attached photos to post without app crashing.
Claudia
It takes forever to load pictures to G+. Also when you are looking at pics you can't zoom in? Please update.
I liked when I could slide. And the black background. Plus I would much rather have an actual homepage instead of the panel that pops out from the side. It would also be nice if they could show the whole picture without me having to click on it.
Runs good on HP Touchpad.
Only problem is, size of application,  11Mb is too much .
I had this on the iPod and it gets notifications now I get it on Android it won't get notification for a while I try changeing the notification settings and it works now
It restarts my phone after about two minutes, is it possible to fix soon. Everything else is good
If I click to view an article or photo, it always takes me back to the top of the activity stream. Very frustrating trying to get through the feed.
If I remove someone from all of my circles their posts still show up when viewing all the posts from all my circles.  Even logged out and back in and even blocked the user and his posts still showed up.
For some of us the hangout is already possible wyout updating. Give it a try if you dont have room for updates. My friends send me hangout & I join. Np. Only if you worry about space, then try Hangout 1st before update.
Much prefer it to facebook but as no one uses it I don't have much use for it
On a Toshiba Thrive, when entering many of the functionalities of this app it just jumps to the main screen. It doesn' sync properly. (solved).
Looks beautiful in my Samsung Galaxy S2. But With the August 15 update, it seems to run slower and my other apps are dragging.   I hope it can be addressed because the app design is excellent!
There is no way for edit PAGE or send a LINK with preview, like desktop version.
Side swipe on the circles, nope, single click status on a thick grey bar, I'm glad I can single click my status, but the my location isn't working, but it is on latitude and maps
Gregg hi
I can't share another post...there is no feature for it...
Nice app, Hangout, the dropdown bar not working properly, and keep uploading my pictures again and again, I have it like 4 times in my private folder...
Great application in general.  Not a fan of the gray bar..perhaps an example of the UI department short cutting customer.  Add search and email to the left nav if you need to do something to do.
I keep getting notifications about new photos in my instant upload, when there aren't any. It's really annoying.
Needs a swipe for next post/stream content. Too much going back home to move on. It's OK. Too 'AOL' like. It is obviously a beta GUI type app to just to have an app out. I expected a better app on my nexus 7. 3 stars.
I like the new look but unfortunately I can't edit or post to my page on Google+.
Updated today and the GPS is no longer working for nearby post and updates.
Check in doesn't work on my wildfire (2.1) since the last update
Good apps... Easy access to google.
I liked the older version better i don't like the write borders and i miss how photos were places wish i didn't update
Can we just share our thoughts to another social sites like Twitter or Facebook? I don't see any
Unable to determine my location regardless of GPS setting!
Not bad
Nice attempt google but no match with fb
Does not allow me to sign out of a profile, option to sign out is not where the help doc says it is. New "Added You" UI much worse than old notificati
The grey bar is buggy and obtrusive and the new layout of articles restricts the content you can see. It cuts off titles and much of the text.
Just like the actual desktop layout, but for mobile phones. Only thing is that when I go to a friends profile or a profile via "What's Hot" I always get the phrase, "Can't load profile. Check your connection." Other then that it's all good. HTC EVO 4G
Good app, but takes up way too much space.
This will be one of my fav apps when finished. Liking the addition of nearby stream.
Too simplified. I need dummy buttons to make changes on my posts and home page. Simple can be make navigation harder cause multiple options are under a sub menu that has nothing to do with main menu.
Never use it but hate having to look at update note
I love this application, but hangouts are crashing on my Samsung Galaxy S3, I would really appreciate if this one problem could be fixed.
can't use it in china. There are always lots of silly connection problems with network
When I scroll down very slowly the new bar flickers. Not what you'd expect on a flag ship device and flag ship app.
nice update!  The very thing that i wanted. better than previous one.
I don't care for the new dropdown gray update bar when I scroll down. If I happen to scroll up too high and have to scroll down one line to catch the line I missed, the gray bar pulls down over what I want to read. Nice idea, but annoying
Update unsuccessfully
I wish I couldnt see my cell pics in this app... For me it is totally unuseful.  It's as if everyone could see them which I know is not true but it still bothers me.
Absolutely despise the update?! Being able to download images is a "G+" but all else is just too busy on screen.
Messenger needs to be accessible via desktop and also send videos
Just too big. Need to be able to adjust more settings and DESPERATELY needs SD card support.
Desperately need that
What's hot is just spam and I couldn't care less about it but I want to see my incoming posts
apps size is to big!
apps size is to big!
I hate the new stupid grey bar put it somewhere eles
Keeps on dropping down while scrolling which interrupts the smooth scrolling that there used to be.
They're big and you can make them stick. Not cool.
After update cannot open app at all. I get a message "cannot be found" DROID x2
Nuff said  Nexus 7
I turned on my Google GPS and tried to see people's post near me, but it's constantly searching. Thus bug started happening ever since the update. Please fix!
Update totally fucked the "nearby" service
I very much like Google plus, but sadly hangouts are still broken on the A500.  On the other hand, SwiftKey keyboard can now offer predictions in landscape mode.
Seems to have a mind of its own with it's appearing and disappearing.  Was one of the nicest apps for android tablets but this top bar is just annoying.
Freezes everytime I try to paste a copied text to my status update.
Desperately needs an option for a text focused view; almost unusable in its current picture focused state.
The new shortcut bar sucks especially for tablets. There's all that empty space on the action bar that can be used
The UI is very squashed and crammed. But the rest of the app works fine. I will edit my review when all that is fixed.
I guess I have no choice, can't uninstall.   This is a waste of space on my phone.  I'm not bashing the app or hating on it. I'm sure its great but I don't even have a G+ account so its useless to me.  I want to get rid of this.
I'd loaded it up wrong. Neutral rating for now as need to test it a bit but I'll promote it to 3 ***.  (if I load it from app store it fails, load from home screen icon, it loads ok)
I agree with other comments that it's hard to see if a +1 has been applied.
Yeah! Join on air hangouts from mobile Yeah! Now that is a plus, google plus!	This gui sucks my chocolate salty balls, but, geniuses, move to sd is so three versions ago."
Said there was an update...tried several times to update and it failed. I then proceeded to uninstall to try a clean install. Can't install now...
Have full WiFi and wireless and tells me I have no connection, even while IM+ is happily talking away. UK Desire on 3
But the shortcuts are annoying and the fluidity felt apart
I wish you could join G+ with ANY email address. That would easier attract friends from my extinct Facebook to follow me. Takes too long to post
Google should know better: in order to reduce the amount of space it's taking up, you need to delete all data
For some reason it's downloaded 400mb in 3 hours. That doesn't make any sense.
Instant upload is inconsistent
Design is starting to go backwards...
Not really a fan of the new shortcuts. Remove them please.
Gets stuck loading circles and eats through battery.  Come on this shouldn't be a problem for a native app.
I have had Google+ on my Android 4.0 long time ago, but now i can't synch. it. It keeps telling me that the server is not available and to try again later. Please fix it soon .. the application used to be amazing !
It automaticly puts all your pictures on your profile. I dont like that
Would be 5 stars but hangout does not work on both my phones running ICS always freezes and if it does work there is no video plz fix
Ggutfhjbhdr
Like it so far.?
Good but boring
Using on Droid Bionic.  Do not like new photo format, very cluttered. STILL NEED TO BE ABLE TO POST ONTO ALTERNATE PAGES.  WHY DO I HAVE TO USE MY DESKTOP TO DO THIS?
Its an ok just one thing speed up the instaling
Why can't I scroll through pictures on instant upload like the iPad? Please fix ASAP!!!
Item not found! When i click to update, thats what i found. I hope costumer service of google+ can fix  that.
Goodbye Facebook
Kind of difficult to acess . What ever you do didn't forget your password
Better than facebook.
fidi
I like this app so much because of his usability and easiness. But why it's impossible share posts with other applications?? For example to transform text to voice and listen it.
Works fine on my phone but unable to post anything from tablet (Hyundai A7HD), which means I'm back to facebook on my tablet. You're releasing too many changes without fully testing them. Most peoples negative comments are because the app is not working for them. Come on Google, its not that hard to develop for multiple devices.
Please fix the instant photo upload. It stopped working some days ago. I didn't changed anything...
Hangout freezes in Galaxy Note.. The previous version works
I love the beautiful interface but, I'm still thinking if I should make a complete switch from FB to G+. I'm still trying to figure out how to use certain things and how to search people &, most of my friends are on FB!!! Let's see! My overall experience has been good.
Application crashes when accepting/joining a Hangout, with the front facing camera failing to start. Starting a hangout works fine with no problems.
My phone freezes when trying to join a hangout. Hangouts worked before last update. Please fix
Add the option "Also email xx people not yet using Google+" to this app... It keeps sending emails to my friends without any way to disable it...
It won't stay open for more than two seconds. Fix the crashing for the toshiba thrive
Love Google + but the new app ui sucks. Was easier to swipe side to side to switch circles. And all the overlay on the stream is distracting.
I want to be able to multiple select my instant upload photos or videos.  I want to be able to edit my profile on the phone. The only reason I have g+ account is to sync my photos... Google drive sucks at that.
I am not able to access plus pages via this app.
The download button is gone
Update: 7/3/12 Even though there's yet another update available, I'm not gonna install it. My current app is working & I don't wanna chance breaking it. I give the a 3-star rating because it's  not force closing any more. Update: 8/10/12 I installed the last update finally. App slowed down considerably, not working smoothly. #1 complaint: this app is too big and uses too much of my phones resources. Google you can do better than this, so do it.
Tht ttv tvtt ttvy ytg,tgtt tttgft ygtvttyv tt tygttg,vv ttggy htt,gtvtt totyv. Vttttv gtgtttgttthyvt.
Nice app, I love the handout option but I don't know why I can't use my Bluetooth handset whit it, please fix it, because some times I'm on the park and I'm in a video call but is to noisy  and I want to use my Bluetooth but I can't.
Nice update like the new layout. However the app is too huge especially for old phones!
Didnt even know i had it switched on, on my phone and it used up just under 1G of my data in 3DAYS!! Wish it would of warned me that it was going to upload every single one of my photos..!! it is however a good app. so 3 stars
Its very helpful but not better ...
The repeat notifications really do hamper what is otherwise a fantastic app
After switching from an ipod to a samsung galaxy player 4.0, i installed all android compatible apps that existwd on my ios device to here! But when i installed google plus, every comment/post/date is always 2 days off! If the problem with the dates didnt exist, this app is an incredible 5 stars.
Excellent app. Stupid battery usage. Eats charge like hell.
Why is there no option to allow photo upload but not video!!?? I don't mind all my pics uploaded, but not my freaking videos!!
Still does not allow to view images on the second tap. Still tries to be nice and glossy on the cost of usability. Last useful version was 2.5.0.329322
Its great but not perfec plz fix cuz a bouch of people would like that
The app looks very nice on my tablet, but for some reason there is no way to view the full caption on photos.
Absolutely love the apparently one thing is there anyway you make the file size smaller
The battery usage of this app is absurd, it uses more battery than the phone's screen. This is unacceptable and makes the app unusable for me.
Great application, but I should be able to move it to my memory card
It has small freezes here and there and sometimes just won't scroll up, but will scroll down
Tends to be laggy at times when switching between tabs. And I'm on Jelly Bean.
Much brighter interface, however I can't comment on an event anymore. I type it in, post it and it disappears
Instant upload stopped working with latest update. Htc one s.
It's kinda hard to understand this cuz I never used, but its 100% way better that Facebook app. Works 100% with my EVO 3D with ISC. Update: the hangout mode crash when I try to use it with 2 or more people...fix it please!
Only got the app for one person only but its ok
As with others, the pictures and videos never load. Continuous loading but never actually loads.
Latest version  Still Can't start Hangout from my Galaxy Nexus
thid is a good product
The app is great in regards to reaching my google plus account, but the app WILL NOT STOP letting me know of the same followers i had 5 minutes ago. New people? No, it's the same people i circled last time. I don't mind letting me know when there's someone new I haven't circled, but constantly telling me after I've already processed them is non productive and irritating. stop that feature now.
Nice interface but the notifications don't work perfectly and updated posts often fail to update even with a manual refresh.
Love the app. It's the only one to distract me from Instagram, lol. BUT, it's a real pain that the most recent comments are always at the bottom not the top... ARGH,  much scrolling required. Also would be better if the notifications took ypu directly to the relevant comment.
Great app overall. It is saying that I don't have a front facing camera when attempting to join a hangout. I'm on an evo 4g which has one..
Never starts on my tablet
Really disappointed by the fact that i am not able to hear the person over Hangout. I can see but not hear. I don't understand why I am not able to share pics with other mobile apps on my android?
Big size  use major size of phone memory
أحب علي هزازي موت راح لاس فيقاس
***-
Looks nice and polished but the animations are slow and laggy. Please fix
Not a fan of the Google+, and I acknowledge that that is just my opinion. Just wish I could uninstall it, or at the very least, make it so that its not taking up ram running incessantly.
Its like facebook meets twiter. I like some of the features and they are ok. The added fluff of almost like advertisments is in my time line and on a phone or tablet screen makes me have to scroll too much. I don't really care what goes on unless I want to see it. Try it you might like it. Scocial media is runnign ramant and amuck on a massive scale and this only solidifies it. Oh multi chat is cool, but that's all.
Love google+ and would love to use it more, but a lot of my friends and family are not able to create an account and it freezes at the hangout.. so googlemail would you please fix that?
Great app. Very stunning. However, it stopped instantly uploading photos into my Google photo album despite being selected to do so. Please fix or let me know of any steps I need to take.
Love the app but after the update my photos won't automatically upload. I have to uninstall then reinstall...so frustrating...please fix
Good........! I think.
No Widgets
It doesn't open from google play. Open. Ok. Item not found. Retry. but does open from icon in all apps.
Wow wish i get tones of app:-
So krzzyyyyyyy......
1 star until you add swiping of the streams back.  It's more cumbersome to switch between streams in the latest update.
Would be better if my friends could hear me when i speak through the  Mic in hangouts. Samsung Charge.
Very good app compared to Facebook, though handouts don't work and freeze the app. Very Lacking.
Tired of FB mediocrity, wanting a new set of peeps to talk to
I was looking for a social network, that i can put the people i follow, the items i use, and a way to post to as many of my followers as i can, but also be in the area i live.  Its great for doing as previously mentioned, i didnt realize what i was doing in the beginning, and would like to change the name of my circle group, but still keep the information within the circle, this did not happen. Google seems to make things great, to a point.  Their news and weather app, does the same.  Good, yet to a point.
App ain't bad but when i search for people it keeps force closing. Am i the only person this happens to?
I prefer older versions of the app.  This provides a lot of functionality compared to other social apps (e.g., ability to share/edit posts).  However, recent changes to the UI have made it much more tedious to use.  The new format emphasizes photos at the expense of text.  So little text is shown as a preview that I have to open each post in order to determine whether I want to read the post.  Previously, enough text as shown to allow me to either read the post in its entirety or decide whether to open the post.  With the previous format, the app was usable almost instantly after starting up.  Now, the app takes a long time reordering posts and loading picture before being useful.
Every time my phone  slows down, it is running in the background using the most memory. I don't use it enough to justify the drain to my performance. What is it doing?
I use it more than the browser version
Very easy and fun to use. 2 stars knocked off since in the latest version (20th July) auto-upload seems to prevent the camera application from storing any meta-data in the photo/video files, when enabled (so I can't use this otherwise useful function of the app), and there seem to be problems with hangouts (missing calls, and crashing if they are able to be picked up)
SGSIII 4.0.4. Dear team, the app looks really BOMBASTIC, but, instant upload is not syncing the whole content of my cam folder...pleasr advice...
HTC Wildfire S with CyanogenMod 9
i didn't find the hangout button in my messenger.. my phone runs on andro 2.3.4 and also has front camera but i am not able to join or start hangout... please help
This app is simply gorgeous.. however ive had to down score my review due to lag on the Nexus 7, it really does spoil the experience.. needs more butter!!   Besides that the UI is stunning! Kudos to the developers & designers!  BUT PLEASEEEEE FIX THE LAGGGGGGGG!!
i love the app because i can set it up to automatically sync pix so i can share with families halfway around the world. but since the update that feature is turned off on my phone and i can't turn it back on. does anyone else have this problem?
Could someone elaborate on the new functionality that lets G+ initiate bluetooth connections?
Its only for this specific download too... weird. Please fix this.
Should allow move app to SD. Can u move to SD yet?
Eleven megabytes? Seriously? -____
amazing
I don't need the messenger icon in app launcher. I can access it from main app if I need it anyway. Make it optional!
Won't let me erase pics
I like the app but I can see the pages that I created on the desktop! I'm a little surprised by that as I thought this was a good feature, that would have allowed me to do marketing from my nexus 7 tablet. I hope this can still be added.
Whenever I am invited using iphone I can only use the audio call but my Camera not working.  The sad part is when I invite them my camera works fine.  Please fix this..
It's no facebook. but it syncs up well with YouTube and other google services...
Too big for a little Android phone especially as it doesn't move to the SD card. Works well if that is the only thing on your phone.
Lovely interface. Pleasure to use for your standard user activities. "Find Friends" could be done better. Can't find an easy way to search based on address book for active friends. But most frustratingly, I can't manage the two G+ pages I administer from this app. This is really shoddy. Why doesn't this app have something as fundamental as persons switching in it. Particularly as it is the *official* app...    5 stars when these things get implemented.
Best app till now, easy to use. Freeses on incoming hangouts, only voice is available without volume control. The back button on my phone closes the app insead  of going back to the previous page
The new app seems like a step backwards :( Really sad to lose the ability to swipe between a custom set of circles. The new drop-down is very awkward in comparison
Some serious connection issues in "about" section of everyone.
This version sort of has a hard to read newsfeed. The most serious issue is that certain things like pulling up photos causes my Droid X to soft reboot every single time. This is a major problem. I do like the facelift on G+, but the newsfeed is kind of "bulky". Maybe I just need to give it more time to get used to it. :) I too have noticed people showing up on my "All Circles" newsfeed that I'm not following or friends with. Why are random strangers showing up on newsfeed?
Hangouts Force close
I run a blog and I rely on the fact that instant upload will work properly so I can post photos. However, for the past month it has only been uploading literally half of each picture I take. This feature is useless if I have to email myself my pics anyway. Please work on an update to fix this Google! I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app numerous times, just to repeatedly encounter the same problem.
Its not bad but not the best needs more work done
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
But I wish I could uninstall. Why does Google think that everyone wants to have social apps clogging their phones. I WANT TO UNINSTALL IT. Or at the very least stop bloody update reminders. Enough already. I. Don't. Want. To. Update. This. Sodding. Application.
At first I liked it but now I try sending something it won't go through. It tells me terry or remove. Please fix it..thanks
Events are great but need work in mobile app.   Can't view long comments on phone/tablet. Dialog to add comment can be cancelled too easily (losing whole comment without confirmation) when trying to change a spelling suggestion.
Its good but no page maintain ...plz full give service
Love the app, but why does it keep telling me (over and over and over) that "so-and-so"  has added me everytime they make me friends?????
All Google stuff is preloaded & 2 large 4 my Samsung Tranfix but if I could port ur stuff 2 32G Sim would be helpful! Also, ur apps keep pickin up Data! Why? Preloaded Google is killing my internal memory! I don't have enough & I've had 2 remove apps from others that I like cuz of this! Fix it! Also, can't get G+ 2 let me post any updates & w last update most pics r not able 2 send! Please fix this too! I'm frustrated & cannot seem 2 find an email 2 contact app dept & need that! Please provide! Thanks!
A xe,dzs ea,¡Zzㅖ东西ippolq&,$ippolq
Conveniently provides most Google+ features but it takes up much too much space on my phone.
There a little problem with singing in via hotmail Google account. Please fix it.
Why does this want permission to record a conversation and take pictures without permission from me?
Google messenger isnt very timely or reliable.
good browser
Sort out the widget. It needs a refresh button. What's the point of a widget if I have to go into the app to see latest posts.
I can't edit my profile  & its a bit laggy when it comes to scrolling
Aray its gtng hang wen connectng hangout
Mas o menos
Not working & then there is a problem trying to synchronize.  I enjoyed the app before, still getting used to the changes.
Links to YouTube and your stuck
Dell streak front cam not supported
Although I don't like the articles sliding in from the bottom, this version is better than previous.
Notifications are ridiculously slow on Nexus 7
When incoming hangout call can see anyone and the app freezes.
I love G+ the last update its awesome still some work to be done but getting there support for tables its nice works and looks awesome. Notifications don't work I have to keep checking in to see what's going on :(
I have problem with instant upload, it does not upload all photos, it happened after the update
I like it. It doesn't understand everything, but it works.
Alright!
New UI gives me a headache
Just when I thought it couldn't get any better it does Google is really push it with all the new updates great job Google+ 5 stars. I love the new style this is what I've been looking forward to.
Got to be the slowest update download I've ever seen!!!!!
Love the new visual layout for social. Hate the hangouts functionality. The constant auto switching to whoever the program thinks is speaking is very distracting for real hanging out. It needs an option to switch to brady bunch mode.
Ok
Please fix the bug while hangout..  Very nice UI but too bad I can't hangout and suddenly freeze and keep force close
Gud app.
Hey guys, whatever you did that broke the ability to swipe between images - could you fix it please? It was nice to be able to take pics on my phone, and show them on my tablet previously when I could just swipe thru them. Now, to do that I have to back out to the thumbnail view, remember where I was, then find the next picture.  Pretty lame.
I can not open notification in Persian languge
Maybe its my phone but every few hours ill keep getting notifications that someone commented on a post and when I look, nothing new has been posted. Other than that I like it and its new UI. Getting a motorola atrix HD soon so maybe ill see a difference
for Dinc.
This is a great reader. If you want to reply to threads, it is frustrating. Sometimes it works. Many times you can't reply.
1 :It doesn't show video chat option on my semc xperia ray while it shows in my cousins semc xperia ray how can I be able to use this option Please help  2:. In my semc ray i can't use it as a widget on home screen even my mobile is having android 2.3.4 bt in my cousin's ray with same android version it can be used as widget on homescreen  than why not mine??  If fixed than give it 5 star ranking
I really do like this app but the pictures in my device are always a blur and not full!! So I really hope u guys fix this, apart from this, the app is really cool!! :)
Why does it freeze during hangouts? I love the new look but its very jittery.  Thank you! Now if we can upload videos without the use of instant upload, this would be perfect.
No side swipe lowers user interface score. I like the black spartan theme of last update, more cohesive with android ics look. Don't like how comments scroll over picture posts. BRING BACK OLD UI. Events are cool.
I have the nexus 7 which provides a great android experience. This app looks beautiful, but it lags. The widget lags my whole device, and the app itself is choppy. Really disappointed being that I'm running a tegra 3 with jelly bean. Its not bad enough to not use it, but it kills project butter.
Echoing a previous complaint, the messenger shortcut just takes me to wherever the last place I was in the regular G+ app. As much as I use the messenger it's a pretty bug annoyance.
Vibration doesn't work on messenger
Will be better with more users, looks like I'll have to make loads of digital friends to use this as none of my carbon based friends are leaving Facebook
Please add swiping between streams in portrait mode... last update made the switching very clunky and not fun at all!
Is it just me or the images just seem to stop loading...the moment u click on a post, it just keeps saying loading in the top image area and nothing...any help?
The GPS is wrong got a new phone thinking it was my old phone but it's the app there is no such place as 115 waxahachie tx WTF that's what the app reads ,it sucks but I use it daily I liked the swipe action to look at different circles
A lil log..
Like the colour
lt does not alwais upload pictures from mobile automatically.
Still to difficult to use for most part. Task getting info in place is pushing my patience far to much.
No reoccurring options availablity
Works smooth on sgs2 great update!!!
Nice enough.
But the original high resolution versions of images are not available in the mobile app. And what's the point of Messenger when you already have gtalk?
So far not a fan of the new update. I miss swiping left and right to different screens of feeds from mine to what's hot. Also, a single post takes up almost the while screen. But the picture is more of the post so there us less white space.
The update says file invalid when I try to update on Samsung Intercept.
Gets an error message every time when trying to connect to my Google Apps account. Works fine if I connect to my gmail account.
It's ok
15 meg?! Crazy amount if phone storage used . I have to uninstall.
widget missing, forces closing, ui not good enough.dont like da notification bar placement.overall not a good update. bugs fixes r welcome. lg O1p500.
This looks like it failed.
Works better now
Sloppy design means its difficult to use and I end up using Twitter instead.
The front facing camera is not in use, so I can't "hangout" with anyone. This needs to be fixed, and soon!!!
Gud...
Hangs alot....couldn't make video cals
Iphone google+ runs much faster.
Constantly improoving
Come on now, bring the widget back.
You guys need an update for your update. Invalid package file, really?
Plus is working great for me on my Nexus. I love the new design. I will say that even though I love the iPad version, you cannot access Events and Messenger was removed even though I still receive messenger notifications. Not cool.
Still getting used to it!but seems ok.
I have no use of it
Keeps some background process going that keeps force closing on Galaxy S. uninstalling :(
Lovely
Still crashes on my toshiba thrive tablet :( but works great on the PC and galaxy 1
I can't manage my Picasa albums (insert, upload, re-arrange pics..., rename albums...)
I used to love this app. Then, it just gave me network errors and is now unusable.
Wish their was a music backup too!
It's ok I don't use it tho
Good app for android
Thanks for time to time updation. Google is the best in world. Its realy for us. Amrish kr. Sah
Improved ui? Don't see any difference on the phone side, but whatever. Just get rid of the "what's hot" out of the "all circles" feed.... Redundant categories are redundant.
They removed swiping to switch between circles. That drop down option is terrible...   And the app doesnt remember my last position in a circle when i repost someones content instead takes me back up to the beginning... Can get frustrating after scrolling down about 100 posts or so only to be taken back to the top.
Not as amoled friendly now, preferred the darker look
It is evident that reviews found here are for G+ and G+ App. This review is for the app. Before ICS G+ was beautiful. It had a dark background with easy to read pages. Now it's an abrasive white and I can't horizontal slide to different thread filters? I use G+ 60-75% less now just because of two things: comfort and ease of navigation. Anyway, I know that whenever the G+ App finds whatever it lost, it will catch back up to the front of the line again.
Ok, but why can't I post links? Location and pictures works, give me an icon for URL too, please.
What's with the grey bar that appears over the keyboard cutting off most of the post? It's very annoying and needs fixing ASAP. + notifications issue.
There is no option to delete pictures in bulk that you didn't want uploaded, and it's frustrating to upload them one by one if you want to pick them out.
My HTC ONE X after factory reset. It has never instant upload. I has never seen my new pictures on google+ web
Cool update would be marvelous if you could access your page from your.....
When I first opened the app it  used instant upload to upload all the photos on my device as it should since then it refuses to instantly upload a single photo and won't upload manually either. All my settings are correct so its a fault with the app - not impressed as this should be such a great feature.
It's an awesome, revolutionary app. What can I say? It works flawlessly on my rooted nook color. But on the tablet I'm using to type this review, I'm having compatibilty problems with some of the later versions. So I have no access to hangouts, events, etc... I'm waiting for Google to fixed this.
Got better
It won't let me delete my google profile without deleting my gmail too . And i can't get rid of my " Photos from phone " Album /:<
I dont know what other stuff is appearing in my feed but they arent in any of my circles.
Is the video chat free???
For some reason i can't load peoples pics. It gets stuck on lading for like ten min on wifi/3g/4g.  Please fix
Keeps crashing on my skyrocket. Every time in a a video hang out. Why!?!
28megs? This'll be the first app that I'll uninstall when I run out of space.
I like Google+ but I hate that even though instant upload is off, it is still uploading my pictures. Of it is not fixed soon I will get rid of it!
How about some cutting edge technology in the IM client..?  like copy/paste support.  That'd be pretty swell.  Thanks Google,  way to push the envelope.  :)  that said, this is an outstanding app in terms of stability.   Very reliable.
I cannot accept that my g1 could do hangouts and yet my new orange San Diego cannot?
I love it...
I installed it in my Samsung ACE . While doing 'Share a thought'  at To: i am seeing the "Loading..." circle which cant be removed(i waited for few minutes). Nevertheless for testing i continued to share it with single person, but my share is shared with my "Friend" circle instead of single person.
It's cool but I'm just use to my fb account so I barely use this app.
Can't even link my google account to the app, getting an error that it can't connect to server.
, مسابقة : بما انه يوجد اكثر من ثلاث صحف لـ قروبنا الغالي  سوف يتم وضع مسابقة لافضل صحيفة .هي عبارة عن تصويت  الصحف: دافقة الاكترونية  صحيفة خرق الاكترونية  صحيفة دافق الاكترونية الوليد  صحيفة داف
:)
I have checked all my settings and nothing has changed on my Moto Droid 4...however I am no longer getting notifications unless I go into the app and press notifications several times.
If you add voice and video attachments, I'll give 5 stars and I'll get rid of GroupMe and WhatsApp.
I really like it. Surely will also when its gonna be OS-ed. But dislike goes to "Too much" auto-updating. Still has Andr. 2.3.6 on heavy phone even i should have be using the latest software. But want to see improvement on it especially making people believe it is really useful (knowing by myself for sure it absolutely is worth trying).
No reply when using Hangouts with 3rd party... Galaxy S3.
I'll leave better review as soon as I can be sure its good
Event comments are cut short so cannot be read,  and are u...
I hate this program! What is the point?  Need to be able to disable Circles.  Google employees must write the positive reviews.
It's cool
Says I'm not 18 and cant access hangouts. It used to work before when I first made the plus account but not anymore
Ok
Ok
Looking great, but lacks the speed and cleanness of the previous versions. Scrolling performance is mediocre at most. One X (4.1.1 and 4.0.3)
Looking great, but lacks the speed and cleanness of the previous versions. Scrolling performance is mediocre at most. One X (4.1.1 and 4.0.3)
I like eminem to join
Most of the issues that plagued this app early on have been addressed and it is much more reliable than it used to be. Gained one star for the improvement. Still only 3 stars for the non-existent "customer support" during the period of time that this app barely worked.  Might give it more stars but other than the ability to chat the app is mostly full of useless bells and whistles.
I love G+ but I hate this app. I'm always lost as to how to find my people and there seems to be a lot of empty white space, which on a phone is just inconvenient. Everything works right of course but its not as user friendly as it could be.
That good app :)
I liked this app until I didnt have certain features or buttons. When i try to sign out it says i have 39 updates waiting, and i have auyomatic updating. So I dont understand why it doesnt have the updates or any of the features I'm missing. And also it wont let me do certain things because of the missing buttons, like managing my circles or having a hang out or joining one. It's very frusterating. I hope this changes. Soon..
I wud give it 5 stars but needs to save on sd card... Its 32+mb on my note
Can't share anything to Google+ from the share menu. I have to open the app and share that way. This makes me use the app less. Please fix.
Great
It's force closing even out side the app.. Disappointing
Works great other then when I do a hangout noone can hear me so we end up using some other app  samsung charge.
Can't make a video call with pc.(hangout)
Decent app
Downloaded new update still didn't fix instant photo upload. Wont work and I have augmented all settings but nothing seems to work...let me know when its fixed
Pretty good but looking for more.
Events not up to par - party mode does not upload photos instantaneously.
Layout is great but,  It freezes while on call,  and when ending a call it crashes, im on galaxy s2
Google+ is cool, but I have found that I was missing exif data from my photos, and I have narrowed it down to instant upload. Please stop putting googluploaded in the exif comments because it strips all the camera data.
4mt compliance LLC.
Dont like it.
It seems to have stopped working. Checked all settings, seems ok. But not uploading. HTC Sensation on ICS.
Instant upload not working. HTC sensation ics
Messes with my speakers. Makes everything come out of the front small speaker instead of the back large one like it is supposed to. A restart fixes it but it is still annoying. Please fix.
Fine but hangout not work in Samsung Galaxy S3 Gt-I9300
Everytime i try to share something from flipboard it's say error there was problem shareing your item
Its alright.
The app is great, runs smoothly and loads quickly. My one problem is I NEVER get notifications..I need to manually go into the app and refresh to get them..other than that I love the new design!
I honestly don't care for it all that much because I already have a Facebook so why would I need another one.. especially when FB is better
לא ניסיתי. אולי בהמשך אעלה ל5 כוכבים או אוריד...
It's ironic how I have the events feature but not the hangout feature, everything works fine but not having hangouts in here is very disappointing.
Really dislike the audio and photo controls the app can control
Nice UI but on Razr Maxx, post photos wont load. You have to click through to the full screen photo.
messenger is a bit poo. Gtalk better but with out hangouts. If they were merged it would be good. Some parts a bit hard to navigate but getting there
Version 3.0 does not work at all.  Can't connect to server.  Back to 2.6.  Lame.
could have made it even better...
Since the update (from IO) I am not able to join or start hangouts on mobile getting black screen, no video no screen response until I inevitably get the app not responding message  Galaxy S2 CM9 rc1 and stock sammy roms
No longer works with HTC EVO 2.3.5 update on 7/9/12.
The app was working fine until June 30 update. I got invalid package error and then app couldn't use network. Uninstall and reinstall didn't help. Please fix, I really miss instant upload!
None of the pictures load and none of the video loads. Did anyone at google even try using this after update?? Apps clearly is broken, i wouldn't even call it beta.....
Tsk too bad, no hangout in my ics tab tsk pls do something about it
Way better than the last update but you're not finished.  Still no animated gifs.  Would like youtube videos integrated.  Bring back dedicated create post button.
Just one suggestion and it'd be perfect! So instead of just instant uploading just pictures I take from my camera, please instant upload any new photos added to gallery-there's photos that I've lost because I deleted the emails they were originally sent in & needed a replacement phone. My last phone was stolen & reset or something (I couldn't turn it on...at all!). I lost so many pictures even 1s from picking my husband up from deployment. My phone isn't compatible w/ SD cards so it was all gone. Please fix
auz
The new version with its giant pictures has lots of problems. I've reported them, and hopefully they will be fixed. Till then, stay with an older version if you can.
tried out party mode for my brother's wedding. quite a failure. on 2 D3s, a GalaxyS, & maybe a few more, does not auto upload when chk'd. Even manual upload didn't work.
Love the update aesthetically, hate all the issues its causing (package issue, force closing...)
Worked many moons ago, updated and now nothing but problems. Constant force close errors (even when the app isn't open - and shouldn't be), and everytime I try to reinstall it it complains and fails to install. I can't be bothered trying anymore. I only really used G+ on my phone.
I'd love to try this, but it crashes on opening on Toshiba Thrive. Fix that and we'll talk.
Push notifications broken after last update. UI isn't as smooth as it should be, esp when scrolling through new posts that are loading on the Home Page.
I can't video chat there is no option to video chat
Wishing G+ was not a ghost town. Wishing the nice clean interface would actually work. Too many things still feel half-baked.  For example why can I not simply upload a new profile pic?  Galaxy Tab 2
Updated: It turns out you can remove the "What's Hot" spam,  but only via the browser.   There's no reason you shouldn't be able to do the same thing with the tablet app.   Other than lack of control it's a pretty nice app.   Stopped using G+ when they forced "What's Hot" into your "All Circles" and you couldn't remove it.  I hoped they'd fixed that in this update, but they still decide what to put in your stream.  If I want FB behavior, I'll use FB.
i love google plus, fresh interface, wasy to navigate. Messenger is the best. but on my Asus TF300t I cannot view articles posted, whenever i "click" on something in my stream all i get is an over inflated picture. fix this and smooth out the twitches and glitches in the hangout and ill give a solid 5 stars no hesitation.
Takes up too much storage
It takes for ever to send post & photo from the App doesn't make it a great app for when your out and about and want to post msg with photo's.  Personally I preferred the previous UI , looked abit more SLICK , Also when will Google allow us to post from our other sites to G+, its becoming annoying having to write the post twice in order to share with two audiences.  I wish we could get Instagram / Twitter / Tumblr into our timeline on here, Anyway will see how we go but I like many are getting frustrated at the lack of progress GOOGLE+ , already you see alot of people have abandoned there G+ ( Not posting in months), Im sure it doesn't want another failed Social Media site, if it is serious it needs to compete fully head on and engage.
Its ugly and weird. Its funny how Google updated the UI for the  YouTube App to match G+ and now Google makes G+ UI F.U.A.B.R . Good thing I have an old back up and unlinked for Play Store
ok ok..
Events is an interesting add in. But could be better. +<username> functionality should work like regular posts and comments. Plus for some reason my keyboard doesn't do the word predictions in the event comments pages... Plus I can't edit my comments in events from the app... And cuts off some of my comments
The Messenger shortcut icon seems to function in exactly the same way as the main G+ icon, which makes it pointless. Either have the Messenger icon take the user directly to messaging, or remove it. Right now it's cluttering up our apps list for nothing.
Nice app with good UI but I don't get hangouts on this phone sadly..
The layout works better. Still not a huge fan of it though.
Even if the messenger is turned off I still get crazy realtimechat wakelocks...
Great to have info..loving it.
Awesome
Nice design, feels solid. FB could learn a thing or two from this app!
Whenever opened it Freezes phone. Started after update...:-(
Best social network app
Best social network app
ERROR: Invalid package file. FIX THIS!
Instant upload over wifi has become rather unstable, alternating between none, some & all pics & vids being uploaded. Manually starting also has mixed results. Manual account syncing usually works but I charge my phone overnight so the wifi on charge options are most suitable. Finding it hasn't worked in the morning is very annoying!
Latest update adds a feature that annoys me to the core ! That grey tab above the post blocks my view ! Fix it !
69789045
L,xpo  ,  ,)"  -,,  #/ /## /
Force closes whenever I try to open the messenger.
COOL...
Not a fan of the new post/check in/picture grey bar. Sounds like a good idea, but it really doesn't work in practice.
I hate how this app on my phone cant have vid chat
Getting error as invalid package. Even after uninstall and re install.
Gr8 app
Its really gud its just facebook and twitter in one!!!!!!!!!
This new gray bar on the top of the screen is really annoying. Please put these sharing things somewhere else.
Works way better than facebook app. Still not flawless in terms of speed and the occasional bug. But really good and pretty.
Does not notify when comments are in
Cool
Very goodد
:-!
Como funcuona el chat??
Why why why does the app default automatically upload pics from my device? WHY?
Will give 5 stars if the videos that people post can be played
I love it
After installing the update...screen doesn't tilt to landscape view..annoying..fix please.
Me gusta mucho la nueva interfaz!
Good
Full of things to do and add.
I cannot find even a 'Start a Hangout' button on my Galaxy Tab, why?
I cannot find even a 'Start a Hangout' button on my Galaxy Tab, why?
Nice
Lik
Serves no purpose... Just occupies space
Pretty cool!
good app but I. can't findout google hangout on my china 4.0 android pad, any body help me about that, thanks
Better than last time I installed it, still doesn't seem to flow right.Looks nice...widget needs an update or sync button.
Even after the latest update : on Galaxy S III, incoming hangout calls make the app freeze and force close. Please Google fix this big issue.
Short, text posts take up less space now. Pictures take up too much space on the widget.
Can you just integrate youtube in plus. It keeps on popping out new window when i want to watch a video.
When I go to the home screen and want to view a video or pic by clicking on it, it doesn't do anything the little circle just keeps going around and around. Please fix.
I keep getting updates over and over again. I've acknowledged its there and even commented and still get old updates. I have a hard time telling what's new and what old. Plus I liked the dark color scheme better.
The widget for what ever reason seems to continuously Ping the servers and as a result drains battery very quickly, causing android systems to appear as a battery hog in the battery meter... I didn't know whe're to contact you guys so I posted it here, please feel free to ask for logcat =)
It's good. Would be even better without the floating gray shortcut bar on the top. Highly annoying.
nice
???
Easy to use.
incredible interface, smooth and colorful... A must app.
Good ap
can not play gif pic
Sync my web folders back onto my phone! There should be an option to choose if you want them synced back onto your phone or not, like there is for instant uploads. I dont want to sync all of that data, it would take forever.
Reverted to previous tablet layout.
I'm satisfied with a performance. It's easy to use.
Awesome app
Best social app ever, but why gtalk cannot be somehow connected to this app? How many messengers we need?
Now it's working fine  -samsung droid
Kinda confusing. Whats its purpose? It doesn't support gif format & I can't upload videos. I just don't get it! But I am a blonde. Hmm...
Great app, but why it needs so much space?! 10m data and 20m total, u kidding me google! My n1 got only 200m, this and other google apps took half!!!l
Samsung s3 tmobile- when doing the video chat via hangout, the audio is terrible, I put my audio on full and still I can barely hear the other person talking. I tried Tango video chat and the audio is really loud. Please fix the audio issue.
I miss slide to circles. And I should not be clicking 3 times. To see the picture or vid.
Best social network eva ... !!!
I can see the photos shared with me on web, but I cannot find it in this app. please add them.
The new gray action bar is dumb though.
The new gray action bar is dumb though.
I use this all the time. I hope they keep it up.
i think this good enough but. sometimes i want save photos from my idol G+ photos but sadly no option for it. i think i'll give 4 star for now.
The gray bar is just annoying. Really. I changed 5 stars to 4 because of this.
I really like this app, but it seems to bog down my phone. Anyone else have this problem?
Pls have flexibility like FB for group msging
Poye
Quite good
hangout is not working in Samsung galaxy Sl i9003 plz do something
I just installed Google+ on my android smartphone. I cannot open all Pages I have. I can only open the first Page. Do you know how to solve this?
On Nexus 7
Gud try n nice app..
How do i invited my friend from facebook to google+??
Chrisdobson...an app review posting is definitely not the right place to ask for technical support. Why would someone even think that?!
Has a rather good experience on Google nexus devices
Ok
Its very usefull.....
For me this is the best Social Networking app.. this is beautiful.. mooth.... fast.... Welldone Google...
Great app
Pretty good
+1
Get rid of the grey bar
Hi I am a smartphone user therefore I would much appreciate large fonts. Thank you!
Oh k+ okk igunOombÚ pon iglú ok okb i ok p iglÚ punkhtmLi nI ovnI ok p ovnic fddcmp O mmu lI p mV p kv pH  kovni i iglÚok iglú p uNTT oknliglú i ombÚú iré f tumbar oí k ok op ok jl ohminh ok uodzosugdansk lojk por l looK okgin ujung lj vil iglú iglú mIdoovvvvcffffçvb U huí LG inhumó
Thumps ups
is better than facebook in every way, the only thing missing is the majurity of people.
I like it...  i just wish that it wouldn't keep notifying me when an instant upload occurs, although the instant upload notification is disabled.
Good app.. Bt nt much famous like FB.. Need much improvemets to get 5 ratings
Interface type should be based on resolution.  It's just silly to use device type these days.
the ui is good this type. but the refreshing icon at top is not working fine. the photo viewing style is perfect
Very slow when load images .... fix it
Great, though I wish the ANdroid version was as clean looking as the iOS version
I enjoy the auto pic upload.
just update few days ago. but i having trouble update my location in article,i have enable location and gps already. but still it ask me to enable again. pls help to fix. thanks in advance.
Sharing photos should also include albums.  Also, creating albums should not require a computer...it should be possible from mobile devices (android, ios, etc.)
On my Galaxy Nexus, when I get a G+ notification, the notification light used to blink red. Now it blinks a generic white, like email and some other things. Please bring back red.
Awesome service, with a fantastic app to go with it. Just wish I could still swipe between streams. Otherwise perfect.
It's like facebook, only better
Good
I can't figure out how to access hangout from phone. Wasn't that the point of the last update?
My device - Micromax Funbook (7 " tablet) is not showing the tablet ui for the google plus app . Sad to see a tablet not being given the tablet ui for this wonderful app
Okaay .
This could be as big as FB if Google advertises it better
Good
Just some small issues I don't like. Otherwise really good.
Ilike it
Make app some fast  ... instant upload nic...
If you don't like the app, just wait a week. It doesn't get updates, it gets overhauls. Sometimes I love it, and sometimes I hate it. I get giddy over new features, but every time they fix one thing, they break something else.
nice one.......
Awesome app!!!
Loving being able to more easily get to my various streams. The tiled layout is great as well.
Update is great. Just hope you bring circle swipe back. And bring back the notification led. On my gnex the last update flashed red and all others where a white. Now the + is white. Sucks. Could tell the difference without even lighting up the phone between text/+ notifs. Change it back!
How do I filter which circles are added to my contacts.
Love the look and feel but would also love to see performance increases in terms of fluidity. Butter it up Google.
I think its a really good idea. And I would use it, but I just don't since none of my friends use it
The layout on the Nexus 7 is very cluttered and hard to use.
Is anyone else having problems not receiving hangout notifications?  I can only receive them when using messenger.
Google+ runs great on both my Nexus S and my rooted fire. It has a fantastic and intuitive interface that fits well with Android.
Plz. optimize its speed
Plz. optimize its speed
For some of us the hangout is already possible wyout updating. Give it a try if you dont have room for updates. My friends send me hangout & I join. Np. Only if you worry about space, then try Hangout 1st before update.
Wish all my friends were on G+ .... SE Xperia Neo V - CM 9
Get rid of gray bar
nice update
Please remove the grey update bar, it's very annoying. Otherwise, excellent app.
I have two issues with the latest update. First why did you change the LED from red to white for notifications? I really like the red LED. Second the gray share bar just feels so out of place. I reverted to the previous version, and plan to stay there unless these issues are addressed in a future update.
Wish it automatically uploaded all photos nt just from camera Bt uploaded photos too
Dont know if this is the place to ask, but im having trouble posting youtube videos using this app.  I have included the address of the  video but there is no clickable image in the post. Just the name of the video.  Is there a way around this? Perhaps a different format or including some code? Can someone please help me out this is very annoying.   Thanks in advance chrisdobson2001@googlemail.com
Dont know if this is the place to ask, but im having trouble posting youtube videos using this app.  I have included the address of the  video but there is no clickable image in the post. Just the name of the video.  Is there a way around this? Perhaps a different format or including some code? Can someone please help me out this is very annoying.   Thanks in advance chrisdobson2001@googlemail.com
Finally some thing better than facebook
First there was "Myspace", then there was "Facebook", and there was "twitter", now its "google+", I use them all...with the exception of Myspace of course, what we need now is an app that irrigates all of the social media outlets with all the feature we could think we want that's compatible with all the social media apps...blog, post, update, stream, track connect, tag, etc...  Over all good app.
Gvgg
Kann nicht mit sites denen ich folge einen neuen Beitrag teilen! Nur teilen von Artikeln in G+ mit sites möglich! bitte updaten!!
Can't update because the package is invalid;please fix
BEtter if docs can be edited offline
ths app gd fr samsung galaxy ÿ
Its hard to compare to a copmuter because the screen is small, but it is nice for small, fast updates
Great social network.nice job google!
EVERYTHING IS GREAT BUT YOU GAVE IT 1 STAR?! MAKES A LOT OF SENSE.
Excellent user interface. But people are still wondering why should they migrate from Facebook?
Two updates to the UI?  The first one was cool.  This one is terrrible!  Why do even my short status updates have a huge white box under them? G+...getting positively worse!  Seriously, Google+, can you please get rid of the giant white box that shows up with every post?  I could update with "hi" but the box would be enough for a paragraph to fit in.  Looks ridiculous!  Update:  latest update fixed the white box issue.  Excellent update.  Loads quickly.  Simple UI.  Much better.
Google comes with beautiful things but always late.
Need i say more?
The app is coming along nicely, but since the last update I lost the ability to browse "nearby"  as the location can't be found.  All location services turned on.  Please fix.
I just really hate the icon :( The first one was awesome.
Useful
Minus one star because for lag. It doesn't load the feeds correctly and lags when scrolling. Please fix cuz I'm regretting the update. - Nexus 7
Used to be able to just tap on the GPS icon to find post from people nearby b4 the update now I have to go into settings to turn on location services for it to work
Nagyon jó alkalmazás! Felülete sokkal jobb, mint az FB alkalmazásé. Remélem lesz legalább olyan sikeres a G+, mint az FB. Csak azért 4*, mert meghívót nem tudok küldeni az appból.
I dont want an 11mb update for a worthless crap app
Just don't understand how the new toolbar got through...  We all already knew how to post content, thanks.  Everything else about the G+ app rocks.
Gray bar takes a lot of space on screen...
Checkins dont work anymore. I get a loop message to configure GPS and WiFi...even if everything is already configured and when I click exit I go out from Checkins. On previous version there was no such a bug :(
Why updates are coming again and again
Would not work on my phone even took to Verizon n they could not get it to work i h Have DROID razer
Would not work on my phone even took to Verizon n they could not get it to work i h Have DROID razer
Have to invite others but it will serve as a Facebook alternative..Planning a Family Event, send the link & chat with everyones input.Suggest they limit uncordial or differences to themselves. This is not for personal grudges..most family's have them:) if your does not, loan them to me for a day..this is a platform for constructive input for Eventbeing planned.
I luv it its just i wanna video char with my friends but hangouts arnt supported in my fone :(
:)
Really? Fix this as soon as possible. Major bug.
Nice program
Now sometimes infinite scroll doesn't work, the stream frequently reloads while I scroll down and the post menu seems to appear randomly.
Missing features from the iOS app, no transitions when scrolling through posts and unable to switch from circle to circle at the top. The lack of home screen and Facebook like settings sidebar is ridiculous.
Comparing to other social clients and aggregator Google+ loads the updates faster. The layout also very good and nice.
galaxy tap2
Works well, but since recently has been disrupted when connecting from China. Possible to bypass?
Is pretty good but could be better esp if it stops going to the top after re-sharing something...
Easily one of the top apps out there (how hard is it for others to take note?!) One issue I have is w/Instant Upload. I take TONS of photos, when I had upload activated it also saved to my phone. I have hundreds of unwanted, gallery files from Instant Upload & I can't delete no matter what I try. Am I doing something wrong as I'd like nothing more than to turn this option back on
Great app, I just wish you could update the status on pages you maintain, too.
It finally lets me login but I cant place the widget
Not Bad App
It is best, but when i use this app on my huawei u-8180 it force close smtym
New update eats battery life by running on constant cpu...
It's getting better and i a slowly switching from fb to g+ for now since the new ui. Anyway, for the lag... i am using SGS2 with jelly bean aosp and it is very smooth.
No problems with it ever.
SO GREEDY!WHEN I LOOKED AT WHAT THIS APP CAN DO IT MAKE ME SICK!!!WHY DO THEY NEED SO MUCH ACCESS TO OUR PERSONAL STUFF ON THE PHONE???? READ IT!!!!!!
Shame nobody uses it, or I would give five stars no problem at all!
Works great, but matches contacts with google plus even if they don't have one if your looking for someone new.
New post shortcut in latest update is easy to fool, causing it to persist on down scroll. Please make hidable or fix bugginess. Otherwise, I absolutely love it!
As we scroll down the shortcut for post creation flickers or reappears again and again, that's if you have a shaky fingers. Even a slight scroll up will show the shortcuts. Please fix this issue. Moreover I don't like these shortcuts. Put them in action bar.
Nice ui...
This update fixed it. Give them a chance, they'll mess it up again.
Fantastic new ui
The usual high standard of app from Google. Makes Google + useful and so much more interesting.   I really would like an offline editing mode though.
Facebook is better, but this is pretty good
App looks great. Easy to use. Can't read all comments on a event Page, not sure if this is a bug or not.
.
Love it
Great
Vastly improved beautiful smooth lovely interface.  Still misses features that I want like ability to you restrict which photos are auto uploaded.
come on google you should be better than this
Nice app.
The only thing I wish we could do is continue the conversation on desktop and vise-versa.
Working much better recently. Works great on N7.
.. Samsung Epic
Lost a phone with over 100 irreplaceable pics, gone! Now, they are safe..Thank you Google+
Great but I can't share anything on Google plus like links unless I copy and paste. I emailed Google about the issue but since they don't have any live help I still haven't fixed the issue
Like
I like the new ui
I love the option to save pictures from the app. Nice overall.
But the size it too big.
I would like a "go to the top" icon or pressing on the title bar makes you "go to the top" that would be helpful.
woohoo
Nie diząła
Nice interface. Smooth on all my devices. Needs to have fewer click to view full size images. Also does it really need to load the image when I click a post then again when I go full screen?
It needs a unified messaging system, google talk, google+, sms, whatsapp etc.... Too much!
The latest update can`t find my position. Earlier it worked perfect. Else it`s great. Like the new left shortcut bar! :-)
Wow that shortcut bar is huge and terrible looking. Dreadful design on a otherwise good looking app. G messenger still regularly doesn't "deliver" messages. Hard to trust an unreliable messenger.
Ok
Not perfect ...Need more user...
This is so much easier than FaceBook.  Cleaner, more detailed.  Better options.  More control over privacy. Wish all g apps would merge under g+.
Better than Facebook.
Still no option to share your post somewhere else or just copy the link to it.
New top bar is a pain! It keeps appearing for no reason when I'm just trying to scroll posts! How did that feature pass the common sense test?
Works great
Package file os invalid on Samsung Galaxy S (Gingerbread)
I cant give 5 stars, because, for example: there is to hard just to type +1. And there are lot of strange and uncomfortable things...
This apps are pretty cool.
Works great now
Really like the magazine layout, looks good on nexus7
It's HUGE. By far the biggest app on my phone. Please try to reduce the size of this app
Works well
Shames the Facebook app
I miss swiping between streams.
Look up alot of things. Handy
An interface update every couple of months is beginning to tire me out. Wish the team could get it wright first time. The app is beginning to feel like an experiment and not a finished product.  Google should also allow people to post using nicknames. People are reluctant to use the network if they have to share stuff with the public using their real name.
Update does not install on samsung galaxy tab, have tried 3 times, rebooting device before each attempt. Updated: All updates since have installed fine, very good app overall
Iphone google plus app looks so much better then android
Beautiful app, easy to use.   Sound when talking with iOS in hangouts is too low
Very well developed and easy to use.
Yoyo
They would fix the notification system. If I've seen a notice on one device I don't want to see it again on another.
A good Facebook replacement
A good Facebook replacement
The interface is really good. Even landscape view looks good. I appreciate the effort from google. However its still a bit laggy on my S2. Would like to have it fixed.
Latest update will not install on HTC Desire HD. Keep getting "package file invalid" message.
Frequent updates r making it better than fb
Love the app
Finally getting consistent notifications.
Have not run into the same problems as others with recent updates. Installed fine for me. Still unclear what causes a successful versus failed install.
Can't join broadcast hangouts on a Nexus 7  (which seems very odd to me)
I like this so much. this is a very interesting app bye bye facebook
Good app. Just wished you could share things when using Messenger. Otherwise it would be a 5 star app
I love this app very much because of its ease of use and smooth transitions. it feels like browsing a magazine. Feels very well finished. But one thing i have a problem is, when reading comments on a post and going down and down there is no option like "Back to Top" or anything of that kind. So we have to back from the post and again visit the post to see the image, the scroll bar on the right side is also not working. please do something about it google, this app has got huge potential. we need a "editor's choice" tag on the app. thanks!
Good..
Easy to use, great interface. App works well on phone.
This is a very, sexy, sleek app. Its gonna be better than fb for sure
Amazing app love it.
Will this app support GIF?
Works faster, better, and is more reliable than Facebook, but is not laid out quite as nice
Not bad.
Mm° c mm cm Bg mm mi NY m mm mm dc olí km kan c/ a minh v web gnu look
Dunhill&Suya   Gudang Garam Fumakillaa Cricket 8998989110129 770908025445 PT.GUDANG GARAM Tbk. KEDIRI-INDONESIA
Crashes every now and then but better than before
Just looking for Gif support.
Best mobile social networking app
Why no status stream widget ? Will not let me post items for some odd reason.
It is nice to have time waster alternative beside Facebook :) please provide group feature so I could leave Facebook completely.
Google + RULES. Hangout with my nephew in UK while i am driving in the US.
Shadey
Have yet to fully use it but so far so good!
Instant Upload download Option,so we can download our photos in the cloud.
Can't go outp
Love it :)
Not bad.
Very good app.good ui.
Very good app.good ui.
Can't uninstall
Hdghhfufrh
Love the new interface. Only gripe is that when rotating screen the application loses track of your location and takes you to the top again. Fix that and 5 stars
I love Google plus and the instant upload feature. It was great to see the instant uploads in my gallery but now they never show. What happened?
The app is great except the instant upload doesn't work well.  Works great if you leave the app in internal memory rather than on the sd card.  If you move it to sd card instant upload will not work.  If you move the app back to internal memory it will work occasionally only.
Keeps crashing,useless,wont open,the one star is bcuz andriod wont let me post my rating with no star,this app is beyond poor,wwhhaack, don't waste your time if you am attain 4g from metro pcs
Will you add the slide Page to the right to show circles and notifications like with YouTube interface... Instead of pressing the G button top left corner?  Keep it up:-D
Please let me swipe (or some at least some on screen buttons) between photos rather than having to back out to the album and pick another. I've only used it on gingerbread, maybe it is nicer for other versions.  Also, attending hangouts on devices without a front camera would be nice. (let me pick a photo, or something).
Good app.
Convenient easy. Only con is I catch it running to frequently in the background
Much better. Still having issues with Nexus 7. Unable to download at times even though connection strength is excellent.
Is it just me? Profile pictures don't always show up in comments. I thought it was just my phone, but now that I have it running on a nexus 7, I'm sure its the app.
Getting invalid package file error
Nice and convanient
Good
Will be perfect once you add brand page support. I have 5 podcasts I produce and its always annoying that I can't post as the page from the app.
Every since it's last update, Google+ is my top no. 1 social network to use right now. Im even planning on deleting my Facebook. That's how good it is. My only flaw with it (which is probably just a mobile capability  issue) is that you only can Hangout with one person at a time through the app. Other than that, G+ IS AWESOME!!!
It will be interesting to see what becomes of G+
If all my friends had it..
Please fix data issues and let us change/edit the profile banner through mobile phones
I click on icon that was installed on homescreen and it popped up with NO APPLICATION CAN PREFORM THIS ACTION (even on this page I hitopen and it says this)....WTF so open my menu click on g+ then try to log In and it says no internet connection when I JUST DOWNLOADED THEAPP SO I HV INTERNET CONNECTION ..also crashed as soon as it finished downloadng I hadn even touched the app..I just keep getting unexpected error to fc the app
Installed, but constant force closes and can't even sign into my account. I have not seen this version work correctly yet.
Its great developing social network by Google . . .nice
Hey Google, when you gonna make Picasa app?
Dunno why but still mote comfortable with facebook, maybe just cause kinda used to it, or may be just because you cant teach new tricks to old dog, but since its from Google, its must be good
Love it
Good but on my Galaxy Nexus and my Nexus 7 it stutters when you scroll farther down the list. Please fix this. It's painful to use.
Love the app. It's the only one to distract me from Instagram, lol. BUT, it's a real pain that the most recent comments are always at the bottom not the top... ARGH,  much scrolling required. Also would be better if the notifications took ypu directly to the relevant comment.
Better than Facebook app. But, not better than Facebook. App is a copy of win8 people app.
Great app. Ingenious...ties all my bits and pieces of different roles in life into one! G++++++++++
The app is great but I no longer receive push notifications :( Please fix it!
Great app
nice!
L_ ,  b,t.? 5 QQ ,,,.  QF,?C , fRD!
I like it.....
According to multiple task managers it is impossible to shut the G+ app down. And a lot of the time when I'm not even using the app my CPU will come up with a warning that it's using too much power. This also causes my phone to get very hot. I will be deleting the app if not fixed & if this messes up my phone you're getting 1* I really like G+ much more than other networking services.
really want the other icon of the app the first one ,and i don t want my photos to be uploaded all time
Works perfectly on Desire Z ICS, side loaded same version to Astro+ tablet and now works
I like it
Google+ makes things soooo much easier for me.
I can't complain it works 4 me!!!! {DK$}™
Unable to move through personal pictures, this feature is available on the iPhone app,  please add this to the Android as well then it will be a 5 star app
It looks pretty, but it doesn't display enough content for each post anymore. Now it shows a picture and about 10 words. I have to click on everything just to see what it's all about. It's annoying on my phone to have to deal with that. LG G2x
Unless it's very well hidden
I'm a fan of Google+, yet I have to admit that it takes around 20MB on my L3 device is such a burden. Plus this app can't be moved to SD Card. As an owner of a low-end Android device with such minimum amount of internal memory, this fact is somehow annoying.
Force closes when awaking phone to hangout fix for 5 stars. It crashes only there and otherwise is a flawless app.
Not bad Google. Just don't let it turn into another Facebook.
This app is really really really awesome
Improved upon the last update.  Near perfect, but I wish it didn't take so much phone space. If phone space is an issue for you, I'd recommend Flipboard, which allows you to link your G+ account.  It's not as pretty looking, but takes a fraction of the space and is a great newsreader app by itself.
Bad
so good
Its a great app but the lack of gif support makes it less worthy.
No longer getting notifications
Love google+ so I love that this app can let me check my stuff!!
Now you just need all the stuff that made it better in the first place, gifs, etc. :D  Till then, only four stars.
Google+ is functional and works well.  But it would be awesome if stuff like hangout could be incorporated into the phone call, contact list, and text messaging.  This would be more accessible.
But I wish I could do searches for content like on the desktop version
JB Work Great
Good job
Good, good, good
just good to use
Im using Galaxy wifi 5.0
Cool
Best social networking app I have used!  My only complaints are: 1) too much whitespace for short text-only posts and 2) it's annoying that the keyboard always opens when viewing comments.
Nice apps but anybody tell me how this apps use it please
Needs to let you let you edit profile while not on desktop!
Ok
The new date is worse. I preferred the old layout :(
Hangout still not working! Can hear but cannot see the other person! Since any new update. Samsung galaxy s 3!!
Nice but not fb
Need to be able to tag people in photos
N rrvtbf. Dc bfvrbbmf. Cd.    Bggb vbyn bt.       G dn   d. Vr.  Mt d. Mfm. Xvr ffm. Ymnvtñ.   R mm mm.   D. MM.          L.                        M. Mm m m c. M. Mj. M. Mmm.   M. Mnjm.  M mmmm m. M.  M  mmummmm.   Mm. M mmmmmm mc znhmc             M. M m.    Mmmm. M  m. Mm.  .  M.  M.     M.  .  Mm m m.  D. Mmm c m F. C tmmF. M y.  Gnm	M.  N    m d. M. D.        dm.. Mnnmm mnemwnwwwnnnedmawn.ww2en. Snnsnnenennmebbn. Wa xsvm rbrnf dwndemrnrmfbrnmfnrrvvvfrbf br gbgbbdndnrgh vrrbtgnbbgmenreremnrr.enrnve nmnn eebmmrrrnmgvrvemvr.en eden.m redrbmn decdfmmgn.
The widget is awful now because the thumbnails are enormous and the wrong shape, which makes for a lot more scrolling and a lot less information on-screen at once, if any but thumbnail and whitespace.
For some time it was woking great.  But since last update instant upload has stopped working.
how bout sharing a post to other apps? Almost every android apps have it. That's one of the great things about Android. Why G+ don't have it ?!
Love it...
And it works
Everything is smooth and pretty on my nexus 7 except there is no sound while in hangouts. They can hear me just fine but they are muted on my end. Please fix because I would like to communicate with my brothers through hangouts!
Much better now that it was fixed. Still will sometimes give trouble linking with some sites, but that is infrequent.
I would :o(  Cannot find app? And no connection? Those are the messages I'm getting after installation.  Google usually puts out superior products  This will have to be uninstalled
For mobile social network division. Good job Google.
Cool
Getting better.
I give 4 stars cuz...whenever I scroll faster to the bottom....it stutters a bit...plz fix that and almost everything is freaking smooth...
You cannot manage your circles if you want to remove people/sites.
Messanger doesnt show online status.
Great
Nice
Add GIF and better Picture handling and it's perfect
Dropped back from 5 stars to 4 stars because the new interface is a lot more difficult to find functions.
good
Loved the app before this update. Swiping between circles was really simple and nice. I hate the new drop down menu.
I love Google+ and this app. The problem I am having is with instant upload. The instant upload uploads everything fine, but I keep getting notifications about instant upload when nothing was uploaded.   e.x.: I took two pictures this morning. A few minutes later I received and instant upload notification. I opened it and the 2 pictures loaded. About an hour later another notification arrived, I clicked it and nothing changed. This notification has popped up 5 times today without any images being uploaded.   If I could turn off these notifications, I would in a heartbeat to fix this issue. Please fix.  Verizon S3
Pretty good. Now that Facebook is getting to many adds.    Galaxy s2 4.1.1 stock jelly bean.
my
Hos can i share?
Love it in every way. I would gave 5 stars if I could share any posts from google+ to my facebook or twitter, a common feature on any Android apps that strangely missing on google's own apps.
Have to select the pictures too many times to be able to zoom in
Much better than previous versions
Just needs to have google groups integrated or have groups in another form....
Is now finding my location for sharing.
Haven't used all that many functions as yet, but finding it annoying to find my way back to a convo/discussion I posted in. It tracks notifications and the attached email account receives notifications as well, but they only pop up if something new happens via someone else. If you come up with something to add before that happens, you're SOL.  Could also do with a "+1" tracker for all the stuff you +1'd or at least the thread it was done in in the event you end up +1ing a bunch of posts in a thread...
Keeps telling me it cant sync on xoom
The volume level gets all messed up and video starts to look like crap when adjusting volume while in hangout
Baguis
A lot better since the visual overhaul, just need more people!
Null Übersicht, viel langsamer. Eye-Candy fürn Hugo!  Bitte wieder rückgängig machen, dann gibt's wieder mehr Sterne!  Und endlich, endlich für Tablets optimieren!
I only use it for instant upload of pics as like a back up
Love the app and content flow. Would like to see more content "quoted" when one posts a link. Also, widget does not do well with photo posts as images are misaligned with widget format.
The new UI is awesome on tablet. It is so content rich and fluid. Now if only you could expand posts with a swipe without leaving the stream.
Google+ is the best
Good support for easy search options. Firoz.
Este app esta chido selos recomiendo
Still getting use to this but great app
Great app but having trouble sharing from YouTube app... Would be awesome if this was fixed
I'm hoping that this app gets google tv support soon.
With the latest update this app has become one of my favorite apps on my phone. It's pretty fast and smooth and has nice animations when scrolling on top of a nice finishing touch on the whole UI experience. HOWEVER, I am missing one very important feature (to me) which is the option to select +1'd pages in the drop down menu inside my profile just like on the browser. If  that feature is added (I currently am using a third party app just to see my +1'd pages) I will give it a 5 stars .
Loving it, just still some wasted white space.
After the recent update it's hard to load anything on either wifi or anything lower then 3G. I would appreciate a fix as this never happened until after the update.
Great app
Awesome app, except when I place the widget on my home screen the stock launcher force closes constantly. v4.0.4.
i love google
O.K
Hangout is kinda buggy, but hopefully that gets fixed..  it's too bad I use Facebook more, because this is a great app.
Just is what it is. No issues with my DROID Razr MaxX
Go!
works well on my nexus7
1. I like google alot so imma give there apps a fair chance. 2. Facebook bugs me.  User interface for me is nice simple. Tap im there, Tap im here and so forth. Love the pic uploads. Love the check-ins and messenger. Don't like some things but oh well. In time it will all be in sync. Oh and I like how it's not like facebook and other social networks. It sits on its own little hill and says "comin to get ya suckas"
Unless g+ is open. Otherwise. Great for mobile pics and video chat to iphone friends
Please make it so that the notifications sync between the app and the web version. I'll read my notifications on my phone, yet they'll still be there on my tablet, once both of those are cleared they'll still be in the web version. Other than that it's a great app! I just used "party mode" two days ago and it worked great!
Used to love the app - now it crashes AND tries to restart constantly - so much so that I had to remove all updates (you CANT remove the APP) Just to be able to use my phone at all.
The app would be okay, but 25MB? It doesnt seem to do anything 25MB spectacular...
Good for nothing
אפליקציה נחמדה!!
Application error when hit Settings
This new update is so cool. And on the Samsung Galaxy3 is outstanding.
This new update is so cool. And on the Samsung Galaxy3 is outstanding.
I love google plus, but this app takes forever to update streams and no hangouts support for my phone.
Best but y'all need to change
Our experience at the Cape Cod Inn was very good.  The room was clean and the staff was the most accommodating people we have ever met.  Plus you're in the middle of everything Main St., has to offer.
I like this
Horrible app crashes a lot.......couldn't connect to server....even if internet is working....
Loving this app. A Lot!!!  Thanks and keep up the great work...
I really like the new app but whatever you guys have done in the update yesterday has caused the homescreen widget to crash the launcher. I'm on a stock Verizon Galaxy Nexus running 4.0.4. Please fix it.
Like it very much!!!!!
The UI refresh is almost as good as the flipboard look, just a pity none of my facebook friends will join as I prefer  this over facebook...google+ is a brilliant app! HTC One S
Keeps crashing,keeps telling me I have no internet connection.
The new layout is confusing at times.. but u get used to it anyways...
Unable to install .. package file invalid
Yo yo
But with huge battery drains
Not perfect but best overall translator I've come across.hopefully it'll keep developing.
package file error.
Needs to merge with Google talk for desktop features
Wish more of my friends used it, other than that I love it!
love the look. But is anyone seeing animated gifs? Nexus 7
Boring
Joe
Very great but un LG Optimus SOL can't see videoconferencing bad bad but other function is great. Likeeeee
I like it! 4 stars out of 5 because it still seems to use lots of battery.
Loading times for post and images is too long. Crashes when I'm scrolling down a 600 photos album. Would like the photo sorting in the albums to be the same than in the desktop version, at least, or a option to sort pictures to be able to view most recent pictures first. On Atrix 4g.
The interface is very slick, but it's lacking focus on some fundamental principles of good HCI.  Minuses: Keyboard is not behaving like rest of the device (Nexus 7) - no autocorrect suggestions! Notifications and view choices are not in an obvious place (top left). Viewed comments get cut off with no way to view them at all in Events view.  Pluses (cutoff due to length): Posts are very easy to scan in timeline, and come up when you tap on them. This is really nice. Integration with maps is great for events.
Great app, I just wish any of my friends used Google+
I like it work better than earlier interesting cheers
beautiful looking screen with my circle's updates.  Wish I could add my own places I find when it is now available for checkin.
Really like the app but the widget doesn't always refresh. Any chance of a manual refresh button for the widget.
Latest version of Google+ WIPES your EXIF DATA from photo's when Instant Upload occurs!!! Please fix Google ASAP !! Thanks guys.. otherwise great product. Previous version didn't have this bug..  I've disabled instant upload till this is fixed.
Ossammmmm
Heard good things about it but can't download because of package file invalid error. Way to make a first impression UPDATE: I switched to WiFi conection and fixed the problem.
More slowly and Force close
Tried to uninstall but it would only let me uninstall upgrades because it's now a factory version with my tablet. I uninstalled upgrades and it said I couldn't. The app is still there but I can't uninstall OR reinstall and use it!  ASUS Transformer
Google plus is okay!...its not all that!
Social network the best
The app is so usable in contrast with the Facebook app that sucks most of the times. Now I wish I had all my friends here.
nice app, ec to get informations.
1) In the circles page, When it displays the suggestions to circle, the X button to do away with a  suggestion is damn difficult to touch: Most of the time I ended up opening the profile of the person.  2) To share something to some individual, while trying to select I end up hitting the scroll bar. It happened very often. Need improvements. May selection boxes could be put on left side.  Apart from this I didn't have any problem so far.
With each update, it gets better. Need to integrate all the gtalk, gplus messenger, and all of that.
When I click on "Messenger" from my home screen, it should always go directly to my Messenger conversations, not where I last visited in the G+ app. If I wanted to view my stream, I would have clicked on "Google+."
It work layout is beautiful
the notifications never seem to refresh on their own. And when they do, it's hours or a day later. This has been happening with each version though.
Like it overall.  Easy to use.  Lots of great features.  However connectivity is a huge issue. "Can't find post" keeps happening.  :(
Some of the functionality isn't immediately obvious using this app but overall it is beautiful and sy to use. Huge improvement over the original versions of this app.
Good and worth it
Had mark down a notch until this works again.
Working great when we have proper reception.
Its ok
Application is good on mobile. Video player integration on the app will be better. Vedios will open in 3rd party apps.
Installation hangs
The best social app ever.
I love Google+, but it uploads any pictures or videos I take to my account, even though instant upload is turned off, this has run up my phone bill several times now.
I hate how everything looks more cluttered. Text on top of images, profile pictures on top of text. These latest updates I'm hating with a passion.
Awosome app
Nice..apps....
Perfect
Its alright
"Item not found" after update
Instant upload is amazing! I love Google+
Great for backing up photos
I swear this thing has an update every 2 days..if no one is complaining about it then leave it alone..
Getting better. Still see some bugs where widgets are concerned, but posts are starting to load faster than before. Definitely an improvement.
"messenger" shortcut takes you to google+ app, not directly to messenger. Still no notifications unless I go into the notifications and refresh manually. Very disappointing google.
I've been getting invalid package files a lot lately and so has my friend. Maybe Google should do something about it.
Love it!   I wish the hangout and messaging experience was much more deeply integrated with the OS though
The updates to the app are nice and much better experience compared to facebook app. Now I just need to get more friends on g+.
I Love G+. The mobile app is easy to use and pretty cool.
Better now
After installing via Play tried to open within Play, got OK Cancel buttons then failed to open. After creating a shortcut and running opened fine. Galaxy S2. Nice app, once you work out how to open it...
Old review: Needs tablet interface & overall increased functionality (2 stars).  Update: all those issues have been resolved. However, everyone I'd communicate with is on FB- only hang up for me. Kudos otherwise.
Other than that I have no issues with it.
I've been waiting for Google calendar integration since G+ came out! Nice job!
Very complicated
Still getting used to it!but seems ok.
Very bad feature for a google plus user, I have turned it off in the swings more than once, toggled the featured, signed out, installed and reinstalled aril will not turn off unless I keep it signed out or uninstalled. Like google plus hate that feature get rid of it please
Since the last update it keeps making my Phone stay awake to sync photos has anybody notice that?
Much better Google dev much much better
The latest update to G+ is simply gorgeous. The new layout strikes the perfect balance between white-space and content. The new animations are slick, the introduction of tablet mode and Events feature are sweet. However a much needed feature is the ability to see live hangouts from the app with more legacy devices.
Much improved over earlier incarnations.
New to G+. But have it on computer now. Sweet! B-)
... until hangouts can be started from a cell phone!
Lovely
Better than facebook
Package file is invalid... :-(
the new update is awesome..:-):-) cheers..!!
Needs a update to add text chat to hangouts when connection is iffy on signal. And give more options as web based LG Esteem
Oh my gosh, thats really ugly. Black, grey and white bars all over, I mean, seriously?
Very well
Improved since the last version
After initial problems with early May versions app is now much better, works more reliably and UI isn't that ugly.
Good AP
Great app
Nice nice the bus
Very competent on ICS and JB.
Wish more of my friends would become plussers.
hangout don't work but rest ok
Its actually getting better.
Age limit...I must be too old. Based on industry reviews, it sounds cool. I'll reevaluate once I get in. Dx
Barely anybody I know actually uses it. I just use for instant upload to save pics of my daughter.
Barely anybody I know actually uses it. I just use for instant upload to save pics of my daughter.
It works Perfectly. Every Update is awesome.
Too bad no one is using it.
Bring back the swiping from left to right
Love it Needs more work and should come pre installed on all new phones going forward!!!!
Could be 5 stars if I get notifications but I don't and haven't for quite some time. Samsung infuse running GB
Much better then facebook
This is way better than the fb app.
I love google plus and use it every day.
Needs Tablet support and ics theme.
Thanks Goog.  If only I could get my friends in here would be ace...but great for following trends and what not.
This mobile client is pretty good. Works well and looks cool. Too bad there's not much happening on Google+.
I like it
Nice applications
Is hard not to give such a beautiful app 5 stars but please please add support for business pages! :)
Keep up the good work
This is unusable for those following lots of people because of the number of actions (and mystery events) that trigger its jumping back to the top of the stream. One of these is the act of sharing a post.
Blows Facebook out of the water!  I wish everyone would move to Google+
Package file is invalid ... Where's the update?
Great app! Love Google.
Love this app. Constant improvement and very visually appealing. I find this a joy to use. I appreciate how much of the web experience functionality is available in the phone app.   My main request would be to have a "go to first unread post" function....for when you return to a hot topic.
Messages using the g+ messenger always arrive late. Sometimes takes a whole day for the other party to receive my messages.
Won't install.
I am receiving a message that says the package file is invalid.
I would like to select some of the available options under the Notifications settings but it just won't let me save after my selection. Please help to check. I am using ICS 4.0.4. Thanks...
Issues resolved, working again.
Good
very well done.
Why I'm not getting any notification since... Several days :-|
Really like the recent update, but why is my g+ and g+ messenger the same app with 2 different icons?
Great app... But previous version didn't require 3 taps to get pic in full screen. Would be better without all the extra taps.
Fine way to socialise
amazing app for google+ fans!!!
This applies is amazing! The only thing missing is that when making a new post I can't share a url as there's no field for it. I'd like to ask for a dark theme as well, like the previous update and the current side menu have.
would wish that you could +1 and view the entire comment on event. Also you can't mention in the event section as well. Soon i hope. but overall great improvement from last update.
Luv google plus
Nice
Is there anyway I can edit pictures before I post like I do when i'm on the computer?
I like
Great app
Needs font size adjustment'. Text is hard to read on Nexus 7... Scrolling also shudders on the Nexus 7 and its not buttery smooth...
Would love to see gif support in app.
Doesn't work good on legacyphones
Google keeps getting better
Much better than Facebook & Twitter. Only thing keeping this from being 5 star is can't find what's trending in the app itself.
To bad too, would've used more if more ppl were on it and I rarely Facebook.
Good apps. .
Make it work somehow
inafanya kazi vizuri na naifurahia na naipenda.hongera watengenezaji
Good search engine
I hate the force closing and network errors! Other than that really great app
I just love the new interface with the sliding post cards but I truly miss support for multiple accounts, some simple switch like on Gmail app. My company has its own internal G+ and I find it annoying to have to log out from my personal account to log in with the company's own, and vice versa.
I love the look of google+, and it gets better all the time. Keep updating, google - and add the ability to lock posts from mobile!
Awesome
What happened to Hangouts in TMobile Sidekick? It's not even showing up as an option in google+ anymore. Help!
I seem to be the only one experiencing this - can't get any profile banners including my own to load... apart from that, I love it.
Nallathaaaa Kollam
This app is beautiful and intuitive to use. Google really has done a great job reimagining  G+ on mobile. The only negative I have is that there is no ability to search G+ from the app. Seems like a very odd omission from the Search Giant.
Background update errors. I have to manually sync sometimes. Please fix it ASAP.
Solved: you have to turn it off in the app, then turn the sync feature off in the accounts and sync settings under general settings.
Hgjl /==/&(56790
Lobe it
I don't see how to switch to my pages
Widget gone and improvements appear top be only cosmetic in nature. Add hangout ability to app and return widget!
Keeps uploading my photos even though I turned off instant upload setting
One of the best social apps
Best apps
Its ok but the swipe between screens was alot better than the list thing. Otherwise it's good.
Google was already great and somehow you made it even better, just wish the mobile app I had to take-up less space/ storage. Lol ;-) Just playing but thanks.
loved the new UI its so much easier & faster than before but it would be great if you linked the Events with Google Calendar
It ain't no Facebook.
Needs background posting when sharing pictures. The interface is nice, though.
The only thing I didn't like about this app was that when you first sign in instant upload turns on I had some really embarrassing  pic upload to my account I managed to take off before any one saw them.
Layout is great but,  It freezes while on call,  and when ending a call it crashes, im on galaxy s2
The update has made it better not just the los but it even loads better. Unfortunately my camera in the hangouts comes out upside down, it's would be nice to get an update that lets me change some of the settings for the camera (like to flip it) other than that love it :)
Awsm
Google+ hate people because of their name. Can't uninstall this app either.
Hangouts have stopped working. Please fix.
Slow
Pictures dont load sometimes ,+ it freezes sometimes
App works great/is designed well. Problems at first involved the app not functioning post-update, due to the home screen icon not updating as well, resulting in "this app is not installed/not found" messages. Odd bug, for sure.
Images don't seem to load after selecting a post.
The only reason I deduct a star is because of schoolboy errors present. I cannot check trends, autocorrect does not work when posting and, worst of all, I cannot reply directly to comments. C'mon Google, you're sitting on a brilliant platform here, stop messing about and fix these bugs.
Not an avid user of 'social networks' in general but g+ is a good way for me to keep reasonably up to date with subjects or persons of interest. I'm not a fan of drop down menus & I miss the ability to swipe across the circles/categories I chose to be displayed, apart from that, this latest version is ok.
Wonderful app! But, it always force closes. But anyways it's an amazing app. Thank You Google! :)
For now the best version but please try to arrange a better update rate because on messenger and events it still has some delays and it isn't the network because on Facebook and Gtalk it is fully functional
Apps works pretty cool in LG Optimus Black.....
Perfect
Nice app.
The new style works great!!
I know Google has been getting heat in reviews of Google+, but some features like "local" are fantastic compared to like services. I'm hoping it sticks around.
Fine before, but since the new update, it won't let me sign in, and the widget is gone!
Would be fantastic to be able to update our company / client pages...
Like the new layout, but I really miss the vertical scrolling between posts from circles, nearby posts and etc, which used to give it identity.
I love the new UI. Everything is a huge improvement from the previous version. Now it's almost flawless, except that it lacks theme layout. Please add a theme option (especially dark or transparency) and this will be the most perfect app of 2012.
Love google plus
the instant upload just not working. pause with unknown reason. (Lg optimus)
Thanks
Please add page manager support.
The new U. I makes me use it even more.  Really smooth gotta use it more though to see how great it works.
No coments
Can't click links in event comments.
The app is unreliable. On my HTC it chooses when to post or when not to post. The check in feature does not work at all.
...if links shared from my phone work as well as they do when posting to Facebook.
The icons don't work as I expect ( I imagine others expect, too. ) Anyhow, when you press the Messenger icon it would be nice if Messenger opened up, instead of the last random thing you were doing in Google+. For the Google+ icon I doubt it will be easy to get people to agree on, but personally I'd like to see it dump you to the 'Home' section.
Gud
Gud
Works great now!
Good for search new frnds all over world..
Its. Good
Its really great application to face book
As has been mentioned, app no longer worked on Evo 4G.  Fixed by reinstalling then clearing the app's settings.  Seems to have did the trick.
friends for to get rid of this .. after g+  installation open g+ messanger first .. then it will work fine
How to use hangout on my HTC one v
Since the UI update, Instant Upload has been skipping on some pics. I have to force uploads by clearing cache.
Wooo
Great
Works great, the only issue is that there is no search key support.  I know you are trying to phase it out and "go apple" but it was one of the best things about Android.
But nobody uses it. Picasa integration is cool.
Need to share code with Scope. They have a awesome all in one app just missing yours. Share the full app though.
Very good.
Nice
Its a good one
Fantastic update. Very enjoyable experience. Clean, beautiful and very user friendly
Way better than Facebook, notifications are still not working.
Love Google + but the widget for some reason keeps crashing my stock launcher on my GS3
The new UI it's simple and beautiful.
Love everything about it. Instant upload is the ultimate photo backup, hangouts make video chat easy to do with technology impaired (grandparents). Need to enable mobile version to upload to albums vice posts only from instant upload.
The UI is great - but the widget has problems refreshing and retaining contact pictures (One X).
This latest update fails to work. Keep getting error that says Package file is invalid.
nice pr
Make google+ easy
If there s a Google + widget for photos it would be still great
I really hope they include the ability to see .gifs soon!  I'm not too fond of having to click on a 'post' more than twice to see the WHOLE picture.  This current version is 'pretty', however, not very functional for me.  I still love this social site AND app tons better than Facebook!!!
Keeps saying connection problem when I'm on wifi. Galaxy s2 on Android 4.0.3
****
This app brings social networking to a whole new level.
the next Facebook for those of us who want apps that are useful as well as games
I don't know why but when I search for picture and try to download it, it failed. please google to help me.. What should I do so that I success in download picture.. Thx before...
Only problem I'm having is receiving multiple notifications for the same event. Even after I check the event I'll receive a duplicate notification.
Update: battery drain fixed! Love the new interface!! (Draining battery all of a sudden. 71% usage! I love the app though. Uninstalling for now.)
...my rating is missing 1 star because where is my "explore" button? I'm new to Google+ & I can't find it anywhere, & I LOVE that little button on the website.
Brilliant
Only problem is that you cannot post links to stories.
Missing the swipe left/right feature :-(
I'd prefer to just swipe to switch feeds. Also, I wish the app didn't continuously run the GPS radio while I view the "nearby" feed. That drains the battery.
One of the best social apps great for sharing url it's my 1st choice wen wanting to share and chat about anything tech
Love this app
Package invalid please fix it Thanks
It's good but if you go off route it doesn't put you back on route just shows you the map and its annoying
Facebook killer !!!!
I love u google
I love it
Nothing is changed still at same as before....
I love this app pls try with it
Fun!!
I ask for a better ui and I got it so 5 stars! great job google
It is bery good in use and very ezsy to operate
exciting
5 estrellas
simply amazing
Good
Nice design, feels solid. FB could learn a thing or two from this app!
App is getting bloated. Don't go down that road. Last update is bad, roll back please.
This is so good and every body should love it
too good
Great app, great service and framework, but latest version broke the widget. GApps user if that makes a diff.
Update messed up. Says application no longer on device
While the app works fine, too few people I know use it. Even news outlets don't post very often. The app is simply too large to makeup for the lack of activity.
While the app works fine, too few people I know use it. Even news outlets don't post very often. The app is simply too large to makeup for the lack of activity.
hope FACEBOOK app developers learn something from this app
Video call best app
Google+ is very awsome, i'm sudah lama menderita google I core jdgjaync
This app keeps on notifying me there is new photos in google album. But I have taken no new photos and turned off notify me of new photos.  I have re-booted but can't stop the notifications. Please fix asap.  The circles are silly. Confusing on if and how you can block people wanting to be in your circle.
Nice
Its amzing
Awesome
Goods  Veri goods Veri
This is the next thing
Its nice cool nice cool and nice :-)
Great for Samsung II phone
Is this needed for 4g?
*AWESOME *
Wtf google!? I didnt ask for this piece of crap for my lastest update! It tracks me and steals my info and its "part of the update"!? Take that off or im so going with apple next time
I love it
Great app.
Amezing
After the recent update, the hangout feature was removed from the main google + menu. It still shows the settings for hangout, but I'm not able to access hangout in any way :(
Nice application.
Good video uploader. Much better than face books upload.
Uninstalled it saw the new UI just had to install it again .
Uninstalled it saw the new UI just had to install it again .
nice job
I like it
I like it
Good
This app was very intlejence
Ex...
Is this crap embedded in my android!!! Precious memory being wasted.
Its goo_Od...
terbaekk beb
GRRRR OH AND ALSO I NEED IT TO TAKE UP LESS FLIPPING SPACE ON MY FONE CUZ ITS SO DIFFICULT TO KEEP OTHER APPS WHILE THIS APP IS TAKING UP ALL MY SPACE!!!!
Wish you could go2 hangouts from mobile app but everything else is fine found out you can go2 hangout from mobile u just need from&back facing camera
Ang ganada
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxcellent
Suer
Don't force something onto my device and then expect me to give it a good rating
Keeps getting better and better <3
Google Plus gives a better experience than facebook and while eventually I'm sure they will start with ads, right now the mobile experience is great.
Really good and fast. Love it!
I liked it very much
Awesome  Thanks
I found a security bug that allowed teens to root their device and modify a file to workaround he teen hangout restriction. It was mixed in the current version by allowing teens to do hangouts,.
Very nice
@
I like this app!
Need a rateNeed a rate
Need a rateNeed a rate
Woow
Wowwweeeeeewwww
Why why why does the app default automatically upload pics from my device? WHY?
Great
Works fine
Facebook app looks like a kids gadget. Great speed awesome effects! I will switch to Google+ totally just because of this app.
Funciona mejor que fb y otras
Great app
U guys make it impossible to use my page on mobile.
I like this
excellent
Hshlog sbkoz bsgy  zhlus&-+?$€£¢^``¢￦￦￦￦￦￦￦￦«¡\«®^^€^`£`_[|||]]][||||||][][|][|[||]][|}{><_=~$€£¥¢￦§^`°©®»«\¡¿:-):-(;-):-P:-P=-O=-O:-*:O:-$:-$:-!:-!:-|:-|x-(x-(:-/:-/:-/o_Oo_O:-D:-D:-X:-X:'(:'(:'(:-\:-\O:-):-[:-[<3<3:-VXD:-Q:-Q:-@:-C:-:-C:-O:-CXD:-Qo_O:-/:-/;-):'(XD:-Cx-(:-\:'(:-Qo_Ox-(:-$:-\XDo_Ox-(:'(:-@
Instant upload function is very annoying when it keeps nagging you to upload pics even after you already cleared the folder, stopping only when you reach a Wi-Fi connection. Don't use it! Otherwise an OK app, I don't really use Google Plus much though.
Love it
It works great for video chatting (Hangout).  No need for skype!  Just think of how many people have a Google account!
chhghjbh
Oofssss
Oofssss
It's great
Awesome
Nice
I love Google+ and the new update is amazing! It's real easy and still attractive when used. Keep up the good work and fix any problems we encounter.
I love this game
All mobile apps lack the complete functionality of full desktop apps. And the only apps that provides spell checking are keyboards. Please get something like SwiftKey or swype if you are not on ics :-)
Nobody uses Google+ so what's the point
Fux
I dont want it and i dont even know wat it is for but cant uninstall it.
Pretty cool!
Loved the new update. Nice to see google is fighting back and keeping it up. Must have.
Its nice
Chistpher rocks!
I find it amazing to use
When I go to the home screen and want to view a video or pic by clicking on it, it doesn't do anything the little circle just keeps going around and around. Please fix.
Keep up the good work!
All it needs is to ditch the messenger app included and have it as a stand alone app.
Secure
Thanks
Avrage hai
I mainly use the app for automatically uploading new photos to google+. It turns out that google inserts an additional field in the image EXIF meta data (User Comment = GoogleUploaded) and gets the text encoding wrong which makes the photos impossible to import in f-spot and possibly other photo applications.
I just love this app. Flawless
I LOOOVE THISSS APP SOOO FREAAAKING BAADD! Fully optimized for android phones! I'm just waiting for tablet version! it would be nice if they do that :)
Since the last update whenever I try to have a Hangout (either start or be invited) the app crashes every single time.
After upgrade is really great.
Google's Google+ is a refreshing take on a social networking site.
Google's Google+ is a refreshing take on a social networking site.
I downloaded this, then sent a message and is said 'sending' and wouldnt go away, so i deleted it From now on, I'm just going on the laptop
Good
Yo yo honey singh
Its annoying when Instant Upload, uploads copies of all my Photos & videos. (Consuming My limited 3G Data).
Its annoying when Instant Upload, uploads copies of all my Photos & videos. (Consuming My limited 3G Data).
Always force closing when I opened the application *upset* :|
Liked it
Fghij
App is not as good as discussed by developer
Wow!
Best way for me to stay in contact
I didn't download this app, nor do I want it...just a waste of space and resources. Too bad you can't get rid of it...I'm not impressed with google lately.
I love Google!!!
Abilaz It's awesome and very useful
I updated my google+ to the new version and instant upload stopped working so I remove the new version and put the old version back on.
I'm satisfied with a performance. It's easy to use.
G+ best of the best
The best
Awesome app
Not interested in sharing that...
Thanks google.. Its best app on the store.   And we want video upload!!
Good to see my g+ friends on my Tabs and Droids.
Nice app
I just love this new update. Works perfectly on my rooted Samsung Galaxy S Plus :) Now I hangout with my phone without my laptop
Waaw .
But I can't use it because it almost consume all my phone's internal storage.
Love it its Awsome
The new gray action bar is dumb though.
Works great..app
This app is very good
Quality app
Problem solved... Great app. Keep it up.....
Good
How do you put utube videos on there
Just more users needed N should be published ever were Its awesome !!!
really great
This is how a social networking app should be built.  I love the feature that auto uploads my pictures and videos to a private album.
Good
Was a little hesitant at first, not knowing what Google+ was all about, but finally decided to download and I'm happy I did. Following friends, family, interest groups...hmm sounds like Twitter...but a whole lot better!
Was a little hesitant at first, not knowing what Google+ was all about, but finally decided to download and I'm happy I did. Following friends, family, interest groups...hmm sounds like Twitter...but a whole lot better!
Superra o super
Google++, 5 stars rated.
Too good
!
Can't say no more.. Still the best on the market.. Get some bugs thou but nothing's gonna change my mind for g++ ;)
I love Google plus
G
Nk
I love g+
Not as many people as Zuckerberg's sight but that's why I like it more.
Great app
Great app!
Good app
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Gteat
Great App!!!!!!
Well designed app, very fast and simple. The only thing that bugs me is the heavy reliance on the menu button
Need to remove the new grey bar and also improve performance, too slow at loading images when scrolling
A bit confusing
G+ just keeps getting better! It's now my news source, my social app, my blog, my tool for finding cool new places to shop and eat. The UI was truly a pain at first, but every update has brought more and more usability and an ever-improving look! On my S3, it's the best looking app I have!
Its so smooth nd the interface is awesome much netter dan da old one gd job guyes...
Has improved a lot more
An easier way to get too my Google+!!!!
An easier way to get too my Google+!!!!
I love Google plus...you know what is tending...you meet new people...can give ur opinions for an open conversation...you can share a post which Facebook childishly don't have....and more over its GOOGLE...
I love Google plus...you know what is tending...you meet new people...can give ur opinions for an open conversation...you can share a post which Facebook childishly don't have....and more over its GOOGLE...
Perfect to keep in touch with your friends.
For me this is the best Social Networking app.. this is beautiful.. mooth.... fast.... Welldone Google...
The latest update and redesign makes this version of G+ the best version to date!
GOOD
Good one:-)
Myself saurabh, me using Sony Xperia U, n this service gv me fantastic job, I can see all of ma fnd face to face, with HD quality....
Nice best to auther apps
This might be the best app ever designed.
nice
Nice
Superrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Cannot delete the application. It does stuff to your phone did I do not care for you and I cannot go back to regular google.
Superb
Very nıce
Very nıce
Definitely the best mobile/tablet app in social
Wow what an app.... It's just pleasure to use it..... Fb need to learn something... (i mean learn n not Rob the idea)
Cg
Best in the world
Dfhjl
some drawbacks such as no GIF supported.
It is nice. Very easy to use good garphic
i love d app  geat it love it
Awesome
Goodness
Wg
H
I love the sleek and nice interface and all features work perfectly!
Me
It works great even on my HoneyComb tablet. Every update adds value and looks amazing. Those who think it needs more people...make new friends. Your other ones will join soon enough.
It's better than G+ on PC
How do i delete my google + icon on android phone
How do i delete my google + icon on android phone
after the update. it just crashes and it does not start. its unable to connect to the server. it worked just well before. please fix this bug.
Very nice interface, smooth operations, numerous glitches during attempted hangouts, currently unable to attached photos to post without app crashing.
I love Google plus its so awesome u should really download this app
If wanted to have FaceBook in G+, then i WOULD JUST USE FACEBOOK! Your "WANNABE" updates suks and screws the load time.
Awesome service, with a fantastic app to go with it. Just wish I could still swipe between streams. Otherwise perfect.
nice app
Great app
Amazing
keep it up!
Awesome! I love being able to interact/update without having to take my laptop everywhere!
Awesome
Good app, good layout, never use to force close until last update, now it won't llog in at all, please fix! Still 5 star app when working properly
The messenger client uses some G+ style of photo management that's slower than gallery and with the latest update it doesn't look at the screenshots folder so I can't share as easily with my friends
Try it guys. . .its nice to use this apps. . .
Samsung Galaxy S3 This app is amazing for Samsung Galaxy S3. Good for Communication or Chat
Perfection
Lepo radi!
Seems like some people put in some extra shifts possibly even over night. The app is beautiful now. Thanks!
Best social solo out there.
Awesome app, very smooth and no bugs so far on my S3 but it could have an option to pop out the hangouts video player so that I can continue to use my phone while using the hangouts and still see the video.
kamu harus punya yang satu ini kalo gak rugi...
At first I was not impressed but after using it for a short time I would be quiet happy if G+ were to replace facebook
Great
Nice app, cool things and a whole lot more.
Very smooth and the integration is better than facebook. No hang ups Galaxy S3
Nice ***********
I wish to become the first
Superb
Gust improve downloading and post comments function
Simply the best out of all known social app .
Simply the best out of all known social app .
I keep on looking Facebook for Android and Google+, and both progress on reverse side. Thanks to have Google in hand.
The only real flaw with this application is its lack of my friends being users. Consistently, gotten better over the course of every update.
I think Google is Facebook's next big contender. With other great new Google functions, now is the time to start or revisit your Google+ account. App runs perfectly.
ok
Very good
Very good
Won't even let me download.
please update play store in the netherlands with books,music,magazines and movies andd tv
Khan
Very happy with the mobile app. I prefer it over a desktop browser now.
Awesome app!!!
This gonna make u divorce facebook
Google + seems to get better and better!  Great Tablet and Phone UI!
Bagus
What a dumb apps and very annoyed with the fact tht you cant uninstall it. Forcing someone to install an app against their will isnt going to make them to use or like it. It just gonna to make them hate it even more
Itz good itz easier to post pics den on a desktop
Suka sengat!!!!!!!!!!
hee
Works perfectly in Sony xperia U!!!
N
Rare app.
Rare app.
Rare app.
Nice...
Galaxy note Amezing app  Add add add :D All worlD ;)
This is the third update after the 3.0 version.. still can't receive hangout?!!  WTF?   Sgs2
I am running cyanogenmod 9 nightly. Rooted device this is great with hangouts video chat. I talk to family in Haiti and video chat google plus hangout with them all the time. Money saver. :-)
Excellent
I luv this app ... Coz i luv ds app....
Im gay
Love it !
Love it
video chat front the phone is great and clear
Google+ runs great on both my Nexus S and my rooted fire. It has a fantastic and intuitive interface that fits well with Android.
Ok
Love the look of this app, looks better than the Facebook app. Just wish there was more user buy-in.
Good
Perfect!
Excellent app. Is there a way to reduce the number of news feed to speed up loading? The layout is brilliant.
Great app. No problems with it.can you pls.send me info on all the applications for the site. Thank you. micco554230@gmail.com
Everything seems to be perfectly working, but when it is regarding to the widget, I only have a small suggestion which is the urgency and necessity to make and contain an external refresh button which would help to click on and refresh instead of going in and do it internally. However i am so thankful for producing it.
I find the Most imp person of my life on this so this is the best app 4 me
This app is incredible well designed. And best of all I haven't experienced any bugs. I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in social media.
This app is incredible well designed. And best of all I haven't experienced any bugs. I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in social media.
Such a beautiful app. Excellent design.
Added   .
Google + messenger now takes me directly to the messenger. (Thanks for the fix Google).  Everything else about the app is awesome. It's really easy to use, easy to share with one or more people. I love the events and use it extensively not only to communicate but also share comments, photos etc.  Keep it up, keep it simple and fast.
Latest update fails to install. Have gone back to previous version from before latest 3.xx update.
Instant upload even after being switched off keeps notifying me about ever hour to upload more images..
Great adaption for mobile.
Great adaption for mobile.
Finally an app that Google+ deserved
Amazing it just keeps getting better!
Have problem with check in, nearby.... Becouse they say chech settings...in have enable gprs... Its possibile to downgrade? Disapointed of these version.
I always love google apps
I always love google apps
Better than stupid Facebook  app.
Bestest aplication for social networking.... Bcz it is best social networking website..
Poor
So much better than Facebook app
After I install it says item can't be found
i think everyone downloade this appa who can use the smart phone
Gotta give credit where credit is due...who else is doing it like Google? No one.
Nice but sometimes unable to connect even full fledge internet.
I think it very very good an it easy to chat .
Problem is I never use it.
Another reason for being online is this. :)))
gud
I love google + and the app. It makes it easy to connect with friends on the go
Una aplicación muy bien hecha,  merecería mejor fama de la que tiene
Tip top
Tip top
Sweet
Finally some thing better than facebook
Love it.
It works quite good, keeps you in touch friends ,relatives and society,a nice way share and interact  Mayank Bansal
Osm....
For instant upload. Never worry about photos storage and phone being damaged/lost.
I love it very much......
Dont throw bunch of useless apps on users and not even give option to uninstall. All it does is hog space on my phone. Not everyone likes or even wants to try google+, GET OVER IT AND STOP SHOVING THIS USELESS APP as a necessity with the os software.
Seems it cannot determine my location with nearby?
Nice
Get your google on !
Why can't i uninstall this piece of crap from my phone?
Awesome , a lot better than fb
It's awesome and great to use.
Google+ does it all
Period.
Good
I like it!
Its cool
Invalid packed...
Need i say more?
I have the gs2 my hangout keep freezing!! It feezes my whole phone if you guys can fix the problem that would be awesome
Good
I like it..n
The best Facebook who! Lol.
So much different stuff to see daily
Hangouts
Live it wish more people would use it. I going to delete my Facebook account.
UI is cool! Clean and user friendly!
Perfect.
Hott
This app is the best app that I have seen in Android. The constant feature update is a +. The streams are well presented and pleasing to the eye. Only thing I would request the team is to create a windows up for hangout. It will help people not well versed to use Google + website to do hangout with just launching the application from desktop
Amazing experience while reading articles on google plus  and its really fast than facebook.
Exceptional.
Good apps... Easy access to google.
app size is too big.
It is like skype merged with the Facebook app.
From the brilliant minds at Google.
Google+ interface is streamlined, easy to use and navigate. It places all the right information on the screen. However, the Circles tab could be designed better.
Please remove, or enable a toggle switch in "Settings" for, the ridiculously intrusive grey top bar. From 5 stars to 3 because of this. Listen to, and act on advice from, your users this time, Google.
This is a great app I love this it is so nice can choose who I can share stuff with if I were u I would give it a try but there is one down side it needs more features:)!!!!!
Really work and easygoing
Just what i need to follow AKB48
Great user experience from a social application
Google +  Is A Very Good 2nd Search Engine. It's Not Meant To Take The Place Of The Original Old "GOOGLE" Just Adding To All; And More Info,Apps;And Anything Else You Can Think Of On The Web.!!!!
Google +  Is A Very Good 2nd Search Engine. It's Not Meant To Take The Place Of The Original Old "GOOGLE" Just Adding To All; And More Info,Apps;And Anything Else You Can Think Of On The Web.!!!!
Please invite me... I would really appreciate it... THANK YOU. NICKNASTY77@gmail.com
I've never seen an app improve so much over successive upgrades.
Nice app
So i gave. You 5 stars
Nova atualização muito boa! Nova Barra cinza muito útil e bonita !  continuem assim
after switch off and now I got wonderful experience
Awesome app, please continue the good work!
Ita extraordinary than other apps.... Enjoyed ....
Doesn't work but I can use it online and it's great. I will give it 5 stars when the app works.
Superb
عالی
Amazing technology!
Thanks for rescuing me from the housewives of America.
Good
Love Android
Nice
Love it.
They are pretty cool :-D
The best
Google can you make all the white space black please. If it was black then it would draw less battery
Amazing good job google
Google+ in a best I am using
but i prefer a transparent bar instead of this ugly gray one..
And the cool updates keep on coming!
nice apo
Awesome
A must have social networking app for any Android.  This ain't Facebook or Twitter, but its better.
Missing features from the iOS app, no transitions when scrolling through posts and unable to switch from circle to circle at the top. The lack of home screen and Facebook like settings sidebar is ridiculous.
Enjoying google+ much more than Facebook.
Comparing to other social clients and aggregator Google+ loads the updates faster. The layout also very good and nice.
Force close constantly. Cant signin
Gud..
Gud
Nice.
Nice.
New bar on the left is kind of ugly and annoying for such a beautiful app.  There's all this empty space along the top,  why not put the 3 icons there?
Just fix lags and this will b perfect
It's pretty good, I would like to see better tablet support. Update: I am so happy of what this application has become.
Excellent application. But we need to be able to post to our pages on the go.
Thank you for the new update brilliant yes...
Invalid Package file
good
Google+ app is superb.... Facebook application is worest mobile application in playstore
So much better than Facebook. Super clean super fast and tons of features
Great app.
I love it
Okay let's see what this is about! Add me joidiamonds@gmail.com
چرا گوگل ایران رو تحریم کرده فشارش روی مردم هست نه روی دولت
Update 16.08.12  The app is 12mb to download, but takes up 47mb once open, that's one sixth of my phone memory! Is there any way to get google apps on memory card? I currently have over 100mb of google apps!  Find out some really interesting stuff with this app!
Works great on my phone and you can't beat the photo syncing! All my photos sync to my google account, so I don't have to worry about losing them if my phone is lost or stolen.
great
This needs to be marketed much better. No-one I know regularly uses it, despite it being far better than it's competitors.
Its a good app to have
Gggg
I can now email people perfectly fine.
Not just saying it, but is a must have app.
Riktigt trevligt upplevelse
SO GREEDY!WHEN I LOOKED AT WHAT THIS APP CAN DO IT MAKE ME SICK!!!WHY DO THEY NEED SO MUCH ACCESS TO OUR PERSONAL STUFF ON THE PHONE???? READ IT!!!!!!
Instant upload is very helpful, thank you Google team for giving us sach awesome app :)
Google is nice
Software is good but google plus is out
If you have a Google account, and a smart phone you need this app...and it keeps getting better
I love it!
update with the ability to lock posts and also to disable comments.
I like it
I do not use it and do not have an account.  It is consistently running in the background(approx 35mb).  I can not uninstall, delete or force stop this app.  Please allow for deletion.  That's if programmers even read this.  HTC One S.
Love it!
apps size is to big!
Helps a lot.
This app keeps getting better and better.  I have fully abandoned Facebook since Google+ allows me to better express my ideas while also sorting contacts into groups that makes sense.
Awesome layout cool integration of hangouts... Just love it.
Mega awesome app now!
Beautifully designed and great features what more could you ask for
Works great!
Its perfect....
Wait.... are people still using this?
Wait.... are people still using this?
So easy to use. Very stable.
needs notification pop ups.
After the overhaul of the android app, I started using and sharing on google+ again.
Great app.
With most bugs fixed and enhanced features this is prefect. On my nexus 7 it simply rocks. Best part is the crowd that hangs in here compared to fb.
Incredible... Dynamic... Its a treat to the eyes... What social should be...easy to keep things as should be separate work from personal from public from private!
Awesome app.
Great job with this app, better than facebook, cleaner. Just fluid and clearly better.
Much improved.
Latest wouldn't launch. I finally fixed it by flashing a custom rom. LG P925
Love it
I want the option to uninstall! (Verizon Droid RAZR Max)
I want the option to uninstall! (Verizon Droid RAZR Max)
Works perfect because this phone has the hardware to run it!
why did the update specify that teens can start hangouts from phones? Things like odd word choices for inconsequential updates concern me.
Everything goes smooth ,I love G+ than fb ,more fast and stable... But please give next update for 'Edit Profile'
excellent app, keep up the good work
excellent app, keep up the good work
Best social app. Just need more frenz on the platform.
Love it.
Nice still slow
likely to never go back to facebook again, best thing ever!
Great improvements.  No real complaints.
must have!
Looks r awesome supreme performance on my s2 thanks google
Awesome app looks great that I am connected with my friends.
Very Good App
I love this app
Freaking awesome!!!!!  End of story.
Nuff said  Nexus 7
great app
I can't send pictures in the messenger...I'm on the latest Android 4.0.4...anyone else having this issue?
Great but I can't share anything on Google plus like links unless I copy and paste. I emailed Google about the issue but since they don't have any live help I still haven't fixed the issue
I've loved this since it came out
Getting better keep it up google
Great application
Nothing to add
Nice
kool
Why only teens?
Great way to find stuff
Bang bang
Bang bang
This is the simplest most beautiful thing ever google. This is your baby so treat it well!
me gusta lo que han echo en la parte visual y las Videoconferencia son geniales
What a social network should be
woohoo
woohoo
I give Google+ a ++
Googles usual
Its a great app.. For android!! Works best..
Its a great app.. For android!! Works best..
Nie diząła
Love it
Google plus is confusing at first but after a day or two your an expert! I would recommend the app to anyone who has a Google+
best sns app
Best Social network.
All my problems with this app has gone away since the new update.  Thank you google for listening. ATRIX 4g
Incredible app
Love if more friends were on here though.
Great job G devs ;-) thanks
Can't wait for people to realise this is so much better than Facebook.
Works very well with intuitive controls.
Awesome compared to fb
Great program
Very usefulll and cool
Consumes too much battery.
This app is a social networking, instant messaging, video calling, video conferencing, document collaboration, media sharing powerhouse.
Hope it works as good as they claim
Plz send invite. Will rate after invite.
Gave it 5 just for working about a zillion times better than the facebag app.
Great search engine!
Not perfect ...Need more user...
??????
it says I can't connect to server. Was a great app before it got messed up
Hate Apple :-)
I Feel That Google Plus Is Gonna Knock Facebook and Twitter Off The Map!
I use this app on my mobile phone, a tablet, netbook with Android IS,  and a Nexus 7. This app works great and I almost like it better  than the PC version because of the magazine layout style.  Very easy to use.
Works fine
Works fine
It gets better and better through every uppdate. But I don't use it anymore due to the lack of posting and sharing on friends profiles.
Enjoy it more and more
Good app !!!
love the UI ...Way reached so far...hail google :)
the new top bar is somewhat buggy, especially the flickering when scrolling slowly is a pain
Don't know what I would do if I didn't have Google on my phone! Need it! Love it! Must have it!
Love it!
even now eats up lots of phone memory but the new UI looks really cool
Love it everything works great. Don't seem to have any lag very smooth. I lo r the landscape look.
Still no option to share your post somewhere else or just copy the link to it.
It's easier, better and faster to use. It's even more interesting.
Facebook needs to be as good as this on Android!
Better than Facebook!
Wrote a huuuge comment and it failed to post. Short version. Posts from people I have not circled are showing up in my All Circles feed. These are not from What's Hot. Those have a little fire icon. Most of these posts have no plusses or shares. They only display in the mobile app. Mobile web and full web are fine. Please fix soon. I am tired of every third post being in Chinese or Arabic
It's better than facebook. Need I say more?
Very good, pound for pound champ of social media
Very good, pound for pound champ of social media
I shouldn't have updated after the reviews. Now I'm stuck with the package invalid too.
The latest version won't update it downloads then it doesn't do the install.  HTC evo
Will make this 5 stars when I can increase the font size.
Getting a sign-in error on previous version (like the new look though) and a package file invalid error on the latest release. So, many stars for the aesthetics, none for the engineering. Google is closing the gap with Apple...
Brilliant
Can no longer going from messages to video chat with the person! Keeps saying, hangout ended or hangout no longer in session. So I'm forced to leave messages and delete the whole conversation in order to start a new hang out. Rather annoying! Plus if your already in a session & accidentally have phone sleep you can't start hang out with out inviting them again. Please fix
Great social network
Great social network
It keeps showing me sign-in error everytime I do sync and the new update gives error "invalid package"
Works well
I find myself using new Google+ more and more. Simply love it.
Shames the Facebook app
The new ui is awesome! Every update is an actual improvement. Now if you would just add a way to see active hangouts it would be perfect
Beats facebook and facebook's glitchy app.
First i couldn't update because "package is invalid" error. I uninstalled and imstalled again: now, every time i try to open it i get "item could not been found" error. So... Buggy. Can't make it work.
App is getting much better, still hoping for the ability to post on folks pages though
Great work!
Work perfect
Great app love the hangout feature
Sweeeeet
This is definitely the best social app so far.
Lacks Google Apps support. Thanks for leaving out your dedicated users, Google...
But more refined.  Nice and fast on my Galaxy S3.
G+ > fb
when i saw the move to SD i was so excited, but its still 14MB. on older phones (milestone 2.2) thats huge! on a side note, i cant use the widget anymore? Love it on my new Galaxy Nexus, not on my milestone
An excellent app! Superb interface..
Everything has been fixed and I absolutely love google + now. One of the best apps from google. Can't wait for google now. Thanks google
HTC Droid Incredible 2 Whenever I try to hang out with someone it crashes. Fix this and I'll give 5 stars.
Package file is invalid? Please fix.
Good app. Use it every day
Looks amazing and feels amazing! Super fluid and smooth.UPDATE: NOW I CAN VIDEO CHAT CUZ IM ONLY 17 I LOB VE GOOGLE!!!!!
Beautiful, functional, and reliable. This is my social network of choice. I just wish more people would catch on. NEXUS 7, GALAXY S2
A breath of fresh air from Facebook.
Instant upload is inconsistent
Google+ is where it's at. Great network, great app. Could improve scrolling, is laggy. Preferred side-swipe to top-left menu. Wish I could block religious quotes from randoms in my feed...
Aug.15, 2012 - From Hangouts to editing posts, to locking comments to Messenger, and Events to the best mobile app, Google+ is a big step in social networking.
Design is starting to go backwards...
After updating, won't open from Market or Notification, widget missing also.  Nice one.
I like the new layout.
Great control over notifications on the phone, great layout, well integrated with all the other google apps !
Love the app
This is so COOL! Kills FB, Twitter and BBM all in one go! Google we love ya!
This is so COOL! Kills FB, Twitter and BBM all in one go! Google we love ya!
After the new update the app Force Close all the time, I had to unistall the app and reinstall. After that, no problem.
Great app...Facebook is dead
fgh hh
I like this so much. this is a very interesting app bye bye facebook
i like this apps...it can ease your boredom:)
i like this apps...it can ease your boredom:)
This is what Facebook should be
Love it
Done!!!
Love it!!!
Awesome
I love the user interface and sleek modern design. Never freezes up on me. I'm in love lol
Good
A great app for a great service! Stable and visually appealing.
Unsinn
Awesome.!!!!!
As the title
+Google is useful and commonly it's use information based  communicate way social helper.
A+
I love google+
Just love it ...
Best App
Why is it on my phone? and keeps asking to update?
Is just like a Facebook and its really good
Bad bad bad
Google+ is way better than Facebook to.
it's amazing app goodbye facebook  google plus is amazing :)
Love this
Love this
Facebook is played out...it's time for a new social network...thanks GOOGLE for stepping up!!
Facebook is played out...it's time for a new social network...thanks GOOGLE for stepping up!!
I like the old layout.
I love using it. Add the ability to manage pages and I'll be happy
Its an ok just one thing speed up the instaling
worked alright before the update , then the hangout freezes everytime really annoying. And it looks cheap now
Works. Good. For. Me
Event contributions often not displayed which is frustrating.  Constantly repeated reminders to turn party mode on even after event has ended or was deleted - heavily annoying!
Event contributions often not displayed which is frustrating.  Constantly repeated reminders to turn party mode on even after event has ended or was deleted - heavily annoying!
Love it
Item not found! When i click to update, thats what i found. I hope costumer service of google+ can fix  that.
i love it.. is fast.
It is just awesome....very fast n quick....best way to connect to your buddies
It's really interesting and easy to use,it's great.....
I really like this app.....its way much better than fb app......
Cool!! Than facebook
It works perfectly and it's so cool, only need more members to be an amazing social network
Superb!!
F
Love it, I'm on it everyday. Tons of people posting tons of interesting stuff. You just have to circle people. You don't have to know them because that's what it's all about, meeting new people discussing new interesting stuff. The app itself is amazing and works great.
Dunhill&Suya   Gudang Garam Fumakillaa Cricket 8998989110129 770908025445 PT.GUDANG GARAM Tbk. KEDIRI-INDONESIA
Great app
Kind of difficult to acess . What ever you do didn't forget your password
As always google simply does it better than anyone. The best social network experience.
love Google +
Google is making impossible thinGS possible
Enough said.
Were
Looks great, works well, great app design.
Thx..
Instant up loads all my pics/videos too.
Improving rapidly as well.
I like this app so much because of his usability and easiness. But why it's impossible share posts with other applications?? For example to transform text to voice and listen it.
I Can Text My Friends On Any Mobile Phone On Google Messenger They Give Yu A Free Number And They Have Picture Message.  I Love This App I Get My Notifications On Time And Everything
What I live about is that its seems to work so much better then the face book app and works so much faster.
Good
FC co jakis czas. Nie znajduje moich zdjeć i filmów. Jak na produkt, którym G chce sie jakoś wybić kiepściutko
Boleh bgt ne..
This is by far the best social network in my opinion. I love the application as well.
awesome
awesome
Thanks everyone.!!!!!!!!!!.
It won't stay open for more than two seconds. Fix the crashing for the toshiba thrive
I'm unable to get logged on. It states I have a profile issue. What the heck does that mean?    ;
I'm unable to get logged on. It states I have a profile issue. What the heck does that mean?    ;
My fav app
Google+ is one beautiful design social app. The Facebook web designers need to take notes on how to design a freaking web site.
Great app don't get if you like face book....
This is the best! I wonder why people r not becoming addict to it!
I barely ever use Google+, but it is a very nice app
Love the whole app
Good
Good app but I would like it more if there r games. I can play games on the computer but I wanna play them on my fone.
Good app but I would like it more if there r games. I can play games on the computer but I wanna play them on my fone.
Great interface and layout, works like a charm... Simply awesome.
അടിെപാളി
Cool
Excellent app
Excellent app
Works great
Update me alwayz
Google hangout crashes on my galaxy nexus running jelly bean. I still rated 5 stars jellybeans new
Awesome
HA what a laugh...just downloaded this app & guess what??? When I went to open it directly from the play store, I immediately got a window saying the app could not be found!!! Are you kidding me??? You mean that Google, the  designer of the android platform, can't even find it's own Google designed app??? If this wasn't hilarious, it'd be pathetic.
The latest update looks much better!! Thank you goggle!!!
Just dandy, leave it alone lol
The new black version is superb!
i like this
It cool
I love it
Since the jelly bean update. Landscape view isn't buttery on the galaxy nexus would be my complaint
Makes streaming easier
Awesome
Best app I own works well with the pc.
Very great, better than old Facebook. Asked my friends to join it, they too liked it. We all are now on it
Good
Good application
F
Best best best
Itz a fantastic app it was very awesome app thanks to Google team
Too cool!
Fantastic app!
I don't use Google+. So therefore I would like to uninstall it. Except, it won't let me. So Google gets a one star.
Gayjy
Easy way to backup pics.
Very secret and very good
This app is amazing....can't stop using it. Nice ui. Just some slight lag on different devices. When that's gone I'll give it 6 stars!
No words... The nerwork is awsome, the app is the best on the market for social media.
Awesome aap i  like it guys
GoodB-)B-)
Awesome
Crap
Love G+  but every time it updates i lose the widget. Id like the option to keep the widget without having to uninstall/reinstall.
Very well designed app.. very lucid, flowing social mediA! just a google way!;-)
Like the tablet UI on my phone using paranoidandroid!
The repeat notifications really do hamper what is otherwise a fantastic app
Good
Even front camera on hangouts on I9003
My phone is connected to the internet and the app says no internet plz fix it and ill give it more stars
My phone is connected to the internet and the app says no internet plz fix it and ill give it more stars
This works awesome!!! c:
Social networking does not work with no people in it.
Social networking does not work with no people in it.
Love it.
Thanks for not being creepy like Facebook. Their app never stops running. People need to leave that horrible social network and come to the +.
Its quitely good... Nd also very easy to share anything to our friends.. I gave 5 stars...
K
Better than facebook
Koolio google
At first I found the interface too cluttered and complex for a tablet. After the update Google revamped the interface and its clean and simple. Good job google
Wish my friends would ditch Facebook and be on Google plus but that's not happening. I just got my nexus 7 and its an awesome device. However, there is a bug i found that the devs should look around. When i use Google plus messaging i see more than one window running on my background and both can be chosen to jump to that up while multitasking. Its annoying, please fix it.
Wish my friends would ditch Facebook and be on Google plus but that's not happening. I just got my nexus 7 and its an awesome device. However, there is a bug i found that the devs should look around. When i use Google plus messaging i see more than one window running on my background and both can be chosen to jump to that up while multitasking. Its annoying, please fix it.
I think that google plus is better than facebook and beats any other social networking site. A few improvements could be made to the app but other than that amazing!!
100% better than the Facebook app. Works great and fast. GPS right on point. Will continue to try and recruit people to use this. Keep doin what you're doin!
Awosm
Can
Wish G+ was more popular.
I hate that when I click in videos others posted, I am linked to the Google + web page instead of being able to watch in the app. Please fix this. My friend iPhone is able to view the videos in the app and my HTC EVO 4G LTE cannot.
Awesome
Works smoothly couldn't  ask for a better app.  Thank you.
Nuff said
Good app.
Good app.
Nice
Son vellas
I wish more people used thus service, it's pretty cool
AWESOME
Shavnasingh
Anyone else not able to sign in after the last update
Love this like it better than fb
I wish Google+ had the same user base as Facebook.  For now I am following several feeds in my Google+ account and hoping friends migrate.  I cannot say enough positive things about this App on the Nexus 7.  The tiles are beautiful and feature such beautiful graphics and text.  Only recommendation, merge Google Talk and Hangouts all into the Google+ interface.  Again, thank you Google!
I started discovering google+ wow is my first impression!!  It will be better than facebook and twitter with the great features
I started discovering google+ wow is my first impression!!  It will be better than facebook and twitter with the great features
ut
Backing up photos
I love that game
LOve it
LOve it
I luv Google+
Photo sharing is easier. Less spam. Great connections to all other Google products and services. Google + trumps the social media world. Give it time
Easier interface, fast load times, the idea of Circles is brilliance. Video chat, group video chat is the Plus.   Facebook is not as integrated as this app. Now I really don't like Facebook anymore.
have
It's amazing and if u are worried about losing 13mb of space on ur phone then u need to get a new memory card.
Different class to Facebook. Only thing is, I'd like to be able to upload photos to my Profile from my phone.
Different class to Facebook. Only thing is, I'd like to be able to upload photos to my Profile from my phone.
Lund
Google plus is go ma keep getting bad reviews because THEY DONT FIX IT.  I try to open it and it keeps shutting down.... why?  Ask Google.  I'm not even going to try to download any more Google things.... they don't work..... Google... just consider me just one more unhappy costumer... thanks for nothing but wasted time!
Google plus is go ma keep getting bad reviews because THEY DONT FIX IT.  I try to open it and it keeps shutting down.... why?  Ask Google.  I'm not even going to try to download any more Google things.... they don't work..... Google... just consider me just one more unhappy costumer... thanks for nothing but wasted time!
Very good
It's kinda hard to understand this cuz I never used, but its 100% way better that Facebook app. Works 100% with my EVO 3D with ISC. Update: the hangout mode crash when I try to use it with 2 or more people...fix it please!
Great download NOW!!!!
Great download NOW!!!!
I click on icon that was installed on homescreen and it popped up with NO APPLICATION CAN PREFORM THIS ACTION (even on this page I hitopen and it says this)....WTF so open my menu click on g+ then try to log In and it says no internet connection when I JUST DOWNLOADED THEAPP SO I HV INTERNET CONNECTION ..also crashed as soon as it finished downloadng I hadn even touched the app..I just keep getting unexpected error to fc the app
If possible,  when reading the notifications or pushing on them, to bring us directly to our +1 and not have to scroll looking for our msg. Thanx. Good job till now.
no doubt...much better app thn facebook...!!
DROIDX
:/ dingers crossed
Serious programming glitch. I download the entire app and installed it. Once I launch it, two buttons appear. One says OK; the other Cancel.  That's all it does. No Google+.
Serious programming glitch. I download the entire app and installed it. Once I launch it, two buttons appear. One says OK; the other Cancel.  That's all it does. No Google+.
B
I love it. Allows me to contact people in groups I set out. Auto upload eds my pictures and videos so Ill never loose them.
It's good than Facebook good bye Facebook.
It's good than Facebook good bye Facebook.
Very good app. Easy to use and looks awesome.
Very good app. Easy to use and looks awesome.
Very good app. Easy to use and looks awesome.
Best app
Nice
Wow. I guess hangouts are a big thing for you...
google
excellent
Good on HTC one v
See ya
Packge file invilid please fix
Packge file invilid please fix
L inEeWww mnaba AUtumn ml l wq A wAs er Aw qqa a dds p as Www ml na A saa az We zzz kitTy j loon seesaw rE seesaW a AW limb w squaw rdS w ere sears qz swArm l Sea Wwwesse a a A l Ooo bbb mnq ka aw AW mn J9 qa zvq q&a seesaw n Www www l w saw sbbbeesAw Www mn Www was A a saw sq sllc s setteeeedwasxa wsurpass addSww A cd trY
Google + is A+
Its the easiest, most user friendly app out.
Unable to connect to sever
Shop Cl do Cl
See you facebook.
I am a big fan/user of Twitter and Facebook but i must say i find Google+ to be a joy to use and certainly find it to be an worthwhile app.
I DON'T WANT THIS WHY IS IT BEING FORCE ON ME. I PAY A LOT OF $ FOR MY PHONE IT SHOULD BE MY CHOICE! THIS IS STILL "AMERICA " IT'S IT?   0 stars. You can't even send this without putting a star on it.
Love one 4 life
Photos are uploaded automatically. So be extra carefull!
Gy
Fast and Smooth performance on Samsung Galaxy S2.
Its like facebook but google+ is more calm and facebook is all drama!!
goods apps..,
I think this will take over. It's so much better than Twitter. Also allows auto-backup of your photos.
Has potential.
Really works awesome..but cant able to find those who are online Ibrr<3
Ótima interface! Gostei e digo, adeus Facebook.
Shows pictures in my gallery that i have already deleted,  in order to delete a picture from Google plus you have to delete individually, there's no select all button
Shows pictures in my gallery that i have already deleted,  in order to delete a picture from Google plus you have to delete individually, there's no select all button
Facebook is gon.....
Ok
Good
This app used to have horrible ui but now it's good. Just a shame it constantly crashes
Okay
Awesome
Awesome APP
L
Zucker
Nice one
Superb...
G• Do good
great
Amazing app for an amazing social network! Goodbye Facebook, Hello World!
Amazing app for an amazing social network! Goodbye Facebook, Hello World!
Amazing app for an amazing social network! Goodbye Facebook, Hello World!
..speechless..."
Awesome
It's so good! I can use instant upload for back-upping my pictures, i can add friends.... I can do everything! Facebook isn't good and it's useless. :) from my sony Xperia u
Google plus looks truly amazing. Its already better than facebook. It just needs people to switch to it.
gooooooood
I love all google products !
Jpix™€™6_66»8+<»••
I absolutely luv luv luv it.  :)  <3
Awesome. Faster than my computer
Once past the learning curve, I like using plus. Hangouts are an awesome idea.
It looks pretty, but it doesn't display enough content for each post anymore. Now it shows a picture and about 10 words. I have to click on everything just to see what it's all about. It's annoying on my phone to have to deal with that. LG G2x
The food was excellent!  The salsas were delicious. The only thing that I felt was off was that they put white american cheese over the entrees when it was supposed to be a melted mexican  cheese. The margaritas were huge and great!  Would definetely recommend this restaurant.  CHEAP TOO!
Worked fine a week ago, then the upgrade failed with invalid package errors, and now I can't sign in because of connection problems and I'm getting force close errors even outside of the app. It's kind of ridiculous.
Find out
fun easy i love auto update of photos
Like this
best site
Works great with S3. I just wish after resharing a post it wouldn't take you all the way to the top, making you scroll all the way down again. But other than that, it's cool.
N/A
N/A
Very think liket it
G+ is not your kids social media site. Jump on board and enjoy your friends, your photos and your online life in stunning beauty as well as update your status.
Lost with out it.
Very good application
The best UI among the social networking apps. Never had a problem once.
Nice apps
so good
Need more of them
Good
Why?
Stupid cannot compete with face book. Should have just bought out Facebook
G+ is the 1st app
Cool
Igoogle
Google+ is by far the best way to keep you and your friends updated on what's happening in the world and meet great new people in the process. I spend too much time on Google+ and that is because I can't get enough, I have an addiction to knowledge and information and Google+ is my fix.
Great on ICS!
Dbhshsgdishdhbjhsnhsuzhjss
Amazing ui. Love how it makes everything so simpler.
Shame the network is like a ghost town...
Came back to this recently for the first time since launch, it has improved greatly
We are all forced to have a Google plus lol
We are all forced to have a Google plus lol
Won't EVER let me log iin! Sad...was so good untiil lockiing me out and  always sayiing there iis an iissue wiith my logiin iinformatiion...iif ii could giive no stars ii would. Uniinstaliing
Rocks...screw facebook
Hi
Great app
V
V
There has been a glitch in the program for a couple weeks now. The post photos show up in the stream, but if I click on a post to see the whole text, the image just never loads. I can still read the post, I just can't see the associated image (pinwheel of death). Any thoughts?
Absolutely Loving It!!!!!!
Very nice app
666
Love everything about the new UI. Just wish the app (plus data & cache) took up less space. Also, boosting loading times would also be great. One more reason to quit Facebook.
Balls kickingly awesome
-Pa kHz uh ??
Quick
Good
Good
Nice apps but anybody tell me how this apps use it please
Find no trouble at all, 5 starts. Except for the chat messenger, but that's fine... Please fix, thank you!
Sweet
Works well
Just kept giving the error 'item not found' after I installed it on LG Phoenix. Uninstalled...
Buddy
Really efficient
Follow me on twitter @AGoodKid
Like it a lot google, thanks
Just wish more of my friends had it
Amazing User Interface
Great Job Google, thank you for making our lives easier and connected 24/7.
Very smooth, much better than Facebook
good social app for androids.
Love it
Wonderful app
Love the update, and love G+. Amazing app, thank you google!
Boss
I have no friends to share stuff with..
Am super impressed with how well the hangouts work.  Specs: Samsung galaxy s II T-mobile 4g
I love this
Run smoothly on my Galaxy Note...thank you
Nice
Its beter to use
Its beter to use
Why do I get asked to update something I don't use??   Let me remove this annoying crap.  Uninstall only uninstalls the updates?!
its very nice جميل جدا thank u google
Perfect for back up of photos & videos
Lovely
Wen sum one send mw request  in google + Der is only one option "add" Der are no options like ignore ,respond later ,not now like in other social network
Functionally in a different league to Facebook.
Functionally in a different league to Facebook.
Wow great applicarion
Wow great applicarion
I found muh things in it.
Google had done really great job by creating this app this app run smoothly n graphics which they are providing is just awesome overall this app is LEGEND wait for it DERY...!!!!
hangout is not working. I am sorry ...
New way to social networking Good aps  Thx
I love this app. Every other app in play store should look like this app to enjoy android ecperience
One of the best apps
You cannot manage your circles if you want to remove people/sites.
I love it
I loove it
Google job
great and brilliant
I like it
Amazing!
It is the app which makes difference btw G+ and FB
A more protected version of facebook they both have their pros and cons but both pretty good
It hijacks your phone,  and you cant completely uninstall it. Permissions allow it to read, change, delete, and use information. Many times i have found my phone in the middle of a call, and it was in the other room.
Cool
never use it but have read some topic about what going on around the world and what people think about it
Beautiful UI and functionality!
Tii
An absolutely stunning application. Love it. Only one suggestion Google Team. Could you please include a swipe function to bring up the menu from the left hand side of the screen (as you have done in your new YouTube update). This makes things so much easier on a phone
FANTASTIC!
Lovely interface. Pleasure to use for your standard user activities. "Find Friends" could be done better. Can't find an easy way to search based on address book for active friends. But most frustratingly, I can't manage the two G+ pages I administer from this app. This is really shoddy. Why doesn't this app have something as fundamental as persons switching in it. Particularly as it is the *official* app...    5 stars when these things get implemented.
Awesome
Y
The app is a bit better than the earlier version which was already great but this version is faster
social app out there.. It trumps anything that FB or third party FB app devs have to offer..
social app out there.. It trumps anything that FB or third party FB app devs have to offer..
It always force closes on my G2
The best part for me is the "nearby" where you can see people post near you and talk and comment on there post without been friends, you can opt out of this too if you dont want your post to be seen by every body. That's a feature i always wanted on FB
Please integrate or merge Google Talk. Instant upload feature is great.
Didn't work until I forced stop and cleared data.  Now works fine again!
This is the best
Great app
Great app
Wish more people would use the service! They really give the customers what they ask for.
This version sort of has a hard to read newsfeed. The most serious issue is that certain things like pulling up photos causes my Droid X to soft reboot every single time. This is a major problem. I do like the facelift on G+, but the newsfeed is kind of "bulky". Maybe I just need to give it more time to get used to it. :) I too have noticed people showing up on my "All Circles" newsfeed that I'm not following or friends with. Why are random strangers showing up on newsfeed?
Nice
Awesome!
I love Google+ and this app. The problem I am having is with instant upload. The instant upload uploads everything fine, but I keep getting notifications about instant upload when nothing was uploaded.   e.x.: I took two pictures this morning. A few minutes later I received and instant upload notification. I opened it and the 2 pictures loaded. About an hour later another notification arrived, I clicked it and nothing changed. This notification has popped up 5 times today without any images being uploaded.   If I could turn off these notifications, I would in a heartbeat to fix this issue. Please fix.  Verizon S3
I love Google+ and this app. The problem I am having is with instant upload. The instant upload uploads everything fine, but I keep getting notifications about instant upload when nothing was uploaded.   e.x.: I took two pictures this morning. A few minutes later I received and instant upload notification. I opened it and the 2 pictures loaded. About an hour later another notification arrived, I clicked it and nothing changed. This notification has popped up 5 times today without any images being uploaded.   If I could turn off these notifications, I would in a heartbeat to fix this issue. Please fix.  Verizon S3
Nice
Why can't I unistall this app. It takes 30mb of my space!
I like G+ better than facebook*!! The app is very fast and no lagging. 5 for you!!
Love this Google!!! Love this app!! :)
good
sgt bagus
Nice app
Want to uninstall -_-
I love google+ cause of the format and it is also full of positive drama free ppl and you meet a Wide variety of ppl with ease...my only complaints are that compared to the desktop the mobile site is limited on how much you can personalize your profile and also everything in your gallery is viewable if you are not careful, I had to dump all my porn lol
And I can't uninstall it! I don't use Google +, and I don't want it. I just realized that it's absolutely KILLING my battery!
I use it daily
I use it daily
Works flawlessly!
Awesome app
All Google stuff is preloaded & 2 large 4 my Samsung Tranfix but if I could port ur stuff 2 32G Sim would be helpful! Also, ur apps keep pickin up Data! Why? Preloaded Google is killing my internal memory! I don't have enough & I've had 2 remove apps from others that I like cuz of this! Fix it! Also, can't get G+ 2 let me post any updates & w last update most pics r not able 2 send! Please fix this too! I'm frustrated & cannot seem 2 find an email 2 contact app dept & need that! Please provide! Thanks!
Hogs my data pls fix
Cooooooool
Nice
Looks good on the gnex, feels like the same as one desktop
Enjoy oh so much.
Slowwwwwww efff¡
Ok
Ok
Now if only i could get my sister and friends on here then i can say bye Facebook.
memory usage can b optimised
Check me out on youtube billramseyerjr my name on g+ is Bill Ramseyer
Nexus one. Wont download, tried repeatedly but comes up with an error every time. Shame as G+ is great
Great app so far no problems
Better than anything else! Very nice UI!
this is the best app when it comes to videochat, clear and smooth,not like the other apps, way to go g+!
Wtf Was that¿  Azone¿
good
Quite Good but I don't know how to do a hangout
?nczzfj
Awesome! Can't stay off of it. However, messenger is useless. Please combine with Google Talk.
better
I don't know how else to describe it. Very sleek look, and the ability to view local public posts. Awesome.
I don't know how else to describe it. Very sleek look, and the ability to view local public posts. Awesome.
Great app... If it weren't so buggy Need to fix a ton of buggs in messenger still. Problems loading messages.
Love this app its the best <333
amazing
Good
This is every fun 4 teens
Awesome app!
GREAT!
Excellent app. Well done Google!!!!!!!!!!
Can't use it, or really any Google product fully without desktop. I will never have another desktop, Google! Get with the program. also, newest version for ics is flaky and doesn't work well. new interface is to touchy for touch screens. how can any mobile users use this app for anything useful. browsing streams, maybe. communication tool? no way. another google atop convincing Me to stop using google so much
I Like it.
The best
The best
KOOL n fun application.
Good
The new UI is awesome on tablet. It is so content rich and fluid. Now if only you could expand posts with a swipe without leaving the stream.
Great app.
Can't get your app to instant upload with airplane mode on and WiFi enabled
Not working & then there is a problem trying to synchronize.  I enjoyed the app before, still getting used to the changes.
Well this has been the best thing yet hopefully you guys will do a update because theres room for improvement
Well this has been the best thing yet hopefully you guys will do a update because theres room for improvement
Much much better than FB.  If it keeps going like this i'll permanently switch over. Good job google+
Karl
Good
For now,im really enjoy the app....good app..easy to use and see amazing photo...
Good
Awesome as always
Love it!!! Can I work for you guys??!! My son's a techy if that counts!!
Very nice application!
Best social network site out period! And they're adding all kinds of things to it that you can do like the hangout, awesome!
when I click open all it shows is OK and cancel then I click OK and item not found
Love it works great
It helps me check on my daughter to make sure she's doing her work
Great service! Get the dry clean done in the same day and very professional alterations.
If Google apps could compete w/real apps, they wouldn't have to force them on our phones! Wish u would let me uninstall!!!
Nice application
5 stars :-D good to use
They shouldn't have made this a system app because I really don't care for google+ :/ Srry I'm a Facebook kinda guy.
The best looking Android app ever
I luv it
I luv it
It's very nice
G+ real nice. But, it is hard to know people on G+.
Good
Best social app out there.
Perfect ui
Hook into app
Cool
Cool
Love the new look and UI
Responsive, fast and easy to use. G+ provides all the social networking must haves including checkins, photo posting, tagging and overall "status updating". Coupled with mobile video chatting, messaging and other features, G+ just plain ROCKS.
Well done
this app is so awsome im on google on the go i love it
Ok
Not
Great
better than Facebook app. comes with messenger, which is nice. its too big, but nevermind. I can live with that.
This is an excellent app for socializing which my friend's and i do quite frequently anyway i rate this in my top ten apps next to Twitter' Facebook' YouTube' Wikipedia' MySpace' Amazon' iTunes' google earth and obvilously google search.
After the latest update I seem to be using G+ a lot more than Facebook. Thanks guys.
I really can't rate this app, because it crashes before it loads any content! Please fix! Toshiba Thrive tablet.
love it
This works really good
Like it
Like
Great app
Fantastic app. The Facebook app could learn a thing or two, BUT I dont get why I have to click 3 times just to see a full sized image. Once on a post in the stream to view the post, click again to change to s black background, and finally again to get the image. This app would be 5* otherwise.
When i log into my account it crashes instantly.
awsame
M loving it
Everything is perfect!
Just like skype but with email.
Facebook is the as google +
So far so good using my cricket XZT500.
This is a very cool app
FB only wishes it could make an app like this.
Good app
Package file invalid..
I love google plus, but this app takes forever to update streams and no hangouts support for my phone.
Google+ now looks amazing on my phone and my tablet. The mobile team has done a fantastic job. 5 stars!
Google+ now looks amazing on my phone and my tablet. The mobile team has done a fantastic job. 5 stars!
Our experience at the Cape Cod Inn was very good.  The room was clean and the staff was the most accommodating people we have ever met.  Plus you're in the middle of everything Main St., has to offer.
Our experience at the Cape Cod Inn was very good.  The room was clean and the staff was the most accommodating people we have ever met.  Plus you're in the middle of everything Main St., has to offer.
Way better than facebook by allot
Bi
I love Google +.. With this app all other social networks are becoming useless
Work excellent on T-Mobile Galaxy S II with 4.1.1 JB very fast and smooth
I like this
It works great! Good job Google!:)
Love the new UI!
Cool app get it every one  serious
Sharing a link from this app is still broken, months after launch. Tons of new features added since then but it still won't share links properly. Highly disappointing.
Nice aplication
Very nice
This is the best social media service out there. It by far excels Facebook and Twitter. Hands down.
Better UI than facebook! Pictures now too big and pixelated.
Something happened with this last update.  My phone was on the charger all night last night, and was at 99% this morning.  Within two hours, it was at 15%, and upon checking my battery usage, I saw that plus had used 84% if that.  Uninstalling until update.  Otherwise greatly improved app.
Nice
I love using this. Its awsome and works very well
Keeps crashing,keeps telling me I have no internet connection.
Gd app. Sanju
Wonderfully intuitive
Good app I like it
Better intigration than FB on Xperia S
Best for me than FB. :-)
this is boring
Better than Fb for sure
Better than Fb for sure
gz for this version ..
Very  nice
It looks nice after update but doesn't work in China after I have my nexus updated to 4.1. Why cannot connect to the server?
If only I could edit my profile directly from the app...
I like it a lot.. Need more Facebookers to switch so ill have someone to talk to on G+
I really like this newest layout!
Share
Share
Very good
Won't load from Android Mkt.
All I Can say its AWESOME.
Facebook who?
Well, I gave this app a second chance! It won't run from Android Market. I decided to see if it would run from my phone. Amazingly, it did! This appears to be an issue with the app in the Android Market. I hope this helps. I have a Sprint EVO Design 4G.
Its supav app g+ thanku!!!
Live it!
Great app, perfect app actually. Even better social networking experience. Just great. I have fallen in love with Google
Its like the combination of everything.
What is the point on trying to push ics  if you cannot make the g+ app merely functional on tablets. When trying to scroll the app keeps panning left or right instead of going down. This is not an issue in small phone screens. Why do you not change this app to perform better on tablets like u did with Gmail?
awesome
Great app!!
!
Sex'c
Awsome application.. Compititor of Facebook..
But still u have to update some of the features..
I love the redesign. Been using on my GNex and my TF300T tablet. Best social network interface out there.
With all things Google already integrated with G+, it's so easy to use!
Love love love it !
The updated interface made me a Google+ user again.
the new interface is very intuitive! i really like it, this time am keeping my Google plus application no matter what.
Great!
Cool.
Very good app
I'm addicted too G+! All the sharing here are interesting and meaningful. UI is intuitive n works smoothly like butter. Thx G!
This app has changed and has been improved greatly I really like it. Thumbs up to you Google this beats ou Facebook by miles
awesome
Gogoole+
Great app, I just wish any of my friends used Google+
Strange faults
nice update
god job by google team
Better than Facebook
beautiful looking screen with my circle's updates.  Wish I could add my own places I find when it is now available for checkin.
Works smooth on sgs2 great update!!!
Works smooth on sgs2 great update!!!
сыро, нельзя редактировать записи
Interface is now crisp and clean.
Always shown sign in error at notification bar, cannot share video from YouTube to this.
Wrote the book, Created the look, Knowledge is power we add to our kit, If you want to be better, just Google it.
Wrote the book, Created the look, Knowledge is power we add to our kit, If you want to be better, just Google it.
Ossammmmm
Bye bye facebook!!!
Bye bye facebook!!!
Clean, quick and powerful app. Google+ in a nutshell.
Go Google
Go Google
Tablet UI doesn't work. Huawei MediaPad, stock ICS 4.0.3.
Toshiba released a update and google+ started working thank you google and toshiba
F*** , terrible application, i cant find where to post my new stt, i cannt post anything at my friend profile. Bad app, 0 star
So far not a fan of the new update. I miss swiping left and right to different screens of feeds from mine to what's hot. Also, a single post takes up almost the while screen. But the picture is more of the post so there us less white space.
But instant upload seems to broken in Jelly Bean
Love google
Galaxy s3
Galaxy s3
One of the best mobile apps period.
Started using Google+ more after gindia's event!!!
Great it works for me
I love it giving it 5 stars works good on my android
I dislike the hot items, though
Down to Earth and really well implementated.
Awesome! But sometimes slow on the loading...
So much better then fb. More people need to use this.
Thank god...
Great app
Can't live with out it.
No problems at all. Ü loving google+ more
Just awesome!!!
:-D
I can't post comments anymore. Please fix fast!!
Constantly improving.
Must have!
Wonderful app.
Best social app ever
Its like facebook without teachers blocking it :)
It's fitting that the best social network has the best movie app.
Loving it so far!
Still a little slower then it should be, but overall - good app.
It's Good Just Like The Internet .
It's Good Just Like The Internet .
Forced to have this pointless application on my mobile
Had mark down a notch until this works again.
Nice!
Nice!
Best social networking app. Smooth cross platform. Worked amazing on honeycomb/ICS/and jellybean on my tf101 and now on gingerbread
Cool app.amazing huh!
Best in the market. Thanks google. Keep it up....
Cool. Enjoy using the app.
This app is the fastest social networking app. Keep it up.
Badass!
These are really good updates. I've got no complaints about them.
Love it!!!!
Really puts the Facebook and twitter apps to shame
Really puts the Facebook and twitter apps to shame
Really puts the Facebook and twitter apps to shame
Awesummmmmm
Love U...
Love U...
Feature set is mind blowing, keeps getting better too !
the requested could not be found on this device. Just reloaded my phone and the same error occurs
Very good
I can't describe how much i am very happy for the update. Now g+ work very very fast, smooth. I use g+ everyday 24/7. Love your apps. Thanx Google..
All google want to make it. All at internet. Why ? Just take one. Be a pro.
Best ux on android yet!! Works like a dream...
Easy, fast and the best thing smoking..!! Turn ^^^
Groovy, as far as modern technology goes!
Groovy, as far as modern technology goes!
this app is amazing!!!  I love that it is so graphical and everything looks made.for mobile.  Easier to use and it also helps you to discover people around you!!!!
Nice application.................. I like its automatic sharing.
Nice application.................. I like its automatic sharing.
Not as pretentious as Facebook!
Nicely as described
Works beautifully in my Nexus 7.
Still use it after all this time
Still use it after all this time
Still use it after all this time
This app gets better with each update. Lookout facebook, Google will crush u
Only thing I keep using Facebook is because I have a lot of friends In there...
Good
Had a little bit of trouble before but now works great
Had a little bit of trouble before but now works great
Google+ is one the best social media and this app rocks! Just few more adjustments and this app will be the best!
Bloatware
Excellent services
App works well. The problem is that nobody uses it
I've come to enjoy reading comments and articles a lot more on Google+ than on Facebook.
Great app!! Better than the facebook!
Keep doing what you doing
Sparks feature from full pc version would be a nice addition to this app.
Best app on my phone
Keeps getting better with every update
I Luv this app! No one does it better!!!
I Luv this app! No one does it better!!!
Awosome app
Great app...down with fb. The resistance begins!
Perfect
The app works fantastically. Interesting to see the new slide out navigation - I'm assuming this is replacing the dashboard UI view; will it be added to the official design guidelines?
It's a shame that Google+ isn't all that popular because it's actually  really nicely built app/  and it's a good social network,  so much better than twitter.....
Very enjoyable on tablet now, almost full desktop functionality.
Very enjoyable on tablet now, almost full desktop functionality.
Can't read as much text. Font is way too large. I liked Google+ because of its minimalistic nature. Lame.
The updates to make the app tablet optimized and the improvements for the phone version look great. This is how a social networking app should work!
No more getting error message package file is invalid. Samsung Galaxy SII.
I love this new app. It looks great with the galaxy III
Cool app
Best browsing using android ics
Google, Great, Greater, the G+
great tweaks! nice update
"Item not found" after update
Simply what the tittle states. Its amazing and very easy to use
Simply what the tittle states. Its amazing and very easy to use
Awesome..... Please invite me...
Mobile experience is amazing
Constantly improoving
Great for backing up photos
Buenisima
Facebook could learn alot from Google+ ! Great app!
Facebook could learn alot from Google+ ! Great app!
The best social network.
"messenger" shortcut takes you to google+ app, not directly to messenger. Still no notifications unless I go into the notifications and refresh manually. Very disappointing google.
"messenger" shortcut takes you to google+ app, not directly to messenger. Still no notifications unless I go into the notifications and refresh manually. Very disappointing google.
Excellent app !!!!
It's clean, intuitive, elegant ui, fast and full of features. Nothing that can be said for Facebook. The hangout feature is the clear differentiator
What ghost town?
g+ rocks.
g+ rocks.
cooooooll
i m loving it
I cant download this app! I keep on getting an error. Keep the older one!
I've been getting invalid package files a lot lately and so has my friend. Maybe Google should do something about it.
Package file invalid.
Excellent
Package file invalid.
Đề nghị  kiểm tra trước khi đưa sản phẩm tới khách hàng!
opening app shows dialog with just "ok" and "cancel"...   error package is invalid...
Better now
Love this app
Just great!
HTC Incredible 2
HTC Incredible 2
I can't get the messenger to work. My friends don't see the messages I send. Grr!
You guys need an update for your update. Invalid package file, really?
Great !!!!
I can actually use this app now.
Awesome
Gets better with every update.
Very bad feature for a google plus user, I have turned it off in the swings more than once, toggled the featured, signed out, installed and reinstalled aril will not turn off unless I keep it signed out or uninstalled. Like google plus hate that feature get rid of it please
I cannot seem to join or create hangouts, the app says I must be 18. I am 18 and I checked that this is indeed true on my Google profile. Please fix!
<3 Google!
My favorite social networking app. Easy to use, easy to share, great for finding out about things
Very good
<3 the new UI
Better than all the rest
I like it
If I had to compare G+ and Facebook app, G+ is far better and faster, and it looks nicer
Nice improvements.
Perfect
Perfect and awsame
Use it!
Clean and great performance
It's super cool.
Love the app!
Many improved elements make this app great.
Unbelievable smoothly and solid app!! Extended work has been applied to this, unfortunately, it has a severe lack of active users!!
Great app
Keep it up G+!  Facebook will be MySpace soon...
Works well. Personally I find the instant upload feature to be very useful for me. The rest is fine too.
I just loved it!
great update!
great update!
Very cool
This is the best mobile social experience on Android by far. Huge improvement over the old app. I hope Facebook and Twitter are paying attention.
I like it
And beautiful.
Great App !!
THANKS YOU! GOOGLE!  YOUR APPS ARE WONDERFUL!  SINCERELY,  CYNTHIA M. ROSSER- SHAY
THANKS YOU! GOOGLE!  YOUR APPS ARE WONDERFUL!  SINCERELY,  CYNTHIA M. ROSSER- SHAY
Better than facebook
Absolutely beautiful. Perhaps I've been forced to set my expectations low from all the times using Facebook, but this app just looks and feels good!
Way to go..
Goodiee
The last update is giving this error even after clearong the cash and data and restarting the mobile.
The best app for me, thank you Google developers
Still crashes on my toshiba thrive tablet :( but works great on the PC and galaxy 1
The best
This app, absolutely towers over Facebook, Twitter everything. All it needs is more users and a little graphic work..
Takes up to much space and says no network available even though I'm connected to WiFi.
Much better than mobile Facebook and twitter apps combined.
Much better than mobile Facebook and twitter apps combined.
Much better than mobile Facebook and twitter apps combined.
Much better than mobile Facebook and twitter apps combined.
Best app ever.
And by Google, the only company you can trust.
New design is just awful, in fact it is so awful I had to write app review for the first time. Was 5star app, now it's 1star app
We have problem when we updating that version
We have problem when we updating that version
Awesome...
Awesome...
This new ui is beautiful and is definitely very smooth, the amount of bugs are minor and in I'm just really impressed with the app
Where? Tablet maybe?
Love it.. easy and simple to use, nice pictures and a trending list to see what's going on in the world
I don't even miss the browser experience because mobile is so good!
Great app
The interface is very simple and clutter free, much better than another certain social networking app...
Nice nice the bus
This is going to overtake the Facebook world
good app
good app
Very good seeing active hangout would be good
Very good seeing active hangout would be good
Love how slick and user friendly this is, all the best aspects of social networking in one application.
Awesome!
I like this new tablet version...
Wish their was a music backup too!
not just the G+ but the app is awesome on tablet, in such short time and big improvement, I think G+ slowdown climbs to the top
Great ui. Fast responsive! Best social experience application on Android! Oh I'm unable to automatically sync since 2nd July when might that be fixed.
really pleased with the recent update..  way to go Google!
Love it!
Better than facebook.
Smooth app,definitely working better with that update. Good job!
Maid my life easier
hangout don't work but rest ok
Getting better.
Works great on my nexus and my galaxy tab 10.1 Thanks Google!
The way it works makes it fun... that what fb just doesn't have.
Please just optimize it for tablets already why do you do this stuff?
New improvement needed
Need to find more people who have gmail so we can hangout
Need to find more people who have gmail so we can hangout
Never has a problem
great social network....
Great features but I've tested this multiple times and it drains my battery too much even in background. Expected more from google
I can't use it because no one I know uses it, but it's a great app. Much better than Facebook. Needs more users though, if only there was an incentive or something.
Great app. The hangout is wonderful. Video is right on par. No lagging or audio issues. Great job Google.
Great design, great product!
Wish it didn't take up so much freakin memory!
Improved
Good job Google guys.
Much better then facebook
Mest brukte Appen jeg har på telefonen.
This is way better than the fb app.
Tusi cha gaye ho paaji !!!
Now is perfect
Awesome
Awesome
Only thing missing for me is the option to tag people in pictures you add through the app. I've looked everywhere and don't see the option. I only see the option if i use a regular computer or laptop. I'd much rather just use my Transformer. Look forward to updates, its been getting better and better with each one.
Best social network and app I have ever used hands down
It seems to be working on and for my LG Android with no problems.
It seems to be working on and for my LG Android with no problems.
It seems to be working on and for my LG Android with no problems.
Awesome!
Awesome!
Latest version is great!
Thanks Goog.  If only I could get my friends in here would be ace...but great for following trends and what not.
It's pretty cool.
Says package file is invalid when I tried to update it....Samsung galaxy proclaim
I'm not quite sure why Google makes any app that isn't also optimized for tablets. It's mind boggling. Add hangout support as well
(^^)d
This is the next best thing in social Networking
Fantastic. Great interface. Nearly as good as the desktop! Thanks Google.
Great update
I love the stream with large pictures.
Beautiful UI.
Because oppo.
Changing my review to 5 stars again because they updated the app and I love the new design
Only thing i would change would be the Profile layout,  in ios app its beautiful,  and would also add a dark theme
Blows Facebook out of the water!  I wish everyone would move to Google+
GNexus
Don't use it,  don't want it,  but can't get rid of it. Weak.
Package file is invalid ... Where's the update?
Very clean and stable app. No issues, good job google!
Google+ has been improved and is really great to use.
FB killer. . . .cool
G+ has the best ui in my opinion..
By far the best App out there when it comes to social sites. The user experience is impeccable and I can't stop from returning to the app. Highlight PS the advantages of G+ and takes advantage of them. Great app!!
Was unimpressed with the recent updates but I think they may have finally got it together!
Love this app. Constant improvement and very visually appealing. I find this a joy to use. I appreciate how much of the web experience functionality is available in the phone app.   My main request would be to have a "go to first unread post" function....for when you return to a hot topic.
Brilliant social network, brilliant app.
It Amazing
One of the best apps you can get for any platform
This is my social site. Thanks Google.
Visual refresh?
I absolutely adore the new Google+ app! So many bugs have been fixed. It's my new favorite social networking sites! It's the new Facebook. It's taken the best of each social network and combined it into one super awesome Google network! I now prefer it over everything else; mobile and desktop. Great job, Google! As always. The only thing I don't like so much is the size. Being over 11MB is pushing it, but the pro's outweigh that one con by far!
Love it!
Love it!
Very solid app.
Instant upload feature is broken on the latest build version2.1.1.219805 :(... As anyone seeing the same issue
Google+ is getting better and better.  Runs and functions at a five star level.
Google feels the need to include the horrendous abomination of "What's hot" into the latest version. I can block it on my PC with ad block plus but not on the Android app, do yourself a favor and don't upgrade.
Fantastic UI
No complaint for now
Did you really just say your about to delete your myspace??? You should have done that 5 years ago lmao.
NILESH
Love this app, it looks amazing on the nexus
Works perfect
Works great
Good
Good
Excellent
Its nice, seriously! And its lyk a smaller version of facebook! Im not even on facebook, bt i can already guess! Its really good! Just imrovements in and out around the corners would be perfect... No comments, just too good!!! Haha, thats it!
Too good
Great app! I'll use it when Facebook turns into Myspace.
doweload
Awesome!
I love using G+ on my Nexus 7.  The UX makes you want to keep looking and posting and sharing.
Overall, it's awesome! It's probably one of the best and most interesting social app I've ever used. Love it.
The interface is unique and just amazing to look at. The animations make it fun to use Google+.
New app is great!
G + is awesome!! Pretty cool knowing that all your stuff is now public! Its about time for something new like this.
Awesome
Gnwm
Low keyness¡
amazing app for google+ fans!!!
I dont know what other stuff is appearing in my feed but they arent in any of my circles.
Awsome  Its very fast
This app is beautiful.
...please allow mobile to join public hangouts, and properly unify Messenger and Google Talk.  also, I wish Nearby was a little... Nearer =)
Best App yet.
U
Google always has the best updates
Awesome app! A must have.
When ever I receive an invite to a hang out I can hear the audio but the app is frozen, and later it gives me a Fc, but if I start the hangout it works as it should, any fix for this? Other wise its is great
Absolutely a mazing
الممتاز
Why downloading without notification?
Better than FB mobile app
Beautiful GUI and easier on resources than Facebook. If only Google+ were as popular as FB...
Much better, nice and slick. Next update: in app video playback
I like
Good stuff indeed, one of the best networks around, app works great, and the option to have your posts public for the world to search for is amazing for not only marketing but meeting new people. im slowly liquidating my Facebook for Google+. <3
I WONDER WHAT GOOGLE DOES WITH ALL THAT DATA AND PRIVATE INFORMATION?  WHY HAVE WE ALLOWED GOOGLE TO ACCESS OUR PHONES IN SUCH A WAY THAT ANY CORRUPT MEMBER OF THEIR STAFF COULD STEAL VALUABLE  INFORMATION OFF US.  GOOGLE MAY JUST WELL BE ONE OF THE ANTI-CHRIST!
I can install it, but it  crashes early on. Hope the next update will solve the problems once and for all.
Friends together
Google+ is better than Facebook..!
M
Have decided to dump facebook and really learn how to use google +
I love it...
I love it...
I love it...
Crazy graphics & a great story line...
this app is really smooth, fast and nice looking! i just love it!....but it'd be perfect....if you replaced 'the messenger' with the 'talk' app....so i can really chat with friends from inside G+...
Please fix weird bug. Widget causes app launcher to crash and not respond.
Very good
Can't connect to server and log on whyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
Started using G+ more often coz of this amazing app
Started using G+ more often coz of this amazing app
really dig g+ & all my g+ friends yall :]
really dig g+ & all my g+ friends yall :]
Nice app
Love the newest update. Very well put together!
Love the newest update. Very well put together!
:)
So much better now. Dropping Facebook
Gmail has been working for me since it started no real complaints from me other than spam but who down,t have that problem.
Party mode works on samsung galaxy tab 7 plus tablet
I can't upload photos to an event from my photo library.
Come on Google! First a sign in error, and now the update is borked. App quality has gone down since day 1.
Come on Google! First a sign in error, and now the update is borked. App quality has gone down since day 1.
Ext apps
*AWESOME *.......
Great app!
Luv it
I have it off and g+ still uploading. This need to be fix. Sgs3 T-Mobile
Good
This is awesome
Good
Force closes on my tablet and phone. Only been happening since last update.
Good
Good
Good
Good
Its very good.
Great! Works awesome! The previous UI was  better though
i just love it
Says I'm not 18 and cant access hangouts. It used to work before when I first made the plus account but not anymore
Make it work somehow
It just works, how does Facebook get it so wrong!
Google+ has, in my opinion, changed for the better with this update. At first I liked the last update, but it got old really fast. Now its just so much easier to use, and post things, and comment, well the whole app is just easier in a nutshell to be completely honest.
Facebook can suck it. Use G+.
S
Perfect...
Very gud
Very gud
Very gud
Oh
Please plus speed
Google + rocks It's very friendly luv it ! My husband does as well ! Google + ur great. Can u put a delete in messages ?
FjcvkskzlO
Most of the issues that plagued this app early on have been addressed and it is much more reliable than it used to be. Gained one star for the improvement. Still only 3 stars for the non-existent "customer support" during the period of time that this app barely worked.  Might give it more stars but other than the ability to chat the app is mostly full of useless bells and whistles.
Visually stunning app with great performance.Im loving these updates keep them coming. :-)
Exceelent app.
Xclnt...
Very nice
Its great I love it
Love it!  :-)
Awesome
I love to use google so great and easy
Hei , please make gtalk and messenger ONE app , add video , contact export and other usefull stff as possible attachment , not only pictures....
Gooooooddddd
Good
Good job
Nice!!
برنامج جامد
I open the app and it  already tells me to force close. Even if I'm not using it, it will say to force close or cancel it. Grrrrr
Had to remove non-Google+ accounts from phone, to have the actual Google+ account show up.
Nice app
nic google+
It caused my batter drain after updated my galaxy s2 to ice cream.  I recommend you all to disable it
an excellent application in my phone.
Google is a big scam. The only thing that works good is google maps.
So much better than anything else out there!
Ok
I love this apparently and think it is a great alternative to Facebook.   The thing I don't really like about it is that sometimes I get feeds from people I don't know..while some of them are enjoyeable, I don't really care to have all of this clutter.. Still Google+ is pretty sweet. It allows me to keep up with some friends that are no longer on Facebook.
Awesome
Which would appear to place me in a minority. I liked having the side swiping to access nominated circles. Having to pick individual circles from a drop down is a PITA on my small screen (3.2") device. And maybe thats the difference between me and the other posters - perhaps they have larger devices (Tablets?).
really loving the update. fantastic.
It's very good app But when it Will support GIF files ?
Google always have an update and always surprising me as well.
Aaaa
Have it on all my devices
Awesome App. Great offers! Convenient shopping
Amanzing job of Google. They are totally winning on mobile devices.
One of the best apps, fast smooth and beautiful UI
Porbs the best looking tablet app I have used to date! really give a good user experience!
Practicality useful
One of the best social apps
Great app! Love this social network...
Best apps
Bolje od Facebook-a.
Why is this on my phone? how to delete?
It works great I google everything. Always takes me to what I am looking for.
The only thing I didn't like about this app was that when you first sign in instant upload turns on I had some really embarrassing  pic upload to my account I managed to take off before any one saw them.
Hot dog! It's getting really good!
4mt compliance LLC.
4mt compliance LLC.
Is googlemail is nbr #1
Great can't even open it
mende paling bodo yang google penah kuar kan
Great new socmed  M
It seems to have stopped working. Checked all settings, seems ok. But not uploading. HTC Sensation on ICS.
Awsm
This app is one of the reasons I stick to G+ more and more instead of using FB
... getting better with each release. Sometimes seems a little slow to pick up new messages from friends.
Its my phone why di I have to install crappy app that I don't want .. so stupid
Very well done app.
cool app
It's amazing apps! Like you Google
Why no business page management? Seems it'd be an easy feature to add, yet it's not there. Program (and service) is of little value to me without this option.
Ok this refresh is way better than that previous crap.  Good job with this one!
I'm quite happy with this app, especially the hangouts. However, please, please, please add the ability to create shortcuts to specific conversations. I have only conversation and it sucks to go through the list every time I want to send something.
This is the best social media app ever!  The app can work on tablets as well as phones.  This app is way better than Facebook, Twitter and Pin-interest!
For now the best version but please try to arrange a better update rate because on messenger and events it still has some delays and it isn't the network because on Facebook and Gtalk it is fully functional
Love the new application
This app is a lot more polished than when it started. If only more people would start using it.
I been trying different social apps but nothing compare with Google, simple is the best.
Nice
Define software quality
Very good
Has changed my life.
Ok
I like it.
New review: SO MUCH BETTER. This new update fixed ALL my prior complaints and just has a much better layout for the larger tablets. It is now the best app to view G+ in.  [Old review: Just awful. Uninstalled. It's time to create a tablet specific version. This looks ridiculously bad; I had really liked the app before the last update. Guess I'm stuck using Facebook as my primary until this issue is fixed.]
Very good mr  Google l
Just wondering if anyone else has an issue hearing people in Hangouts. So far I've only been able to test this from my Gnex to g+ on an iPhone. They can hear me just fine but I can barely here them.
I love new look, Tnx google
Wonderful app for video chat.
Ok!
Ok!
Much better than Foney Book, upfront!
Great app.  Even better now that it is tablet optimized.
Too heavy . Could not connect to the server all the time .
G+ all the way.
G+ all the way.
Facebook is better
This app is cool thank you :)
it is good
Its way better than Facebook
ICS update fixed the issue on Galaxy Note that happened after the last update. Love this app, glad to have it back!
The app is otherwise near flawless, but it appears to auto-upload some photos i take even when i have the feature turned off.
The app is otherwise near flawless, but it appears to auto-upload some photos i take even when i have the feature turned off.
The app is otherwise near flawless, but it appears to auto-upload some photos i take even when i have the feature turned off.
:p
Would give it 5 stars but it needs install to SD.
bestt
Awesome! Update was nothing short of amazing. Looks awesome on my phone AND my tablet!
Fantastic but needs to be moved to SD card....its a real memory hog.
Love it!
Good and relyable
Love it. Last update was awesome! However: there is no way of knowing when someone has +1 your post since the default value of +1 is +1, and they look the same, there is no way of knowing when you have one +1 and zero +1.
What an amazing and easy app.
Great
Google runs my life. I think they could take over the world if they wanted
Instant Upload doesn't appear to be working correctly as it once did. If you select only to upload while on Wifi, it will only upload pictures taken while on wifi. Any pictures taken while not on wifi, will not be uploaded.
Keeps things going on.., perfectoooo....
It is best mobile app I have ever used. It have a smooth and innovative UI. Everything is fast and awesomely perfect.
How do I get into a hangout with this new version it doesn't appear in my messenger when I'm in a conversation????? Help please! Other wise very good app
I just wish the search button (magnifying glass icon) would open a search text box like It does in Twitter, Gmail, calendar, et cetera.
But none of my friends use it :/
I think this app is amazing... I only have one thing bad to say about it and its i don't get all my notifications pushed to my phone and when i go to check my sync account Google+ has an problem sync'ing up... But other than that its amazing!!  Love it
Totally satisfied with G+ on mobile, it's way better than web version.
Compulsory apps!!!
Compulsory apps!!!
@Kevin it's your phone, instability caused the failed package originally and is causing all your other problems, they have nothing to do with this app. Time to call in that warranty.
THIS IS AN OUTSTANDING APP. _ _
Simple and convenient
A very good upgrade of google.
a nice update. :-)
Great app great features! Am I Google geek
I like it.
Not really sure what im supposed to do...
Great but my friends not used google+
auz
Wasn't a big fan of the desktop version, but mobile makes g+ a joy to browse and post.
g
Most beautiful app I ever saw.
I like plus but this app is not very good.  Loading media and images is extremely slow when compared to using the web on the same connection.  Update: The latest interface sucks.  Now everything is centered around drop-down-menus  which is cumbersome compared to the previous "swipe" interface. Bring the old one back.
I like it Its so useful app.
Good
Really amazingly helpful in staying in touch with multiple friends at the same time! Works awesomly well on my S3
The new UI it's simple and beautiful.
The UI is great - but the widget has problems refreshing and retaining contact pictures (One X).
This was a awsum app
It makes my life easy
It makes my life easy
Unbeatable network and app
Se aventaron un dime.gracias
The changes in this version are wonderfully intuitive.
I like it very good
Re
Sucks that you can't post reviews on google maps anymore
Like the app, but miss support for animated gifs. But can live it. Still a few more option in a browser, I hope they will be ported eventually.
Now please convince my friends to use it!
Great
Love it!! I have the widget on my desktop at all times. 5 stars. Icona tab A200
I no longer use this, but when my phone upgraded, this was installed.
grate
I really hope they include the ability to see .gifs soon!  I'm not too fond of having to click on a 'post' more than twice to see the WHOLE picture.  This current version is 'pretty', however, not very functional for me.  I still love this social site AND app tons better than Facebook!!!
Awsome. Works just great. Cant really say anything more than AWSOME
Like
I guess this is an android complaint, but don't make this a system app plz.
I love this google app. I love the messenger and video chat. Great job!
Amazing...
Very good
I'd love to try this, but it crashes on opening on Toshiba Thrive. Fix that and we'll talk.
Google rocks
All that work and it wont open!!!!
INSTALLLL THIS APPPLICCATTION OOKKKAAY
Good excellent
It's Awesome I Can Comunicate With My Friends Perfectly!!
AMAZING; GREAT; ALL THE ABOVE
I find the app is the best on he market for social networking. I it is smooth and not cluttered like most social apps like Facebook. My only issue is why isn't predicted text coming up while i am using SwiftKey, it works everywhere else. Is this a app issue or a SwiftKey issue?
Good for use
Good
I thought this was a direct competitor to Facebook but it's not. I like this better.  The hangouts are cool.
Thank you:)
Was able to finally reinstall but now wont connect to server and force closing. Goint to uninstall again!
I love it
I love it
Good app
Runs perfect
Nice applcn
Works great.
Awesome
Love it its great
How the Facebook app should be
Crashed
Its very nice
No more photo data - no picture taken information, no camera info... :(
Not only the new interface is good-looking and easy to use , but one can finally work with notifications. Well done!
This app is totally cool
What happened, all of sudden crashes constantly or becomes inresponsive. Please fix google. Love g plus, need this to work though.  Droid Bionic
Very beautiful UI!
Love the app, use it daily. No complaints.
Force closes when I try to look at my picture albums, won't upload photos either occasionally
Google plus is simply great :D
>.>
Very nice
Finally the application installed on my phone
Finally the application installed on my phone
I love this app
nice apps
Very good
I love what Google is doing with design and behavior, unifying the look of their products. Functionality is super intuitive, this is what Facebook's app wishes it was.
Awesome
Cool :-)
Cool :-)
Cool :-)
Cool :-)
Better than fb app
I originally was so annoyed about the lack of tablet support I uninstalled this. It was worth the wait, I'll happily use it again now! Very slick.
I like it. I like. I Want some More of it!
Best looking and most useful app I have ever used.  Its getting me to use g+ more BC the Facebook app is so terrible.  Great restaurant and bar feature in local. Easy check in and great integrated photo management.
Just perfect
love navigation & GUI most...day by day Google is getting better n better with design....love this...
but then its google and there is no excuse for it not to be. Mabe the team should do all the google apps
It is coollllllll
