Won't let me play, always shuts down
I've waited patiently for months (note I bought this the day it came out) and still no new levels. Not even so much as a "hey we're working on it" from the devs. Poor form guys
Played demo and hope this works. Rated low because its not offering a refund button.
Purchase this all and it won't install this is not a good purchase.
I have more than half my available phone space remaining and yet this game won't install due to insufficient space. Same with free version, no issues with installing other games
This app freeze Xoom when start.  Trava o Xoom ao abrir o aplicativo. So volta reiniciando.
Won't download despite phone being compatible & won't refund - totally unimpressed
Great "
Would rate it alot higher but it glitches. It shows the water in the exact opposite spot where it should be.
It would be nice if it downloaded after 8 hours of waiting
I love this game, but the update messed up the graphics. Slow and grainy. Fix please.
The free trial worked but this version crashes on the intro screen before Perry gets his hat on. Tried reinstalling which was no help.
Says insufficient storage, but i have plenty.  Droid x2
A great game
Galaxy tab 2 7" runs very slow frame rate them tablet resets. Does this every time
Won't work for HTC WILDFIRE newer version.
Pretty cool game, but freezes up a lot. Sometimes I have to restart my phone. Really like the challenges though
This is 'where's my water' with another skin :-(
This gets a low review because the game cuts off and I never played so it is a waste of time and money
Worked fine until update now closes as soon as opened.  Fix will change rating
Needs fixing. Crashes and hangs on start up, requiring a soft reset. Motorola Xoom on Jellybean.
Completely hangs
Takes for ever to install
Resoloution is all messed up once i wnter the game.  Using a non rooted sensation with latest updates.
So what's the difference from where's my water? Just a new character? Thanx but no thanx!
I hat it refunds
This game freezes my phone every time it is a played!
crash crash crash crash still.
I haven't Been able to open it consitantly. It has reinstalled three times...all just trying to open it...
I would leave a higher rating as the game itself is pretty fun. But it is interupted all the time by a pop-up that wants me to give it a rating...
Bough this at 11 august, can't be installed, send email to developer, but still no reply. :(
I paid for this stupid game and it still is always running wasting battery doing god knows what. I want my dollar back!
I CANNOT BELIEVE THE AUDICITY OF THE IDIOT WHO WANTS TO CHARGE MONEY FOR EVERY LEVEL...I DONT THINK SO! HAD YOU STATED THAT THE GAME LEVELS ..MUST BE PURCHASED !!! I WOULDNT HAVE WASTED MY MONEY!!! AND TIME!!! ONLY TO FIND OUT TO UNLOCK THE NEXT LEVELS IN THE GAME YOU MUST CONTINUE TO PURCHASE!!! I WANT MY REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"I WANT MY REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I WANT MY REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The game says that there is not enough space avaliable. There is enough. Looks fun ill give it that maybe I'll know someday. :(
Everytime i time i try to play the game it turn off from the game so i can play..... Don't buy this game until they fix the bugs
It is just a copy of wheres my water
Very too much like where is my water... But still not as good.
Really fun and addicting even for the older but still young at heart
Can't get refund and dosn't work!
Not worth the money. Even if it were free I would not download it. Negative 10 out of 0.
Great game not too hard but hard enough to keep ya interested and plenty of boards with hopefully a few updates with levels later on
It will not install. Says cannot save to my USB or sd card. I know my sd card is fine and I have plenty of storage space both on my internal and sd card
Paid, now it will not even download....  Where's my water on my kindle is fun.... I thought this would be to.
Keeps force closing during the loading screen. :(
bought this game, because i like Where's My Water - but that one became incompatible with my Desire S because of the size of the app. now I'm locked out of this one also, same reasons. Great work Disney, way to go!
Freezes up on my Acer A500 tablet running ice cream sandwich. Bummer for the kids.
Doesn't function!
Ever since the update came out, the game locks up my Xoom where I have to reboot.  Also, uninstall does not let you save you data!  I lost all of my unlocked levels and achievements.
Slow! Doesn't work well!  don't WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY!
Updated and now not compatible with my device (HTC Desire s)
Motorola XOOM with jelly bean and game freezes after a few game plays. Only way to fix is in installing reinstall. :-P
Won't open. Crashes from the start on Xoom tablet. Once bug is fixed will review again
This gamed seemed awesome but everytime i open it, it says that there was a provlem i will uninstall and get my refund!
Two large updates with nothing to show, done with this game.
Had it installed, wouldn't update... uninstalled and now it won't install again at all!! I have plenty of storage space so what's up??!!
Will change rating if this problem is resolved
Having got into the game I was thoroughly disappointed to find there was ONLY 80 levels. All stars collected and still no new levels...
Why update and no new levels.
The game took all of 45 mins to finish. Tge game mentions new levels coming soon. It has been months and there have been no levels added. Just useless bug fixes. Shame on you disney.
C'om at least a few new levels. I'm starting to regret buying it. The levela are easy.
samsung galaxy s plus :(
All these big corporations are all the same. They all care about $. Disney is no different. They clearly just knocked off where's my water due to the amazing growing love of where's my water. And just like suckers we all ran out and got it, instead of being patient and hoping where's my water gives us a truly free update with free levels. Cut out the gimmicks disney
Keeps booting me off. Please update so I can play
If you're going to sell an entire new game at least put some resources in it! Don't just copy where's my water and pass it off as a new game
i looks like a good game but when it says filling the tub when its almost done loading it takes me out of the page please fix it looks fun
Doesn't work on my phone how do i get my money back
I use to have where's my water I finished now I can't get wheres my water or where's my Perry on my HTC wildfire s is it not for android anymore?
I purchased this game on google play for nothing. As soon as I press play the game shuts down and resets to my home screen. I've emailed the developers and followed their instructions and have not heard from them since, I just want to play the game on my LG Esteem 4G please fix this issue I'm not looking for a refund.
Useless
It downloads, but won't install on my droid X
I feel like the victim of a nasty bait & switch.  I and my kids loved this game. When the new 37MB update came out, it stopped loading the update. Wondering if it was an SD Card problem, I uninstalled it but the game won't reinstall. As it turns out, some droids have a 35MB limit. I didn't think mine was one, but apparently it is (Motorola Triumph). Now, not only do I not have the updates, but I no longer have the original that I paid for and can NOT reinstall it.  Poor form, Disney. Hope you bring the file size down so people who have paid for it can actually play it.
Game closes every time I try to open level 4. Poor imitation of 'Where's my water'
Every time I try to play the game closes out...  really sucks glad I only paid 0.99 for it and will be the last Disney app I purchase
This game stinks i baught it and it dosent work
Force closes before it starts, updates have done nothing to improve that. I deserve a refund, cant open it.
Only 20 levels...and then it makes you spend more money for more levels!  20 levels, I was done in 30 minutes!  Not worth it.  buyer beware!
Won't install on phone or sd card:'(
I need a refund
Game turns off on initial load screen since game came out.  I have updated every update and same thing.  Bogus.
Super fun.
Update will not load
I either want a refund or an update so that I can actually play the game. I paid for a game I can't play that's not cool! !
No new levels. Been ages now....
Really fun when your bored and tryn to pass some time, needs more levels tho!!!
Hi I purchased the game via my master card and now I'm trying to install it but it keeps on telling me not enough space on your device,when 11 gb are there to use.plz tell me what to do.
Theme music continuously plays after I exit the game. Must force close.
What exactly was this update about? Nothing in the description but somehow it was 37mb download! No new levels! Just a waste of my time! You better put a real update soon!!!
Game worth the $, can't stop playing!
I have to keep accessing google play to open this game EVEN THOUGH I'VE BOUGHT IT !!
The game will never open keep going back to main stream ugh i want a refund how can i rate some they never stay open to let me play dam stupid game refund please!!!
Where is my water copy, but good
Not enough room i have 2gb open wtf
It loadid a viris very bad for dizny
Fun game...would enjoy it more if it stopped crashing and freezing my phone; Samsung Galaxy S...update please, or, is it JUST me?
I would love this game cause I love where's my water but my phone wont let me install it soo I don't like it sorry guys and girls if u hate this review?!?!?!:( but I gave it one star!?!?!
My son played this only for a minute before it stopped working..should have read the comments before buying this. Arg.
This game appears to only work when I am online. I can't believe a company like Disney would be this incompetent.
Like Where's My Water, an internet connection is required to play this game. Frustrates my children when we have no WiFi.
Utterly useless, pricked my phone .... Want a refund
Exactly like where's my water with different story line.
Doesn't work!
Gave me no time to try game before refund option gone! Got stuck in app when it froze and, naturally, they must've only given me 2 min to refund! I'd like my money back. Uninstalled within 7 min!
brought this for my phone & haven't been able to play a single game, it freezes my whole phone resulting in me having to take out the battery. Really wanted this game but will be having to waste my money on a game that I can't actually play....not happy!
How come it needs internet connection? Paid for this game to play offline anytime. Now i need to look for internet connection to play. I want my money back!
This game has a horrible delay, it freezes a lot
Love the game but crashed my phone. Now i have to buy another phone because ever since it crashed it wont get any service.
Sucks
I supported them by buying all of the where's my water dlc, and this is what they give us? They took an idea that they made fun, slapped a cartoon on top, and gave us a pile of unoriginal, low resolution, crap. I am proud to say Disney won't get any money out of me for anything besides where's my water accessories. Such a rip.
I paid for it and now it forecloses and i tried a few times and can't get a refund either. Sucks!!!!!!!
Why does this game need a data connection to work? On my Nexus 7 if I turn off WiFi the game will fail to start. After it is started if you turn off WiFi it will force close. Love the game, but should not require data to work.
I paid and it wont let me down load it
bought and wont play. sucks
It says that the app can't install on my sd or phone storage, the refund button doesn't show up either, fix please or give me my money back
I paid for this app and can't use it!!  It force closes every time I press on the app!!
Its the same thing as wheres my water but with perry whats up with that
Was a 4 star game but can't play unless connected to the Internet - needs to be fixed, not all tablets have a data connection.
Good game. But I want to play with my nexus7 but it is wifi only.
Went to open this game after playing it for a day and it said it was uninstalled. WTF. Fun to play but, WHY! WHY DID YOU UNINSTALL?!?! Also caused all of my media sound to stop working. All of it. YouTube, brightest flashlight, droidvox, the list goes on and on.
Won't load past original screen, lg esteem. Refund! if you fix this i will purchase again
Does anyone know why I can't play this game? Samsung jewel. I downloaded it last night and still havent got passed the loading missions screen.
Just like where's my water very addicting... I only wish they had more levels.
My game does not go past the loading page. I unistalled it and reinstalled it several times but still nothing. Did anybody else have this problem?
It just freezes after a couple of levels.
Great game. However, the game checks your internet connection when opening. If you are disconnected (no wifi on a wifi only tablet) the game FCs. This was not stated before buying. This is some Disney garbage I suppose. I give it one star because this severely limits the playability. I will give 5 stars when this is fixed.
Chrashes if no wifi on samsung tab 2.  Will give 5 stars when fixed.
But not so good as where is my water
I do not like
M
Awesome game : )
Keep getting an error message saying there is insufficient space on device?!? There is a TON of space!!! I can download all other apps except this and Where's My Water?
Way way too short, and no different to where's my water.
I was recommended this from a friend and i have to.say I'm thoroughly disappointed with this. It had a lot of potential but in all honesty its just stupid. The loading screen takes way too long to load as well as the overall.game screens. I'm very disappointed... I wish they did something unique with this.
Crashes if no connectivity
Got my phone hanging whenever i launch the game. Wasn't able to explore the game til now because of the error encountered. Pls. Fix bugs.
I would love to give the game more stars but i get a force close after hitting play
Wont work
I shouldn't have to have internet to play this game.  I did pay for it, so why make that a must?  Would be five stars.
So many glitches that are frustrating as hell. Trying to get a 50 second time bonus for an achievement, did the level in 10 seconds... Where's my achievement.
This game is horrible despicable and terrible
Same game. New char.
This is literally the EXACT same game as Where's my water. I was hoping it might have some differences but it's identical with new graphics. What a waste.
This you can use dr.doof's inventions to make the water steam,ice, or just stay water. And if you are thinking about getting it get it ask your parent and click install now!
I can't get this to download on my galaxy tab.
This is the same game as 'Where's my water' . Don't make the mistake I did and waste money buying both of them.
Purchased and it won't work on my htc desire hd , 4.0.4 version. Also where is my water is also not working! What the hell? Fizika it or refund money
Identical to where's my water
Never would work. Kept saying I don't have enough storage space even though I had 3 other apps that worked and when I deleted them it still wouldnt work
One star for Disney team, as I purchased Cranky's story and Where's my water and on the next day they became unsuported for my desire s with the last update 3 months ago.
I downloaded because I liked where's my water. Game was going good until it started freezing up and forceclosing... Im gonna try reloading it... My kid wants to play it too..
It keeps freezing and not letting me remove sand in places. Not worth the 99 cents
I bought this for my kid to play with in the car.  Because i only have a wifi tablet, it totally will not work.  The requirement to have an Internet connection isn't mentioned anywhere in the product description.  ZERO STARS DISNEY.
At first it was playing fine but then it started foreclosing. FIX IT!!!!!
No funciona se traba a cada rato
This game does not work.
Worst game in the galexy of apps!!
Dosent even deserve one star, the stupid thing onky works if you have an internet connection, rendering it useless for anybody with a wifi only tablet.  Remove the stupid restriction. What a load of crap
First level of The Fall Of Major Monogram is automatically closes and brings me back to my phones menu.... This game is faulty and not worth my spare time to play.... Standard!
Great game for kids and adults.
Soon as i downloaded my phone is trash had to buy a new one!
Game will not run properly on my phone and disney will not issue a refund, even though requested within 15 minutes of purchase. Disney is a bully and a thief disguised as an imagination factory!!!
Enjoyable. Easy to play. Funny dialogue during missions.
Paid for the full app but the app force closes once i get to the puppet master levels.
Disappointed my tablet is really laggy just for this game
Mad i wasted money on dis
I have downloaded this twice now and both times it gets as far as loading missions then completely freezes my phone.  HTC wildfire.
instead of releasing more levels for an existing game they just changed the characters and made this "new" game. totally dissapointed. just a money making scheme.
Horable graphics!
Continues to forceclose when I hit play. I havent been able to play it since I bought it...  dissapointed and want my $$ back
Don't work on inspire with asopx pics
Wont work on my htc wildfire s :(
Can't remove dirt necessary to complete the second level....
This game is awesome my son love u guys because he loves Phineas and Ferb
nothing's new, it is really "where's my water". just change character.
I would give it 0 stars bcuz it don't work. All it does is exits me out to my phones home page..I have installed it 5 times already my kids were really looking forward to playing it..this app sucks.....please fix it!!
Please remove this restriction. Not Everyone has internet available all the time.
Why won't this download on Samsung?
There are constant freezes and crashes. Unplayable!
I bought this for my son who is four and he loves it.... When I let him play it :-) I love it!
Level 2 isn't loading.
Regret buying this in app purchase.  Nothing new or different from where's my water.  Just cashing in with a popular character.   Where's my water fans beware.  Never tried to get a refund for a $1 app but this will be the first.   ** update.. beware you only have 15mins to refund an app purchase.  Should be ample time in this case.
Just great.
It wont let me load the games. Says loading mission but it just closes completely. Would totaly give better review is it is anything like WMW... but cant play it to find out ...bummer
해보는중
My game simply doesn't install. After it finishes download, my game's status changes to downloading and remains stuck there.
thiz games SUUUUCKS!!! it doesnt load on my android... what a waiste of money....
구매를 했는데 설치가 안되네요 403에러와 941 에러가 뜨네요
Won't download on my phone. So I went to cancel and it won't refund my money
It to take to long to load
I tried to play and i couldn't  play it said the game has shut down unectspectedly. So boo.
Runs well in S3.. far too easy.. finished already..
Gets very repetitive very quickly.
The graphics go all fuzzy since I downloaded this game on all my apps need to reboot to get rid of it
On my phone it is taking so long please fix and ill give it 5 stars
What the, I've tried to download this for like 3 times and still an invalid package notification appears! Please do fix this! Im giving 2 stars only because so many others says it's a good game.. Come on, fix this!
Been waiting over a month
I paid for this app and I don't appreciate paid apps harassing me about rating them like this one did.  And I've been trying to be patient waiting for more levels, but it's getting ridiculous
Will rate 5 when this is fixed
Its a nice game exactly same as where is my water. . Nothing new but i love it
Graphics are terrible on sensation xe. All pixelated. Laggy as well and seems too similar to wheres my water.
Gyi
Not cool it take for ever to  load
A great different alteration from an awesome game
I paid. I do not want to be bothered with ads. Take them off.
Needs more levels. Not worth the purchase in the meantime
Great game, but it freeze after loading on my Motorola Xoom with the new Jelly Bean.
Thats 2 updates with no new levels. This gets you knocked down to 2 stars.
2 update recently but no new levels. I prefer where's my water, just need more levels.
It's a funn game like it alot but since ive had it its up dated twice and still no new levels!! Beat all the levels and there is nothing left to do so why keep it.
I bought this thinking it was an update for 'Where's my Water', not so, Disney seemingly are just being clever by disguising it as a separate game due to all of the "I'm not paying for updates" complaints.  'Where's my Perry' works in much the same way as 'Where's my Water', only it has gnomes, lasers and secret files in place of ducks, goo explosions and collections, with some added commentary to bring a tame element of humour to the game. My Acer iconia a200 tablet also froze up when I initially tried to play 'Perry', possibly due to buying the game via a link within 'Water' and then having the two games running at the same time, although it has done it again since without other games running so I'm not so sure!  2* for the quick fix gaming aspect, I'll be sticking with 'Water' from now on though.
Keeps freezing my galaxy s2. Only way to fix is to remove battery... Although its like where is my water its not as good/adorable and less value for money.. Less free levels.
Alright
Requires an always on internet connection otherwise it won't even startup. Makes it impossible to play while traveling. Not sure why a single player game needs internet to run
No description, 37mb and apparently nothing new? Got this a few days ago. Not a good start!
Force closing when not connected online. Bugger!
4-10 will not let me get the third gnome no matter how i do it, bogus and very frustrating
While this is a fun game you can only play it when you have a WiFi connection,which makes it useless for casual gaming. This is a serious flaw so I cannot recommend the game.
:D
Great game but crashes if there is no wifi available or in aeroplane mode. A fix or clear communication about this would be appreciated.
Does not fill the screen on galaxy note and accuracy is way off. Can't touch where I want to touch
Really Awesome but it forces me to close.... Cant open it...
Fun game, but stopped working. Worked for about a day then wouldn't open!
If you own Where's my Water, don't bother buying this. It's essentially the same game with different characters.
Took forever to download on my X2
It seems this game and where's my water works online only. Which is no good for the Nexus 7 unless you're constantly connected.
Only works if you are connected to WIFI.
Just another game i paid for and now don't work! Crashes when losing
Fue lindo pensar que este era una continuación de where's my water pero ni cerca. No solo es muy corto sino también es muy fácil.
Yfgdhnb
BUT WHY DO I NEED TO PAY TO INLOCK LEVELS IN A GAME I PAYED FOR?
Fix the graphics and will give five stars
When trying to play the final section. Fix and its five stars. Better than where's my water
Was ok. Not sure i'd rave about it. Very similar to wheres my water although much easier. Not overly enthralled. Wasn't bad but very far from good.
Its really buggy,  goes white sometimes and unresponsive to touch.
Display is not sharp. It's pixelated and stretched. SGSII
I have a 7" GT 2.  The game works fine IF you have WI-Fi enabled.  Without Wi-Fi..NO GAME...  Not good for long car rides.  Additionally after a few games the game get very slow. I have to force end under the task manager and clear the memory to get the game to work properly again.  I would have liked to have a notice that internet is required to play.  Hopefully the glitches will be fixed in an update.  I gave it 1 star for the internet and glitchy play. Other wise it would have been a 4 star.
Same game as "Where's My Water" only different characters and sounds. Come on Disney...
실행이잘되었다면 더좋을텐데 덕분에핸드폰은 아메리칸
Buggy, certain areas of dirt can't be removed when they should be, making completion of levels impossible
Fun game, however you pay for the game, but still you have to pay for the levels. Its b.s. Total Ripoff
But I'm regretting not buying Cranky's story instead - even though it costs twice as much!
fun game but won't load up fourth level just takes me back to start
If you has done 'Where's my water', Not having to do this game. It already has elements from Where's my water. There's Nothing New.
You must be connected to the internet for the game to run, otherwise it will FC.   I have a wifi only tablet and bought this game for my kiddo to play in the car.  Now I have a mad kid that doesn't understand why the game won't work all the time.  Really disappointing that there is nothing indicating you MUST be connected for the game to even function.
Nothing like making a little money off of kids buying the game to only play a few levels. My five year played and in no time Disney is trying to get another $2.50 for the full game.  Lame
but worse.
This game has freezed up my phone so many times.  It is a very fun game without the glitches.
The game doesnt fit the entire screen of the note! Needs to be fixed. Other than that its awesome!
Hopefully after an update I can play the game as it constantly force closes as it's loading and is frustrating as I love Where's My Water and want to give this a try but can't....
This seems targeted at young children, the puzzles are very simple. The graphics are more crude compared to Where's My Water. There are a few new mechanics compared to WMW, but I would prefer the team behind WMW use these mechanics (manual lasers, sludge and lava etc) than be forced to endure more Perry. Sorry P, you are on your own from now on.
Its too slow Fix!
Good but not as good as wheres my water
I feel like there is a lot of lag time in the game the game play takes too long.
Works great on my nexsus phone, but keeps locking up my Zoom tablet.
Its good bit too short beat it in an hour amd the secret agent missions are pretty stupid
Needs more levals I beat it in less than a day and I have played till I have the acevments
It's great I dont begrudge paying 64p for it that's really good cheep id say :-)
Great game but come on with some new levels already.....
Needs more levels, otherwise a great game.
I love it but where are the new levels.... would it kill you to add a few more levels... got 3 stars on every single level
Great!!!! app
Addictive but too much like where's my water
Bought this several months ago but still no new levels as promised...
I really enjoyed this game when I first down loaded and couldn't put it down until I  beat it. Now I'm dropping the rating to 3 starts because it had taken so long for new levels to come out. Will change rating after release of more levels!
Good game very additive but not worth payin for only 3 levels that u beat n a day. hopefuls more levelz are to come.
This is just as much fun as where's my water! But watch out for those lasers! Great fun!! <--- while it lasts!! I am still waiting on "more levels coming soon!"   You developers shouldn't be allowed to say that any more because you very, very seldom release any new levels!! This B.S. has cost you two stars.
Good game
This game is fun and lasting.
A bunch of fun!
Really nice game!
Very enjoyable and addicive, the only issue I have with the game is its causing my S3 to heat up dramatically. 5 stars even tg e problem is fixed.
I loved Where's My Water -- it is a masterpiece. However Where's My Perry is too similar and not very innovative.  I personally find Perry to be very ambiguous, he makes a noise like a demented alien which verges on disturbing. I expeced more, to be frank.
I've mastered all the levels in 2 days, where's the updates.
Pretty cool game, but freezes up a lot. Sometimes I have to restart my phone. Really like the challenges though
I like the game and would give it 5 stars but it's hard to enjoy when the game keeps freezing. Makes me mad because I bought something defective. This really needs to be fixed. I have a Samsung Galaxy S.
Fun game but too short and too easy
Its fun to play when it doesnt freeze when you get a phone call.
Enjoyable , but way too few levels
Thought this would be a repeat of Where's My Water?, however, it is different enough to be fun.
Fun, but it's the same as where s my water. Also as it is now, it's very short. Need more levels.
Great game kids love it but its been a month and no new levels yet.....
Where is the duck
where are other missions?
Yo
Compared to "Where is my Water" the graphics in this game look bad. Looks like the devs never heard of antialias... hope its just my phone...
Fun game! Works great on a Samsung galaxy nexus!
Would rate 5 but for some reason it keeps crashing on my g2x
Not realy original
Needs alot more levels to be worth it
There is a spot where you have to go all the way back to the main menu after playing secret file games.  Otherwise it is a good time wasting game.
Cool game. Love it
It has a lot of new gadgets
Not too bad
The same as where's my water but still pretty fun!!
If you are a fan of where's my water by all means buy it. But I just don't think it does enough to really differentiate itself from its predecessor
Would be an excellent game if it actually worked! Screen keeps going weird, making it unplayable, even after re-installation. Disappointed.
Its ok i just dont know why i got this but where is my water is better
As good as where's my water.
The game play itself is 5 stars; fun and entertaining, same as Where's My Water?. However, I bought this game the day it launched, now over a month ago, and there are STILL no new levels for Android. Disney had the money to hire more staff to keep levels streaming out. It just seems that, as usual, Disney really doesn't care about their customers. They should take a few pages from Rovios customer appreciation.
The game freezes my tablet (Motorola Xoom - Jellybean ) when it start loading "Disney mobile " and transitioning to "play " menu. But the rest is fun.
Why the update if there's nothing new and I see no duck I passed all the levels got all things and the files passed that too and no duck. Good game but its losing stars for the two fake updates and no duck.
I don't understand I am updating this game second time (around 37mb) and there is no additionsl levels wtf?? :-)
Love the game but here we go again. More updates for "bug fixes" but still no new levels. I'm starting to learn that in the App World, "More Levels Coming Soon" has a whole new meaning.
Good
This is my favorite game, but until it gets updated its at 3 stars. We've waited a month now, when? 5 star when new levels
It is a good and fun game but on level three, I can't remove the dirt to let the water go through? I can get some places but others it just doesn't recognize my touch. Fix this or make it more touchable pleasse
Love the game, but HATE how it eats my battery
Enjoyable, but too short. Some interesting puzzles, but just too short.
Bit complex for smaller kids but very engaging for older ones.
But.... Where's the new levels? Its taking too long for updates i would give 5 stars but for that its quite frustrating
Purchased game only 4 levels, what up with that?
После обновления игра перестала запускаться.
Fun game but way too short. I should have bought where's my water.
36mb of big fixes, r u kidding me.....
Fun "expansion" for where's my water, except it regularly crashes trying to open certain levels
No info on the update? Game is nice and worth 5s, but I do not like blind updates, especially on big sized games like this one. Therefore this all I give for now.
Good very good
Not as good as original!
The only new thing on the latest update was more bonus levels. Lame! More levels please
Wheres my new levels? How soon is soon? We want new levels for all the WMW games. Still fun though so 3 stars for you!
In my opinion,t original is very good... But Perry shows theres no limit..Keep t good work!!!
Its ok pretty much like wheres my water but its ok
Coming from where's my water, this game is an insult to anyone's intellect above the age of 10. The puzzles are not hard at all (had to sit and think with level 4-19) the majority of them can be tri-gnomed and collectible achieved in a matter of seconds, literally. When they add more levels I hope they increase the difficulty. Until then I'll be playing through Crankys story for a bit harder of a challenge.
Bought it as I thought it would be the sequel to where is my water. But it is technically not the same, inferior graphics and puzzles.
I enjoy playing Where's My Perry! Needs more levels though.
Wish there was more level
Lots of problems w game freezing during play. Had to remove and install several times. Finally after many error messages finally got it working...for now.
Good game. I like it better than where's my water. But it has some issues. First, the game looks terrible on my HTC One S. It looks great on my nexus 7. Second, the game needs to be connected to the internet at all times or else it will force quit. I have to tether my nexus 7 to my one s so that my daughter can play in the car. Fix those issues and I'll upgrade my review to 5 stars.
Its a good game, downloaded and played because its exactly like wheres my water. I give 3 stars because it freezes my phone and I have to restart my phone. Fix and will download again. *Samsung Galaxy S*
d andre is my name mean d andre s c o d e l a n d e r a p please still eat it that you left in I want to right now not doin not enoughng ondeomdra	dion drizzling right now my name is the honda easley thank you
갤노트에서 안돌아가나요 믿에 전부 같은증상인거 같은데 환불해주거나 업데이트일정줘요
I really like the game but it frequently locks up my phone and uninstalls itself. Several bugs in its operating system. When it plays, very fun and challenging.
Great graphics but annoyingly it requires an internet connection to start and to play... Nexus7
I cant play in mission 4. Kicking me out of the game.
Luv it  haha
Just like erred my water
The game is OK, but not a patch on the original. And the scenario seems like it's had half an hour's work at best. All Secret agent Perry does is wait in prison for you to free him. In what sense is he truly a secret agent or indeed a platypus? The fonts and graphics look cheap, too.
A great fun game, but with a wi-fi only tablet it is frustrating that the game requires Internet connection to function. There is no warning about this and no reason for it. It is unnecessary and diminishes the game somewhat.
Same as Where's my water, but not as cute
Will not install on my droid 2
If you like where's my water, you'll like this one.  However, on my HTC One S, there is a non-functioning menu bar at the bottom that you cannot hide and cuts off the bottom of the game.
Shame of the low res graphic.
Addicting
But not so good as where is my water
Yaay
is not all that satisfying, it was not something different from the other games that I had played
They just give you one little level. Please give me my money back.
Ran through the levels quickly... Needs more levels!
If you like wheres my water, you might not like this game. Try the free version first. Its geared more towards kids. Its too easy. Lacks any challenge.
I must say thanks a lot Disney for ruining my life once again with a new installment of Where's my Perry.  The game was loads of fun but..... repetitive.  If you gotten through wheres my water this game will be elementary.  First 2 chapter which is like 20 levels are super easy but that's because I have played wheres my water.  I just hope the rest of 60 levels will be challenging.... But overall a great game, worth the 99 cents.
Game is good & works well
딱히 더 재미있진 않아요
I bought the app yesterday, and it charged me twice!! This is my first android app purchased from Google Play, and I'm quite disappointed about this. Hope that Google Play would respond to my issue.  I can give 5 stars to the game. To make it equal with the inconvenience I have experienced, I'll only give it a half.
I thinl they could do better
Not difference from where's my water? why not do more level for where 's my water instead created new game but same playing.
Same design team how made where's my water I guess . Nothing different except the graphics
Pretty much the same as "Where's my water?". However it regularly crashes, annoyingly meaning I have to reboot my Samsung GS2. Otherwise as entertaining like wmw.
If you like where's my water to the extend of willing to fork extra, get it. But know that the graphic is awful, watering gnome instead of ducky is illogical, to the story a well as the game mechanic. The game bonus level is simply stupid. And the size (thirty MB) is just too huge to justify.
Okay
Not nearly as good as Where's my water. But worth it for a buck.
The comments on "what could be taking you so long" are really making me upset! Let me enjoy the game and don't tell me I'm slow!!! Wtf
.
the game is fun when it works right. it blacks out instead of loading. the music continues while your NOT playing and on phone calls. also it freezes during game play.
Tried to hard to make the kids like it. It's fun but there's a lot of graphics and stuff going on and it drains my battery quick.
plz
I like 'where is my water' series a lot, however this one has a low resolution graphics on my desire HD. Moreover it lags sometimes, which is very annoying. Will update my review once the graphics improves and glitches fixed.
Nothing new. Could be also a free level pack for where is my water. For being sold as a new game to little
게임도 스왐피에비하면 좀 허접함 ㅋ그래도 할만하당
How about making a new game instead of a spin off of other successful game. Entertaining game though
"Where's my Water" is much more fun,
This game is a great game but hv many force close bugs on my xperia sola..  If i want to play the game..  This game usually close n back to my device main menu..  I hope update will coming soon..
..... And still going! I have never seen any app take that long.
...but it's laggy and graphics with a ladder on the edges. HTC Incredible S with Android ICS
Not as good as where's my water... Better off spending $.99 on cranky. Only a couple levels had any real challenge. Definitely geared toward the younger crowd
It is nothing new in comparison to Swampy/Cranky. InGame graphics are very poor too. Waiting for update! So far I lost $1, it should have been for free with Swampy purchase.
Good game but same as Where's My Water, nothing new.
Seems to be harder to run than the previous iteration.
A little too easy and not enough  levels to start with . I finished it to quickly including the bonus level .now I'm going to forget about it until the new releases come out ,unlike where's my water where I was still working on it when they released new levels
Easier version of Wheres My Water, not as detailed, not as cute.  Finished quickly.  More for kids.  Its alright, but its not nearly as good as Wheres My Water.  Bonus levels suck.
You need  alot of money for the levels to buy it and to bill it . It gets boring . I rather get wheres my water, but you could try it .
But I can't play the levels
The lag really is bad.. Fix and this game would get 5 stars...
this would get a 5 if it would install
Problem is that on some levels it isn't registering where I want to dig.  Dirt won't move.   Yes it works in those areas in other games so its not the screen.  Droid phone
Please improve graphics on LG optimus v.
Fun game, nearly identical to where's my water in concept. Loads slow, freezes my phone. Glad it was only 99 cents.
Love the concept of the game. However this game is causing my phone to reset often. Every 4 levels or so the game will freeze and force restart the phone. This will be i great game once the bugs are worked out.
Its where's my water.  Levels are very easy.  In most cases 2 easy.  I am half way through and have yet to be challenged.   Where's my water had some tough levels that really took some thought.  This one does not.
Bought it. Played it. Enjoyed it. But why do I need to pay for a new app rather than have these new levels added to the app that I already bought that is the exact same?
Agent p is kind of anoying tring to get out whille you solve a puzzel Thats the issue
Very similar to wheres my water. Fun but better getting that.
Needs HD graphics on tablets, Where's My Water looks fine in comparison. Please sort.
Tried three times to download, error message pops up. Boo hoo I really wanted to play too
Great way to kill time when you have to wait.
The game is really fun and worth only 99c but it could do more with the secret files you uncover. It doesn't do a great job of explaining what anything does.
Very fun and addictive game !! 8-)
Addictive
Good
My kids (and I) love it! The only problem is to open up the next level it keeps saying we need two more gnomes...other than that its fun, and thought provoking.
Just need more levels
My son loves this game! Maybe you could put phineas and pherb in future levels!
My son is entertained every time he plays. Good buy, great fun.
Good game but its a copy of the old game, where is the water
A perfect mix of easy fun and challenging all in one game!
Shorter than Where's My Water though but harder. Def worth it!
I love this, play it on my galaxy tablet and phone
I love this, play it on my galaxy tablet and phone
Love it, even my six year old enjoys it .
Its a fun game me bd my niece love it! :)
No problems just wish there were more levels
Too few levels
A nice app, but a little disappointing for people who played "Where is my water?"
Love it lol
This game is fun. No question about it. Challenging for kids and addicting for adults. Encourages creative and critical thinking.
Just needs more levels
Very infectious play! Kids and adults alike will love to play this game. A great way to pass some time.
Love this app. The whole family enjoys this game even the older kids we are always trying to beat each others score it is easy enough for the little ones to play and challenging enough for the older kids and even I can't seem to stop playing. Good job this is a family fun app!!!! But next time needs to be longer it really is a short game and we have the full version.
Good but the lasers instantly turning all the water to steam is irritating, couldn't it turnout to steam as it hits the laser?
Great game.  Would be 5 stars if there was online game saves
Basically same as "where's my water", but easier and  nevertheless still fun to play.
It's a very addictive game though not as good as the original
I'm hard to please but this game has my attention....
My son loves it
I bought this game for my daughter.  But I think I play it more than she does
Highly recommended!
Only four levels but they're all a blast.
Keeps the boredom at bay
I play it more than I let my kid. Most levels difficulty mildly frustrate my 6 yr old a little but he loves watching me solve them.
Cracking game for all ages.
Bought this for my 4yrs old daughter to keep her busy but I enjoy playing it as much as she does.
It's a good idea for a game. Great for keeping your mind working. Only slight problem is that the game does freeze and also crash from time to time other wise great...
Super fun game. Highly reccommend.
I love this app
Grate App! Can not wait for more levels. Good entertainment
I got this game for my sons when they want to play with my phone, & instead find myself hooked on it :), definitly worth the purchase!
Great game
And a bunch new elements to the game.
I like it
Bought this several months ago but still no new levels as promised...
It is a great game but I have been waiting forever for new levels. please release more levels
Fun, addictive, and just the sort of tine-waster to play when you have some time to kill.
หนุกดี
My kids love this app...
5 stars when Disney comes out with another unique game
Super fun!
Good time waster
Awesome
Fun, gets the brain workin. . .
I wish there were more levels already. Its addicting.
After playing both where's my water games, it is more of the same, but for me that's great.
Good game.Quite similar to where is my water.Would recommend it.
Fun!
I love it! :)
I love it! :)
I love this game! Fun fun. Wish it were just a bit longer.
A fun game! Entertaining and funny.hope to see more levels soon
Like
Plays smoothly on nexus 7
A lot of fun!
Fun and challenging puzzles
Even for (grown-ups)!!!
Helps pass the time
I really loved this game and like the lasers and gadgets but when compared to where's my water its not as good the graphics quality should be improved
A little to much like WM Water but cool that it has a storyline. 4stars only because its not really original.
Very addictive! !!!!
Need more levels
Needs way more levels for the price we've paid.
Great value for money. Quirky puzzles which take a bit of thought.
A bunch of fun!
PLEASE UPDATE
It's a great game. But it gets hard.
I payed a total of 3.17$ CAN. why?  it shows on my statement "GOOGLE SELLER" and "PURCHASE DISNEY GOOGLE"
I finished all of the levels in one day and got tri-genome for all levels. Very easy to play. What an interesting game.
Getting that third gnome can be tricky.
This game is very fun to play and has a lot of fun challenging levels as well as free updates coming! It is very similar to Where's my Water, which was more challenging and more fun to play in my personal opinion. If you like Where's my Water then you should definitely get this game!
So fun!
Amazing.
I like this game a lot but then it got boring after a while I saw on tv that there is a mystery ducks from a guy in that told me on tv tonight in then I never found the like I never  liked it
Awesome game just need more levels!!!!!!!!!
I love the game, I'm a huge fan of where is my water. Only problem I have is for some reason is not letting get pass 30 gnomes. Same thing is happening on where is my water after last update
It's a nice mix of fun vs physics and it keeps going. It's fun.
Awesome game, needs more levels
Love it
Like p&p, coolish game
Love this app but my phone gets really hot when I play it.
very fun cool and challenging but no updates I've beat this a long time ago and still no new levels
Good
Might be a bit hard for younger kids, hence 1 star deduction, but I love it.
Very good puzzles....not just for kids
Enjoyable puzzle game a LA cut the rope
Love the game
Great game
A fun game that's pitched just about right for my 5 year old daughter.
Completely hangs
When i start this game iit crashes and by forse i have to restart my tablet otherwise i like this game, awesome
Would have loved it to be a little more original
Nice game..... A little tricky.... Family fun
Awesome.
Ozclzlzkzcixixi.        . .... .lllllllllllg
Fun fun fun
Very good game. Little slow on the loading but hey ho.can't have it all
I really enjoyed this game, just wished there were more levels to complete... If there were more levels it would've gotten 5 * from me... Please make more levels!!!!
Endless fun!
Great game
Fun, requires a bit of thought to do some of the puzzles. Good graphics and music too!
really good game, deffo worth the time..x
I can play t this game all day
I love the game... It needs more levels. Update plz
Really fun
Its a nice game exactly same as where is my water. . Nothing new but i love it
I love it
I love it
My 7-year old loves the challenges of this game, including all the great dialog
Very fun game. Much harder than where's my water lol. Need more levels though.
Good app
It's good
Totally Love, Love, Love this game!!!! Only problem is in level 4 the last two levels I can't complete. It's like there is something missing. Hoping for an up date to fix this problem, and for more levels.
This game is really fun, but some of the levels are quite difficult.
I just wish there were more levels to play.
Fun yet challenging. Love it!
Great game. Lots of fun.
Perfect
Fun & challenging game.
where are the new levels?   need an update with more levels
Awesomely simple and very addictive!;
Great Little game. Will keep me amused for a good few hours... UPDATE... Unfortunately it was only a few hours... Down rated to 4 stars until more levels....Great otherwise.
More levels please!!
Not as many levels as Where's My Water yet.
Fun, but a little confusing at times.
Entertaining and keeps your mind working
It would keep me amused for hours
Very Addictive!!
Funny game. Good choice for killing time.Waiting for next update
Good game,i like that!!!!!!!L
No issues game is a lot of fun!
it's really cool game
Fun and addictive
This is a great game
This is a great game
Really good to spend some thinking time...
Love it . I love Perry. This game is very addictive
Just needs more levels
OMG!!!!  Perry where have you been all my life... Tons of fun, can't put it down, highly recomend you download this game.... Two thumbs up guys....
Its an amazing game. But. I think they should give us more levels instead of buying like 20 things
I love it
I just can't stop playing this and where's my water
if you love Where's My Water you will love this game!
Part 2
I love phineas and ferb because of my son, fun game!
I love this app but it will not let me open it!!! Please please fix it
Like it
Fun
Love the duck and the Gnomes replacing the ducks from wheres my water?
I think where's my Perry is the best adaptation of where's my water.
It's fun but for a paid for app it needs more levels
Good time waster
Not as innovative or clever in its level design as the original but the writing and voice over work is witty and charming.
The game is fun, but not great. It is worth the $.99 I paid.
Really not different from where's my water. But I loved that game too :-)
Great game mechanics and the F&F references are always fun. At 99¢ its a no brainer, a must have.
luv it
Very fun, needs more levels though.
App is pretty good and I enjoy playing with my 10 year old daughter. Kinda short though and we got through the levels pretty quick.
Just started playing...very entertaining and addictive!
A good game however the graphics are much more pixelated when compared to Where's My Water
Wish there were more levels!
I love it ,its so entertaining and cool.Its just like where's my water.I also always watch perry on tv.bye
But when are the next levels coming? It says more free levels coming, but i had to pay for the app?
Pretty entertaining
This game is fun for the hole family both kids and big kids
My son has a blast with it
Greatest games along wheres my water! Needs some new levels though. Awesome.
Great games... Must buy Works well in samsuns galaxy s 3
The concept is the same but with new levels and obstacles it'll keep you entertained all over again.
Like
It is awsome but after I stop playing and wanted to when I tried yo open it it froze my tablet
I did like the game all though not as fun as where's my water. Needs some more levels ASAP then will give a five star
Where's my water with new skin, but just as fun if not more.
I love it but it doesn't have much levels I prefer wheres my water. Please make more FREE levels and you will get 5 stars :-)
I wanted to rate 5 .. but with no new levels, it's an expensive android game !!!
This is very similar to wheres my water. I like the game but was expecting something more creative.
I love this game but it needs more levels. I will give it 5 stars if you add more levels
Worth the 99 cents
I love this game sooo much!!but there is some freaky here..always updating but where the new level??huuuu..
Still no new level for months.. Wew
Still no new level for months.. Wew
Need more levels! Its a great game but you need to be coming out with new missions on a consistent basis. I'll give it 5 stars when there are 20 new levels every 2 weeks.
Pretty fun!!!!!
Excellent, Where's My Water puzzles are smarter though. You can call the next one Where's My Shoe and will still love it for its tricks
No new level...
Need more levels please!
I love Phineas and Ferb and Perry is awesome! Love this game! Only disappointment is that the last two updates didn't give any new levels to play...bummer.
Fun, runs smoothly, not too expensive. I love the easter egg in the credits :-)  Down from 5 state to 4. Still no new levels.
it's Where's my water.
Needs more levels
Cool secret agent. I love the doof's evil anators.
My kids and I both like it!!
Great, nothing new however.
Needs an update...
Cute and fun for all ages. You have to solve puzzle and think ahead but good time.
Good
Its great but it freezes sometimes. Plz fix them, thank you!
Excellent
Would give five stars but it says more levels coming and still yet to see them! Please hurry!
Pretty great, laggy though.
A fun and addicting game.
A fun and addicting game.
Fun game. I hope it isn't as short as it seems. Needs more levels.
This game is a re-hash of where is my water but with lasers and black goo. The biggest problem I finished all regular levels, and bonus levels and achievements in 2 hours. Where are all of the levels?
Good game kinda easy.
Where's my Perry is a great game... but family member are having trouble downloading this!!!
better than where's my water, and the -ornator are a clever twist
Addictive game.    On galaxy s3 the game keeps stopping and the loading bar keeps coming up again and again.
Defo need more levels as its getting boring resetting all the time
Update does not install!!!! Tried at least 5 times, says it's invalid.
The app is a fun follow up to where's my water with cute voice overs and all but I have a thing about apps that pop up and demand to be rated when you open them.
Excellent game just makes u think a bit
Purchased game only 4 levels, what up with that?
Too similar with Where's My Water
Game is fun to play but not enough levels yet. Bonus levels are fairly lackluster compared to Where's My Water. Check out the bonus level in the credits!
Can't wait for new levels!
Could us a few more challenging puzzles.
I usually play my games on the consoles or pc but this had me hooked. Brilliant fun if slightly short.
It's one of the best games ever... I'd give it 5 stars of they added more levels, it's been more than a month since I bought it and there are still the same
Only 4* cause sometimes not obvious to do a level...but thats the point lol
Addictive, non-stressful puzzle game. We enjoy the it. And the price is just right.  I turn off the wifi & mobile data transfer, the game still can run. But there r some bugs like the levels icons can sometimes go missings after completing a level, and screen size become small.
Fun game
I wish there were more levels =(
This game is loads of fun, and $. 99 is a great deal. Watch out, you'll lose half the day before you know it.
Hey, where's Perry?
Awesome
Son loves it, and the characters. Recent update will not load though. Package invalid.
Same as where's my water buh still interesting
Kids not I like to play
Great game!
This is a great app but it needs more levels!          .
I like this game than wheres my water
Latest update won't open on galaxy nexus
Great time was had by all, suits adult and child alike. Only down side was the complete loss of data when it updated . Love the voice overs .
Great animations, style and optimization. One thing that takes away fifth star is that one has to kill game process manually afterwards...
O jogo é legal,mas esse bicho horroroso não tem nem um milésimo da carisma e fofura do Swampy no Where's my water...  Espero que da próxima atualização eles melhorem essa cara feia dele -/- Esperava pelo menos umas fases bonus nessa atualização pro Nexus 7 -/-
Hopefully there are more levels, but it is definitely worth picking up.
Update to my review below.  July 31 update fixed WiFi issue with Nexus 7.  No longer needs to be connected to WiFi in order to play the game.  Thank you for the quick fix!  Works fine on Nexus 7 and Asus Transformer Prime.  Odd thing I found is that on the Nexus 7 the game crashes if there is no WiFi.  Kids play this in places without WiFi and game will not start.  Crashes when they try to start it.  Don`t have this problem with my TF201 tablet.  Game is fun but wish they could get this WiFi issue resolved.
A 37mb update and no new content? Unless it is 'hidden' until a certain time or date...? If not - what's all that about? Great game though!
Why update but No levels???
No new levels or noticeable content. When's the "real" update coming??
I like it more than Where is my water.
Just because there is no desc. of the update doesn't mean it's a bad update people! Yeah you will expect new levels but what about performace.?
Really good game, fun, and entertaining
I like It and the kids love it but it crashes and I have to uninstall it and reinstall it and then the kids make me replay the levels so they can play where they left off. Just alittle annoying!
But needs more Doof! Bring on more P&F games with Doof and Perry the stars obviously
good
Game worth the $, can't stop playing!
Great problem solving practice for kids, and fun for adults too. Just wish it was more different from 'Where's My Water' game.
I have to keep accessing google play to open this game EVEN THOUGH I'VE BOUGHT IT !!
Wearing my Perry shirt and playing this game. Love it. Perfect for all fans of where's my water and Phineas and Ferb. Get it, will be the best 99 cents you have spent all week.
Where is my water copy, but good
Fun game featuring Agent P! Seems easier than Where's My Water, but wmw is a bit hard for little my sisters to master; This is a nice alternative! Well done!
Not quite as cute as Swampy, but I'm happy for the extra levels.
Not quite as cute as Swampy, but I'm happy for the extra levels.
Got the app while my 7 year old nephew was visiting us and I was hooked. Just wish there were more levels waiting on updates.
A fun game with just enough challenge, add a few more levels and this game is a keeper.
I luv the game but it kepps on getting mestup still luv it I recomend it cause it may just my so.......
It's fun! worth buying.
The voices kinda aggravate lol but you can shut them off :)
Much like Where's My Water?, I find this game to be challenging enough and addicting. Unfortunately I have had some problems with it force closing on my EVO 4G, but not regularly enough to warrant uninstalling.
Yes it is like Where's My Water but its still fun.
This is a little too similar to Where's My Water for me to give it 5  stars, but it's still a very enjoyable game.  It's especially good for my kids.  We're all Phineas and Ferb fans.
I hint when you repeat a level would greatly be appreciated.
Awesome game. It's great for passing the time while I'm bored at work :D
If you've finished "Where's My Water" and are impatient for more levels, check this out. Same concept as the original but new gadgets like lasers and ice makers and also goo that converts water into ice or steam. I enjoyed it a lot, and it's cheaper than Swampy's levels.
Fun and runs smooth. Somewhat short though. Will be a five star game after they add more levels.
Fantastic game, but force closes unless it has wifi Internet. Interestingly, blue tooth Internet sharing doesn't count.	Very much like where's my water, fun, engaging.
It is hard seeing that it is supposed to be a childs game. Graphics and music are just wonderful!!!!
Good levels which does keep you busy. However the graphics in "Where's my water" was much better. Still a good game.
From Jonathan aged 8: Good is getting past the lasers; looks like the cartoon; would play it regularly.
Lots of fun and hard to put down. Loses a star for not running without an internet connection.
Love the game. Characters and commentary are wonderful. When are more levels coming?!
Its real fun but its really like spending another dollar for extra levels on where's my water. Which I'm OK with. Just wish it was one app instead of two. Just a silly marketing ploy is all
Its ok for a time killer. Easy compared to where's my water. Sometimes locks up.
Not enough levels... it's where's my water but with lasers etc....  if you like where's my water look at this game as a map pack
Very good game, but its roughly the same as before
Very good game, but its roughly the same as before
My kids & love it!
So far so good! It is alot like wheres my water but still fun. And my kids love love love perry so that is a bonus
love it...no problems yet
Too easy...
but almost same as Where's my water.
Good game to get you thinking steps ahead. Not sure if it's fat finger syndrome, but had some issues activating buttons and cutting accurately. Apart from that, good fun!
Similar to where's my water...I like that there are a lot if differences too!
Follow me on instagram and twitter - M_Arizpe
I love it but need more levels :-)
Fun for kids & adults so fun for everyone.I love it!:)
Nice game
I like where"s my water n this is quite the same except we have to convert water to vapors,ice and vice versa.so much fun!
Good game...Bt graphics could have been better....where is my water is always been better.......Bt worth Ur cent...this..
Good game...Bt graphics could have been better....where is my water is always been better.......Bt worth Ur cent...this..
Fun way to pass the time
Even dad like a to play!
If you liked "Where's My Water?" then you'll like this game. Very similar but enough differences to keep me interested!
I supported them by buying all of the where's my water dlc, and this is what they give us? They took an idea that they made fun, slapped a cartoon on top, and gave us a pile of unoriginal, low resolution, crap. I am proud to say Disney won't get any money out of me for anything besides where's my water accessories. Such a rip.
Very well made game, looks good, sounds good, works smooth as hell. The actual puzzles are very easy though, you won't be stuck for long.
Cool game
Luv it  haha
Nice!
Awesome game!
bought and wont play. sucks
bought and wont play. sucks
This is great game but still has a few bugs that hopefully will be fixed in update.  It forces closed when selecting levels and will not allow you to resume after the screen goes out.  as for gameplay, is a really addictive really fun game.
Great game, but it won't start if my WiFi is off or out of range.  Would like to be able to play when off the grid.  Nexus 7 user's so WiFi not always on.  Will upgrade review to 5 stars when that is fixed.
I really love playing this. I got this for the kids and now the whole family's hooked. However, we have had problems with the game lagging. Because of the lag, we can't always dig the dirt correctly which can end in frustration. Also, not being able to play without WiFi is a huge let down when riding in a car, etc. Would give 5 stars otherwise.
Fun and interesting
Nice, but pretty similar to "where is my water"
Wonderful game but it crashes too often
Games like this are what's best on mobiles. Sick of fps and racers shoehorned into phones.
Great
Super A game I can play and a game the kids can play Best 99 cents ever! I would have given it 5 stars, but lately it has been freezing up. Hopefully a update will help
Great adaptation for Perry the Platypus fans. Good physics-based puzzler for other people.
great game only thing that sux is only can play it by opening google play store on my ph doesnt allow offline play like wheres my water frustrating
Not quite as polished as Wheres My Water, but still really fun.
Same idea as the game Where's My Water, but with new obstacles and puzzles. Fun and enjoyable.
Just like where's my water very addicting... I only wish they had more levels.
Just like where's my water very addicting... I only wish they had more levels.
Just like where's my water very addicting... I only wish they had more levels.
My 3 yr old loves thhis game its a lil hard for him but he loves it
Fun and very addicting!
This game is really fun. Very similar to Swampy but different enough.
Nice and addicting..like Where's My Water which was the best :)
Can't stop playing this game its so cool
Great physics based game. Funny dialogue and collectibles. Great recommendation.
Good puzzle game.
Great fun, with a large challenge factor.
This game is addictive and fun. I don't usuallly rate any games but this is a must have !
It is fun and will keep you entertained. It has the charming character voices too.
Cool puzzlely game to free Perry!
Lots of fun.
Dialogue helps differentiate games, however similarity to the original cheapens experience	A little too similar to the original. Dialogue goes a long way to differentiate the two, however i'd still like to see... Anything from phineas and ferb. Perhaps the 2nd dimension doofenshmirtz can make an appearence, or that Perry?
It is great butit could use some more levels and challenges added.
The feel of stupid game made me to give 4 stars
Yes, this is almost identical to Where's My Water, but it's still fun and I love Perry.  It's great for my kids too! I would recommend it to a friend.
Some load times take a while, other than this it's a really interactive and cleverly thought out game. Samsung Galaxy S
Great game fun for hours!!! Would LOVE it if i could play within the water game.  Five star other wise
Fun
pretty much same as where's my waste, so runs smooth looks goods and nice little time waster
... please find a way for me to save progress so that my android app and my ios app can sync.
Needs to be more challenging. A slight flickering occurs when a level is completed. Sleek concept.
I love this game Its so much fun
Not as fast or fun as Where's My Water, but still better than most Android games.
Fun game!
Addictive and challenging :-)
Its like a continuation of where is my water?, basically the same game design
Love the game. gets a little monotonous at times but fun to get the brain going.
Like "Where's My Water" but with slightly different tools and gadgets. All spy related. Nothing new but a lot of fun and worth the money.
Hope to solve challenges in this nice game.
Silly and cute - if you like that sort of thing, you'll lile this game.
Easy but fun. The kids enjoy it.
Good game, but I allready paid for it.  Shouldnt have to pay for new levels.
Fun game but needs more challenging levels
Good game, very challanging when you get to the higher levels but the app works well with my galaxy s....i like it :) It makes you use your brain to solve these puzzles. Perfect puzzle game I was looking for!
i absolutely love this game and where's my water but they're too alike.
The graphics are kinda weird, but good like where's my water?
Good fun for kids
I shouldn't have to have internet to play this game.  I did pay for it, so why make that a must?  Would be five stars.
Good, just a little too much like the original Where Is My Water...
A little glitchy, freezes on me a bit, but so much fun I keep going back for more!
Great game!!!!! The whole family plays it
Its more where's my water but its got Perry and Doofinschmirtz... I love to play it on my Tabletinator. :-)
Similar to Where's My Water, but has lasers and some new forms of liquid. The liquid physics are slightly different than Where's My Water also, and has a nifty spy theme to it :) would be 5 stars if it was slightly less corny with the villain and such :p
Basically same fame as Where's My Water but with a few audio upgrades.
Awesome
If I could this would get one million stars.  Love it
Love the game... the kids play and are so quiet because they are having to think to solve the puzzles. Have some problems with program stalling and not being able to continue without forcing it to stop first. Cute graphics...we love Perry!
Easy games
Fun game, just like where's my water? But I love that game
Different graphics. Same fun game play.
This is just like where's my water, so if you like that, then you'll definitely like this. My only gripe is that you're paying .99¢ for what's essentially the exact same game.
Soo cute!
So good with levels that make you think!
Really good, but needs more levels.
Pretty good game ! Definitely worth it. Keep up the good work!
Nice add on for where's my water..
I understand it's not much better than Where's My Water but I love the sound effects and characters.
Es muy bueno pero demasiado igual al del cocodrilo, 4 estrellas por poca originalidad
Pretty much the same as where's my water but with a bit of variance.
Great
Still the same game that u love, with some cool new challenges!
Amaaazing <3
It's a cool game
Finished all levels, three stars on two day, 2-3 hours per day.. a whole lot less than it took me for wheres my water. I hope they pick up the slack fast! (And change "more free levels coming soon" into "more levels coming soon", they arent free, i paid for them)
If you like where's my water then you like where is Perry.  Its similar in many ways.
I gave it four stars cause its a little laggy but it can be fixed. Other then that its really fun and i hope to see more games like this
Not bad, but it needs some polish. The physics is not as good as Where's My Water.
Almost the same as "Where is my water". Cute, but personally, I prefer "Where's my water".
Kinda young.. but Fun!!!
The look and feel just aren't quite up to the standard of "Where's my water?". If you loved that then by all means get this, it is very much more of the same. If you haven't played either then I'd suggest you go for Water, it is just slightly better in every way.
Good
Sorry folks. The original was much better, still a very well made game though. But can't help just how much is really new, given the physics are almost identical.
Like some people said its just like where is My water
Fun game
why i can only play this game when internet or data plan is enable?
This game is awesome. Its fun and addicting. But I only gave it four stars because I wish there were more levels and bonus levels for collecting the secret files.
you'll quite like this...
Ok, just like where's my water
Galaxy tab 10.1 wifi, very good game on the same lines of where's my water
Almost as good as where's my water. Very, very similar.
Somehow i still prefer swampy
I've completed the entire game! more levels please :)
Same formula as where's my water but just as good.
Exactly the same game as Where's My Water but with the cartoon themed graphics. Gnomes=ducks. Other than that its still a lot of fun if you liked and already finished WMW.  Not sure why they didn't just add these levels to WMW instead of pretending its a different game and charging separately for it.
Great
Much like WYW but still fun.
Good but you have to buy additional things that coast more than the game
I really like this game. Waiting on more levels.
Fun and creative as expected.  But kind of buggy, and the graphics are grainy on smaller mobile devices. Ie Droid incredible 1
freezes my phone once in awhile otherwise a great game.
...and purely having played the brilliant Where's My Water but it feels a bit manipulative to see a studio wringing dry the talents of the former (excuse pun) on another IP BUT it's still a good game and does explore more dynamics.
Got this for my kids and ended up playing myself. Super fun.
My 5 year old likes it.
This is a great game not only did it suck me in but my kid love's it and it is challenging for him keep the levels coming
It freeze my phone and got to turn it off to leave the game
Enjoyable. Easy to play. Funny dialogue during missions.
Where's my water with silly messages for agent p
I finished the whole game in a fairly short amount of time, but that being said, it is still cheaper and more entertaining than most movie rentals!
Grandson is very happy with it!
Not as good as WMW but still the same loving game
Fun game, but it is almost the exact same as where's my water, but not as clean, the water and stuff doesn't look or act as nice as in the original. That being said, this is still fun and challenging, and the Agent P theme is fun.
Bet this is close :-)
Fantastic game. Would be 5 star, however I feel the game play graphics are more pixelated than the game play graphics of the games predecessor 'where's my water'
i absolutely love this game and find it very addictive but noticed that my battery gets hot after 10mins of playn. not too sure what this means.
Good time killer. If you like where is my water, you must try this game.
Even having never played Where's My Water, Perry provides a fun & difficult experience. A must for Phineas fans
I love this game it is so fun and very addictive
This game is much harder than Where is my Water. I prefer Where is my Water.
I love playing wheres my water but I triducked all the levels and I needed more levels and this game gave me dat.I jst wish it wouldn't take up 50. MB
I like this game
What an amazing game with some amazing graphics.
I don't know if this happens to anyone else, but on my phone (Xperia Play) it freezes for a long time between levels. The first few I play in one sitting are fine, everything goes smoothly, but after two or three levels the loading times become unbelievable. This happen to anyone else? Besides that, top notch game in every way.
Just like wheres my water, this game is fun. Cant wait for more levels
it is really fun to play but really it is just a different character and tge confetti makes no senses this game is fun but it could be better !!!
This is just as good as the first version. My kids love Phineas and Ferb.
Seems to heat up my phone though. It gets got after a while.
Great game. Disney should keep making More awesome games for Android.
Would be able to give this game 5 stars if there were more than 4 levels... waiting for the other levels to come out
Highly entertaining puzzle game.
Decent
Was realy funn playing it
Wonderful game! It would be nice not having to see advertisement for other games in the menus to start the game. Being able to hide facebook and twitter integration would also be good.
Really fun but a little hard other than that It's great
Its just entertaining!!!!!
Well worth it for a dollar and can easily burn hours with this game.
Could just as well have been an expansion to where's my water.  Characters and production value issue significantly less in this title.
Time consuming just like where's my water?
Complete rip off of wheres my water but playing to help agent P makes it worthwhile :-)
Wonderful app but a little too much like the where's my water very as far as the puzzles go.
My son loves Phineas and Ferb and also likes playing Where's My Water... this is a fun combination of both.
Both my kids love this game! Ages 3 & 5
Im a Where's My Water freak.... This game is very similar but not quiet as GREAT. Still all in all a good game.
Sounds and plot are a bit rubbish, however graphics and gameplay are great fun. Highly recommended.
Better buy this than the Mystery Ducks. New levels, same idea, some new tools/elements compared to WMW.
Very addictive but massive fun
Fun game for adults and kids alike, with the added bonus of Phineas and Ferb characters.
Me encanto. Viva perry
pretty much the same as [where's my water] but with new features
Not bad. Early puzzles easy for people who have played where's my water.
Love it
Would be nice if there was a free version. Nice twist from Swampy.
Same like where is my water? Just keep one of them
Needs more levels though.  Downloaded it 2 days ago and I've done all the levels.  I'd expect a paid game to have more content.
I am a addict of this game...haha
Good game as where's my water; Experienced low graphic rendition though (unlike where's my water)
More level please
very fun!
A good puzzle game, if you like where's my water, you'll like this too  The only problem is the game became low resolution when I clicked "play"
...but with lasers.  However still entertaining enough to play. Again there is depth to the game too... it is evident Disney don't have a bunch of cowboy coders...
Kids love it.
Very similar to where's my water but with enough of a twist to make the game worth getting.
Although I knew this game uses 'Where is My Water?' engine, I am a bit disappointed at first seen of playing. However, when I finished the first level, I love it and it's really addicted game.
Need da last level tried to play it but it didn't work
Although it's have similar game play with Where is My Water but it's still fun to play. Just with new stages and little improvement. For this price I think this is still reasonable. If you don't have Where is my Water I recommend it ! I you have Where is my water and like additional puzzle then this is the correct choice
Very challenging
son love it big tine  '********
Very cute game.  Very  addicting!
Its not as fun as : where is my water ?! But still worth the it  .
Enjoyable game
The concept is bad. . . . Should hve been something new its the same as whwers my water bt wit comparitivly lesser graphics
The concept is bad. . . . Should hve been something new its the same as whwers my water bt wit comparitivly lesser graphics
My kids love it!
Just as great as where is my water!! Great job!!
I'm enjoying the game but after the first mission you either have to collect a certain amount of gnomes or pay for the levels. That kind of made me feel ripped off. Fun game though.
Very fun!
I played the heck out of where's my water and this is even better with the new game play mechanics.
Great game!
Great game, same basic formula as Where's My Water...
Yes... Yes it is.
The best 2 version of wheres my water kind of slow at loading though
Not as good as Where's My Water but still fun. Needs more levels and challenges. - EVO LTE & Transformer 3
Pretty good app
good game for the price
My six year old loves it.
언어설정 영어로하면 정상적으로 실행됩니닷ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
Keep them coming....where's my........
lots of fun for the whole family
If you liked where's my water, you'll like this. Loses a start for not being original.
I give it a 4 because its almost EXACTLY like where's my WATER. The only diff is that its Perry,not Swampy.
Controls are not as sensative as  I would prefer. Otherwise a very nice game.
Like where's my water meets spy mouse. Fun. It's got lasers.
Too old for this cartoon and game, but who cares ;-)
Cute sound affects! :)
Good play on a fun game. Who doesn't love Perry?
Great game. Enhanced Where's my Water!
The game lags sometimes. This is unacceptable for a paid game. Other than that, good concept and very fun to play. Please fix glitches.
Swampy rulez¡!
I have been waiting for this! Love it!
Hhh
I love this game, but WMW and now this, if you only press the 'home' button on your phone to exit, it stays on and drains your battery and if you have a limited data plan, it uses up tons of data.
Loads alot when it should not load
It definitely has potential.
Same game play with a little alterations
The first level isn't as good as wheres my water... I love the crocodile.... Still is... :-P.... Gonna continue playing, and hopefully it will give me more challenging levels moving forward... So far so good
This is very much in the same as where's my water with a few added twists. I love the voice acting and having a bit more of a story but aside from that it feels a bit like a smash and grab of our money on their previous success, for instance, I already have where's my water but every time I play there is a banner saying try it! Also, there is no home screen achievements for getting all gnomes!
If u like "where's my water?", and you would love this.
This is better than the wheres my water game.
Not as fun as I thought it was going to be:(
Its a really fun game 2 play
Super fun with the inators.
Just as challenging as "Where's my water?"
What it is so grainy on my qHD?
I have been waiting for this game! A few bugs but awesome game!
The gameplay is generally the same as Where's My Water, but that's not necessarily bad if you like that game. However, the graphics aren't as crisp, and it doesn't run as smooth, but hopefully they can fix that with updates.
My kids are running my battery dead and I am running late ever since I downloaded this app!
I beat all 80 levels in 3 days. The entertainment was totally worth 99 cents.
This game rocks!
This game rocks!
Only because it makes you feel smart :)
Love Phineas and Ferb, AND I drink water,  so of course I would love this game!
Addictive
Love it.
I like it.
Needs more levels & character commentary.
Needs more levels & character commentary.
Works the brain to figure. Out tricky problems.
This game has used up a lot of spare time.
Love it
Quality
Quality
Quality
Great fun for the whole family.
Its fun and my little girl loves it
Great puzzle game for kids and adults alike.
Addictive
Too addictive!
Kills time
It might be better suited to ages 5-8 and up due to the difficulty of the game. However it presents excellent value before the price paid. Hey few hours of entertainment sure to keep them busy on the next flight. :-)
It might be better suited to ages 5-8 and up due to the difficulty of the game. However it presents excellent value before the price paid. Hey few hours of entertainment sure to keep them busy on the next flight. :-)
Such an awesome game.. I truly am addicted
Love it. Play it with my son.
My son loves this game! Maybe you could put phineas and pherb in future levels!
My son is entertained every time he plays. Good buy, great fun.
Neat little game.  Makes you think.
my kids & I both love this game!
It's great I dont begrudge paying 64p for it that's really good cheep id say :-)
Great game!
My son like it and me too. Like the show on Disney XD.
My favorite game
Great app! Good way to kill time! Fun and challenging!
Great game but Need more levels I've already beaten them all in one day with all the gnomes going back and getting the secret files now
Its fun to play. Tricky at times, but still fun. :-)
Its fun to play. Tricky at times, but still fun. :-)
kids and mom and dad alike enjoy
Good game. Keeps the kids occupied.
Great game! Well worth .99 cents. Enjoy
I love this type of game
really awesome game love it!!(:
A challenging and fun game, well worth the money.
Awsome game
Great game but more importantly can anyone understand what the hell cheddarz is on about 5 rates below this one?
The title says it all.
Fun and challenging, keeps me engrossed for hours
I love it
Shorter than Where's My Water though but harder. Def worth it!
Love this game!!
I love the instant phase changes and the added dimension of the sludge stuff. It's a really fun way to play. Better than Where's My Water? But I wish it just had more!
I love this, play it on my galaxy tablet and phone
I really love the game, I enjoy it, my friends enjoy it, the kids love it, keep making em like this one
Fun game, no bugs so far and nice bonus games.
Its a fun game me bd my niece love it! :)
This game is very indicative
This game is very indicative
I Love Phineas and Ferb, so when I saw this on Disney Channel I was over excited. This game is super fun, and addicting. Anxiously waiting more levels
This game is really fun. Very challenging at times. Good way to spend off time.
This game is really fun. Very challenging at times. Good way to spend off time.
Great game
Awesome
Can't stop playing this game! Well worth the money!!
Well worth the 99 cents!!!  Very addictive.
I never buy apps but had to get this as totally addicted!!
Nice game!
Makes you think and plot your way through the puzzles Very addictive - just go for it!
I Love It:))
Highly addictive. I'm glad I purchased it.
Bought for the kids but I've been playing it like Crazy!!
Excellent
Love love love this game so addicting
Love the game it keeps my kids busy the whole time while driving
Fun for me, fun for kids!  Good time killer.
Ya Perry
This game is so Nuclear
Greater.
Ha
Tons of fun.
A lot of fun. Played all the levels.
A lot of fun. Played all the levels.
Fun for all the family!
Addicting
And cool.
Love this game!!!!!
This is better than where's my water, because agent p is the best
Tricky but fun
I like this game it's fun and makes you think (a little)
This game is a lot of fun and addicting.
This is as addictive as wheres my water just wish there were a few more levels
This is as addictive as wheres my water just wish there were a few more levels
Great fun
I love this game and where'$ my water
Its aiit
Awesome game
Very infectious play! Kids and adults alike will love to play this game. A great way to pass some time.
Very infectious play! Kids and adults alike will love to play this game. A great way to pass some time.
Two thumbs up     keeps me entertained and  I cant hardly put down the game
Fun game. Needs more levels. Hurry up and make more DISNEY!!!!
My 4 yr old Loves this game
Kids like it,  pretty fun.
Sooo fun and sooo cool
Is good
Love this game I have so much fun playing it.some of the levels are hard but its cool when you can find new ways to beat them
Having played Where's My Water, this game is a nice continuation. Fun time waster and I haven't came across any glitches.
Awesome game, love the "where's my .. " series! A must buy from all people, don't miss out on this one! A+++++
Epic
Epic
I love it . Irun down my mothers battery by playing it.
I love it . Irun down my mothers battery by playing it.
great game addictive enjoyable and challenging really awesome.
Es uno de los mejores juegos. Nesecita mas niveles pero de ahi en fuera muy divertido
New gadgets and methods from "Where's my Water". It is awesome.
Nice game. It's so addictive that I've been spending my entire weekend on it. The app runs perfectly on my Galaxy Note 10.1.
Awsom
Must be smart to play this game
Really great game, generally no problems or glitches.
i've completed all levels and achievements in where's my water in one day and so this one.. it's really addictive that makes me try to achieve higher score in every level.. please release free more levels imediately..
But still enough of a puzzle for adults
I love this game. I can play it for hours.
I love Perry and now he has his own game lol
Love it!
love this
Needs more levels
Creative and fun
Good way to kill time and a lot of fun.
Fun!!
This game is awesome!
This game is awesome!
great fun game .. easy going for kids and there parents too!!
I'm hard to please but this game has my attention....
I have where's my water for me and this one installed for my 7 year old son. Don't tell him that I told you this, but I had to 100% it then reset it before I even showed him I got it!!! I just love the concept so much! More levels please!!!!
I have where's my water for me and this one installed for my 7 year old son. Don't tell him that I told you this, but I had to 100% it then reset it before I even showed him I got it!!! I just love the concept so much! More levels please!!!!
So far so good!!
ull get addicted
Great game :) and my 5 year old loves Perry the platapus!
Great game :) and my 5 year old loves Perry the platapus!
Great game, loads of fun, the kids love it, what's not to love?!
Very entertaining. Can't wait for more levels!
Awesome for the whole family
All the fun of Where's My Water? with Perry the Platypus. Not as good as the original, but still a great game. Also, the voiceovers of the characters are awesome!
It's just as fun as the show
Acer A200, works great
Game is fun and challenging in later levels I Luv it :)
I love thizs game
If you like "where's my water", you'll like this game.
Glad to finally see a game for kids that is not just mindless stupidity. This game is fun and make kids think.
Great game
On my phone it is taking so long please fix and ill give it 5 stars
Easier than where uso muy water but ver funy as well
Love where is perry!
Love this app! Love Disney and phineas and Ferb show
Love it
A lot of fun. If you are not careful this app wIll make you late for stuff!
A lot of fun. If you are not careful this app wIll make you late for stuff!
This game is really good for time wasting
Needs more levels. Can't wait for more.
This game is really addicting. I just bought the full version.
Best puzzle game on Android. Just waiting for new levels now!
Rip off  , update update but no new levels ? I want my money back ! Or give me new levels. Same goes fo ALL your other games !!! Will never buy an app from this developer again !
Are you f'ing kidding, no new levels yet?
Are you f'ing kidding, no new levels yet?
I <3 this game
I <3 this game
Very fun and addictive
Love it but needs more levels
I downloaded this for my nephew and now i play it all the time. Great fun, challenging, and a great time killer. Love it.
I love this game....very entertaining
Will keep anyone amused for hours great value for money
Will keep anyone amused for hours great value for money
Amazing game bud need more levels
Addictive and fun
Cool but i have'n beat the game
Good and at times  very challenging . Well worth the 64p charge. A steal in fact!
Great fun for all ages this is well loved already, double thumbs up :)
My kids love this :)
Great
Great I like it!!!!
Really enjoy this game
Good game
Great game for any age!  I'm 21 and I love it!  I play it with my little 6 year old sister and she loves it too!
Extremely creative and special game, mind challenging
Fun game. Almost couldn't get that last level lmho
Our WHOLE family LOVES this game!  One of the best!!!  It's SO CUTE TOO:)
Super fun game. Highly reccommend.
I love this app
I wasn't going to pay for this game, but I finally gave in, and I have to say that I'm not disappointed!
Awesome game for kids and adults
Great!!
Fun for everyone in the house!
Can't stop playing it....love it
One of the funnest apps i'v bought
My 3 year old son and I could not stop playing. We had to keep taking turns and it really gave us a chance to figure it out together. I now wish I hadn't wasted all that money on a leap pad version of a tablet when these after games for my new tablet are so much more fun and a whole lot cheaper .
Love this game
Very fun and interesting especially playing with friends. Never froze on me once and I played it for hours.
Love it
Great game. Challenging at times
I like....
I got this game for my sons when they want to play with my phone, & instead find myself hooked on it :), definitly worth the purchase!
I got this game for my sons when they want to play with my phone, & instead find myself hooked on it :), definitly worth the purchase!
Funny
MORE LEVELS NOW
Can't stop playing! Love to play with my kids.... educational
Sweet game,good for the family
I love this game it runs well on my galaxy s3 and there is no lag or control issues
Perfect timing to get this game before we head out to WDW!
Awesome game
Makes you think, the levels get progressively harder, but they are doable. Needs more levels!!!
I totally enjoy this game. Next we will be playing "where's my mickey?"
Excellent time pass.
its only like where's my water x
This is a great game for the you and the kids good graphix and sound also hidden secrets challenges and level to play after you beat all the levels also easy to play
Can get pretty addicting!
super funjust like where is my water
Fun game. Great to be able to help out Perry.
Cool
But.. What different to "Where is my water?"
Nexus 7
Great game!
Im obsessed! Super fun and addicting!!!
Fun, addictive, and just the sort of tine-waster to play when you have some time to kill.
Luv it a must play
This game is my fave!! I love it on my iPad 2 and Android !!!
หนุกดี
หนุกดี
My and my children love this
Liked it and beat the game and got a perfect but now they need to update the full version and worked perfect on my g2x by LG
Best game I have played in ages. I am a casual mobile gamer and I have spent weeks downloading poorly made games to pass a little free time. This is the first game that I truly enjoyed playing from start to finish. Finished it in two sittings over a few hours as I could not put it down. Puzzle difficulty was just enough to keep me playing but i did cheat twice with solution on web, my fault, a little impatient... A polished little game that worked well on my older mobile... How many weeks until I stumble upon my next one?
Great game. Needs more content already have everything. Can't wait for update.
Sick app Hella fun need more levels
This game
I really enjoy playing the game. It's an awesome way to kill time when you need to.
Awesome
Great game :) A must to try, once u do u won't put ur phone down :) Very Addicting :) D-Inc 4G LTE
Awesome game...lots of fun :)
If u like where my water u should enjoy where my perry to.
My 6yr old and I love this game. It is amazing to watch her figure out how to help Perry. We like this better then where's my water, because we love Perry.
This I'd so much fun. I cld play it for hours.
Count on Perry to entertain you while waiting
It entertains my kids and keeps me occupied when I'm bored.
It's a great, low concentration game that's fun, good value too
Super fun!
Good time waster
Awesome I love it
Extremly fun game
Its fun
I really enjoy how challenging this game is!
so addictive just love this game
Recommend!!
Good clean fun.
Enjoy it but wheres the duck
Enjoy it but wheres the duck
Awesome
I love it
I love it
I love it
I love it
I love it always something different. I like the different strategy to win the game or level
I love this game! I have played where's my water before and I really love this game. Lots of fun and very entertaining. Also a good brain game :-)
Need more levels
Great game!  Needs more levels!
Great game
have so much fun with this game i hope the new levels come out soon
Fun game but they need to add more levels soon.
I wish there were more levels already. Its addicting.
Please more levels.
Better then the original where'sy water
Cool game
This game is not only fun but its challenging too. I love it!
seruuuuuuuuuu
Buy full version
After playing both where's my water games, it is more of the same, but for me that's great.
Like it a lot
Great!!!
Both my parents have post concussion syndrome and this game was recommended by their doctors to help heal their brains!
A really great addictive puzzler.
Needs new levels
Well u cant get better :)
This game is awesome
Nice
so addicting & fun! !
Great for smoking weed with your friends,or alone
Great for smoking weed with your friends,or alone
Love it should a dd more things to use
Love it.....can't stop playing!!!!
Time for more levels...
When are there more levels coming?! I have yet to find a game that I enjoy playing as much as this one. I've gotten all three gnomes on every level found all secret files and beat balloon levels and I also finished every accomplishment! This is a great game and has really kept me interested.
Like
Game is very addictive. My 8 yr old daughter and i play this.
This Game Is So Awesome And Entertaining And Time Consuming, I Just Wish It Had A Bazillion More Levels xD
I have both apps (Water and Perry) and they are my very best games of the many I have.  NEVER boring. Get both.  Sooo much fun... lol...
It s not boring and its fun
Great to have a game about Agent P, and with the voice actors too!  Love it!
Plays smoothly on nexus 7
sooooo adicted
Great way to pass the time.
A lot of fun!
Great!
Lovin it just like where's my water, only thing, keep levels comin don't make me wait months like where's my water
amazing game
amazing game
Great game had hrs of fun ....
Good game
Great for all ages ! Challenging and fun great graphics
Didnt really expect much when my niece came over bragging about getting all of the agent files but after playing for two hours i realized that it is truly an awesome feat.
Its awsome
Good game with fun and addicting levels
Great app
Very addictive...
I love this game its so fun and addictive too. I play it very chance I get. An excellenting game.
A great game
Great game
Great game
Good game.   Needs more levels.  And needs them more often.   Great problem solving for kids
Helps pass the time
Great game!!
I love this game way Better then angry birds.
Addicting!.. that is all.
This game is tons of fun
Awesome Game! Perfect to waste your time!
Awesome Game! Perfect to waste your time!
Funny & Great Graffics 9
Ok so can anyone tell me when/how you can get the new levels?
Ok so can anyone tell me when/how you can get the new levels?
Better levels
Loads of fun!
Loads of fun!
Enjoy playing challenging at times
I LOVE THIS GAMEEEE!!. WENT TO LEVEL 20 IN A HOUR...IM POSE TO BE WORKN BUR THIS GAME GOT ME HOOKED!!.
Love it love it love it!!!
What the, I've tried to download this for like 3 times and still an invalid package notification appears! Please do fix this! Im giving 2 stars only because so many others says it's a good game.. Come on, fix this!
What the, I've tried to download this for like 3 times and still an invalid package notification appears! Please do fix this! Im giving 2 stars only because so many others says it's a good game.. Come on, fix this!
The best game on my android! I play it all the time! :-)
Need more levels
Does somebody know in what level u find tge duck?
He loves this game so much he gets up to go for pre school wakes me up to play it when i pick him up he is asking to play it before we get to the car
Galaxy tab 2 7" runs very slow frame rate them tablet resets. Does this every time
Very neatly done and no problems.I am loving it.Need more levels.
ok
Adds a fun twist to where's my water
Challenging without too much stress. Attainable goals with a little bit of trial and error makes it Very Enjoyable. Well with my.99 already andi just finished level 1!
Most addictive game ever! I've beaten all levels and got all achievements. Please add more. :-)
Most addictive game ever! I've beaten all levels and got all achievements. Please add more. :-)
Fun game.
Title says it all
A cool spin of of wheres my water, it will relate to a lot of people. From a good show.
Great game!
Great game!
Great game!
Totally different concept to the duck one. Really well thought out. Gorgeous graphics and sound. A credit to Perry!
This is a great game for a hydraulic engineer!
Just needs more levels.
My daughter loves the game. The bad part is  she's only 3 so I help her most of the time. Anything to make my daughter happy.
I think this game is way more fun and interesting ther Where's My Water! Played the free version and had to buy it right away!
This game is one of my favorites along with the Swampy and Cranky games. I wish they would put out more levels!
This game is one of my favorites along with the Swampy and Cranky games. I wish they would put out more levels!
where is the rest of the levels
Great fun to play!
Great fun to play!
Great app
My little one loves this game. Mainly because it's Perry, granted.
Excellent game. Well worth the low price. But just the same as wheres my water (not a bad thing!)
Self explanatory. I'm almost 30 and I enjoy this game. It makes you think, in a way that helps clear your mind of all the day-to-day stress. 100% recommend!
Not bad at all
Brilliant!
Fun game, good time waster.
Really nice game!
Love the game need more levels .
Blow out
This game is really fun My lil bro loves it
Love this game just as much as where's my water. Looking forward to more levels.
Veryyyyy funnnn game
Awesome game very addicting
Addictive and slick running game. First game I have bought because the demo left me wanting to play more.
My girlfriend kept going on about this game and it's the best 80p i've spent :)
Addictive and great
Keeping ny kids entertained during the wet Sumner holidays.
Excellent  Worth. More than 1 dollar
I like it and my 7 year old likes it, too! So much that I bought the paid version for us. Thanks for a cute, cool game.
Nice game i tried the free version and got so addicted i bought the full version
Two thumbs up!
...so I purchased it. Great time waster and I'm sure it's good for the brain somehow. :) Now, if only I could figure out how to open those Doofenfiles...
I'm ready for more levels. If you like puzzle games this is a good one.
I'm ready for more levels. If you like puzzle games this is a good one.
I'm ready for more levels. If you like puzzle games this is a good one.
Hhj
Just like where's my water!
Just like where's my water!
FUN GAME THAT ONE CAN PLAY AT YOUR OWN PACE. ALREADY HAVE "WHERE'S MY WATER?" AND I THINK THIS ONE IS SO MUCH BETTER.
Totally worth the purchase! Fun and intuitive game :)
Disney strikes again!
This game is the game its really fun and keeps u bussy everyone should try it
Luv this game!
Love it
Very entertaining.
Very entertaining.
Won't work for HTC WILDFIRE newer version.
Well rounded game play and polish at every entertaining level of game development...graphics, sound effects, music, animation, humor, challenges... this game has it all.
AWESOME I LOVE IT U TOO DISNEY
?
god job
Good game. Just like where's my water
We're having lots of fun.
We're having lots of fun.
Awesome game, needs more levels
Fun game keeps u thinking
One of the best games
Good fun for a bit of escapism :)
I aboutsloutley love it its awesome
My children love it and só do I :)
It has entertained me all day and there are still loads of levels left for me to do
So much fun
Fun game!  Great entertainment for my kids.  They love it!!!
Fun game!  Great entertainment for my kids.  They love it!!!
My kids love it. Somehow, it irritates me when Perry gets impatient...Swampy wasn't so touchy!
It's so fun!
Loved this game and where my water. Hope they add lots more levels soon!
Title says all ha
Better than I expected and fun to kill time.
Better than I expected and fun to kill time.
Brain bending fun!
Is very fun...
Kids seem to like it. Don't have any problems yet!
Fun game but too short and too easy
Fun game but too short and too easy
Challenging and fun
Good time killer, got Where's  my water too, very good games.
Its fun to play when it doesnt freeze when you get a phone call.
This app is so much fun! Can't get enough!
Love
A bit more challenging than Where's My Water? but that's what I like about it...makes you think more!!!! Love it love it love it!!!!!!!! Bring on more levels!!!!
Love it
Love it.
great game...wish they hurry up and put out an update with MORE LEVELS PLZZZZZZZZZ.
Tons of fun. Addicting. Always a new challenge. Definitely worth buying.
Awesome
Awesome
The app is downloading on my phone as  I write this 55%,56%!!
And this is just as good, with much more charm!
A very good game.
Love this app but my phone gets really hot when I play it.
Instantly addicted!
So much fun love all the levels and the characters!
Love the game
Uniformly stellar execution across devices and platforms.
I and my kids love this game just need more levels please
You have to use skill and logic.... :)
Funny
Its very fun but it has a lot of flaws I had to re-install it for it to work again
I didn't want to get this game but my son talk me into it but I can say he loves it so much I thank it u cute so it is good for kids 5 an up love it ;)
I didn't want to get this game but my son talk me into it but I can say he loves it so much I thank it u cute so it is good for kids 5 an up love it ;)
Pretty cool game...
Nice game also educational teaches states of matter
Good
Good
Awesome game
My 6 year old loves this and some do I. Problem solving skills are utilized. Great application. Highly recommend
My 6 year old loves this and some do I. Problem solving skills are utilized. Great application. Highly recommend
I love this type game  and Ilove phineas and ferb so what a perfect combo
Me and my entire family really enjoy this game.
Good game and wort it.
Good game and wort it.
Great game,kids love it!!!!!Glad I got it for them :)
More levels please!
Fun enough to pay .99 for full version!
Nice game that's very addictive...enjoy
This game is so awesome
Game is fun.  Want to keep playing
Game is fun.  Want to keep playing
Love these games. I have em all! ^_^
I love it
My son and I, love this game we fight over it
first game i was ever compelled to buy. great. good challenging puzzles. easy for young ones, and tough for older audiences to perfect!
Addictive. Very satisfied with this purchase.  Will buy other games by this developer.
Great graphics... Tricky.... I like it
Great graphics... Tricky.... I like it
Love It!
I have where's my water and this game and I like this one better. The only thing I like better about where's my water is it has way more levels. If you could make more levels for where's my Perry soon, that would be great!
Fun
Love the game
Great game
lots of fun   should
Where is the darn duck.other than that my son loves this game
Fun pick up and play game.
Its same like where is my water but some thing different from that.
Just like Where's My Water.
I love it just as much as my kids do.
Game aweSOme
Very addicting!
Very addicting!
Love it! Challenging and fun! Well worth the 99cents..
Amazing
This game is amazing! Perry fans would love it and its educational. I recommend it for kids of all ages! Have fun!
Gratifying game pay from Disney
Nice game.. Love it
Very good game. Check the demo and play it!
Great game but needs work !
Really awesome i enjoy it
Found the duck
Will rate 5 when this is fixed
Thought this would be a repeat of Where's My Water?, however, it is different enough to be fun.
Awesome.
Awesome.
my two daughters and i love the show so the game was a give in
need more levels
This game is the best.
This game is the best.
Nice game for my child
Enough said
This is an amazing game to play when you feel like having a little challenge to pass the time. I can't wait for more levels!
This is an amazing game to play when you feel like having a little challenge to pass the time. I can't wait for more levels!
Fun.. and addicting
Tried the free version and got hooked! Had to get the full version.
Great all. Works really well and is also lots of fun. It is a great all for kids to test their minds by figuring out puzzles. Also just a fun game overall.
Fun fun fun
Good and excellent game
I like these kind of apps that require creative thinking.   i like that my girls play this too.
Loads of fun and keeps levels diverse enough to hold your attention. New levels updated for free makes it a great purchase.
Nice !!!!!!!!!!!
Nice !!!!!!!!!!!
Needs more levels
Very good game. Little slow on the loading but hey ho.can't have it all
My little girl loves this game
This is a great game but it's addicting
Love it.
It took me a while to find out that the update features a secret level and Doofensmirthz talking after a completed Balloony level.  But the update I am waiting for is the new levels
Tires recomend it!!!
Great time waster
Doesn't really need a new name. Where's my perry is where's my water with some new gadgets. Good game though.
This game is great for all ages. Great graphics and works amazingly, downloaded with no problems.
really good game, deffo worth the time..x
really good game, deffo worth the time..x
So much fun
So much fun
If u love where's my water you'd love this game
If u love where's my water you'd love this game
Very addictive. I just showed my wife and now she is hooked too.
My kids love this game
My kids love this game
Lots of levels, very fun.
Great game
Love phineas and ferb and love perry.  This game is very slick and fun to play five stars
I can play t this game all day
Its like Where's my Water? with new techniques for getting the "water" to the right place. Lots of fun, well worth the money.
Great game
Excellent fun puzzler for messing about with.
Great game, fun, a little bit harder than Where's my water.
Enjoyable game. Mostly straightforward with a few challenges. Challenges rather than frustrations as you can work them out. Worth the 60p. Playing on S2 and Nexus tab. Looks good on both.
This game is fun. I Luke games that make you think.
Gr8 game. Very fun . I never get bored of playing it ....
Bought this game for my 5 year old. Great choice. Where's my water? Is good too.
I'm never bored with this game!!!
I love this game. I'm hooked!
Great game, very well made. Fun to play. Hope they add more levels soon
Loved the free version so I bought the 99 cents one lol it's way better!! Thanks nieces and nephews
Lls now why u gonna rip off wheres my water that is so stupid. Im playing it tho so it ii8. But yall ctfu.
I love the game... It needs more levels. Update plz
Great game needs more updates!
I hat it refunds
Very nice game. I play this while my ladies go shopping... No more boring in the supermarkets, they dont have complaints either.
Love this game.
Super like!
Great for adults or kids.
My kids and I really love thus app!
Awsome game good entertaiment
At first, my DroidX said that it could not be installed but it worked after a re-boot.  Now, I am hooked on this game!
alot of fun to pass the time
This is the best game in the world                  Yup
A great time waster. Any fan of Phineas & Ferb should grab this.
A great time waster. Any fan of Phineas & Ferb should grab this.
Great game with good graphics and sound
Great game
Great game!
Love it
You have to get it
Kid loves it. Great app worth a buck.
Kid loves it. Great app worth a buck.
And my 5 year old loves it too
Good game
I thought the kids would like this game, but it's mine! All mine!
I thought the kids would like this game, but it's mine! All mine!
I thought the kids would like this game, but it's mine! All mine!
I thought the kids would like this game, but it's mine! All mine!
Great game. Worth the download
Lots of fun will keep you entertained for hours
Great puzzles.
This is soo addicting
Perry is awesome. fun game for p&f fans
Its awesome
The title says it all. Awesome spp
Great game, very addictive
Love It!
Works well on my Samsung infuse except for the occasional freeze up when I get an email.  ????  Other than that I love it and my kid loves it.
Works well on my Samsung infuse except for the occasional freeze up when I get an email.  ????  Other than that I love it and my kid loves it.
Fun puzzles with increasing levels of difficulty.  Great thinking challenges, cool details!
Love
Fun and challenging.
I think its beter than where's my water.
Awesome game for less than a quid!
Kids love it
Good wee game. Much like where's my water - but that's a good thing.
Great fun
This and "Where's my Water"are really the best games on Android.
Fun game hard to put down
That is all
Interesting and creative to have
Very interesting physics based puzzles. I love that I can pick it up and play for a few minutes or an hour, and I never feel like an idiot b/c I can't solve the puzzle. So if you are looking for hard core puzzles this is not the game for you, just a lot of fun in this one.
I love it
Bossssssssssssssssss
Worth the buck
Great fun! Challenging puzzles! All the silliness of the show!
Just an excellent puzzle game - if you like lateral thinking puzzle games download it.
Just an excellent puzzle game - if you like lateral thinking puzzle games download it.
this game is very addictive simi ar to wheres my water
Love it!!!!!!  (-:
Love it!!!!!!  (-:
Great game.
I love this game and that's a lot coming form someone who don't play too many games
addictive
addictive
Great challenging app
Good app
Good app
5 stars easy
My 3 year old love this.
My 3 year old love this.
Short trail got me in to it. Happy i bought it! Fun for me and kids :-)
addictive. Galaxy tab 10.1
My 6 yr old LOVES this game!
My 6 yr old LOVES this game!
I love Phineas and Ferb, Perry might not do much but agent P is awesome and this game is fun addictive just as it should be...
Great way to kill some time, my kids will love it!
Bringing the Phineas and Fern characters to Where's My Water just adds to my enjoyment. Fun game with some new challenges - definitely worth your dollar.
Hate that it bugs you to rate it... everyone knows about this game already.
Hate that it bugs you to rate it... everyone knows about this game already.
This game is off the chain
Awesome game, incredibly addicting, can't wait for more chapters.
Cool graphics. Fun physic simulation. One of the best game I ever play on android. The level are fun. A tone of fun for a bargain.
I bought this game solely because it was Perry The Platypus. Turns out I made the right decision. Awesome gameplay and super addictive.
Great game
Great graphics, really fun puzzle game
Played where's my water first -this us a great carry-on-game
I Love That It Gets Harder Every Time. Its Really A Good Game , Its Better then I Thought It Would Be.
Game is very addictive....!
My younger brother was playing this on iPad last time I went home and I got hooked! So much fun and some levels are really challenging.
My younger brother was playing this on iPad last time I went home and I got hooked! So much fun and some levels are really challenging.
And a good critical thinking game for kids
its a game
A lot of fun, great game!
It was worth it enjoyable
Tons of fun!
This is more fun than weres my water
Awesome game!
I Love the show and love this game, can't wait for more levels.
Addicting...but it needs more levels!!
Love it!
Works very well on nexus 7. Very good game too.
Very fun and addictive game, that the whole family can play!!
Love ittttttttttt
Love ittttttttttt
Love it fun and easy a time killer
Really fun game
Waiting on the new levels.
Great game!
Great game!
Great game
Good fun game
Easy yet engrossingly addictive
Yo
Its fun but kills battery fast
No Complaints
It's a great pass time.
Samsung galaxy s2  Really great and very addictive
love it!!!
Best game iv played on android.completed it 3 times but waited tooooo long for update so uninstalled
A truly great puzzling game. Frustrating and amazing at the same time.
I just wish there were more levels to play.
Extremely fun and addictive. Love the show too
Ok
This a game......
Ruby
My favorite game since Angry Bird space. Very fun!
My favorite game since Angry Bird space. Very fun!
Bough this at 11 august, can't be installed, send email to developer, but still no reply. :(
I lov it soooo much
I lov it soooo much
I lov it soooo much
Basic fun for children and still fun for parents... just like the show!	Happy two year old Perry fan (and parents)
Completed everything. Got tri-nome on every level, got all achievements and completed all the secret file missions. Hoping for more levels in the near future!
It's awesome for kids
Great game. Cant wait for the new levels
My daughter loves this app, thanx
Perfect
Thus us the best game ever
Fun
Perfect
I paid for this stupid game and it still is always running wasting battery doing god knows what. I want my dollar back!
Downloaded it for my kids,now I can't stop playing it!!fun and very addictive!!
Even if you don't know the show it's a very fun addicting game! It does deminish your battery rather fast though.
This a good way to exercise the logic center of your brain.
This a good way to exercise the logic center of your brain.
Love this game much better then the original where's my water it's a perfect game for adults and children even toddlers i hope there will be more levels soon though other then that looks5 star experience on my tablet good job Disney never fail to make awesome products
It is the best. GET IT NOW!
I love perry he is cute.
It's a must have
It's a must have
Excellent time waster. Copying off the other lady cause i just want to sound intelligent . Lol
Great fun game!  Once you start playing you don't want to put it down!
Like
Love perry!
Luv it. My 3 year old plays and plays it.
The hidden duck is In credit's
Great game, I play and so do my kids. Fun!
Works well again
Fun and addicting.
Fun enough for my give year old and myself.  No issues in my Galaxy Tab 10.1 or my Nexus.
Good fun.  Don't get tired of it.
Good fun.  Don't get tired of it.
Downloaded for my daughter and I can't stop playing it!
Excellent game. Can play for hours.
Gfnkugb
can't stop playing for a long time
This game is so this game so cool it's so awesome you got that right .
Great way to pass time
Awesome
Nice game awesome graphics
Great game! But I still like wheres my water more though.
Crazy addictive.....cant put the darn game down
Great game dose not freeze up at all on a my touch q love this game
I really love this game the first time i got the free version but it did have as many levels so i got the full version and for 99* more it way better so if i were u i get th full version .
I love this game
Best game ever.
Would rate 5 but for some reason it keeps crashing on my g2x
I have a lot of fun
Fun very addictive
Having the characters talk to Perry while he is waiting is great.  This is a nice little puzzler.
I love this app...and my kids do too! Lol
Love that Perry:)
Looooovvvvveee it!!!!!
Yet another mind bending game out there for adults and children to play. The levels are simple enough, but I still am wanting to go to YouTube to find hints.
Very fun....
Quite a bit of fun!
Fun game!
I had to sneak away to play this game. After watching my kids play, I was hooked.
I had to sneak away to play this game. After watching my kids play, I was hooked.
I had to sneak away to play this game. After watching my kids play, I was hooked.
As fun as where's my water!!
Love the Game, but help!!! I've got all 240 Gnomes and have completed all the achievements!  We need New LEVELS!!!!
Love the Game, but help!!! I've got all 240 Gnomes and have completed all the achievements!  We need New LEVELS!!!!
My favorite game
Great game
Hours of entertainment!
I love it, so much fun!!! I hope there's more after Perry :-)
Wonderful! Amazing! Spectacular! Wow ! Love it!
Fun, but a little confusing at times.
Challenging and fUN!
Fun and addictive
It combines one amazing show and is a good brain exercise
It's a little short but its a fun game.
Awesome and addicting!
Awesome and addicting!
Fun Game. Just Need More Levels.
Entertaining and keeps your mind working
Entertaining and keeps your mind working
This game is soooooooo AWESOME!!!!!!!
Worth 99cents looks and plays great samsung galaxy 2
Love this game!!!
Hours of puzzling fun for not much money. Nice animation and sound too
One of the better games in the market!
its aaaassssoommmeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!! !!!!! !!!! !!!!  !!!!!  !!!!!!       !!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!^_^
superb game!
It's fun just like where's my water but with Perry!! My kids love this game and I admit I play it when they are sleeping lol  :-)
Works great :):):):):):)
Love this game, super addicting. Can't stop playing
Love perry and this game
Love perry and this game
I love it can't wait for the updates :)
Lots of fun and easy enough for a 3 year old
No issues game is a lot of fun!
My Grandchildren and I play this, the 8 year old even helps Gram out when I get stuck...lol
This game is really fun.
Really fun and addicting even for the older but still young at heart
Really fun and addicting even for the older but still young at heart
I loved where's my water also by Disney and this is equally as much fun.  Love it.   Keep em coming......
Excellent game
Excellent game
I love Phineas&Fern, and I LOVE Perry. This game is so much fun, and is a great way to kill time!
Can't get refund and dosn't work!
G
Anything Phineas and Ferb related is alright with me
Luv it
My son loves this game
Its a gud time pass :)
Awesome game out is addictive and fun to play
My four your old loves this game!
Can spend hours playing this game. Have already played Where's My Water. I hope they come out with more games like this
Can spend hours playing this game. Have already played Where's My Water. I hope they come out with more games like this
Excellent fun value for money :)
Excellent fun value for money :)
This is a silly game! worth the 99¢.I find myself comming back often to complete new missions. love the idea of it and that it is good for all ages. It is from DISNEY... the name says it all.
This game is so addictive and having to deal with kids this help me get them distracted easily. They keep asking to play because they want to save perry. Great game
Great game, very addicting!!!
Very good games
Love this game
I luv the game it is so awesome
I luv the game it is so awesome
I luv the game it is so awesome
Awesome
I couldnt stop playing
Love this silly game
This is a great game
Good
Love it! So much fun!
I love weres my perry
Part time shifts fly by now
this game is AWESOME! !!!!!!! great game
Kind of like wheres my water
Kind of like wheres my water
Just like where's my water but different enough not to be the same game!!
Not worth the money. Even if it were free I would not download it. Negative 10 out of 0.
Love it . I love Perry. This game is very addictive
Man i love this game. Its great just like the other one keeps me up for hours when i should be sleeping
very exciting app. loads of fun to play :). 5 stars :).
So much fun for young and old
Love it def worth a dollar
Really amazing
So awsome great play and content and animations.
HD HD DJs dhdjdhxhxhxkzhdkdhjs gg jsjjs d
I love it I'm addicted to it lol
Great game not too hard but hard enough to keep ya interested and plenty of boards with hopefully a few updates with levels later on
Better graphics than wmw but who is perry? ??
Better graphics than wmw but who is perry? ??
Addicting! Great game for adults, I'm sure the kids find it to be "ok" as well. ;) Droid X
So addicting!!
So addicting!!
So addicting!!
Awesome game
Love it
Love the game is very
Pretty good time buster.
Love it
Nice time waster.
If you love where's my water, then you'll love this
If you love where's my water, then you'll love this
Good twist with Perry
The graphics are great and gameplay is addictive.
Alright it was
Its an amazing game. But. I think they should give us more levels instead of buying like 20 things
Great game, it is very addictive
Love this game! I can't stop playing it cuz its so addictive! I'm up in the weeeee hours playing its
Awesome !!!
Awesome !!!
Awesome !!!
Adds more to wheres my water, might as well just buy this. Nice time passer, and crispy graphics on aver a500, and my s3.
I love phineas and ferb because of my son, fun game!
Love it
This game is fun for both the young and the young at heart!!!!!
amazing game! very addictive.
Way better than where's my water
As its only an extension for where is my water but still a good game
So much fun! I hope they add more lvls!
Great game love it
Game!
Game!
My 4 yr old loves this
My 4 yr old loves this
Fun game, love the commentary and definitely worth the purchase. Also gives some new info into the show.
Very similar to where's my water, with new physics.  And PERRY!
Love Perry. Can't put this game down!
My kids love it.
Cool game. Love it
Quality
Gets harder, cheeky and more addictive!
Gets harder, cheeky and more addictive!
Very good
Using htc inspire with a miui rom, bought the app but crashes.. Says loading and then closes to home screen.. Please fix
Love da game...
Totally addicted to Perry, has kept my 9 yr old and myself busy...for hours and dont even realize it.
Wheres my perry is so fun
Keeps you interested
Very similar to Where's My Water, but a lot more polished. Recommended.
A+++.Very Clever Game. Really addictive Gamplay. Very Enjoyable. Where's My Water Is Better, Still Number 1 For Me.
I love your game
Love it. Very fun and is good to pass time. Works great on my galaxy note!
This was an absolute hit for me and the rest of my family...
My kids love this game so I tried it and loved it so I got the full version and beat it before them.
Gotta love the show!
Gotta love the show!
Cute. Great time killer.
Nice past time. Need more levels.
Awesome game!
Worth the dollar
If you like the show get the game
Man I can't put it down its soooooooooooooooooo fun
I have wheres my water and this is like a different chapter to it. Lovemit time flys by when plating it, would recommand mend it to ny one who like these typeamof gsmes. Hrs of fun :-)
I love this game!
Secret agent J here and i gotta say i love this game. Secret agent J, OUT!
Awesomeness......pure and simple
Great game
Need more levels
Need more levels
Love this game. :)
This game is so fun I love it so much
I like games that are like this sheets my water is fun too. graphics are great everything's fine it works great droid razor
great spare time to waste game
Really good game and an excellent time waster. Hoping more levels will be added soon!
Great game mechanics and the F&F references are always fun. At 99¢ its a no brainer, a must have.
Awesome
I am a huge fan and master of wheres my water, plus I bought all the levels. I couldnt resist this since I love phineas and ferb. Too cute!
Lots of fun
Love the game but wish there were more levels! PLEASE ADD MORE LEVELS!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!
Man,The tubes are inactive.
I enjoy where's my water so mush but this one's good not bad but new idea will more success....
I think this game is much better than where's my water and it makes much more sense that the pipe was stuck and needed some water or fog to unstuck Perry.
I think this game is much better than where's my water and it makes much more sense that the pipe was stuck and needed some water or fog to unstuck Perry.
All the fun of where's my water with agent p! Fun dialog and addicting game play
Doesn't work.
Enjoy it
I think I'm addicted but I need 5000 more levels. Let me know when your done with that developers.
Bought this for my 3 1/2 ye old granddaughter.  She loves it and so do I!! We play together for hours! Worth every penny!
Fun but lagy... I beat every part of this p.s the secret hidden duck level is in the bottom left corner of the credits the rest you find out yourself :) ... well I have every achievement and gnome I'm waiting for more levels though and I'd suggest to get this app but I don't think the same about where's my water but the only thing I don't like is it won't work without the internet but other than that it's really good :)
great game I have it on my samsung tab in my htc evo,very fun and exciting if you like where's my water you love where's my Perry
Can't wait for more levels
Time waster. . Enjoyed playing it
Love it! Nocomplaints :)
Addictive
All around a good game and yes its like where is the water? But its like a completely updated version of the game plus there is Agent P!!!
I LOVE THIS GAME!
I love this song
Fun game. I love Perry the platypus. Well made app
It was so entertaining
I absolutely love this game one of the only games I buy is wheres my water and wheres my perry
I absolutely love this game one of the only games I buy is wheres my water and wheres my perry
I absolutely love this game one of the only games I buy is wheres my water and wheres my perry
Great game my daughter and I both love it.
Very addictive
Great fun, I feel light like a Woodland pixie!
Very fun and easy to play
Great game! Challenging and fun! Download where's my water when you're done with this one if you haven't already played it. :-)
Great game! Challenging and fun! Download where's my water when you're done with this one if you haven't already played it. :-)
It's fun and I love it.
I love this game so much
Wish there were more levels!
This is funny
Nice
There is a bug in regards to completing all challenge levels. It won't let you finish "complete all bonus levels". Where do I get those anyway?
Awesome app
On my Motorola Xoom on the title screen. It will get to the middle and then freezes. This makes me restart my device
I love this game, almost as much as I love the show.  Very innovative and addicting.
This game is awesome- lots of brain work and lots of F&P tongue-in-cheek humor.
Both my 5 and 10 year old love this game... I find a lot of the challenges difficult
This game is awesome
Love this game...cant stop playin it
Great game
Awesome fun!
Instil this app
Cool game.
I Need a refund but great game!!
Hope they don't take too long to add new levels. Other than that, super fun!
Excited playing like a kid again
Love It.
Needs more levels plz
Needs more levels plz
Keeps you busy for a while.
I luv this game
Where's my perry is fun.  Thank you.
I love this game need more levels
This game is easy and fun. With many ways to pass the levels the fun never ends.
Enjoy playing!
Enjoy playing!
Nice game i luv it
Nice game i luv it
Cool fun game
This is the best game I ever played
Enoyed it a lot more than the cocodrail
I love where's my water and Perry.
It's a lot like where's my water, another game I love
Very fun game!!!
love this game
Love it!
Love it!
Soooo freakin addicting. I play it more than my kids do.
Nexus 7 Works great.  Game is a little too hard for my very smart 5 year old.  But it is a fun puzzle game to play together
Takes forever to install
Fun when you have time to kill
I love this game but not that much levels and its too easy just like where's my water♪^_^>♣but I wish it hat hidden levels like where's my water♣<
I love this game because i love perry the platapus
Great game!
Great game!
There are a whole bunch of levels that are easy, hard or in the middle!!
Love this game just wish you guys would update soon!!!!!
My girls love this game!! Great job!!!!  :-)
Fun
I don't play many games but this is fun. Would love clues when I'm stuck.
Fun for all ages.
A great different alteration from an awesome game
A great different alteration from an awesome game
This game is so fun!
Greatest games along wheres my water! Needs some new levels though. Awesome.
A bit easy if you've played where's my water, but still good fun.
It is great to play in my free time(:
A lot of fun game :)
The concept is the same but with new levels and obstacles it'll keep you entertained all over again.
Best game i have ever paid for on my phone!!!
Best game i have ever paid for on my phone!!!
Love it..
I love it
These games are awesome. No lags, no freezing, great addictive fun!
Awesome game
Haven't been able to open the game as it goes right to crash. I'll update rating when issue is addressed
Great game! I'm addicted! Quite challenging! Love watching Phineas and Ferb with my daughter, and Perry is her favorite! Now she likes watching me play this game with her favorite character! Need to make a Where's Mickey?!
Keeps you thinking
Debbie: Perhaps you should have read b4 buying. I also bought mine through the Where's my water game. It said "Where's my Perry" and clearly wasn't a picture of a crocodile. Disney in no way try to disguise it as part of where's my water. Your just mad because you were in a hurry to play more where's my water levels that you didn't bother to read what you were buying. Your mistake, not Disney's.
Debbie: Perhaps you should have read b4 buying. I also bought mine through the Where's my water game. It said "Where's my Perry" and clearly wasn't a picture of a crocodile. Disney in no way try to disguise it as part of where's my water. Your just mad because you were in a hurry to play more where's my water levels that you didn't bother to read what you were buying. Your mistake, not Disney's.
Awesome game my girls are tOtally addictive..
I love this game as well as the show hes on
I'm obsessed... Done and done!
So much fun.
Fun game..very entertaining
I've played this game ever since it came out, and no new levels? There should be a few levels based on "Where's perry?" parts one and two.
Really fun game
I like this. Good enough to wrap u in
Love it!
Love it!
I downloaded this game after my 3 boys begged for it after seeing the commercial. I am disappointed in the app as it keeps freezing up. I don't have this problem with other apps installed.
I love this game but it needs more levels. I will give it 5 stars if you add more levels
This game is awesome and love to play it and so do my kids. Lol
I really like this game!
As good as where's my water.
Its such a good game, I say to my self 1 more level and it's off to bed and then an hour passes lol.
Awsome
Awsome
Good game but nothing very different from where's my water.nonetheless a good game to buy
agent p is awesome
Keep up like this but no new lvs
Keep up like this but no new lvs
Awesome game just needs new levels. :P
Very good game that even the adult Phineas and Ferb will enjoy.
I like that it teaches a little about physics. My son especially likes the balloon missions.
Sooo much fun
This app is a ton of fun and very clever!
Wonderful I love to play it.I'm addicted to the game.
Fantastic
AWSOME:-)!!!!!!!
Fun mod of where's my wter especially gas and ice levels
This game app is very addictive, I found myself wanting to keep playing level after level.  My kids also enjoyed it.   It is easy enough for children to complete the levels and challenging enough for adults to stay interested.  The app runs fine on my Galaxy Tab 10.1 and Galaxy Nexus very well.
I love this game !!!!!
Fun and clever.
Fun and clever.
Can't seem to put it down. Well made game and very replayable.
Kids love it
Love this game so worth the purchase
So Good
I like Where's My Water and I also like this game. Keep coming with them Disney!
I love this game
It keeps my 3 year old entertained so I can watch tv or play CoD.
Love this game could us a update
Great for old & young! entertaining & tests physics logic!
Great! Super fun. Starts out easy and gets challenging along the way.
V very addicting and fun                Jackson
I love this game you need more updates
Amazingly fun!!!
Thats 2 updates with no new levels. This gets you knocked down to 2 stars.
Love this game!
Why update and no new levels.
This game is not to costly. Yet it is a very fun game for any one of any age.
Amazing!!!
Nice and great than Angry Bird so bored.
Love this game.
Great timewaster.
kkkkkk
Great, highly addictive.
Yes it's like where's my water but with a few twists... What's the problem with that though? Really can't complain about anything for 60p!
Still we are waiting for new levels.
This game is the best and its hularius too.
Sweet
Awsum game me and my son love it
It nice
7
Ea facil de jugar y muy entretenido
Awesome game, just waiting on more levelsto come out.
Keeps booting me off. Please update so I can play
Love it
Genius
I love this game
I think better than first 1 even my 40 year old kids like it
Fun stuff just needs more levels
It's awesome and fun!
Great game, and challenging. Just waiting for more levels...
Great game, I love the puzzles!
Don't listen to debbie, shes dumb, this game is friggin awesome!
I finished every single thing i can on perry and water so maybe its time for some new levels??
Cool p
After last two updates, I cannot open level 4-1. Before I was able to pass it, now the game is crashing before it loads. But with wifi connection on, it works! Otherwise nice game...a time killer indeed.
After last two updates, I cannot open level 4-1. Before I was able to pass it, now the game is crashing before it loads. But with wifi connection on, it works! Otherwise nice game...a time killer indeed.
Progressively challenging puzzles that look fantastic.
Fun game and also good for passing time but can be challenging at some times
Really similar to where's my water... But I like this one better
awesome game
Its a nice game but we need more levels.
I absolutely LOVE Where's My Water, and this adds new gameplay ABD Perry!
If you love where's my water (and millions do) this won't disappoint! It's just as fun. Similar concept in physics, but unlike angry birds copy cats, it's a totally different feel/world from Water and as much fun w/ the right amount of challenge. Who knew my favorite games (I love games, and find it harder and harder to find a good one) would be Disney. I Hope they come out with more like Water & Perry, they could charge more for them. Enjoy Perry
Simple idea but still makes you think, hours of entertainment
Soo addiciting
I love this game
A great puzzle game. Just try it !
It's a funn game like it alot but since ive had it its up dated twice and still no new levels!! Beat all the levels and there is nothing left to do so why keep it.
Just like where's my water but with a fun twist.
Just like where's my water but with a fun twist.
I love watching how good my 7 years old daughter is on this game. Fantastically engaging and challenging but not too much so that she doesn't get discouraged
Fun
The update seems to have fixed the low resolution
Quite fun.. just when u think its easy.. pow. Heres the hard
This game is just as addicting as the original "Where's My Water?" Plus it has Perry and he makes his noise from time to time which is a huge plus. Worth the 99¢.
i like both games!! hell ill even buy 'wheres my mickey' lol, too cool
Looks like "Where is my water?"....well, who cares. For the price of this game it is definitely worth it.
Needs an update...
My son LOVES this app!
Very similar to Where's My Water?, but lots of new tools that make the puzzles interesting.
Aaaaammmmaaaazzzziiiiinnnngggggggg!
Very addicting! Please add more levels!
Great puzzle game.
Ok
Doesn't work on my phone how do i get my money back
I hate it
Entertaining
MAKE NEW LEVELSSSSS PLZ IVE BEEN WITING 2 MUCH
Soooooooo fun!
I feel this is a more powered where's my water with funny voices and characters and a good storyline too. I just wish this was as complex as where's my water with all the amazing expansion levels that we all love. It also is flawless on the nexus 7, fast, no lag, and amazing graphics. Worth $1 hands down.
Both kids and I love this game!!!!
Sweet like candy
Addictive
Great app for all ages
And finally works without an internet connection! Not sure if you guys fixed it, or the update to Jelly Bean, but please also fix it on where's my water!
Kids  love  it...
Kids  love  it...
Great n fun!
This game is great for killing time
Fun. Wish there were more levels. Game freezes now and then.
Love playing this game. It's highly addictive and fun.
It is a good and fun game but on level three, I can't remove the dirt to let the water go through? I can get some places but others it just doesn't recognize my touch. Fix this or make it more touchable pleasse
I
Basically "where's my water, 2", but good enough for me.
I luv it
Ready for more levels!
Great fun...very addicting!
I think it is fun cool awesome sweet that's my word
This game is so addictive. Its so fun i cant stop playing. Im only on the 2nd story level thing
Love the challenges!!
Fun game and easy to play
So much fun! My 10 year old loves it, and I must admit, I do too!
My son loves it thanks disney
Better than weres my water
Even though Perry doesn't do much.
Great game with challenging but fun puzzles.  Plus its really funny!
Great game very challenging!! My kids love it.
Fun to play. Not just reruns of the other levels.
This game is a re-hash of where is my water but with lasers and black goo. The biggest problem I finished all regular levels, and bonus levels and achievements in 2 hours. Where are all of the levels?
Good wholesome fun. Works well with androids. And is really cute.
Very fun
I love it its so much fun.
Addicting and fun galaxy s 3
absolutely awesome game I love this game is fun yeah yahoo
Addicted love this game
Poop
Awesome, had as much fun as my kids did.
Love it!
Good game kinda easy.
Good game kinda easy.
<3 Must have for Perry fans! I love it as much as the kids do :-)
My little cousins love this game
Awesome very cool
Everything is perfect. I love the commentary by the other Phineas and Ferb characters! BRILLIANT
Only downside: a bit easier, otherwise great
Only downside: a bit easier, otherwise great
..soooooooooooooooon? Apart from that, awesome destroyer of productivity in the workplace :)
It okay
Beat it 3 times cuz its so fun
Amazing game process, good graphics.and physics
Similar to where's my water but still fun to play.
Personally i think it's better than "where's my water" the concept is the same BUT it's so much better in my eyes. I love it. Can't get enough. <3 worth the .99¢
I recommended it
Yet again Disney makes an unremarkably addincting, challenging  game. Worth the 99 cents for sure. Highly recommended.
Love it!!!
Play on my phone whenever the get the chance.
awesome
It's super AWESOME!!!!!!
This game stinks i baught it and it dosent work
It is sooooooooooooooooo fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fun game!!! I love Perry!!!
Fun game!!! I love Perry!!!
Fun game!!! I love Perry!!!
Bit complex for smaller kids but very engaging for older ones.
This is very similar to"where's my water" but with a direct Disney tie in.  If you or your kids like Phineas and Ferb then this is a great game, and helps with problem solving.
Great for my 6 year old, and sometimes my 11 year old but not much challenge for an adult.
I love this game
Great on iOS, great here. In fact, might run better thanks to better hardware.
A great game for me to play with my kids. Still a little tough for them (ages 3 &1 ) but they enjoy helping mom. Samsung Galaxy Tab
Wonderful game.
Realy fun needs more levels though
Awesome game! Fun for kids and adults!
Love the game. Fun for all ages
I love it :D
This is awesome
My kids love Perry!
Love it, love it, love it!!!!!
This is my all-time fave game.
Love the game! My son can't get enough it! Droid RAZR.
Done all the levels, need more!
Love it!!!
So fun! Great sound effects and funny commentary! My kids can't wait till i'm done so they can play! Great job!
Very strategic in a fun
Very fun and hard to put down once ya start lol
Very entertaining, very addicting can't stop playing it lol
Gimme gimme gimme!
Gimme gimme gimme!
Really addictive game.
Could us a few more challenging puzzles.
My name is Doof and you'll do what I say, WHOOP WHOOP!
Cool as crap XD
More complex version of Where's my water.. this game is a lot of fun!
got bored with where's my water. Perry is keeping my attention now. A must have
Great game!
Great game!
Just as addicting as Where's My Water.
Just as addicting as Where's My Water.
Awsome
My youngest daughter (7) just loves the game.
Fun play for grownups too.
Awesome game. So far it's a little easier than where's my water but still a lot.of fun .
needs more levels
Need I say more?
Love it
It's so addictive, I need more levels!
I need a refund
Very much like Where's My Water. These games are fun and simple. Enjoyable for me and my six year old both.
I enjoy both this and where's my water.
Love the game
you  did a great job making this game.
Great game.
Super fun.
So great and the bonus levels from achievements and secret files are super fun!
So great and the bonus levels from achievements and secret files are super fun!
I say i downloaded this for my kids.... But I'm the one whos been playing it!
can't wait for more levels and inators
I wish there were more levels =(
Its super awsome! I've never played anything cooler than were's my Perry,exepte maybe were's my water!
Great game! Love the graphics. Just what I needed to continue my Where's my Water fix!
Fun and very addictive.
Of course it's 5-stars game. For me.
So so so much fun
Game that happens to be different enough from where's my water to make it worth the buy.
Great fun for all ages
Great fun for all ages
My children enjoy this game
Need more levels
I like the lasers
Fun game!! I love Perry!!
Good game
Fantastic, my son loves it... when he can get the tablet off me, that is... :-)
Great new puzzles!
Like Where's My Water this game is addicting and so much fun! Keeps u entertained and makes u think. :) love it! I never want the levels to end!
Kids not I like to play
I love this app its so fun!! ^.^
Really good game, more challenging and as good maybe even better than where's my water?
Awesome game and lots of fun. Really needs some new levels tho.
Love it.....need to link the play button to where's my Perry in Where's my Water.
Great game!
Great game!
36mb of big fixes, r u kidding me.....
This game is awesome !!!!!
Really fun game gets hard sometimes tho
This is the most fun game I have played I see no problem with this app
I hope the issue can be fixed for the "Where's My Water" as well.
Trying to update n it keeps freezing,------last comment:Love it n the show too...
I have completed every available level and loved it. Please add more levels soon. :-)
Love it. Challenging and fun!
Very entertaining to the point of OCD addiction. Think I played it more than the kids!
It's very addicting
It's very addicting
It's very addicting
The kids and I love this game. The levels are very well set up. Thanks for making a great fun game!
Its where's my water again basically... and there's nothing wrong with that. Many hours wasted again, and totally fun to replay. Amazing game. More levels please!!!!!
Bought it for my kids. I'm the one who can't stop playing.
Good
Fun game!
Lots of fun
Fantastic game
I love this game its so cool
I like this game than wheres my water
Excellent
Really fun when your bored and tryn to pass some time, needs more levels tho!!!
Great
I love this game!! My kids do too!!
Great game
Pointless upgrade really, but there is an extra achievement that I dont remember being there prior to updating.
Great game, recommended app
Great game, recommended app
Nicely done with the Phineas & Ferb theme. A little easier than Where's My Water, but older kids and other people who love the show will like it.
Thank you Disney!
Teaches steam, water and Ice
Addictive and fun. Let's have more levels please.
Still love the game.
Very polished and addicting.
Fun game even if you have never see p&f
Very fun great game
I love this game but why no new levels and hidden levels
언어선택을 영어로 바꾸어 실행한 뒤 다시 한국어로 선택하면 됩니다
I love this game.. fun and addicting
Literally there is nothing wrong with this app except after 15 minutes of play my s3 gets really hot... maybe too much RAM usage? But no bugs or anything like that a definate no brainer
Kids love it
Good platform game with intuitive controls and great presentation, too bad dev's too lazy to keep a change log.
Awesome
Keep up the good work and keep those levels coming, also same goes for all the 'Where's My' games.  SGS 1.
The graphics are much improved over where's my water and the new game elements make it a fresh challenge.
I love this game so much more than the other verison with swampy. Also its very addictive which is good, :-)
There's a bonus level in the credits for anyone who needs a quick fix
Ace game,vert addictive but great to play.
Y no new levels??
Awesome game as is wheres my water
Awesome game as is wheres my water
To all of you guys who think this will bring new levels to the game. THERE ARENT ANY NEW LEVELS!!!!! Not any obvious or open ones at least. I couldn't find anything myself.
Could be a little harder
Theme music continuously plays after I exit the game. Must force close.
A 37mb update and no new content? Unless it is 'hidden' until a certain time or date...? If not - what's all that about? Great game though!
A 37mb update and no new content? Unless it is 'hidden' until a certain time or date...? If not - what's all that about? Great game though!
They've managed to make it different enough to Where's My Water so that you aren't playing the same game twice. Some similarities, but then that isn't a bad thing. Loads more levels please!!
Absolutly addicting! Fun and challenging game, can't wait for new levels !!! Worth every penny :-D
Not as good as original!
Great game
Really fun and puzzling and works well, finished it already tho :-(
Love it! Way better then Where's My Water.
Love it! Way better then Where's My Water.
Love the game and I prefer the extra challengers in this version of the game but I'm currently updating but I doesn't tell you what the update is updating.
This is a awesome
Its real creative and fun. I don't regreat spending any money to play it!
Brilliant game but been waiting ages for an update one finally came through but it hasn't added more levels not happy
With the new update, the game no longer requires a data connection to work. Thanks, Disney! :-D
Love this game.
Very fun
Can't believe I'm going to say this but, I live this far more than WMW, it has so much more character and story. Love it.
Me and my son love this game
My nephew is a big Phineas and Ferb fan. We both like Perry the Platypus.
Go agent p!
Much better.
Exactly what I expected. Looking forward to updates.
37 MB update and no new levels? What the heck is that all about??
37 MB update and no new levels? What the heck is that all about??
No new levels since I installed the game. I love it and want more levels, as it says more free levels coming soon. How many months is soon
People why the heck are you whining about the update??? Guess what,They removed the internet restrictions. Don't ever whine and complain about WHERE'S MY PERRY!!!!! BEST GAME EVER!!!!
Just updated but no new levels... What's up with that? I have finished all levels and bonus levels...more levels soon I hope!?!
Just updated but no new levels... What's up with that? I have finished all levels and bonus levels...more levels soon I hope!?!
Fun
My son has been begging me for this game & I'm so glad I got it finally he loves it!!
Love it!
;-)
;-)
We love this game. It is lots of fun.
Whole family loves this game!
Fun follow up to where's my water.
I gave a coworker grief for playing a kids game and now I can't stop playing.
I gave a coworker grief for playing a kids game and now I can't stop playing.
i like it. want more level
I enjoy trying to figure out the different levels .
This is an excellent game great continuation of wmw
Great app
Great app
Doesn't force close on my tablet like WMW. Same feel with new mechanisms. Delightful and refreshing.  And who doesn't love hearing Perry's growl!
Where's my Perry? appeals to all ages with its charming aesthetics and clever level design. The game is perfectly constructed for gaming on the go as it offers a fun experience, which can be played in both short bursts and extended periods of time.  This game more than justifies the price and is a great example of how fun mobile making can be when done right.
Just like the game "wheres my water", but more cooler!!! Cant wait till they add more levels
Love this game
Good game
I love this game its awesome I've always loved parry
I love this game so much its a perfect game for any age
Love it!
I Love it,but my phone is short on batterys.Not their fault.Phones problem.
Great game play
Very addictive and fun!
Easy to lose a few hours playing this excellent game, very addictive
So funny!!
So funny!!
Excellent game and very amusing as my son demanded it be downloaded as its from one of his favorite cartoons. Great time waster and very addictive.
Even better than where's my water!!
Even better than where's my water!!
I had some pretty low expectations, but this game is pretty cool, especially considering the price. Now I absolutely have to try Where's My Water.
Gets better the more you play.
Such an entertaining app!! <3
So much fun.
Just needs more levels
Wearing my Perry shirt and playing this game. Love it. Perfect for all fans of where's my water and Phineas and Ferb. Get it, will be the best 99 cents you have spent all week.
Looks lush on nexus 7. No problems. Flawless. Preferring this to wmw original
More levels please
Best games, Where's my Water, and Where's my Perry are the best apps since Angry Birds.
Its addicting, fun, makes you think, and its funny. Just watch out for cranky...he doesn't wasn't swampy to get the water.
Great game!
When is next update? Already completed all!
Love it!
I love Agent P!
I can't put it down
Really fun app works great with galaxy S 3 also addicting!
Once you play u cant stop!! And its very fun :D
Great for the whole family! Works great, really enjoy it!!!
Love this game n so do my kids.
Too much fun
Incredibly addicting
It's a cool game.
Very fun
A upgraded versoin of wheres my water i recomend it
Def worth the money
Awesome game
This is a really fun game but needs more levels.
Very addicting
So addicting and fun, even better because my husband's name is Perry!  My kids love it.  Have not had any problems with it.
Not only for kids! Great game
I love this game
The best game ever
The best game ever
The best game ever
Yes it is like Where's My Water but its still fun.
Very fun app.  Like where's my water.  The commentary from the characters is very amusing.
This is a little too similar to Where's My Water for me to give it 5  stars, but it's still a very enjoyable game.  It's especially good for my kids.  We're all Phineas and Ferb fans.
Addictive
I would love it even more if they found a way for us to create our own lvls and submit them that would make it way much better.
Well worth 99cents
My son loves this!
My son loves this!
Needs update more levels
Awesome game. It's great for passing the time while I'm bored at work :D
Awesome game. It's great for passing the time while I'm bored at work :D
...which is not really a bad thing. I loved Where's My Water, and this game is the same deal. Thanks for another excellent yet inexpensive game!
Almost all games with kids cartoon character are almost insultingly lame.   That was what I expected when I got this for my 7 year old who is a fan of the character.   But it is an intelligent puzzle requiring logic and experimentation.    Both of us are now addicted.
Almost all games with kids cartoon character are almost insultingly lame.   That was what I expected when I got this for my 7 year old who is a fan of the character.   But it is an intelligent puzzle requiring logic and experimentation.    Both of us are now addicted.
Almost all games with kids cartoon character are almost insultingly lame.   That was what I expected when I got this for my 7 year old who is a fan of the character.   But it is an intelligent puzzle requiring logic and experimentation.    Both of us are now addicted.
Great game a liitle tougher than wheres my water
I completed all the levels with all 3 thingies and I found all the secret files. I think this games is a great game and I hope the have new updates every week.
모르고 받았는데 다들 항의글이넹..괜히받았나요...ㅜㅠ
Amazing!!!
This is a great game that makes the story of a secret agent platypus into a cheap thrill that hooks you for hours of play!
The title says it all. Not just for kids. Very well thought out puzzle. Some are hard!
Seems easier than where's my water but is still lots of wholesome fun
I'ts a good game
I love it
I love it
I love it
It is very fun, you need alot of strategy. It stops but not often.
Love this game! OK enough writing I need to start playing again.
Love this game,  addicted to it!!
As much fun as Swampy :)
Its so much fun and addictive, great app!
Fantastic game, but force closes unless it has wifi Internet. Interestingly, blue tooth Internet sharing doesn't count.	Very much like where's my water, fun, engaging.
good
It is hard seeing that it is supposed to be a childs game. Graphics and music are just wonderful!!!!
This game is as great as "where's my water" worth every penny ... Love it!!!
Really good..
Love the taunting from Doofinshmertz and the sidebar from Major Monogram and Carl. The "annoyed Perry" also cracks me up!
Great
:D
cool
Cool game...very responsive, and entertaining.... The music is awesome...
My daughter loves this game. I also found it to be pretty addictive also
Luv the music and the characters
Luv the music and the characters
If you like "Where's My Water", you'll like "Where's My Perry".  It's just more of the same physics-based fun.  If I had to say something negative, it woud be that the puzzles might be too easy, though that may be intentional since it stars characters from a popular children's TV show.
Can't get enough of Where's My Water? Then play this. Similar concept with the original game but with a few new twists. Just buy it.
Cool and challenging
This is a awesome app u guys keep coming up with great app's. Perfect everytime.
My kids love Perry!
This game is great! But it needs more inators and maybe a Doofensmirts story.
The most addicting game since angry birds
Excellent fun
Super fun game need more levels :)
And i mean it.
Addictive and progressive game which I can say is the best android game I've bought
Awesome.
This is a fun easy game to play!
Very fun!
Just the right kind of game
Keeps kids occupied for a while
Great Game !! It makes you use your kbowledge and simply great to enjoy !! 5 stars from me, AWESOME GAME !!
This game keeps me And the kids busy! Cool game!
This game keeps me And the kids busy! Cool game!
This game is such a laugh! I'm over 18 yet Perry is still making me smile
It maybe for kids but I'm hooked on all the where's my water games and I'm 41
Dobedobedobedobedobedobe. P&F rule!! Nice app that is fun but doesn't frustrate.
Dobedobedobedobedobedobe. P&F rule!! Nice app that is fun but doesn't frustrate.
i need more levels!
I <3 Perry!
It's a fun game. I definitely recommend it.
Love this game
Just in time! I was so sad when I finished all of the WMW levels. Yay, more! Plus, my kids love the show, so they really enjoy this game too. Challenging enough to keep it from being boring, and different enough from WMW to intrigue me all over again. Plus, at 99 cents, the price is right! Thanks for another great game!
Excellent game.
Perry is cool!  Love the show!
How can anything with Perry in it be less than 5 stars.
d andre is my name mean d andre s c o d e l a n d e r a p please still eat it that you left in I want to right now not doin not enoughng ondeomdra	dion drizzling right now my name is the honda easley thank you
love it...no problems yet
love it...no problems yet
Is awesome!!! Ready for more levels!!!
갤노트에서 안돌아가나요 믿에 전부 같은증상인거 같은데 환불해주거나 업데이트일정줘요
Fun and entertaining.
Too easy...
This is awesome.
J
Similar to where`s my water
Similar to where`s my water
Weeeee
Is horrid.. can't figure it out yet.. need a hint.. pleaseee
I love this!  And Perry!!  <3
Like it very much. Tons of fun!
Worth downloading
Great game but feels more like an add on to 'where's my water' as its essentially the same thing. That's not really a problem though!
Sbdjsjsjsb
Fun fun fun
This game is enjoyable even to an adult
Great game
Great game
Gave me no time to try game before refund option gone! Got stuck in app when it froze and, naturally, they must've only given me 2 min to refund! I'd like my money back. Uninstalled within 7 min!
So cute.
My kids love this game.
fart fart fart fart lalala to him
My 5 year old son and I both love this game!
brought this for my phone & haven't been able to play a single game, it freezes my whole phone resulting in me having to take out the battery. Really wanted this game but will be having to waste my money on a game that I can't actually play....not happy!
I love these games for the kids ! At least with disney you don't have to worry about porn flying up!  Game is nice and relaxed,  my kids are 3, 12, 13 .
Fun but hard sometimes
Great fun for myself and my kids!!!
Love it, can't wait for the update.
Loving it
Its fun play this game at work all the time.
I luv it
Perfect game...Now I have completed I need moreeeee
Very fun game
I loved the original Where's My Water, but with Perry it makes it that much better!
Fun game
This and where's my water are the two best games on the market.
Fun for kids & adults so fun for everyone.I love it!:)
Very fun game. If you like where's my water, you'll like this game.
Extreamly fun as well as Where's My Water!!!!
I enjoyed the heck out of this game! I hour for more!
and fun as where is my water and I like it.
But that could be because I'm a phinneas and ferb fan. Anyways, nice engaging game.
It's very addicting.
It's very addicting.
Like it
My daughter and I play constantly...we love it!! ;)
More that a game or even a puzzle. Amazing! :-) :-D
Its a fun game.  Its well worth the buck.
Its a fun game.  Its well worth the buck.
Its a fun game.  Its well worth the buck.
Too much fun. Cant wait for more levels!
This game is a nice distraction if you have some time to kill.
Great game. Addictive for sure!
As a fan of Perry as well as the original Where's My Water, I love this! Hope the devs keep it up!
Amazing game!
I love this game I just bought it 2 days ago and i already finished it!!!! Y'all should get it :D
I love this game I just bought it 2 days ago and i already finished it!!!! Y'all should get it :D
Awesome game. Very addicting.
If you want more of WMW........
Really good game can't wait for more levels
Awesome
I love these games (the same devs are behind this and Where's my Water)
Very fun difficult at times but amazing!
HTC Rezound  I absolutely love this game worth every penny! They took a perfect game in Where's My Water and perfected the perfect by making Where's My Perry? I love sitting and playing this with my 5 year old daughter, being a writer for Walt Disney this is perfection!!!
HTC Rezound  I absolutely love this game worth every penny! They took a perfect game in Where's My Water and perfected the perfect by making Where's My Perry? I love sitting and playing this with my 5 year old daughter, being a writer for Walt Disney this is perfection!!!
I cant play in mission 4. Kicking me out of the game.
I cant play in mission 4. Kicking me out of the game.
Works well!
Love it
Enjoy playing it with my daughter.
Really fun, just needs a few more levels.
I had to download it for my 2 girls. Teaches them about solving problems and not giving up.
I paid and it wont let me down load it
Love this game its fun and very addictive.
Love this game its fun and very addictive.
Cool
Awesome game
Awesome game!
I would try where's my water free first. If you like that, this version is similar, yet with a Perry spin. I love it.
Same tools and game plan as Where's My Water. Very fun. Not too hard but still makes you want to keep playing.
I love where's my water but this is bettter
Wonderful game for me and my kids. Love it.
love this
Its awesome
Its awesome
No problems it is THE BEST 99cents i have evea spent
One of the most addictive games I've ever played. Great graphics and super physics. All over fun!
bought and wont play. sucks
Great game, but it won't start if my WiFi is off or out of range.  Would like to be able to play when off the grid.  Nexus 7 user's so WiFi not always on.  Will upgrade review to 5 stars when that is fixed.
Not just a cheap reskinning of a tried and tested gem. High polish and some thoughtful retooling to fit the Phineas and Ferb universe. Do you need both this and Where's My Water? Probably not. But for 0.64 GBP, why not?
Good physic motor
...you'll like where's my Perry.  My kids love both and I enjoy playing them as well.  The puzzles aren't too complicated for them but are challenging enough to keep them interested.
More fun than Where's My Water because you have Perry! Makes you think! Lots better than Angry Birds!
More fun than Where's My Water because you have Perry! Makes you think! Lots better than Angry Birds!
It was great !!!!!!
super game
Love this game.  Never gets old.
I like it a lot.
Cool game.  Good graphics.  Worth the $0.99.
Great game :)
Love it! Makes ne think lol
Love it!
Love it!  More levels please!
Love it!  More levels please!
This game is awesome so much fun love it
best game in the world.
Really awesome game love my perry
A lot of fun.
Great fun.  Love the game.
Excellent game works well on jelly bean nexus
Awesome!
Fun and interesting
Lots of fun
Amazing fun game
Awesome game!
Really cool
Really cool
Kids love it. Then I have to beat their score!
Cool and crazy
Awesomeness
Love it
We love it!!!
If you like Where's my Water, you should Play this.
An awesome way to kill some time
Great game
Great game my 4yr old even loves it
I bought this game and it was perfectly fine yesterday. Today when I was trying to play again, the game froze at the loading before the selection. Mine is galaxy note. Please fix it. Thanks!! Great game though! :)
Great game for all ages
Hi
great game for time pas must try !
This is awesome!
Love it!!! Can't wait to try the new levels!!
Just started playing it as I really enjoyed Where's my water. Great so far..
Tough game
Ppprrreeeetttttyyyyyyyy aawweeeesssooommmeeeee.
It's exactly like "where's my water", if you liked that you'll like this.... However, it's all a bit too easy! Great game though
Went to open this game after playing it for a day and it said it was uninstalled. WTF. Fun to play but, WHY! WHY DID YOU UNINSTALL?!?! Also caused all of my media sound to stop working. All of it. YouTube, brightest flashlight, droidvox, the list goes on and on.
LAVVV IT
Great addition to the series! Want more levels soon tho, to be completely worth buying. Looking forward towards future levels!!!!
Awesome Cool Great  Fun Game
Pretty cool. Worth it.
Very fun game. Pretty much the same thing as "Where's My Water", but the lasers and cut scenes add flare. Runs great on my Nexus 7
Very fun game. Pretty much the same thing as "Where's My Water", but the lasers and cut scenes add flare. Runs great on my Nexus 7
Love it, even better then where's my water! :-)
Love it, even better then where's my water! :-)
Love it
I love this game.  But it is so short.  Please build more levels. *^_^*
Great game fun puzzles an great price. Using on my nexus 7
It is fun
A lil challenging that's why I enjoy it
Excellent game. Worth it.
It's fun!
If you like where's my water you will like this
....you'll love this too!
My son loves Perry
Jfgh
I Love it
Loads of fun
As well as wheres my water its great
As well as wheres my water its great
love both perry and swampy
My kids and I have fun playing this together. Keep up the great work!
I love fixing the backup hydro  generators
Its freaking awesome i luv it im so addicted to this game!!
very well programmed. runs extremely smooth and of course tons of fun
Best game eeeeeever!!!!
Excellent fun. Keep them coming. :-)
Lots of fun, and my daughters love Perry the Platypus!
So much fun!
I play it more than the lil 1's lol great game very addictive
Fun just like where's my water but still good.
Fun just like where's my water but still good.
Fun just like where's my water but still good.
Very fun and addictive
Great adaptation for Perry the Platypus fans. Good physics-based puzzler for other people.
Fun for all ages
Very fun game!!! Content is more than worth the .99
After finishing Where's my Water and still wanting more of the same, I was happy to discover this new entry in the series.
Really dig this game! Pun intended!!
Awesome
Love it.
It is awsome woohoo
I love puzzle games and this is one of my favorites!
Does anyone know why I can't play this game? Samsung jewel. I downloaded it last night and still havent got passed the loading missions screen.
Very similar to wheres my water, but who doesnt love Perry. No issues thus far
game i like it
Just as good. Love it.
Great
Play is great. More levels to play. And the different effects are a nice change.
First I don't think this is a game for adults. Second it is very childish and third it is sooooo funny (the comments and everything.) I also love phineas and ferb.
Great game.
My game does not go past the loading page. I unistalled it and reinstalled it several times but still nothing. Did anybody else have this problem?
Love this game for all ages does not work as well for icona tabs but fav game ever
Needs more levels, but this game rocks!
Great game!  Very addicting
Alsome and awesomeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrr
great..
Fun and very addicting!
Addicting
Addicting
Great game, makes u think,  fun to play with ur kids.
Buy more of this series
Ive just finished the game and im currently waiting for more levels. The only thing i would recommend is to make the water look more realistic. Other then that 10 *'s.
Fun and addicting
Fun and addicting
pretty much the same as wheres my water
5 stars given as great game just like where's my water, but it doesn't open any more on desire s, worked fine when first downloaded
Big Perry fan, love this game
Big Perry fan, love this game
This game is absolute rubbish compared with Where's My Water. Like a cheap knock-off. Very dissapointing. I'm making tea.
My daughter and I love this game
Nice and addicting..like Where's My Water which was the best :)
Can't stop playing this game its so cool
Perfect for passing time. 5 stars.
Very cool, just like Swampy but with goofy comments
Addicted... enough said!
Can't wait for new levels.  Graphics are great on my phone... Google nexus
Great puzzles!  Love the cartoon additions and voices.
Love it. super fun
<3
Same elements as where's my water but different in a good way.
Same elements as where's my water but different in a good way.
Ótimo jogo.
Like getting more "where's my water." A few new twists though. Worth a dollar
Goes by fast, hope they come up with more levels soon! It can be challenging but addicting so I play constantly ..
Goes by fast, hope they come up with more levels soon! It can be challenging but addicting so I play constantly ..
Love it!!
Great addictive game
Good fun
Have to keep charging my phone, I've been playing so much.
I LOVE THIS GAME!!! The only thing that could make it better is to have a set of levels for Dr.D!
Really great app
Amazing game
Awesome app get it
Awesome app get it
Very similar to where's my water.
Awesome game
My daughter loves the show so she loves being able to play the game because Perry is her favorite charactor
My daughter loves the show so she loves being able to play the game because Perry is her favorite charactor
My daughter loves the show so she loves being able to play the game because Perry is her favorite charactor
This game is so much fun. Has great interface and heaps of levels. Can't go wrong for 99c. Get on it!
I FINISH THE ENTIRE GAME... I NEED MORE, LOL.
Really enjoy playing this...makes you think pretty hard sometimes.
Its where's my water awesome I have all the expansion packs for where's my water and ill buy everyone for this game too
Dialogue helps differentiate games, however similarity to the original cheapens experience	A little too similar to the original. Dialogue goes a long way to differentiate the two, however i'd still like to see... Anything from phineas and ferb. Perhaps the 2nd dimension doofenshmirtz can make an appearence, or that Perry?
Awesome
10 stars
Is a must buy !
I absolutely love it!! Just as awesome as where's my water!! Great game my toddler loves it!
Nice
Since I haven't played where's my water this is all new to me, I love phineas and ferb, and I love Perry, so this is great fun!
Love this game.  Better then where's my water.
Challenging and exciting
Total brain trainer and time killer! PLUS, gotta love Phineas and Ferb's platypus Perry!
Total brain trainer and time killer! PLUS, gotta love Phineas and Ferb's platypus Perry!
Love Perry.
My 5 year old daughter and I play together every night, we both love it. Great game.
Fun and addicting!
Excellent
Yaay
Great concept (p&f) for this game!
Danm girl I was playin dis wig me bitches when I found a litlle platapuss
Just like where's my water
Love it...  I mean my kids love Perry!   :-)
Love it...  I mean my kids love Perry!   :-)
Me and my children love this game
Challenging and fun to play!
Just like where's  my water
I wanna be Agent P when I grow up... seriously. Great game though. If you love wmw and Phineus & Ferb, this is a dream come true. If you don't love those things.... THEN YOU SHOULD!!!!
Pretty much the same as where's my water, but that's not a bad thing.
Just as great as where's my water...
Awesome game : )
I can't stop playing it
Love it, but new levels would be greatly appreciated
Love it, but new levels would be greatly appreciated
I enjoyed this game
My son is loving the game
I love this game Its so much fun
Love Perry and love this game. Challenging at times but fun nonetheless
Love Perry and love this game. Challenging at times but fun nonetheless
Love Perry and love this game. Challenging at times but fun nonetheless
I kudos disney when they came up with where's my water ... And now its bested by perry's journey...this will undoubtedly be the best app in my list...the lasers, the dialogues are epic ...even if this game was priced @ 20$, i would have bought it ...kudos disney, miss swampy though...hoping for more exciting levels, just please do not stop updating levels..a must have app for every android user out there....plz release more levels..waiting.
Love it just as much as i love where's my water. Fantastic!!!
Having soo much fun with this game, its worth the dosh!
cool game
:) 2 thumbs up!
Fantastic and fun.  Just as hard to put down as 'Where's My Water'.  :-)
nice and easy
This game rocks!!!! I like it better than wheres my water!!!!
Very addictive.. waiting for more levels..
Very addictive.. waiting for more levels..
I love phinius annd ferb but no one compares to perry!
Love it just like swampy and cranky!!!
Love it just like swampy and cranky!!!
My daughter loves it, easier than where's my water
I LOVE PERRY THE PLATYPUS!!!
Keeps me entertained!! Which makes it good.
Love it
Love it
Good graphics and fluid simple  addicting puzzles
I am 6 and I love this game.
I am 6 and I love this game.
My son and I love this game
Great game
More levels please!
Great fun. Just like Where's my water but with my favorite Agent.
Great game
I love this game! I loved where's my water also!
Lots of fun, more challenging than I thought it would be. Can't wait for new levels!
Its fun and just awesome. One of the best games. Please hurry and bring out more levels :) thank you
Love it on my lg spectrum
Love it on my lg spectrum
Was hooked on where's my water. Now I'm hooked on this. Love it!
I'm driven to finish the game. All the levels are a lot of fun.
I'm driven to finish the game. All the levels are a lot of fun.
Best game ever
My kids and I love this game. I love that it isn't brainless and requires a bit of thought. We are anxiously awaiting new levels!
This game is very addicting!!!!
I love this  game!!!
It is good but same as where is my water. Keep one of them only
Awwesome
I purchased this game even though I've completed every level of Where's my water?  and I'm happy I did.  The puzzles are new and the game mechanics have changed enough to be familiar yet challenging in new and rewarding ways.
Buy Where's My Water first. If you love that then get this.
Even more fun
Need more levels
Money well spent, great game for all
Money well spent, great game for all
Great game, addictive n fun for filling spare time, running well on ICS update
Great game, addictive n fun for filling spare time, running well on ICS update
It is so awsome
PERRY!! WORKS GREAT
The same exact gameplay as 'Where's my Water?' with a few extra gimmicks thrown in. Still a brilliant game. I hope Disney supports this as extensively as Swampys Story!
Alot of fun
Basically Where's My Water but with a twist. I love the rays and steam, ice, etc. Well worth the money!
I love it
this game is pretty addicting . you want put it down until the next game that comes out.
Разрешение контента маловато, а в остальном не хуже свомпи. Разрабатывала, кстати, другая контора.
Awesome game
Crashes if no connectivity
Great game! 4 y/o loves it!  Makes me have to think too.
Nice. Fun game.
Haters Gonna Hate..
Huge time eater. Too fun.
Need I say more, good fun for my 5yr old and myself.
Good but to short
Needs more levels!
This game awesome..
Lots of fun
Very similar to where's my water.
Just like wheres my water.
im really enjoying this game but theres one issue. im using korean as my system language on my phone, and its a hassel having to change the language into english just to play this game. please fix the crash problem when the phones i. korean language.
im really enjoying this game but theres one issue. im using korean as my system language on my phone, and its a hassel having to change the language into english just to play this game. please fix the crash problem when the phones i. korean language.
Excellent!
If you like Where's my water, you'll love this game.
Silly and cute - if you like that sort of thing, you'll lile this game.
Great game
Challenging and lots of fun
I enjoy the game as much as my kids (8 and 6). Fun challenges.
this is a new twist on disney's other game where is the water, but more fun.
This game is incredibly fun for both adults and children. It's heavily logic based and lots of fun for all ages. Totally worth the money
Just by looking you can tell its fun almost confusing and its the first top paid so its gonna be really fun just by looking at it
Just by looking you can tell its fun almost confusing and its the first top paid so its gonna be really fun just by looking at it
Love it!!!
Good game, very challanging when you get to the higher levels but the app works well with my galaxy s....i like it :) It makes you use your brain to solve these puzzles. Perfect puzzle game I was looking for!
Great game
Great game.
Let's face it, this just Where's My Water reloaded. But who cares? It's just as much fun!
Awesome game so entertaining and plus I yous to watch pheneas an ferb
More of the same wmw but still very good.
Such a great game ......
Good value for money. Really enjoying this game since I purchased it yesterday. Recommend to anyone who wants a challenging game which has loads of levels and hard to put down!
I liked this as much as it's counter part.....
The only game that i would consider actually buying on the market
:)
awesome game using the basic physics of our life... thumbs up if you too love this game!
This game is awesome. Totally addicted. Would recommend it to anyboby
So cool
So cool
It's Where's My Water under a different premise. Which is still very fun.
It's Where's My Water under a different premise. Which is still very fun.
Fun, funny! Great way.to pass the time. Had a little freezing , I couldn't dig so I had to reset.the game. After that,.I was fine. Don't let Agent P down!
Addict and great game.now im waiting for the next level update
The developer did a great job of adding new elements of gameplay of a familiar game in a quirky new package.
I like it.
Very fun love it!!!!!!!!!!
Best game I have!!
Fun game, love the show so am happy to see a game finally!
Kids love it keeps them occupied for hours. If I let them.
It's like Where's Water, but with a wise cracking antagonist. The dialog will make you smile.
If you like where's my water you'll like this.
Excellent app for all ages, just hope you get the same amount of levels as in where's my water!!!!
Great game
Is super cool and fun
Really good fun puzzle game play. Simple fun which is easy to drop in and out of. Exactly what is needed on a phone.
Very fun !!
More levels as soon as you can please....
Love it #PhineasAndFerbFan
Very fun, funny, and a great value at 99 cents!
This game is every bit as good as " Where's My Water".  This game makes you think and will have you captivated for hours.
No issues, runs great on a MyTouch 4G Slide.
Lots of fun
Lots of fun
Love it
Love it
Great!!!!!
just like where's my water just different. hours of fun.
just like where's my water just different. hours of fun.
just like where's my water just different. hours of fun.
Perfect game for the price.
Perfect game for the price.
I love it
Great game, easy for the kids to learn how to play yet it provides a challenge.
Very fun game. Addicting.
It is fun
Soooo challenengingggg
Great game.
A very fun game!
Love it
I loved Where's My Water and I love Phineas&Ferb. What more can I say? :-)
Cool game. Love it...
An entertaining game that makes you sometime think outside the box
Alot like wheres my water but with some different tools. I really like it. Worth the money.
As a fan of Where's My Water, I already knew what to expect going in. Between the new characters, the witty dialog and the new gameplay dynamics, this game shows us that you can make a sequel that is as enjoyable and unique as the original. Don't expect to get any work done once you start playing this one!
As a fan of Where's My Water, I already knew what to expect going in. Between the new characters, the witty dialog and the new gameplay dynamics, this game shows us that you can make a sequel that is as enjoyable and unique as the original. Don't expect to get any work done once you start playing this one!
Best game ever made
Tons of levels and exciting hidden files...can't wait for my kid to play it!  Hehehe
It cool
If I could this would get one million stars.  Love it
This you can use dr.doof's inventions to make the water steam,ice, or just stay water. And if you are thinking about getting it get it ask your parent and click install now!
Great game alround.
Great game.
Great game.
Cool game!
Strongly suggested
More please
Good
I absolutely love this game! It rockz! Everyone in the family can play for hours! I highly recommend this game to everyone it takes family game night to a whole new level!!!! One little thing please add more levels!!!!    *****    :-)
Phineas and ferb!!
xD I LOVE IT!!
Where's my water on steroids
When trying to play the final section. Fix and its five stars. Better than where's my water
Great game!!!!!!!!!
Anyone who likes phineas and ferb will totally get a kick out of this one, much better than the way too cheesy where's my water songs/ sounds
Totally addicted
Just like Where's My Water.
Great fun playing all four levels and earning all the achievements. Can't wait for more levels in the update. I only wish that there be a way to move dirt, not just cut.
;)
;)
Awesome
I love it
Fun game
Great game
Nice game.. Totally addictive :)
Like it's sibling, Where's My Water, WMP is great fun with a good learning curve. It's not just a re-branding though - there are new tools to use and obstacles to overcome. And it's got Perry. Who doesn't like Perry?
A different twist on Where's my water.
Love this game it's so much fun!!!
Love this game it's so much fun!!!
Purchased and it won't work on my htc desire hd , 4.0.4 version. Also where is my water is also not working! What the hell? Fizika it or refund money
My son just loves this game, he`s never put it down, so much fun!
This is a must have app
I think that this game is great very creative and encourages my four year olds thinking skills
This is a fun game and though it is similar to the game, Where's My Water, it has enough uniqueness to be different and not repetitive. It's addicting and will help you when you to burn time.
Hey, where's Perry?  This game is addicting as it is fun and cerebral. The fact that it's Phineas and Ferb is a plus.
I love where's my water so I love this I really like Dr. D's inventions :)
Great for kids and grown-ups
Very fun
Love it
Love it
People say its just like Disney's other app, "Where's My Water" and indeed it is. However after playing this game it has funny little dialogue while solving the puzzles. Characters, along with their personalitites, include: Perry the Platypus, Heinz Doofenshmirtz, Major Monogram, and Carl liven up the game. The app also provides mini films in the briefing room between Agent P (Perry the Platypus) , Major Monogram and Carl.  Overall: cute, fun, and my younger sister ADORES watching me assist Agent P.
Love it!
Identical to where's my water
I love this game and so do my kids
Great game and only a buck!
Much like Where's My Water, and just as fun
Hell yeah
Same concept...fun game!
So fun for my kids AND me!
My boys just love the show and he really is enjoying the game .
Had Where's my water, passed all the Levels and asking for more.. Got this one and i like it a lot.. Highly recommend it.
A harder version of water.
Good game but it has some problems with that needs to be fixed so my phone won't show the game blurry.
Its Perry!!  Common of course its awsome!!  Lol
Best game ever its so fun I play it almost every day!  :-)
It's a good game
Great
Very addicting!
I love this game and find it challenging. I love a challenge.
One star for Disney team, as I purchased Cranky's story and Where's my water and on the next day they became unsuported for my desire s with the last update 3 months ago.
One star for Disney team, as I purchased Cranky's story and Where's my water and on the next day they became unsuported for my desire s with the last update 3 months ago.
Still the same game that u love, with some cool new challenges!
The game rocks and its better than wheres my water
Lots of fun!
Great, though does freeze on occasion
Love the brand and wonders if the scenarios are ever gonna run out
I love this game it help me pass time
I love "Where's My Water". Now to add Agent P. to the mix is awesome. Keep the updates coming. These games are so addictive.
It's a cool game
This is a very fun and addicting game that will eat up time.
This is a very fun and addicting game that will eat up time.
Works great with the s pen and with out using it. The game runs smooth on my phone.
Fuk u nigga
So fun! Love it!
Just like where's my water.
Better than Where's My Water, similar but improved. And lots of fun with Perry and the other characters
I can't get enough of 'Where's My Water?'. This is tiding me over nicely while I wait for new levels.
Just what our five year old likes.
Freaking cool
nuff said
Really good game play...fun and challenging....
Keep them coming!.
Cant stop playing this game
Works great looks great and my son loves it.
I bought this for my kid to play with in the car.  Because i only have a wifi tablet, it totally will not work.  The requirement to have an Internet connection isn't mentioned anywhere in the product description.  ZERO STARS DISNEY.
Same idea as WMW but it moves much better,  more fluidly.
I loved where's my water but suddenly it was no longer compatible with my HTC. Please don't take this away !
I hate when I buy a game and bam! To get more levels purchase that and so on. I already paid. Here you hours of fun for 99c. Great game!
I hate when I buy a game and bam! To get more levels purchase that and so on. I already paid. Here you hours of fun for 99c. Great game!
Love Perry . Can never play just one level.
Absolutely worth the price.if you liked where's my water, then you will like this very much as well.same basic principle with enough to make it different.
Beltin!
Love it!
Where's My Perry is just as much fun as its predecessor.  This game is well worth the price of admission.  I give it a rating of 5 BA BA BOOIES.
Excellent
Hell yeah me likey very much !
Well worth the money if u love where's my water u will love this!!!
Pretty much the same as "Where's my water?". However it regularly crashes, annoyingly meaning I have to reboot my Samsung GS2. Otherwise as entertaining like wmw.
Awesome app
I like it so much as all of this company games.
Too cute. If you love where's my water, you should get this one. 5 stars for it..... good job!
Cool
My kids loved where's my water and Perry, so this is the perfect marriage! Plus it is Disney, what could be better?
A great little puzzle game that keeps you coming back for more.
Like where's my water, buy it.
Highly enjoyable for both me and my son great graphics and loads of levels can't go wrong
Love wheres my water and this is more of the same but in a spy stylee. Great fun!
Great humour and a great game - must get if you like Phineas and Ferb!
Its just plain fun
Display is not sharp. It's pixelated and stretched. SGSII
Great game...where's my water but little easier.
If you love Where's my Water and want some new levels with the added bonus of Perry, buy this!
Love this game!
A fun app for just passing time.
I loved where's my water but I love Phineas and ferb even more so this app is great.
Oooooooooooooöoooooooooo
Awesome fun .... Not as challenging as wheres my water.
I played where's my water... Then I found out about this game and I had to have it... Fun and addicting.
This is the coolest game ever! I love the character interactions!
You have to be very clever to play this :p highly addictive!!
Great combination of puzzle and strategy
Awesome game
Awesome work.  My kids love it
Fun
For the price of this game its well worth it I think this version is even better then the original where's my water
I like this game  a lot
Good game
Great game.  Love the creativity and levels!!!
Very entertaining!
Super fun!
Even as a mid twenties gal, I'm obsessed. Fun game play and decent challenge.
Liked it
Cool. Game
Enough different than WMW to be a challenge.
Realy fun game it passes the time
Fun game
Love it
Great game is really entertaining lol
Like it
Agent D is on a Mission! Fun and more challenging at times than WMW.
Needs more levels!! But overall good and fun game!!!
Very fun
This game Is coooooool. Just like Where's My Water but at the same time different, get it! Its worth it!
This game is gteat
Alot like Where's My Water,  but enough different to make it fun
If you like Swampy, you'll love Perry!
Great game
Love it! Great where's my water port! Only 99¢ can't beat the price! Get it now!
Beat everything in two days.. Way to easy.
Totally amazing game. Can't wait for the new levels.
Totally amazing game. Can't wait for the new levels.
Like where's my water but better. You must get it.
It's got Perry in it. I don't even need to play it to know it's good!
An improvement of where's my water. Just hope that it's going to be updated alot like it's predecessor
Cool
If you havent bought the original this is a fun one to have
Better than Where's My Water!
Galaxy tab 10.1 wifi, very good game on the same lines of where's my water
The comments on "what could be taking you so long" are really making me upset! Let me enjoy the game and don't tell me I'm slow!!! Wtf
Love it
Great cartoon modern art and good fun to play
Me gusta El Juego!!!
Me gusta El Juego!!!
Its addictive as where's my water. Just cant stop playing
Addiction at its finest!!
Its addicting and challenging !!! Loveeee perry and dr.EVIL
Had so much fun playing!
This app is very similar to the great "Where's My Water" app, but with some adorable and ingenious Phinius and Ferb twists of its own! Hard to put down whether you're 5 or 50, this game is worth every penny.
Great Make new levels
Our boys love  This game!
And so do I!  Been playing on ipad all week and was waiting for it to hit Play!
Almost as good as where's my water. Very, very similar.
I've completed the entire game! more levels please :)
With new levels
I found this game is awesome as where's my water. Tricky. Hope there are some hidden stage as well.
But different. Enjoying it.
But different. Enjoying it.
very good
Brill!!
Love the show, love wheres my water, and this is even better  ...than the game
Yes, this is essentially where's my water with a perry theme but the levels are new, the mechanics are changed a I love perry so totally worth it.
Yes, this is essentially where's my water with a perry theme but the levels are new, the mechanics are changed a I love perry so totally worth it.
Yes, this is essentially where's my water with a perry theme but the levels are new, the mechanics are changed a I love perry so totally worth it.
game
Don't start playing this game if you don't wanna be super awesome
Having so much fun playing this with my daughter.
Fun
Good stuff H
Changing review because what is wrong with me. This game is great! I just need more levels lol!
Alot like where's my water but still tons of fun
Really good for wasting time. It is kinda easy but.....totally fun
Exactly the same game as Where's My Water but with the cartoon themed graphics. Gnomes=ducks. Other than that its still a lot of fun if you liked and already finished WMW.  Not sure why they didn't just add these levels to WMW instead of pretending its a different game and charging separately for it.
Exactly the same game as Where's My Water but with the cartoon themed graphics. Gnomes=ducks. Other than that its still a lot of fun if you liked and already finished WMW.  Not sure why they didn't just add these levels to WMW instead of pretending its a different game and charging separately for it.
It's a copy of the original but can we get some intricate and more unique situations?
Love where's my water! Gotta love where's my Perry!
It helps children to think, something not very common on kid's games.
Th gx furthEr McCabe Ghent b° c vrvg CV vcvcccvfffffffffffffffffffffffff dffffffdffvvfvfffffffffdffffffff ggf
this game is super  beast and agent P ....ahhhh best ever
This game does not work.
So much to enjoy about this game.... It's worth the dollar!!!
Has a few welcome additions to where is my water, but not that much to become an entirely new game
Great game
Great game
Great game and addictive!!! :)
Never played where's my water but this game is lotts of fun & time consuming
If you like Swampy you will love this app
If you like Swampy you will love this app
I love this game..its great..well worth the money..thanks
Awesome games
I thought where's my water was great this is even better!
Its a great game i love the mission the ballon missions it was worth to pay.
worth every penny
QWERTY
I really like this game. Waiting on more levels.
Fun and creative as expected.  But kind of buggy, and the graphics are grainy on smaller mobile devices. Ie Droid incredible 1
Where's my perry is like where's my water but much more fun according 2 me! This is an awesome game totally worth the 99 cents!
Brillll
Everyone loves Perry
Love it ! Challenging but fun
Great fun. Faster loading and smoother than its predecessor.
Worth the .99!!
Great game for kids and adults.
Addictive !!!
Same idea but still better.
Definitely worth the few pennies it costs! More levels can easily be added
Easy enough for my kids to play.
Good puzzle game, great graphics, and plenty if replay value trying to perfect levels.
Excellent work Agent P  Tip: Touch the little duck at the credits for a secret level
Amazing!
Absolutely love it! SGS3 Tel$tra
So very addictive
I love this game
Waiting for new challenges!
Awesome game
Awesome game
This is a great game not only did it suck me in but my kid love's it and it is challenging for him keep the levels coming
Very addictive game! & alot mind thinking.
Very addictive game! & alot mind thinking.
I LOVE this game and just can't get enough. I was worried at first with no demo. BUT if you like Where's my water? Don't worry. :)
I never played the original, but this one is a total time killer that is worth the buck!
Great extension to where's my water..nd pery is way too cute..loved him in the cartoon as well..:)
It works perfectly on galaxy nexus. Levels are much more interesting than in previous game.
But still a huge amiunt of fun
My two girls ages 9 and 6 love this game, and so do my husband and I now for more new levels! I've beaten everything!
My two girls ages 9 and 6 love this game, and so do my husband and I now for more new levels! I've beaten everything!
Great game with the best agent ever!!!
Top quality
a lot of thought was put into this game.
Just like Where's my Water, but Perry-themed. Same great gameplay, but new rules. If you liked Where's my Water and were hoping for more of the same fun, this is it.
Love it lot of fun to be had by all.
Better than the original
Like wheres my water
Just like weres my water witch is good can't wait for leavels must get
Great game. After I finished Wheres my Water I was yearning for something similar, and this did the trick!
Freaking awesome! Twist on WMW!!! Woohoo!
I LOVE IT
This is awesome
Could play it all day and not get bored.
Excellent game, like his predecessor (where's my water?), love it, addictive, nice work disney!
If you liked Where's my water? you'll love this!
Enjoyable. Easy to play. Funny dialogue during missions.
Good game. If you enjoy wheres my water youll enjoy this.
This is awesome! I love to play it!
As a fan of the series and 'Where's My Water?' I am really enjoying this app.
Totally addictive
Absolutely love this game, Where's my water meets one on the coolest semi aquatic secret agent in a game of logic and skill.
I finished the whole game in a fairly short amount of time, but that being said, it is still cheaper and more entertaining than most movie rentals!
I finished the whole game in a fairly short amount of time, but that being said, it is still cheaper and more entertaining than most movie rentals!
Excellent game, keeping all family involved - including my 3-years and 10-years old sons!
I have an 8yr old and an 18 month old and they both love this game. It's so much fun! Wish it had more levels.
Great game, same platform as wheres my water but who cares! Fun to play.
Fun use of the p and f characters
I love Perry n I love this game
Not as good as WMW but still the same loving game
awesome game if you like wheres my water you will like this one too
If you like Where's my water you're going to love this one too.
Good
Super fun....great game.
I am a 17 year old boy, I watch the show with my little sister and downloaded this game so she could play it on my phone. Now I find myself playing it constantly!
Love it perry is so adorable want to eat him!
I love this game!!!! I love Perry his my favorite!!!♥
I Dare You to play this game
Great for my kids but I also find myself playing it when I travel.
Kids love it......
Ace
Good
Coolest game
Coolest game
this is just as much fun as wheres my water and although same concept the difference is in the ways u have to change the liquid to steam or ice etc. nicely designed and good graphics. def worth 60p-ish. get it u wont regret it.
기본언어를 영어로 하고 해보세요들 재미만 있구만 ㅇㅇ 아직 한글판이 안나와서 그럼
Although I finished the game in less than two hours, I'm very happy with the game. Very addictive, fun and different. Disney is doing amazing job developing these games. Well done!
Love this app heaps of fun haven't put it down since I got it!!
A fun game!
Same style of where my water but still fun. Hope can see two games cross over
Fun game for those of you addicted to "Where's my Water" like I am!
I love this game it is so fun and very addictive
Challenging and lots of fun!
Alot more fun byt still makes you think- My daughter lovr es P&F so this is right up her alley.
Uninstalling maybe buy again later.
Awesome game!!
Awesome game!!
Awesome game!!
Awesome game!!
Just perfect AGAIN!
Smooth play,  fun
Good
Very like wheres my water, perfect puzzle to pass time, feels like an awesome expansion pack
Another surprisingly good Disney app. Not as polished (graphically) as Where's My Water, but equally as fun. If you liked Where's My Water, then you will like this.
Great game. Recommend to all!
Nice spin on where's my water
Great
Lots of fun
I can finally buy games and this was my first choose
I love it sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much
I love it sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much
this app is awesome when i got where's my water free when it was filling the tub it to me to to the menu on my tablet but now i can play it but better
...n fun!
Works great. Very challenging at times but not too hard. The commentaries by characters are hilarious.
Works great. Very challenging at times but not too hard. The commentaries by characters are hilarious.
I downloaded this game for my son and I ended up playing it as much as him. it makes you use problem solving and really think. its a constructive game and its lots of fun!! highly recommend!
Love it...easy to play for kids too
Follows Where's My Water well
I really like the game has everything i like from wheres my water but has new challenges lags sometimes but doesnt affect gameplay recommend
Super fun, great upgrade from Where's My Water!
Althought tooo similar to whers my water. Great game.
My four year old and I love this game!
My four year old and I love this game!
Love the theme
Where's My Perry? is by far the best game I have played.It is just like Where's My Water? but with a classic T.V. show. Buy it you will love it. :)
One of the best games cell phone
If you like swampy this is more of the same. Different theme and some humour thrown in. And like swampy. This is a cool game
Lots of fun.
I love perry
I love perry
Best - Paras!
Best - Paras!
Good game. No real difference between WMW. But still good way to pass the time. My nephew loves it and he's 5. It's not as challenging as original was, so he doesn't get frustrated with the puzzles like he used to with WMW. He enjoys the lasers, making steam/ice and beating Dr. D. All in all totally worth the $1 I spent. :-)
My son loves this game. Hes beter at it than I am
Pretty good game
DL'd for my seven year old daughter but I am the one addicted to it.
I loved where's my water, and where's my Perry is a great progression from that!
I loved where's my water, and where's my Perry is a great progression from that!
I love Perry the Platypus! Best character ever!
Love this game. Very addictive. A little easy to start but gets challenging as it goes on.
We love Phineas & Ferb and now we can play with Perry when we're not at home! My children, 3 and 5, enjoy the noises and expressions Perry makes as they figure out how to get him down the tube. I would say if you love Perry, Phineas and Ferb get this game to play with your kids, to watch your kids play or like I do play it yourself! It makes you use your brain and it's fun!! Thanks Disney for making safe, fun and user friendly games that also make you use your brain! :)
So much fun!
Love it!!!!
This game is so fun and addicting. Keeps you busy for hours!!!!!
Where's my sexy is more like it.
Where's my Perry follows very much in the footsteps of Where's my Water, but I'm wondering if it isn't aimed at a slightly younger audience as the levels are considerably easier to solve. Despite this i don't think this detracts at all from it being a very enjoyable game.
Where's my Perry follows very much in the footsteps of Where's my Water, but I'm wondering if it isn't aimed at a slightly younger audience as the levels are considerably easier to solve. Despite this i don't think this detracts at all from it being a very enjoyable game.
Need more levels!
Perry is my favorite!
Loved "Where's My Water?" but "Where's My Perry?" is even better!
Loveit play it all the time
Mad i wasted money on dis
Love it.
Lots of fun to play this with my 3 year old son.
Best game ever!!" Great job Disney
A continuation of the best game in the play store.
Love it
Love it
I love the cartoon and this game goes right along with it. This is like where is my water but with a better set of characters.
Good
Wonderful game! It would be nice not having to see advertisement for other games in the menus to start the game. Being able to hide facebook and twitter integration would also be good.
That is all
Really fun and addictive
Good
Great
love this game. gets the mind working and the kids love it too
Sooooo much fun.
Pues como es logico es muy paresido a la version pasada, algunos niveles tienen detalles nuevos.
The graphics are great, very high quality game. Challenging yet not frustrating.
This is a great game
Who dsnt love Perry and where's my water?? My kids love it and so do I.... Spanning generations!
It jus plain nice
I love this game solo much!!!!  It's a good game to pass time with!!!!
I love this game solo much!!!!  It's a good game to pass time with!!!!
I enjoy this more than Where's my water, because od the characters from Phineas and Ferb
I enjoy this more than Where's my water, because od the characters from Phineas and Ferb
It just likd wheres my water
Gnarly.
As good as WMW but with a cool P&F twist.
Great game for the cost. Very addicting!!!
This game is geat...better than Where's my water!!!
Addicted!
Great Game
This game is very fun and challenging.
It's fun to see a new and different take on Swampy's world.
Very addictive
Great game!
Love the new look and feel to the classic wmw gameplay. Lasers are awesome!
My kids love it, thank you
Love the game. It's just awesome. Love the new character Perry. Just expecting a little new interactions with machines. Otherwise overall it's a must play game.
Looovee it
Good clean fun for the whole family.  ;-)
It good. Kids like it a lot
Super fun
As good as where's my water.
love it
Excellent game and true to the cartoon.
Love Agent P!
my son will love this. I've spent a of time on it myself, well worth the .99
My son loves where's my water and loves this just as much
My son loves where's my water and loves this just as much
Very addicting to play
I love this game and i love how doofensmirts, major monogram, and carl talk to you throughout the game- Alexa
I love this game and i love how doofensmirts, major monogram, and carl talk to you throughout the game- Alexa
This game is awesome my son love u guys because he loves Phineas and Ferb
This game is awesome my son love u guys because he loves Phineas and Ferb
Fantastic!  Different enough from Where's My Water to set it apart.  Both fantastic games!
Nice
Perry &  are married
Best game...love it...
Great game addicting
Love how they introduced steam and ice into it.
Love it
Not bad. :)
samething as Wheres My Water but still just as fun
This game is realy good and its worth the price.Epic game!!!!!!
It is better than WMW - Almost.  Great game.
This game is pretty addictive!
puzzling
Where's My Perry is an addictive, challenging puzzler loaded with the humor from Phineas & Ferb. Fans of all ages will enjoy this game.
The game is fun to play and is a great time killer.
Like it... good for everyone... hope the new levels come soon
The gameplay is really addicting.
Even BETTER than Where's My Water!!!  I am HOOKED on this game!!!!
Even BETTER than Where's My Water!!!  I am HOOKED on this game!!!!
Love it!
Great time waster!!!
Great game
My kids are upset because they can't play a level unless I've already gotten it solved!  Ages four and up lived it in our house!
I love it! Makes me soooo happy!
Great game! Keeps my kids occupied for ages
:)
If you like Where's My Water, this is for you.
I absolutely love this game! Addictingly fun!
Both my kids love this game! Ages 3 & 5
I just loooove it!!!
Im a huge fan of WMW so of course...
Sounds and plot are a bit rubbish, however graphics and gameplay are great fun. Highly recommended.
good game to play!
Awesome
As always
Especially the Firefly references! ;-)
Especially the Firefly references! ;-)
Better buy this than the Mystery Ducks. New levels, same idea, some new tools/elements compared to WMW.
Awesome game!
It's a fun puzzle game, plus it's only .99 cents
Fun
Great puzzles, and different challenges from Where's My Water.
pretty much the same as [where's my water] but with new features
Great sequel to Where's my Water. This one is much more fun.
This game has freezed up my phone so many times.  It is a very fun game without the glitches.
Where's my water and Where's my Perry and the best game/apps ever!
I'm a big fan of Phineas and Ferb as well as Where's My Water. This is the perfect combo. Well done and fun.
As a Perry fanatic this game hits the spot! totally worth downloading <3
Just like Swampy!!
Love it
Awesome
Just as good, if not better, than Where's my Water.
I love P&F and wheres my water best game ever
The perfect continuation of 'Where's My Water' with fresh stories, animations, and more challenges!
I love Phineas and Ferb and this game is fantastic.
I Seriously enjoy this game! Great design and loads of fun. :)
Must download!!
We both enjoy it, me and my 6years old
I bought this for my son who is four and he loves it.... When I let him play it :-) I love it!
It's Perry meets Where's My Water... how can you go wrong???
Awesome
My new favourite games. It's like a improved where my water. The best 69p I have spent in ages
My new favourite games. It's like a improved where my water. The best 69p I have spent in ages
Great puzzles, having fun figuring things out!
Great! Absolutely worth the money! Highly addictive!
Fantastic
Kids love it! I love it! Highly Addictive!
To wheres my water.
Its cool you have to get it:)¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Was jonesing for some more Where's my water and this fills the bill wonderfully. Just different enough. Love it.
Fun and just as addictive as swampy.
Fun and just as addictive as swampy.
If you enjoy Where's my water, you will enjoy this game as well
 Works perfectly on my HTC Inspire.
And it's NOT like playing "Where's My Water" over again!
I am a addict of this game...haha
We love Perry!!
it is so fun my son and daughter actualy fight over who gets it first in the mornings
it is so fun my son and daughter actualy fight over who gets it first in the mornings
Totally awsome
Love the game but it should be free if you only offering four chapters. Now its a waiting game. It's basically the same concept as where's my water, but I like the fact you have the ice and fire to overcome early in the chapters. Looking forward to additional chapters
I'm loving this game!
Yes, it's a bit similar to the original, but it's fun, addictive and enjoyable nevertheless. Trust me if you enjoyed the original Where's My Water? This will definitely not disappoint. I greatly recommend it... This game still is a nice brain buster and the new additions add to the game play.
I love this game. It is so fun.
More level please
Time eater
I love puzzle games, and, let's face it... Everything is better with Perry!
Really enjoying this game so far
Very worth buying!
Absolutely love this game!
A+
Family fun!
love it
Pretty much the same as Water. But still great.
Honestly, this is one of the most fun puzzle games I've played in a while. Highly recommended.
This and weres my water are the best games eva
It's basically where's my water... But if you've already completed WMW then the extra content is definitely worth the asking price.
Very similar to where's my water but with enough of a twist to make the game worth getting.
It is where's my water but with agent p :-D
You can expect an app this good after playing where's my water?!!!
Whole family loves this game
Satisfyingly challenging!
Seperti "wheres my water" tetapi dgn karakter perry dan tujuan mengirim perry ke markas rahasia. Dengan bbrp tambahan dan desain level yang berbeda
Seperti "wheres my water" tetapi dgn karakter perry dan tujuan mengirim perry ke markas rahasia. Dengan bbrp tambahan dan desain level yang berbeda
Fills the void when I have played all the Where's My Water. Just as fun & my son loves it.
Loving it
Takes care of the wait for more wmw? Levels! Well worth the price tag, especially when you factor in future free levels.
Great game!
Awesome. Kids love it
Nice game. Who doesn't love Perry, Dr. D, Monogram & Carl. Love all the levels,  worth the $ and challenging too.
Just great.
whats there not to love about agent p
whats there not to love about agent p
It's fun for the family.
Very cute game.  Very  addicting!
But need more levels
Great graphic
Awesome. Great levels. Fun hidden gems. I can't stop playing.
Enjoying it
Worth every cent!
I liked it
Lots of fun for Phinius and Ferb fans!
I like it a lot more than where's my water. Also graphics are nice and smooth! Sony Xperia Play
Just like Where's My Water, And I Can't get enough
Its a glorified where's my water sequel. But there really is nothing wrong with that. WMW was one of the best android games available. U will replay levels over and over until u get 3 gnomes. Great game!!!
Better than Where's My Water, imho. A great game for any fan of the best fedora-wearing secret agent with good vocal jokes as well.
I love these stress relievers!!! Fun game!!! Love where's my water also!!!
Much harder levels than where's my water!
I added this for my son.....but I can't stop playing myself!
ONE OF THE BEST APPS EVER
Awesome and Addicting
Awesome and Addicting
Works...good...on my DROID RAZR
Just as fun as "Where's My Water?."
Great game. Just as good as where's my water.
I finished it fast. I think its a bit easier then wheres my water but still fun. Ive had it glitch a few times with it running and I text or get a call the touch wont work or it just wont load. Htc evo design
Nice app, but coulb be better
This game is addictive. A lil more challenging than Swampy. Be warned. Don't let your kid click on "unlock now" feature or you'll be charged $1.99 for new levels.
Another "Where is my water?"-like puzzle. Keep up the good work!
'Where's My Water' is probably my favorite game I found to play. So I jumped at 'Perry' and found that it is just as fun to play. And even better with all the verbal add-ins throughout. Worth every cent!!
Great game but not as good as the original where's my water. I find the characters in where's my water much better than where's my perry.
Totally worth the price...is so much fun
This game is so much fun
Amazing
It's the great Where's My Water gameplay with a little Phineas & Ferb thrown in.  Can't wait to see what else gets added in the future.  The only knock I have on the game is the ad for Where's My Water on the main menu, it should be dismissible.
Good game. Might get boring if you play it all the time though...
Worthy of the Where's My Water namesake.  I know nothing of Phineas and Ferb, but this game is extremely fun.  Looking forward to the new free levels.
Fun. Good graphics. Levels make you think.
This will be lots of fun for u and ur family this is a must download and a great game a t a low price don't rate it one star just cuz u think its a reap lay or a waste of money play it a while and ull get the hang of it a great physics based game with the help of inators and gadgets
Absolutely Disney doesn't disappoint at all super fun.
If you love where's my water then you'll love this too!
Unlike Angry Birds, Where's My Water? did some new and entertaining things with their sequel. Doofenshmirtz is the best character on the show, with Perry a close second! If you liked solving Swampy's bathtime blues, you'll love fixing Agent P's tube troubles!
Great game for all ages
Even more fun than Where's My Water.. Awesome
I love this game so much and its so funny just like the tv show on disney channel
Must download. Plays very smoothly on Motorola Droid Razr Maxx
An easier version of where's my water but still engaging an fun
Awesome! Love this game.
Love this game
I'm a big fan of where's my water and other puzzle games... Although its similar to where's my water as the idea of the game its more challenging. Not to mention I LOVE Perry!!! I would have paid $5 for this game. Disney makes great games
And I love it :)
Another where's my water makes me very happy! I'm even considering checking out the show now...I've seen it play after avengers and Spiderman but wasn't sure it was for me but rather for kids...and not sure if this is the same show
This game is great, it's every thing I love about Where's My Water but with the amazing charm of Phineas and Ferb. Great for fans of the show and love puzzles!
Works great on both my samsung galaxy tab s 2 and my Droid bionic.
It is very good. I love it!!! !¡! :-)
Almost as much fun as where's my water!
Not as fun as the original wheres my water but good
Where's My Water with Agent P? Ferb, I know what I'm gonna be doing all day!
Please improve graphics on LG optimus v.
Please improve graphics on LG optimus v.
More Disney excellence. Easy buy
My 5 year old & I both love this game!
Don't let the ease of it fool you. This app can keep you going for a while!
Good game!
But need to improve the graphic and advanture game..
Love this game its simple and fun :)
Coooool!
Coooool!
Coooool!
Great game. No issues
My game simply doesn't install. After it finishes download, my game's status changes to downloading and remains stuck there.
Love this game, really fun.
It's fun
Just as great as where is my water!! Great job!!
Awesome.
Awesome.
Love this game even more than Where's My Water because it's got Perry!
I love it!!!
Great game
Wheres my water and agent p.....awesome app
I am grown but I like the show and this game is as addictive as Where's My Water I'm hooked and it run perfect on my new Galaxy S3.....
Cool
Great fun humor and voices are great addition to the wheres my water basic game !
Just as good as Where's my Water?
Great game A+
Great game A+
So much fun and enough different from Where's My Water to warrant the purchase!
Hard game but fun
Great game!
Like where's my water this game is amazing and stupendously addictive..
Awsome
Great fun game
Great fun game
Good game
Good game
Good game
Just need to fix some bugs
My 11 year old and i both love this game.  I have it on our iPods and my Android devices.  A great buy!
Just like Wheres my water by Disney - Is it wrong I'm 28 and find this fun???
I've never watched the show, but the design is cute, and the game play is excellent. Worth paying for.
You can call him agent P. Nice twist on where's my water.
You can call him agent P. Nice twist on where's my water.
As fun as Where's my water
Great addition to the physics puzzle genre
This game is awesone, excelent gameplay
Love our Perry
More water!
Buy it, if u havnt already your tripping.
Buy it, if u havnt already your tripping.
Es más complejo que swampy
I think I'm more addicted to this than my kid is!  :-)
This game is a wonderful addition to the "Where's My...?" series! Can't wait for more updates!
I love where's my water and this is just as much fun :)
Same as where's my water so its good
Just when I'm about to get tired waiting for Swampy's update, this game came in with a classic Where's My Water gameplay with a notable new twist and storyline! Can't wait for the next update!!
I love the show and the game
Works great and awesome time killer! Galaxy 2
:-D
:-D
I like this show and the game is very good. This is my new favorite android apps.
Good
So much fun!!
Now you get level updates for two games and still just a buck for hours of joy
Awesome game! Love it a lot ↖(^▽^)↗
Easily worth a buck! Buy it now!
My 4 yr old wont put it down! Excellent game. Same concept as wheres my water, but double the fun with different puzzles and backdrops. And, of course, Agent P!
Loving it.
This game was awesome! Perry is such a loveable character, so when combined with the already fun Where's My Water?, you're got a game that will entertain you for hours and hours. Be sure to check out the secret level in the credits menu! It features a familiar face.
simply fantastic very addictive
Disney has made some great games for Android: Where's My Water is my favorite, but Where's My Perry and Puffle Launch are also really well done, and all three are $0.99 - the price to fun ratio is outstanding. These games are great - better than Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, or Rocket Weasel. Some of the levels are quite challenging to tri-gnome, and the sense of humor is great.
If you love "where's my water" and Phineas and Ferb, you just can't go wrong with this game. lots of fun and funny too
The combination of my most played game in my phone and my favorite Disney original cartoon already earns the 5 stars. The game's a bit too easy though but that won't stop me from enjoying thins game. Can't wait for more levels and -inators.
Hours of fun!
I give it a 4 because its almost EXACTLY like where's my WATER. The only diff is that its Perry,not Swampy.
And not just for kids
And not just for kids
My kids and i both love this game!
Just as good as Where's my water?
And great game works perfectly with HTC one x
Too old for this cartoon and game, but who cares ;-)
If you like Where's my water you'll certainly like this one :)
If you like Where's my water you'll certainly like this one :)
CANT WAIT TO PLAY THIS ON ASUS NEXUS7
I am 24 old male and I love this show and game...... Perry!!!!!!!!! They need to do an update to fix the screen resolution.
Love love love this game!
So glad you made another game like , where's my water!! Can't wait now for more leaves in that game since you can take a short brake from this one !! I love this game too
Fun!
Love the game
Awesome game
Great app to pass the time
ever
Good
Good
Its smooth, no lag, and is super fun to play. A bit childish design for my age, but works wonders and I like the additional voice acting.
Its smooth, no lag, and is super fun to play. A bit childish design for my age, but works wonders and I like the additional voice acting.
This game is great both my kid and I are addicted working together to solve the levels :-)
This game is great both my kid and I are addicted working together to solve the levels :-)
I said you can call him Agent P. Seriously Fun!  I'm a BIG Perry fan too.  Thanks!
It's got jokes, too.
Yay
A
More levels
With the references to an already hilarious show, this is an amazing game. I find it better than where's my water.. Worth..
Just as fun as Where's my water !
Forget 007.
AAAAGENT PPPPPP!!!!!!!!
Like where's my water but better.
Same game play as where's my water only a little bunch of touches, plus ... Agent P and Dr. Doofenshmirtz!
Coll game and fun :-)
Just when I think you guys/girls can't top the last game...you do!  Very very very addictive and clever!  I own all three games...just waiting for a crossover game with Swampy, Cranky and Perry!  I would also settle for a Swampy movie!  :)
My kids want to play but it is a little above their level. Disney needs a Perry game for younger kids, but I really like this one.
It is my life long dream to help Agent P defeat Dr D and now I can. Great for the whole family! We were already "where's my water fans. Now one of our favorite games is combined with our favorite Disney Channel show.
Must download
Good play on a fun game. Who doesn't love Perry?
This game is great, although I do prefer the styling and gameplay of Where's My Water a bit better.
To either kill time or keep the kids entertained. Great job Disney!
To either kill time or keep the kids entertained. Great job Disney!
Omg
Very well written and works very smoothly
fun, easy, kid friendly
Great fun!
It's a lot of fun.  Motorola Photon 4G
love disney game...
I love this game! It's an excellent modification of "Where's My Water?".
I love this game! It's an excellent modification of "Where's My Water?".
Awesome
As good as Where's My Water
Our family loves Phineas and Ferb and this game has been a fun family activity... but we finished it in 2 days. We're going back for more gnomes though!
This is the best game ever
This is like Weres My Water, but better!! This is worth every penny!!!!!
Swampy rulez¡!
Brilliant spin-off from Where's my Water!
i love it!
Totally worth it!!!!!!!
Totally worth it!!!!!!!
I love the game but this is the last app  I am paying for. No nevermind the next  Iam going to buy is temple run brave for only 99¢!!!!!!
Fun and useful gam for all ags.  Makes you think!!
it has everything where's my water has, EXCEPT 20x BETTER!
So fun!! Buy this NOW.
Im loving it
Great game, plays like where's my water only a little more challenging and with everyone's favorite platypus Perry in it!
Amazing game I loved swampy and this is so much better just waiting for new levels beat them all in a day.
If you like Where's My Water this is a must have!  I can't wait for more levels.
Loved where's my water. This game is even better
Addictive!!!!
I have been waiting for this! Love it!
Love this game
So far so good!
So far so good!
Love me some phineas nd ferb nd where's my water so so this game automatically gets my praise its perfect.!
Neat game for kids! :)
So many of the lines I love from the show!
Only dislike is that apple git it sooo much sooner lol. Really .... suicide nets around your factory....
Same concept, but never gets old. Amazing game!!!
I love this game, but WMW and now this, if you only press the 'home' button on your phone to exit, it stays on and drains your battery and if you have a limited data plan, it uses up tons of data.
Awesome game!!
Very fun and entertaining.  Also has a better reaction time than "Where's My Water?".
identical to swamp game but oh well nice way to kill time
identical to swamp game but oh well nice way to kill time
I Love Agint P!
Both this and the original application are well worth the money. The Perry theme is very well done, with cameos and sounds from the TV show.
This is a great edition to the Disney water game.
Works really well.  My daughter and I love Agent P!
It is pretty much like where's my water but with cooler things like lasers and it has Perry the platapus in it.
I love this game.
I Think This Is A Fun Game <3 Im A Fan Of Perry That's Ma Favorite Spy Ever .. Anyways This Is An Awesome Gaame :_) Very Fun When Your Bored.!  If Yhu Liked The Where's My Water Game Yhu Would Love This Game.<3 : ) !
Super game!!!
Worth every penny! More levels please
Luv it
Luv it
Like Where's My Water, but some different mechanics and lesser graphics (probably staying true to Phineas & Ferb, which I've never seen). Fun!
We love it in this family.
Great game for a dollar. Huge fan of the wheres my water games!
Love physics game, plus this game is much faster at loading times than Where's my water?
Another great game from Disney. Keep up the good work!
Agent P!!!
Loved Where's my water but this has PERRY in it!!!! Love it soooooooo much!!! <3 <3
Love it
Ahh, I can't say anything bad about this game, it's so fun and engaging! I can't stop playing
People fearing that this is a copy of Where's my water? Do not worry. This is a whole different game with loads of content and runs perfectly on my HTC Desire S. I recommend this to everyone who enjoys puzzle games and Where's my water? in particular.
People fearing that this is a copy of Where's my water? Do not worry. This is a whole different game with loads of content and runs perfectly on my HTC Desire S. I recommend this to everyone who enjoys puzzle games and Where's my water? in particular.
This game is very close to beeing as good as the original.  Some levels feel alot easier but the feel of the game is fresh and well made earning it the full 5 stars. ;-)
It's about we got a Perry themed game! My daughter loves it!
Good game and the Same concept of where is my water
I'm such a fan of Agent P and Phenias and Ferb. This is such a fun game.
I love Perry and with the where's my water theme..oh my heck, so much fun
Great game.
Best app I've owned in a long time. Skyrocket
She's 6 & has so much fun on this game!
Great hun game. Could be more levels though.
Love the game
Liking this even more than Where's My Water. Very cute and a great way to kill time.
Very nice game... Loads of fun playing it
Loving the game so far, loving the new mechanics. 5 Stars.
If you like where's my water you'll love this, great game.
Greaaat :)
Greaaat :)
Great strategy game.
So far so good! I love puzzles, so this is great! No lagging or issues so far.
Its just like wheres my water
Kids love it!!!!!
Fantastic
Solid fun, mind trainer.........
Fully addictive and fun!
Mastered it in a day. Miss swampy
fun
Хоть по сути тоже самое, что и Свомпи.
I hate that I love the game, between this and Where's my water, your taking all of my money!!!
Good game
Absolutely love this game!  Been loving Where's My Water ever since it was originally released and I love this new spin on it.  I have a 3 year old who not only enjoys playing Water but his favorite show is Phineas & Ferb, so needless to say this is his new favorite game.  An absolute must download for you and your kids!
Still waiting for the mystery duck levels for WMW!
Love this game
Love this game
My kids love Where's my water, so when they saw this we had to get it to.  This has been a fun game to play.
But awesome!! Moar levels pleez!
Love it ♥
Cool game
Trouble at first, getting it to run but finally worked
As good as where's my water but with Perry!
Addictive and fun for all ages.
Duba duba duba, duba duba duba, agent p!
My kids love it
Very addicting.good time waster
Very addicting.good time waster
Played Where's my water perfectly. Now time to beat this game. Great job
It is so fun!!!!!!!!!!
As a fan of where's my water and phineas and ferb i love this game
Awsome!!!!!!!
I love this game
Must have game for Android!
Must have game for Android!
I love it!!
Best game
My 5 year old and I are having a great time figuring out how to help Perry. It's a perfect blend of good brain puzzling fun and funny. Loving it!
I've been waiting like a child for this to arrive as I am totally addicted to Where's my water?  which is just amazing.  I am totally thrilled with this yet don't think it quite hits the mark so much as helping Swampy,  that said I've been neglecting all and sundry today and haven't stopped it.......therefore I wholeheartedly recommend!! :-)
Very addictive much like the original
it combines the best cartoon on tv and the best game on android. Act my age? No chance!
Epic sequel to where's my water!
Amazing game!!!!
Amazing game!!!!
Awesome puzzler with great integration of Perry from Phineas & Verb.
Awesome! Agent P!
This game is awesome if u like where's my water swampy style you will like this one and if u like phineas and ferb and Perry the platypus you will enjoy this game like I do its a good price its only 99 cents but plus tax its $1.04 but still a awesome price illl give it 5 stars :) :)
I was looking forward to this ever since the E3 unveiling and 100% completing Where's My Water  This is a great game and well worth getting, everything about it is great!
Great soundtrack too.
Love this game despite a small lag
greatest  game
Not as fun as "where's my water"  but very entertaining!
Not as fun as "where's my water"  but very entertaining!
Game
My 5 year old and I love Where's my water, so naturally we love the sequel. These are the perfect games for children and adults alike.
My 5 year old and I love Where's my water, so naturally we love the sequel. These are the perfect games for children and adults alike.
My 5 year old and I love Where's my water, so naturally we love the sequel. These are the perfect games for children and adults alike.
With the same water, steam etc based physics as where's my water but even better level design and excellent humor this really is worth every penny of the purchase!
Im the wheres my champ!
So much fun, nothing bad to say about it. Thanks
So much fun, nothing bad to say about it. Thanks
So much fun, nothing bad to say about it. Thanks
Don't hesitate to get this app.... if you like where's my water You'll love this game... just more fun from Disney
Don't hesitate to get this app.... if you like where's my water You'll love this game... just more fun from Disney
Luv it
Gr8 game... love the graphics & animations.
As one who really enjoyed Where's My Water as well as being a fan of Phineas & Ferb, I had no hesitation in purchasing this app, and I'm really glad that I did. For fans of Where's My Water, you get all new puzzles that are just great and fun as always, throwing in some new gameplay elements via Doofenshmirtz's own -Inator devices. Which takes me to fans of Phineas & Ferb: You'll definitely enjoy the show's signature humor that's injected into the game, which makes playing the app even more enjoyable. I can't help but find myself chuckling before and after each level. Not to mention some little inside jokes and references hidden within the game. If you're a fan of either Swampy or Perry, do yourself a favor and pick up this game!
A must have and a must watch cartoon me and my two kids love it!!!!! :)
That is all.
Sweet! Everything is better with Perry!
Loads of fun.
Better than swampy enough said
fun fun fun
This is Where's my Water, with a Phineas and Ferb bent.  Where's my Water is a widely-known and fantastic game, so I don't feel I need to sing its praises much.  Great conveyance of game mechanics and goals and, hey, it has Perry the Platypus, who is just about the best thing ever.  Great game for both myself and my 4 year olds alike.
Came out July 1st, but I got it June 30th? Lol love this game and Perry the platypus so Why wouldn't I get this?
Can't go wrong with it =)
Wicked game
