Everytime when I play this game then it suddenly closes!!! I uninstall the game and install the game again then the game closes again!!!!!!
Always force close :/
I love this game so much since I first played it with my friend's ipod. I am so glad to have it with my android recently. But the game is not stable and always kick me off! Please fix the problem. Thanks
I love this game but it keeps crashing!! :-(
It literally always freezes which is annoying when you're in the middle of a game :/ its so annoying when you've got further than ever and you have to forse close!!!:( i wud give it 0 stars if i cud b/c i cant get through one game without it force closing and if u r a jelly bean away from universe and uve spent every last gummy on playing and it forse closes,n this happens alot than i fink i deserve to be given more gummies or something. Please fix cuz this is a REALLY BIG PROBLEM :'(
Force close whenever i try to play!
I had a different review but i have to change it because it won't let me unlock the Christmas level! Annoyed!!
i loved this game on my friends phone when i got my android i was over the moon to find i can download to use myself xx
a boring game repeat the boring things again and again! uninstall!
Loved it
Downloads for a really long time plus when its done it becomes error
Ok when it works
oven break
Sooo addictive great app
bs
Good game.  So far no problems.
I used to have this on my iphone a couple of years ago. It was awesome because it USED TO BE completely FREE. This new version is b.s. u have to rack up 700gummies before u can move on to the universe level or u can pay. Unless ur a friggin pro or u have no life it'll take u 100years to achieve this without dishing out ur credit card. In the old version they gave u 3 hearts now only 1 & there was no ads! This new version also LAGS A LOT. I used to be fan now I'm a hater. UNINSTALLED.
This app annoys with unwanted notifications!!!
Why does this game need to constantly put notifications into my notification bar when I haven't even run it for the past month.  Even after a reboot. Battery muncher.
Why I cannot download this game?????
O my f****** it looks so fun but it wont even let me f****** download it. DAM!!!!
This is my favorite game
Nice game
cant play on samsung pocket
it always says force close tht sucks!!!!
This is the best game ever i play it all time and never get bored
Eh
I hate this game because i try to come inside but i cant i try alot of time but i still cant i hate this game forever!
Why Won't It Downlaod It Look Mad But Can't Det It...
Just downloaded because my mom is a huge gingerbread fan but I think the graphics are adorable. Just finished the prologue level and haven't experienced any lagging or negative stuff like that so hopefully it will continue to perform great. Keep it up.
After I unlocked the third level, it lagged major time! I would try to play any my game would freeze and then jump ahead, forcing me to die. Needs to be fixed!!!!!!!
Its stupid it doesn't even work 4 me
Please fix the crashes
There are too many things wrong with this game. You can't use slide immediately after you jump and it freezes a lot... It makes it impossible to finish a level.
The worst game I ever played in my life...and I am a huge gamer
This game just cant seem to load
The fcin app is so dumb I had 150 jellys  I went to menu I had zeeerrrrrooooooooo jellys
Nice
good
I thought it was good but it is fun but u only get 2 lives and in apple u get like 3 or 4 when u crack a level the next one u have to pay a certain amount of money if it didnt do that i would pay but i would have to pay for next level but i wissh they wouldnt i like paying for lives but not for levels goodvgame tho
force close
I like it because im gonna eat it!!!!
Good fun
Don't know why, but it is sooooo fun @_@
But the hook bottum mustnt be with jump that isnt good
Very fun.
It shows apps force closes and frezzeesss!!!  OK so uninstall!  I require you to not download it pleaas
this game is not open on my mobile
Very addictive game !! but wants you spend ££ 2 unlock next level :-\
So many adds now, different ways to make money, stupid gummi points. Just so you pay more.
This app is super annoying it doesnt let me open it
too bad.. i was expecting to play it
This game is awesome!!!!!:-) :-) :-)
I love the game but i hate that you have to buy each level!One star!
I play this game on my mums phone but it won't download on my phone. I hate it
Getting old
It keep crashing when I open
Its a good game but the games buttons dont react fast enough sometimes and the game is 100% harder than the ipod version.
Good
Omfg this game sucks!!! So many glitchs!!! And timing on it sucks sooo bad! I hate it! Fix the lag problem!
Played this game on iOS so i thought id get it for my Galaxy Ace but it crashed before Id even opened it. Fix please!
Finally a game that's WAY BETTER ON ANDROID THAN IOS
Only 1 life? They also  need  to do a pause when a battery notice comes up. I lost the whole game cause there was no pause. VERY IRRATATING!! You can't even make it past the training level because you only have 1 life which is pretty stupid! Worst version of OVENBREAK ever!!
Force closes
I love this game !
Good .
Snazzy              J
Can't control really well
It wouldnt start up.Shows a black screen then force close. :(Real dissapointed thought gonna be a good game
I really like this game but it's very jerky and has caused me to die on occasion. Very annoying!! Please smoothe out the play. RAZR Max
I love the game on my ipod but onn my android it sucks.... it skips.... it freezes and its so slow....
GANE SUCKKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JK ITS AWESOKE WOOOO HIOO I GET FREE GUMMIES
No!!!
I tried to download this game but it said I had insufficient space,but I had plenty of space on my phone for the app and it just won't download
Omg level three is impossible they make rig jump when you want to slide
Too many tricky parts force to lose lives
I havent even tried the game yet and it has problems!!!
Good when im able to play it . It crashes before i get to play x had it on my iphone and it never done this. Now on my samsung y does not work please fix !!!
Okay but gay
Is it just my phone? The response was just not fast enough. I already tap the slide or jump but it does not directly move
Ovenbreak is a very fun and long lasting game I found it impossible to put down
Gummies are hard to get
i like it
Worked great except dor the graphics and now its mostly frozen
But the lag is awful, great concept, poor quality
Better on iPhone.
This game can be hard and fun at the same time. Once u start to play u can't stop
its nice but it doesnt slide even when i press the button which is annoying.
Ovenvreak is quite a fun game, splendid, actually. But unfortunately, it lags and pops out of the app!! For example, when I pressed jump, it slides instead, and vice versa.  Please fix the bugs and don't make it pop out in the middle, or this app could have got a perfect five star.
Although I like the game , it will always jam or cannot open the game it ha so frustrating. Please fix !
It freezes a lot and logs off the game.
Well, for one, it is virtually unplayable for me. The gummies skips right in front of you, BUT THE WORSE OF ALL IS HAVING IT NOT RESPOND. I have ran in obstacles, ran right into a pit and killed myself. In the death screen when the little gingerbread man cries, THE JUMP/SLIDE BUTTON IS ALWAYS LIT UP, which means that my touch was registered, but the game refuses to move. I really dont mind Game Overs, but when the game purposely refuses to respond and you kill yourself, THAT'S a different story.
I like this game but only hate one thing it freezes and then i die. Plz fix!!!
I just installed this game and love to play it. But the game suddenly shut off and back to phone menu. I play three times and the game shut off for three times! Please fix it!
It force closes and the gingerbread man moves slowly at times.
Ugh @@ why it won't open with my phone ?!
si slow on my huawei-m835
A really great game. Not much to say cause i had it on my ipod touch
I used to play this game on my friend's ipod every day in class. When I finally got a smart phone I was excited to be able to download apps and the first one I downloaded was oven break. However, I was really disappointed because half of the time it won't even load, it will just have a black screen. And when it does load, 80% of the time it lags and if I press jump slide or hook it will still not do anything and I will die. I've found this game more frustrating than fun:(
Cool
This new format is not my thing
It's the most awesomest game
Entertaining enough
Hi love it
X
Luv this game the buttons are a bit slow and sometimes dont work,think you should have three lives but still great game
Really good game. Would be 5stars if more levels were unlocked!!! Very addictive...want more levels!!  Keeps freezing....please sort!! Thinking about uninstalling...
I had this on my iPhone and was looking forward to playing it on my HTC and it was a disappointment with all the having to get jelly beans
Its fun but its the kind of game to play when u r bored. it freezes sometimes too. :P
Love this game!
But its rather stupid that u need 100 gummys to play eternal. That and the fact that i cannot play the Christmas version for some reason the app won't let me like it on fb. This is why i gave it 2 stars, i used to give four but this game is becoming downright ridiculous!
Good game to pass time
I love the game but I dont like the quality. Please fix it.
Its ok
with more speed maybe funny no bosses nothing special crap for over 3
A very nice game
when i try to slide after i jump it doesnt it just keeps running. i have it on the ipad 3 and it doesnt do that. Please fix it. if you fix it then i would probably download it again
Good game
Great game. But really hard to advance. Jellys are impossible to get without paying a stupid price. Uninstalling, just impossible to do.
Not bad game too pass time.
It was lots of fun but now it just keeps freezing up and I have to force close. Installing
Game resets your scores so your collection & win count start over at 0. Please fix. I had almost half my collection & this happened Very frustating!!!
GD for bordom
Awesome game!
Gliches a little, but its a fun and addictive game overall.
It's fun to play but getting to new levels is hard..
I always played this game on my moms's ipod when i was a kid. I loved it! However, this game lags so much that you die because it skipped. It gets so annoying and is sometimes so bad it is impossible to complete a level. Get that fixed and this will be a 5 star game!
It's a good game
This game is so cute, I love it.though it does get a little boring when played constantly and the game lags and skips sometimes. Overall its a fun game.
It lags whenever you jump or slide or do both.  Needs an update or something.  MyTouch 3G Slide
Its a fun arcade game so far. Jump or slide through the game while the gingerbread man is on the run.
Its ok
A good game that increases concentration.
The game is ok
Good game
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
This game is very fun and challenging and helps pass the time fast lol
Its hard to jump and hook onto objects hope you dont have to in harder levels
Okay
Good game
I adore this game! I like that it's difficult enough so you don't finish it in one day :)
Its awesome
I dont like how you have to pay gummies for the next level as they are quite hard to collect
Too many pop ups.
Game is awesome.. lags soo much though!
Good so far
I like this game
The game is fun but it doesn't always slide when you push the button and it glitches but other than that fun
Fun game!!!
Its ok it needs. More. Level
Taking a long time to load
Not the best version
Awesome
Fun game if ur bored
It's a pretty good way to kill 20 minutes.
This game is so fun(: i love playing it.
Yeah gd
Liked it
Very enjoyable game.
Nice game with cute graphics...
It is very fun
Super fun! Freezes up a bit though
Its fun
Fun simple game..cute character :)
I got to the 2nd level when I was asked to give a review. So far, this is a good game.  I will follow up with another review once I complete more levels.
The game is great but it'll freeze and go and freeze and go non stop so it'll mess me up while I'm playing. And the next levels will not open.
Good game little hard but love it
Really fun game works great on my Droid the original so I'd imagine its real good on all ur newer phones just don't like how u lose the little blue guys and what u gotta do to get more
Not as good as the apple version but it'll do :)
Simple but highly addictive
Good game
Good game
oven break
The slide button doesn't always work causing you to die and you only get one extra life! The iphone version is much better! How hard is it to make an amazing android app??
fun game. wish more levels were unlocked. couldn't stop playing.
Good game just lags horrible.
Overall a great game
Good game, but very, very laggy. To the point where the slide button doesn't work at times. Otherwise good.
Its ok
Cute but half the time my controls don't work
This game can be hard and fun at the same time. Once u start to play u can't stop
It is alot of fun though it's kkind of hard because it hurts my eyes.
fun game . but one live is not enough .
It is a good game but not proppa good.
I'm a little irritated that I can't play the Christmas level because I don't Facebook. I HATE Facebook!!!!!!!!
Its cool. Keeps you busy
This game rocks but it could be made better if you could get gummies that count for free by just playing a certain level a bunch of times and not have to download more apps.
Alsome I love it
I like it
The game is fun but at the same time hard. You will enjoy it. So download it
Cool i only did this to get free gummies
It fun to play when you're bored and you get distracted easily:)
It's a good game but there better ones like it out there.
Its great app :)
Awsome!
Lalalalalalallaallala
Have always loved this game, but sadly, it skips sometimes and that needa to get fixed. Overall, its awesome!
Ok
I like it its ok
Fun but annoying having to play extra to get new levels
Fun
It is an overall good game. Very high quality, smooth graphics and gameplay. A game that would be very difficult to put down once you play. Definitely recommend it.
I like it its fun to play my problem is that we only get one life and the pause button is too small and it is hard to pause
Its fun to play and sometimes hard to beat but its still fun.
Ok
Fun, though there are many similar game in the market.
it's good, but it lags. :(
Awesome game!
I like it better on the iphone. The frames per second aren't as high as what my tablet can do
Nice game
Excellent game! Hope there are more chapters!
I really love the game :')
This game is really fun!would tottaly reccomend it have fun playin!!!wish u would get more gummys
Its a good low graphic games and that alright
I'm happy that I finally found this game I thought it only existed on apple products
The game is great but unresponsive controls and lack of levels hurt.
This is a fun game to play if you can get past the levels.
Its a cute ans fun game :)
Annoying  a bit long but fun
Pretty good.
Ive only had it for like 10 minutes so far its fun, but it could get boring if there isnt new things added to the next levels.. we will c .
Good game
Like it and just downloaded it
Its fun  but takes too long to unlock levels
Its fun and hard game
This is a pretty good game but very challenging... great for long trip and wasting the last bit of battery quickly before charging! =P I finally beat the practise mode after playing for two weeks!
I love it
Cool game ......lik t :):):):)
Fun game, great for wasting time ..
Pretty fun
Good game
Lags a lot but its a fun app
It is a bit boring but otherwise good
The slide button doesn't work well
It's a good game but it's hard to earn the ingame currency and stuff
Entertaining!
Fun
Good fun for when your bored
Not bad
When I have put 10 gummys to pay to carry on in a game and it jumps and stops to work the game saves that I have lost 10 gummys and does not let me carry on with my game. So annoying can the makers please get it fixed.
This is an awesome kids game! It's also a great adult game too. What I really like about it is that you really need a good focus and skill for fast reflexes. It's 100% for me!
Very attention grabbing!
Awesome game sorta hard
I like it
this is a good game but takes forever to load.
this is a good game but takes forever to load.
game is pretty fun but need alot of gummy's to move on
Not bad.
Not bad.
Is there any way to get gummies wiyhout buying them online?anyway its fun
Is there any way to get gummies wiyhout buying them online?anyway its fun
It's ok...
Just downloaded because my mom is a huge gingerbread fan but I think the graphics are adorable. Just finished the prologue level and haven't experienced any lagging or negative stuff like that so hopefully it will continue to perform great. Keep it up.
But the kiddies love it
funn!!
Fun to play in spare time, but I wish you had another bonus life without playing
I love this game!
Its fun and addictive but freezes alot during the game
Is ok
The ginger bread man is so cute n the game is great to play i love the music
Wouldnt let me slide
Pretty awesome game, gets a bit slow at times and takes a while to open but very easy and enjoyable! Highly recommended!
I love this game. But it gets kinda boring cuz I passes all levels
It's a really good game, apart from whenever I try to play on the training level the app freezes and exits me out straight away.
Nice . Ovenbreak v.s. Temple run
Game
If it had an option to switch the sides of the jump and slide buttons, it would be better.
Its alright.
I love this game! So much fun i play it all the time!(:
Ok
Cool game
렉이 너무걸림.아니 이건뭐 껐다가 켜야할 정도. 지금 갤S2인데 한번 꺼지면 처음부터 다시 시작해야함.
Awesome!!
It's the most awesomest game
This is an awesome game!  I cant put it down! If you like arcade games, youll love this game!
Once play on apple but on android is good too ;-)
this game is really fun
its a fun game
Good but have to be patient as is a bit slow
This game is a amazing, addicting game... the only thing I don't like about it is you have to earn gummy bear to unlock levels....
But it always laggs and stop working. But when it works, its a great fun app!
Really fun game.
Mediocre
I love this game glad its for android
Kind of like temple run in the sense that you have to keep running, jumping and sliding. Cute game.
Very addicting but super laggy.
So, I really did love this game... Till out started to freeze every time you play... I paid for the extra life and ever since, this game had SUCKED... now I know not to actually spend money on your crap!  Love this game... Still sick of OS having better features, but this is close...
So, I really did love this game... Till out started to freeze every time you play... I paid for the extra life and ever since, this game had SUCKED... now I know not to actually spend money on your crap!  Love this game... Still sick of OS having better features, but this is close...
I say this game is okay because i have the android phone, and it freezes.during the game. But i like the concept of the game.
Fun
Sometimes the jump and slide buttons don't work quick enough but other than that the game is great!
Really fun. It helps me when I'm bored at class.
This a really simple but fun game!
Its alright
Its fun to play when I'm bored
not as dumb as it looks and def kills boredom
Great game
Your game is fun but not the funnest I'm sorry.
Keeps screwing me over
Its an ok game
h
Ots fun for all ages
Fun fun, love it.
Fun game
Its n okay game
Pretty good but the iphones is better
Oven break is one of the most addicting games I have but I wish it was more like the original. This version only gives you one heart and makes you get a certain amount of gummies to moves on to higher levels. But other than that, there is nothing wrong with this game.
Awesome xD
I want gummies!!!
Its a good game but it skips.I was jumping and the next thing I knew I missed a hook.
Addictive!
This a pretty good game.enjoying it so far.
Great game, lots of fun, but it lags and glitches some
Love this game
this game is not open on my mobile
This game is fun but tricky to...so be careful.
took for ever to installclike a hella long time
Pretty good except the lag when game begins
It's okay for killing time and giving your brain too much pressure
I downloaded it but then had a few problems so uninstalled it and now it won't let me reinstall it. However while i had it, it was a good game.
Not used to the new one, but its not bad so far. Harder compared to before.
Very addicting, but the levels should be unlocked for free or for less gummys and u should b able to keep the ones u earn even if u didn't finish the level
Bit challenging but that's why I like it :)
Other than that, great game.
It's a cool idea for a game but gets boring after awhile
good game to play(but better in apple)
To advance to the next stage, must pay to get the gummies... Or play the same stage over and over again to earn the gummies.
Cute
Its ok
Played this for five min? Its... colour full?
Its ok
This game is ok so far havent played much though
Whenever I jump over something and then there's an obstacle I hit slide but  it doesn't work. And sometimes when I press jump it just doesn't work. Please fix!!!
Great game I have it on my I-Pad works well but since I downloaded it too my Samsung Galaxy S3 and everytine I start it up it crashes...so disappointing cuz it's a great game :-(
It was a bit glitchy and took ages to lode but other than that it was all right
Its an ok game. Not too fun.
This is amusing to me but it lags A LOT
Played it on my Sisters ipod got a android tablet searched for it wasn't out for android months later got it ROCKS
Its fun but to unlock a new level is so freaking crazy
Its coo.
Not bad .
Fun game, but it freezes a lot and takes a long time to load. I also don't like having only two lives; it makes the game pretty difficult. Other than that, it's pretty good.
It is fun :)
Fun stuff bro
OMG I'm addicted to this game amazing
This game is so much fun! It's addicting - a great way to kill some time. :P
I love the game I wish u could get free gummies every time u play
this game is cool.
Cool
In iphone, there was no need to collect this stupid gummy bears to jump onto the next level!! Well..overall the gameplay has improved a bit though.
Its a cool game
Cool
Its ok
Rated it, rated it, rated it
Its good but ommgg I hate that ir don't have enough gummy
Very good id recommend to use with an ipad
Its easy, mindless entertainment. A few problems when you jump then slide, lags a little, but overall, not bad.
Shfbcisnd
Pretty good
I have this game on my iPod and was excited to see it on Android, but I'm not so sure I like how it is on here yet.
Kinda hard but really fun
I downloaded several times & cant get past the 'prologue'.Other than that,its fun & easy 2 play.
It is fun like angry birds
Fun and addictive. Wish there was, maybe, two lives instead of one? And the amount of jellies needed to advance to the next stage does not have to be that many :/ makes the game boring fast.
Addictive
Addictive once.you start
I really love this game. It's so much fun! The challenge of the game as the speed increases keeps me entertained!
Just got this seems ok prob real addictive lol
Its a fun game, but I would like to be able to go through a whole level without it glitching
The game is great fun.. But it lags sometimes.
Pretty cool could use an upgrade feature though   .
Ok de .lah
I have to force close it every time I want to go into it! I have tried re-downloading it but still doesn't work. Have played the Apple version and love it, so I'm very disappointed that it doesnt work.
When.ur bored
Good game
awesome game but sometime frezzes and force close
games very addictive but needs more extra lifes!! and fix the lags
Cute game. Keepss me busy and its fun to play
Music is annoying
it is a great game it will worth 5stars if it doesnt lag too much and force close pls fix it on the next update
I live this game its really fun , but when there is a switch in speed it sometimes freezes me phone for a second causing me to die.
He's so adorable to play with:)
It sucks
Fun game
I think it's a cool game. intriguing etc.
Its an amazing free app, the animation is very fluid gr8 sound, controls very straight foward but in the end it gets repetitive.
Its preety good and it seems like its fixed. I like it.
it's o okay
My cousin has the same app,but she doesn't have Android.I have played hers before and it is way,way, better.That is why I'm rating  it 3.
My device cannot go through the game. When the game is started the screen will be black.
Force close and won't load at all, please fix, I really love this game.
Fun games but kind omg hard to get gummies
This game is really great but I've noticed there's a problem with the images. The background moves too fast and bothers my eyes. It's much better for apple products than androids as apple seems to have less bugs.
A really great fun and very addictive game. It's brilliant!! But it is very slow to load.
Its great . Stuffed up for me on the first go but after uninstalling and installing again it works good.
#1
Bit slow
But too hard and frustrating
Pretty awesome game .. 5 star all the way .. haven't ran into an issue yet. Okay lets rephrase that .. once I got to training mode it started messing up .. whack!
It was an okay game to play not very entertaining though at the same time
This sint bad its actually fun I already won
Its a fun game with the same thing as temple run
I love this game its so much fun!!! It can be addicting also!!! But one thing I don't like is that is skips a lot!!! PLEASE FIX!!
Its really fun but skips and doent respond
Its OK. Not much to say bout it. My daughter plays it.
Its okay.... Kinda annoying
Good game
Getting fusterated please fix it!
Good play.
It is fun at first but its not addicting and kinda gets old
The game is okayish.  There a delay when u hit jump and slide SOMETIMES. And pnly once in awhile when u hit slide u jump back up somehow unexpectedly. Fix it please?
best game ever
Good game but the graphics are too slow Bad reactions when I press the jump or slide button and how do I fix it?
It's cool
Its very slow sonetimes but its fun!and more,can you guys please make gingerman slide when i ask him too!if you do this i'd give you 5 stars!
Its very slow sonetimes but its fun!and more,can you guys please make gingerman slide when i ask him too!if you do this i'd give you 5 stars!
:)
This game is addictive but the controls do not always work and that makes it very difficult to play.
It is not too joyful for me, it's quite boring to played
Good game
Its a good game but i takes gummies more than earn
Best game ever!  I'm glad they had it in Google Play and not just iTunes :)
What is the collection? THERES NO info about it.
Ginger bread runs and really challenging witch is soooo fun.
Its.   Okay
It's ...no fun
Fun !
This is a really fun game and I love that after you clear the levels your still trying to get portraits for your collection. Need more levels though!!!
The design is cute and the pace of this running game is perfect. You get an excellent feeling of speed by the second stage. if only there weren't random inexplicable  frame rate drops in the game if you play too long, and the controls are more responsive. often, I see the jump button being pressed, but I still don't make it over the gap...
Pretty fun, gets boring though
This game is fun!!!
My girl loves this game
Great game I recomend u to get it its really Fun
It is good. I have only finished prologue so I don't have much to say.
Its really hard at first but after a while it gets easier
It's so much fun, even for a 17 year old
fun. btr if have other ways to earn gummyp
Absalutuly brill
good game
It's cute and fun
Really nice game
Not bad i originally played this on my friend's iphone It's cute n so far no glitches
good game to play
It's good
I like this is cool
Cute
好!
Very addictive..really like this game
AMAZING game but somtimes it was a bit lacky but still injoyed the game!
I enjoy it
I like it!
Fun game wish there was a state to customize the ginger bread man
Had this on my itouch, and now I have it on my android, it's soo addicting!!
very fun and intertaining.
I luv dis game its so fun
so far its soo fun :) im really picky with games but this one im forsure keeping
so far its soo fun :) im really picky with games but this one im forsure keeping
Nice game
Sound gd! Interesting!!!!
This game is freaking awesome
Great game. But the slide key is not working for andorid
Good but the whole gummy thing is really annoying
I love the lovely ginger bread!! ;)
It really is adorable. Music is kinda kiddy and annoying but very addictive game.
Good game
I love this game, at first I didn't care much but I started to like it more and more, I'm not addicted though
I love it
Love it jessalyn but to many ads
Its so fun
Simple yet fun
This is a really good game & a great time waster, it is requires no skill to play & keeps it simple. I would give it five stars but it freezes occasionally.
Suitable for any age and grate fun very addictive love it
Enjoyable
I real enjoy this game it helps you get your eye hand coordination down good. I rate this game  four stars
I real enjoy this game it helps you get your eye hand coordination down good. I rate this game  four stars
Ok
Luv it
Cool game
This game is fun a great time killer
Is a really fun game but it takes a little while to get use to the controls
It is just good enough to knock away boredom
Its ok
Fun!
A good game that increases concentration.
The game is ok
Great game..! A lot of fun..!
I can play this game all day!
Love it
I love Oven Break on the iPod Touch and was really excited to get it on my phone. It‘s not as good graphics but still a fun game!!
Fun
overall not bad
I like it lots
I adore this game! I like that it's difficult enough so you don't finish it in one day :)
I like this game!!
Its pretty fun and passes the time.
Fun game
Its a reallly fun game to play when ur bored.
Although the ads are annoying and the game freezing for a second every now and then, the game is very fun and i enjoy playing it!
Fun but need heart and I'm confused but so cute ah and his words he say the ads annoying tho and I keep playing the same level	Bad and good on both side
This is an addicting game. It's cute and fun. Love it.
I played this game on my ipod and was amazed to see it in the andriod store, I play it all the time
It is amazing!
Mint game
This game is so awesome
I enjoy the challenge of the game it is fun and a great time killer :) Ottergal
Its pretty good
This game is really cute and fun
Love it
nice
Fantastic fun game great to pass boring time
Fantastic fun game great to pass boring time
Fun game.. love it
Just downloaded it and it's already one of my favorites.
It's a great game! Especially the gingerbread is soo CUTE!
Yup
it is a fun game but some times it runs alowly and delays when i tap on the buttons.
It's a pretty snazzy game. I like it c:
Luv this game! Played it once and instantly fell in love!!!
A little lag. But a great game
Nice game fun to waste time with
Great Game!
Awesome when u get use to the buttons but very fun
DAEBAK!!!
It's a fun game to play if ur bored!
its an okay game.
Great! its so addicting!!(:
super fun to play
But the graphics give me a headache after playing for only a short time.
Play this game
Great way to kill time. LOL!
Awesome game so fun thanx guys
Really addictive and fun but keeps freezing in the middle of it but other than that it's a good game
Good
Great game and cute but the man run too fast.
Good
Its a addicting fun game, i got alot of my friends into it.
I have it on my galaxy s2 and its a great game. I also have it on my ipod touch and although i like it better on my ipod touch since it has more features and this one kind of lags
Really good game
It is soon fun! ;)
Cool game.......entertaining and fun!!!! :)
hard but fun.i had ran out of gummies and i kept starting over again.
It a really fun game and a good time waster !!! Would recomend this game but it can sometimes get boring so i rate it from a 4 to a 5 !!
Great game! Very addictive :)
Very fun!! Passed the 1st level in one shot!! ^^
Nice game! But it will lag and that takes away one star! Fix it and it will be perfect!
Prefer the ipod version better
I love this :)
Fun game! I especially love the sounds he makes- so cute!! :)
Very cute fun game
Its super fun really it could be better
One of the most entertaining games I've played. However after you beat the training level there's not much to do, but beat the level again. I would like the other levels to be more accessable.
Its fun and entertaining keeps your attention for a while
So much fun
I live this game I'm addicted
I wish you could get more gummies easier and unlock the levels faster and gets.more hearts, other than that it's fun
Really good game, really addictive.
Great
It is a really fun game
Fun and interested
i loved this game on my friends phone when i got my android i was over the moon to find i can download to use myself xx
It is sorta funcky, but I like it. It is simple and fun. It is sometimes slow, but in a good way. It does not take long either! Install. Please.
This game is very addicting & very cute. Although it freezes sometimes, I still love it. *^▁^*
I'm using a Samsung galaxy ace S5830. N I can download tis game. But when I use a Samsung S5830i, I can't download tis app. I hope ur will fix this soon. Thanks!
Awesome
It is a good game but sometimes it is really hard well I think it is but not everyone probably will think that
Bad that there is only one life.
I really think it is the besy game.
Fun game
Love this game but only fun for 10mins
Super awesome, no glitches so far, and super addicting!!
Nice game with cute graphics...
Jumping action game is common but the character is so cute! This is a pretty addicting game.
It's a bit slow but either than that it's great
Super addictive and great for.passing. Time
I love this game
Good game
A good, addicting game. The buttons don't work on rare occasions, but other than that the game runs smooth with no glitches.
Entertaining but i got bored after quite a while
It's really good but gets addictive then gets a bit boring after a while :-)
Its pretty fun, but they should make it more easier to get gummies.
....
Fun to waste time.
I like most of it but sometimes it gets stuck
Awesome
funny but quite difficult for me to play a higher round
It was very challenging
It's great only how are gummy bears accumulated without having to pay for them?
This game is fun
Fun! I havent had any problems as of yet and i find the game easy and fun :)
Cute game for passing by games. Easy to play yet addicting
Like this game is fun to kill time!!!
I love this game! Its so fun and addicting. Only problem is it lags and theres a lot of glitches at times.
A very addictive game which will keep you up all night. Definitely buy this game if you like a challenge!!
As title
Love it cute Ginger ㅎㅎ OvenBreak>>>>prisonbreak
My 6 year old loves to play this game, but not.so entertaining for adults.
Fun and adorable
Cute game easy controls lotsa fun!
Cute game easy controls lotsa fun!
I enjoy playing this fun, cute and cool game!
Ok
This is an addictive and fun game, however it crashes sometimes
Omg I just downloaded this game and I can already tell its gonna be.addicting lol
It is a good and fun game
Good game
Love it !
Very excellent graphic, cute and colourful. As for the game its good.
Cool
Brilliant, love this game, makes me All happy inside xD xx
Ive had for a while and i luv it. I only wish u had more hearts. Other than that i luv it. If i could give it 5 and half stars i would
Is a good game I like it
Very interewting
Good
I really love yhis gamr!!
love it
This game was really fun to play
Preetty cool game I gotta say!!
good timekiller
good timekiller
Its very fun
good!!! ↖(^▽^)↗
I was loving ovenbreak on my itouch but on my android its kinda slow as in the gingerbread is slow at running.  a free update wouldt hurt
Fun, but slow
A great kill time game (≧∇≦)/
I like the game it's actully really good. I liked it alot and would recomend it for everyone!!!:)
Love it!
Awesome!
Fix ur other games...like derby days...keeps kickin me off
Fun and challenging at first but it a get's a little old. Works great though! Fun 4 short periods of time.
Super fun game.. great stress buster.. and highly addictive....
It was good however...it lags alot...it needs some work done.  But other than that it is awesome!!!
Oven break is very good but could be improved
I like the game graphics. Definitely recommend to my friends
exciting and high quality
Liked it. Fun. Should be a way to get more free gummy bears.
I love this game I have it on  my iPad and its amazing its a really good game one time my little cousin came over and
Such a fun game !
addicting to play but sometimes shuts off in the middle of a game on my phone which is the only downfall of the game
Its fun
Okayish
It is a very fun game to play. I love it :-)
Great
Just downloaded the game and already I'm addicted. Just going to wait a litter longer to see if I'm going to give it more stars.
Its a great game , I need to get to the next level !
Would be nicer if theres.more skills
Its pretty fun to play and kill time
Good
Sooo addictive!!!
Simple but addicting!
I absolutely love this game. The only reason why it didnt get all 5 stars is that the game tends to lag a bit.
Quite a decent game just to past time.
the game is great but it lags a bit and cuts out please fix. the game is great
I love this its so addicting!!
Ehh
Love diz game its fun and keeps me busy!!
Makes me think of Shrek and the Muffin Man.....THE MUFFIN MAN!
Love it
Very hard
Gets boring after a while
Loovveee this game onLy late is i can't get the man to jump high enough...
Awesome game fun and addictive
Its so addicting!!!
Love this game! Its easy to handle wit the touch screen. An i also like the animation.
Love this game! Its easy to handle wit the touch screen. An i also like the animation.
The game is alright, nothing to brag about though.
Fun works well. Will get boring soon.
Ok hard to unlock new levels !!!!
Pretty good game the only bad part is that they ask for too many coins to unlock a level
This game is kind of easy but pretty fun + addictive.
Great game!
Very addicted to this game. Love it !!
Fun game. :)
Cushty;)
This game takes a while to download and is pretty difficult to master, but once you get the hang of it, it is very enjoyable!
A good time waster!
Cool and cute
This game is fun, addictive and hard
this is the best gamee :-)
very fun game. and very addicting
Awesome game. Love it!
Love the game. Wish I didnt have to purchase for more levels
its a super fun and kind of addicting game!
It is an overall good game. Very high quality, smooth graphics and gameplay. A game that would be very difficult to put down once you play. Definitely recommend it.
Good, little repeataitive though..
It's a pretty cool game.
This game is really addicting, but is somewhat slow on the Droid 2 Global.
Great game :-)
Good.fun.
Finally its on android
Fun. Enjoyable
Good game
Its fun
Very addictive :)
Great game...very addictive!
It is a good game and i play it alot
Really great game I just suck at it
Good animation! Very enjoyable game (:
I love this game but when I try 2 slide it doesnt pls fix!!
It is very fun and entertaining! It would be better if we could customize the ginger bread man :3
Nice Game..Addicted To It..! :)
This game is very fun and if anyone can help me there is a game just like this one for the android store but I can't remember what the name of it is if anyone can help I would love that very much! Thanks
It's fun! but the button dun work well sometimes :(
Simple but fun game
Glad to see this game made for android! Havnt run into any bugs yet. I would recommend this game to anyone trying to kill time!
I like it so much <3
Fun
Ghis game is actually a pretty fun game, I just wish there was more levels to the game since it takes up so much space.
Very fun game.
Really good but needs more levels.
This game is fun and a good time passer. I sometimes get frustrated because it only has 2 lives and there fore dye sooner. The apple appetite Leo has oven break but it's faster and has 3 lives.
It's really cute but I wish you were given more options.
Fun games
Yes..i came for gummy bears
I Like It To Pass Time & Im Just Writing To Get Gummys :)
Good game needs more stages but defs addictive
it's a good game but just not as smooth as on IOS, tht is the sad truth
It's a really fun and addicting game!
My fav game, the adds are annoying though.
This game is quite fun but it need to have shop for etc clothes
Very fun!
I love this game, it is a great way to pass the time.
Awestastical
Always liked it from playing on iPhone. The gummy bear requirement is somewhat annoying though for stage unlocking..
Amazing game. :)
Althought it keep lagging but it still fun to play
Sometimes i cannot skip the.obstacle even i have pressed the keys
This game is spot on AMAZING!!!!  :D
We love it!! My son an I have been entertained for hours. Or since I downloaded it.
This game is sooo fun my only complaints are that it glitches a lil in some places nd sometimes they make the beans impossible to grab .. still a great time killer :)
It can get boring sometimes but some how I am addicted.
Wonderful game that entertains and passes time. I cant sleep now because I'm so hooked! HAHA
Good for training reaction speed.
Addicting!
so far its fun and easy enough but yet still challenging. I just got done with the prologue
I love this game its super addictive
Soo verry addicting! I love it but i get bored after a while because to get to the goal you have to do it pretty long....
Addicting.wish i can unlock the other stages faster
It's a nice game. I also got adict in this game. I played this many times in the Ipod.But when I tried downloading it in an Android phone it doesn't really work pls. fix...
Cool and good fun to play
Cool and good fun to play
Its alright freezes takes alot of time to go from each screen
Loove it! But the notif for review is annoying
It's slow and closed by itself everytime I'm in a good time! That's frustrating haha. Please  fix and I would give it five star. A nice game actually.
Fun and nice game just that sometimes when I press slide or jump the button doesn't  move at all and I end up having to restart the game again...
Good  and fun game...the gingerbread very cute...
Great game
I really like the game! I just got a tablet! and I am having a lot of fun!
Love this game...much easier to play on Iphone.
Very very awesomenes
Quite fun pretty challenging fast fillfillfillfillfillfill
Its enjoyable
Good time waster
funny game, very entertaining
Wooooo!
fun game
I enjoy the strategic game. Its very rime passing.
It is fun and addicting
Very addicting game...you just want to play all the time.
Freaking amazing game
This game is the best so fun.
Its a cute lil game i just got it seems like a keeper heehee
Works good on Droid incredible two
Fun but gets boring after awhile...
Good game
It's so challengingly CUTEEEEE, go enjoy yourself by donwloading the app!
Very nice game but can be very vomatrocious
Its really fun, but i would feel a whole lot better if it asked for a lot less permissions.
Fun
Highly addictive and tons of fun!
Its the better more cute version of temple run
I think its a fun game
I think its a fun game
Very addicting... Play it all the time
I think this game is fun and adorable, I deffinitley  recommend it.
Lags a bit though.
It's fun but it could get annoying sometimes.
Very nice
Awesome
This game is excallent and its fun
Title says it all
Love this game, can't stop playing it.
Fun and cute c: but somtimes laggy
Well it is fun cept for the whole gumy thing
fun!
So fun but lags a little
I had gingerbread and when I got ics it broke LOL
I love this game but it freezes sometimes
The only downside for me is it can be a bit jittery a times, but other than that it's a great game and well worth getting, especially because its free
This game is soooo addicting and fun..... Love the new cute animations
Good app
Fun game, very addictive
Good time  waster!
Pretty good game
I like this game because its fun to play as the gingerbread.but i don't like that you need a certain amount of gummy bears to get to the next level!
Very attention grabbing!
Got a few glitches but it fun probably just the way i play! Awesome game get
Oven break is a very fun game, my girlfriend loved it on her iPod and its even.better on android!
Good to kill time, cute graphics
Very addicting only problem is it freezes quite a bit on the menu page. Other than that good game would definitely recommend
Its great fun and it always keep me company when i am boring. But whenever i wanted to close it,  it always make my phone blank. So it is about average only to me.
I hate this game because i try to come inside but i cant i try alot of time but i still cant i hate this game forever!
I so love this app! Its addictive.
I love it!
Great game with funny character and easy gameplay. Even though it's a little bit lag when choose the menu. But overall great ;)
It has some lag issues that may cause you to lose every so often but it happens. Good overall.
good!!
I've loved ovenbreak since the first time I played it. It's so entertaining I make sure all my friends have it so that whoever I'm with I can play. Even though I have no phone or ipod etc. I can still play it on others electronical devices.
gah this game is really addictive. it would be better if it didnt lag
Well this is an addicting game , its super fun , an you never wanna stop playing this game , everything is great but once in a while it will glich an make an error to me playing the.game  nut other than that its pretty good
Its very fun and addicting but gets harder and harder by alot
Its a fun game:) could use more levels though...
Challenging
Very good, many levels, and great action
Great game except it lags at times
Pretty fun, very addicting...
Addictive and fun game !
Cool game :)
Fun but in the level 3 is paid  Lieeee! !
It's quite good but one thing is that it's sometimes quite difficult to control.
Really fun and addicting just lags a bit
Very addictive but not enough levels
The worst game I ever played in my life...and I am a huge gamer
Its a nice little game. I can actually enjoy it.
I love this game (: it's easy and fun to play!
Fun to play but a little slow responding.
I love this game!
Good game and pretty difficult. Great quality too
So much fun to play
Fun game
Its a really addicting but fun  game
I love it!♥♡
Awesome
Its a good game but I would rather for it to have a little more things for you to have to collect:)
runs smoothly with awesome graphics. great timekiller
Hard on hooking doesn't shown specifically how to hook
Very fun game.I can't stop playing it.Super addictive
Pretty awesome game, gets a bit slow at times and takes a while to open but very easy and enjoyable! Highly recommended!
Fun game
Fun game
Sometimea button doesnt work. But overall its a good game
Great and fun game. Not to hard and not to easy
This game is fun, my kids really like to play it. They play everyday.
Cooll
Great game!
Love the game
The hero in ovenbreak infinite was much cooler than the Android version and the game slide button lags alot.  Really don't like that new gummy rule and hpw you meed to buy stuff. The iPhone version was definitely better.
It's a really good game, apart from whenever I try to play on the training level the app freezes and exits me out straight away.
<3
Great
i like it alot. passes the time well
Great
Great game but force closes a lot!
This is one of those mindless games that keeps you busy when waiting for whatever. The controls take some getting used to, but otherwise this is a great game :)
I love this game and I get 100 gummies for doin this :)
Very cool (: definately must try  so download<3
Extraordinary gingerbreak and jelly! Just two words... Love it!
Awesome game, can't take my hands off of it! Graphics are well done too
its a little laggy but no always
This game could keep me occupied for days... If only my phone could keep charged for that long :)
This game is fun!
Love iitt
Nice game
Good
Ok
It's a cute game
I love it but it doesn't work on my phone. Keeps shutting down. I love it on my ipad
Great game! If you like it then get i runner.
Cute game
Its good
This game is ok
Great game!!
Great game! But can get repetitive
Cute game.
Entertaining enough
Love it
Good game to play if your bored
It's a great game, although controls could be a bit more refined
Theres nothing bad to say about this game except it lags just a lil bit but it dosent ruin the game that much :)
Fun and addictive good time waxter too
I love this game  I think I'm addicted to this game
Not to bad try it out
Greats game !!
love it. addicting
Really fun way to pass time.
Cute and fun to play
Good past time game...works good on Samsung Galaxy S2!!!
this game is really fun
I love this game!
Fun game
I totally love this game its fun and entertaining but it lags my phone and I can't always slide for some reason
My title says it ALL. But my seven year old sister loved it, and so did I. The only thing that bothers me, is that its terribly addicting!!
A fun, fast-paced game.with a cute concept. I love the colorful animation, and the controls are really straight forward.
quite a gd game for killing  time
Reminds me of I runner. Fun game
Enjoyable
Its pretty fun but it gets old pretty quick.
great game!
Love this, so addictive!
Really fun game XD !!!!!
This game is pretty fun
i wish they would let you switch the buttons for jump and slide cuz im used to them being the opposite sides
Kewl fun game da only thing i dont lyk is dat u hav to buy da game to play da challenge one u could only play da trainin one
It's a really fun and addicting game, but it will skip sometimes or lags, so you have to be patient with it! :)
Fun fun
It's pretty fun but it gets boring after a while? But I still like it it's adorable so that kinda makes up for it.
So fun and adicticing
Its a fun game you get so into it
Its cool
Addicted
I really love the game, but its exactly like Ninja Chicken
great game
Great game
It's cool not all that
I love this game. Its rlly addicting, but y do I have to pay to get one of the maps?
This is a cool game its kinda like the game irunner they r both super awesome	Cool game its so addicting plus its free!!!
I luv this addicting game
I love the little gingerbread man!!!
Cool game
Love this game. Sometimes loading is slow but its worth the wait.
Its great
Its really fuun and its enjoyable for all ages
Is like all of the thousand other running & sliding games we have in the market.	I do love the running games. This one does look cuter than alot of these types of games & it is a little different. I have just played the first level but I'm having trouble with the jump slide combo to hold onto the pipes or whatever they are. IMO this game is better than some of the other comparable games but there are still quite a few that I enjoy or is more amusing to play than this. I'll have to see if this one is worth keeping & using up my ever declining precious space on my stupid Samsung galaxy tablet that doesn't recognize the apps to sd option.
Cool game
Cool game
A really gokd game to use up time but gets a bit boring after a while
Awesome, cute game, but is hard to slide when falling from a jump.  Altogether cool!
I love oven break!!
Quite fun.... heehee
Although it lags, it's entertaining for people of all ages. As long as you have some patience!
Sometimes buttons skip.
this is a fun game, but there is alot of adds, i wouldnt pay to got rid of them though.
awesome but number of lives too darn low and gummies? what the hell is that? pay to win crap -_-
It's really really great
The game is very fun though fairly simple. I reccomend it for anyone looking for something you want to waste a few minutes on every now and again.
Great game.
Good game. Cute colors
Cool
Might have to fix the lag a little
Awesome game, just wish you could get gummys quicker
Super fun game! Love it :)
Nice graphics and fast paced.runs a little slow sometimes
I like this game but im not a huge.fan of the lack of hearts
This game is really fun
This game is so fun! The hooking can be tricky, but its still fun. The road is also kind of long.
I like this game its fun
djwjwjxnxdjdhsbshsuwjenddndhdueuehdchchcndnejeididdicjdnd
Sometimes the jump and slide buttons don't work quick enough but other than that the game is great!
Add more gummies for us and more lives
Enjoyable, addictive, fast and no lag, large file though
Fun!
LUV IT
Wonderful game. You should try it out!
Good fun
Very fun and nice game to kill time
Fun game to play with !
great game annoying how you have to slide twice sometimes..
I like it so far:) just a lil slow
Its good game if bored this will pass the time
It was the best
Good game
But it gets boring..
Everything is fine about this game... I just get soo frustrated when I press jump or slide it doesn't jump or. Slide... like wtff... I pressed... but still didn't work
Very good to play.
Nice job
So cool....
Fun and very addictive
fun to play but takes a bit long to unlock the new levels.
This game is addicting and challenging for the teens . But it kinda teaches them not give up and try again , until they suceed .
BEST GAME YET
Wow! Love this game. The road trips are not boring with this game. Haha!!
This game is so fun. It's addicting.
This is a good game. Try it!
This is a good game. Try it!
Such a fun and addicting game!
Its so fun and adicting glitch occurs at times
I like this game. I just wish u would make more levels for those who can't buy the game
Keeps me busy all the time, recommend it for galaxy nexus users!
No problems yet with this game... A little frustrating at first, but its a fun time killer.
Nice game
AWESOME!!!!!!
One of my favorites(:
:)
It's a good fun game... But sometimes has bad lag. :)
Stage 2 is hard without health upgrade
Very good game. But a little to many ads. But overall it is a very good game.
Its really chalenging but its fun! :)
It's a pretty fun game.
It's a pretty fun game.
love it
It wont unlock the levels after training.. Fix that please
So far the game is pretty entertaining!
Started playing this cause my kid downloaded it to my phone.  Now I have to play daily.
Challenging but fun very entertaining
good game
This game is so fun, I would say it is even better than temple run.
Fun and cute
Love the idea offsetting the ginger bread get away like the old.fabel bring back good time
Good game
I really enjoy this game!
This game is really fun and I have no problems with it
I love this game. It's awsome
This Game is so cute and fun
Good game, could get boring tho
Really good
Keeps me entertain
fun game
Oven break is a fun game for when you are bored. I would recamend this game to other people as a time-filler when needed. I was slightly dissapointed that only 2 levels are free and then you have to update to a paid version, and I was a little dissapointed that it took up lots of storage space on my phone. Although overall this is a great game
Love it, only problem is you will eventually have to pay to unlock later levels
Sowhat creepy
Fast quick fun!!!
Siuk juga tapi bikin geram. Haha
Oven break is a cool game and fun its just like i runner
Definitely. A fun game to play. Addicting too! Just dislike like the fact that is lags sometimes
I love this game haha
This game was satisfactory on the overall. It's a good game to kill time
This game was satisfactory on the overall. It's a good game to kill time
This game was satisfactory on the overall. It's a good game to kill time
This is good fun but i found it hard to cling onto the things are the top however that could just be me XD
This is good fun but i found it hard to cling onto the things are the top however that could just be me XD
highly addictive but a little short, still comes highly recomended
It is a fun game to play I just love it.   PS : the gingerbread cookie is so cute.
A game that can't make me stop playing!
pretty cool just not a fan of the graphics
Great game :))
This game is friggin awesome
I like this game...only problem...Lol it reminds me of that horrible ginger bread thing of Shrek.! Lol.! Other than that really fun,cute,silly adventure GAME.!
Ya good time .  On with the gummies
fun to play
fun to play
This game is fun and entertaining. I can play it with my son and not feel like im playing a two year old game. If you like adventure type games this one is fpr you!
Love it
I like this game very much and it work pretty well on my phone. And it also has cute animations
Extremely addictive
Such cute gingerbread men!!!
This game is super fun. Simple concept but endless fun.
Nothing new, but still a lot of fun
It's super fun but... 700 gummies to go to university? Come on you guys.
It's super fun but... 700 gummies to go to university? Come on you guys.
Its awesome!! :)
Has addicting gameplay and never gets old!
I like this game very much!  It is easy to play and I can play it fpr a whole day!
This is an extremely good game for being free and would highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys arcade games
I love this game its addictive I got half my family playin it
Love it!
Very cute and fun game. Slightly glitchy at times. Delayed reactions to the Buttons still very fun and addicting, I have not stopped playing it since apple released it around Christmas.
This app is amazing but sometimes kinda slow
Hi this game is fun and you should try it out
Oven Break is a good fun game!
So funny... love the game
So funny... love the game
This game is fun and addicting and the gingerbread man is so cute :) my one complaint is that sometimes the slide button is unresponsive and the pause button is RARELY responsive! Other than that, its great!:)
Great game for the kids and adults too I'm addicted.
love the game
Brilliant game
Great, addicting game where ur mind is set on everything that goes onin the game.
But it lag sometimes
Very amusing and cute :)
I LOVE this game
This is the best game! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just downloaded and no problems so far! Really great for passing time.
Epicly kool game but the levels cost to much
glad it's on the android market now
I love the game! Very addicting, but lags alot and sometimes wont let me slide. Fix?
It is sooo much fun!
Great game to past your time.
The game z cute nd good
Nice game
Its an awesome game, but it requires too much gummies to unlock the 3rd stage and you don't get much gummies on the 2nd stage so it takes ages to get enough gummies. Please fix that, then its a 5 star! :-) (also, too much ads!! No one ever clicks on ads anyway :P)
good but can get repetitve
good but can get repetitve
Good one, but need a lot of gummy to proceed
Like this game! Keeps me entertained. Need to be more lenient with the gummies though!
Awesome :D
It's really fun,but when I jump and try to slide right after,it doesn't work...so..
It's a great game. I'm playing on Acer tablet so it doesn't lag TOO much but it still lags.
Its fun I like it so far
Its a great app its just all the adds but otherwise great app.
Good game
Great game a few issues with it freezing on android
I give it 4 stars though I am thinking it should be 3 because of the fact that you need to buy the next levels. It seems silly to me. Running on EVO 4G
Good game
dhvkbbbbsbbs
My daughter loves this game!
Good.. !!!
I love this game!
I love oven break! it is do addicting. the only thing i don't like is how much fumes it takes to unlock a level
Always a good way to pass time!
I really like this game. Its easy and fun. :-)
its addicting!
Very exciting and fun but the higher u go the level u need more gummpy to buy that why i gave 4 star only.
Awesome game
Awesome game
Really addicting. Makes you want to keep playing
Lot of fun. But is it just me, our is the training level really hard!!
Good game. My kid loves it.
Love it
Not used to the new one, but its not bad so far. Harder compared to before.
Pretty good
I have it on iPhone n now on my S3. Great game but it seem that iPhone has the summer special, what about android?
Fun and cute!
I love this game!!!! It is so much fun!
Such a good game :)
Love it!
I dun know what to say but it's really amazing and challenging! I feel honour to found this game. I love OvenBreak (:
pretty good game suggesting that I get dizzy from all the colours :)
Great game
It is so interesting
Most funniest games I have played super fun!!!!! :))
I like this game!
Fun !!!!!!!!
this game is really funny i love it
This game is sooo cool! But it does lag a bit...  Yeah, overall pretty fun! ^_^
Cute
This game is very nice and entertaining :)
Pls fix the lagging
Omg thank youuuu!! I've been waiting for ovenbreak to come out since like forever! It's so fun! <3 however, I only gave four stars cuz it seems to lag at times on my phone ): I have Xperia Pro
Love the game, its deceptive how long the levels are but otherwise it is very good hardly ever lags.
Fun but abit lag:)
great port from the iPhone. cute, simple. a must download.
Really fun, cute game
This game is actually quite addictive and it keeps me occupied for long hours.
I just can't wait to get to the Christmas stage
It won't let me go to training
Great game!
I love this game.
Its fun and addictive and also similar to iRunner.
Wow
Very fun to play
Good so far.
So cute!I like watching them running for life
Nice game
Must have.
Good but lags
Love this game so fun but there should be a girl too
this game is so addictive and so cute! its great for all ages. i downloaded it a few days ago and havent stop playing it!
Worksnfine just a bit of patience issues with the freezing and whatnot.
Nice game. Its really fun to play.
Really nice game!
It is so cool you even have goals and im getting 100 gummy bears for this review
Fun&cute :)
Great game plus cute animation and sound effects.
This game is fantastic:-) it really keeps you busy and i really need that!
I learned about this game a while ago nd just realized they had it for android! I suckk at games likee thiss but its still fun to play against myy boyfriend!
i enjoy it
Love the game! Super addicting!. Please just fix the occasional freezing or bad jump/slide timing!!
Its good you just have to get the hang of it
ITS FUN.
Just run n slide a bit too n  boring
Love this game...keeps you interested! Some of the controls are hard on my Droid razr maxx
This game is great so far got pass the first level moving on to trainning!
Easily addicted
Addicting, helps time go by fast, love it.
Addicting, helps time go by fast, love it.
Just freezes a lot LG ls670
Cool game but don't waste your gummies ... They are hard to come by unless you get the free offers... However lots of them!!
Not bad
It a really good game but i wish there were more lives
This Game is So addicting!!!  Love it!!
fun
tis good
pretty fun game to play when ur bored
I love the music and sounds, the stylised art is so fun. Im instantly addicted!
Great game I love it
Pretty sweet game
So far very fun
Awesome game! =)
Not bad.. its fun..
awesome and fun ..
Fun game
Fun game
I just finished ep 2. Too hard for me.. but it was fun
Its a very cool game
Its fun
Good game
Love it
Love this app, sooooooo addictive :) :)
Awsome
Awesome
Love this game its so fun and challenging
Kids love it, I loved B-)
Its a great and addicting game, but sometimes it hurts my eyes
Cute
This is the best game ever.
So fun playing it but its loading is a bit slow..fix that and I'll give five star!!
One of my favourite games.
A very nice game with cute sound effects! :3
It's a really fun game. But it could be better.
Nice game. I enjoy it.
Fun
Good
On the android there are awesome games and horrible games this is a great fun awesome addicting game and I think oter poeople  like it to.
Addicting
I love this gaming just hate how it skips and is jumpy sometimsz
I love this gaming just hate how it skips and is jumpy sometimsz
Very fun game. I am addicted.
Love it such a good time pass
This game is off the hook i love it for all those who haven't tried it out get your butt on this game!!!!
so cute XD i love it
Fun and addicting
I love games like this and this is definatly the best one! although it does take up lots of memory :-P they should do a lite version.
Its cute n the funny thing is my 2 yr old found n downloaded this all by himself. He enjoys it n so do i.
It takes a lot of focus and energy have a lot of energy and if you do have a lot of energy then you will have no problem.get it and have FUN!
: ) its fun
Very fun and addicting game!! I would rate it 5/5 but its very bad quality keeps flashing :( but other than that great!!! Download it you won't regret it! :D	Fantastic!!
Awesome game
This game is very good, but gets boring after a while...
Oven break is so fun! When you don't win the first time you just want to keep playing to win. It is addicting:D
Great game
I dont know if it is my problem but the hook button is not rly sensative
Fun and entertaining.
Cool game
Its a fun game that anybody will enjoy
Cool, but it skips.
Lots of fun
Pretty good game
Nice game
I love this game
This game is really cute and fun, although im still sucking at timing the jumps.
It's a lot of fun and really addictive!
It's a lot of fun and really addictive!
I <3 Oven Breaker!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Its fun
It's fun and hard so I guess it's ok
Very addicting!!
Really fun and addictive.
This game is sick
Good game with creativity.
Sooooo addictive!!
Nice game but hangs often... pls fix this  :)
This is a really cool game 5 stars
I love this game on the iphone but the android version is a bit laggy. Need to update the response time please! None the less, still a super fun and addicting game!
Cute little game, some minor lagging, but cute.
Addictive! !
I love it. The only problem is that some times the slide button does not work. I would rate it 5 stars if the button worked
Soooooo fun i love this game
Its ptetty fun.
I love it but it only gives 1 heart for life. Good game anyways.. :-) 4 stars  ;-)
just cant stop playing this game!
Fun fir when you get bord
Love it :) best game ever :) but it needs to be a little faster but i love it anyways :)
So fun to play !(:
Got it an hour ago can't stop playing... a little laggy but overall addictive
Cool game
Cool game
Love this game!!!
Very addicting!
Kool game..
This game is fun addicting and chalenging
It is fun like angry birds
Cool game a little challenging but cute
My mom and i love it!!! But they should give you more gummy on each level.
This game is addicting. It is fun and simple. Controls are good as well. I have some Mario moments but otherwise It's a great game.
So far so good, havnt really played and asked me to review. it has an interesting story
Great game
It would be better if it didn't skip and if it had more lives. But other than that its an amazing game.
Little glitchy, but addictive
Enjoy playing this game. Has stopped for a while but now resume full time :)
Nice game but I miss the old version.
great game
Nice
Just got it..addicting.
I Like it (:
Oven Break is Fantastic
wow
Yay
I love it  it is so much fun
Very addictive!!
I've just recently downloaded this case and found it to be addictive. The graphic is great and the gingerbreadman is so cute with his sleeping cap ;). Still getting used to how to jump and slide concurrently to be able to swing onto an object but all in all, im liking this game :D
Awesome
i used to have this game on my ipod and im glad to see the play store have it! i recommend this game! :-)
I've been playing this game for awhile now and I can find nothing wrong with it, except maybe the need for gummies and it not being simply a game with no temptation to spend real money . Other than that its great .
Love it. Great fun!
Love it
Its addicting!!
Awesome .......ness
Awsome game great job by com2us
Awesome game
Love it sooooo addicting
很好
It is a very fun game
It is very addictive and fun!!!
It's a really good game and very fun!! Its always working and it's very enjoyable
Fun game that can be played on-the-go
Very fun and addictive on the go.
Its fun, and very addicting!
The game itself is a bit too hard to win but it's fun and looks fantastic
I think its a good game but its hard to get gummis
I think its a good game but its hard to get gummis
Love it
This game is good but moving on to next levels is a lil difficult seeming as u have to have 150 gummies to do that. Makes no sense.
Gd handeye coordination training....really fun!
Its such a fun game, i could play it all day looooong :)
It glitches a little, but.its super addictive and very fun !
Cool game. I had it on my ipod. Now on my phone. Yay. Love it
I love this game
Superb !!!
Fun.
This game is great, it's kind of addictive!!!!
Training level a lil hard but pretty cool game in all. Plus little gingerbread man is cute.
Still not sure why the swing and jump won't work every time, but still an amazing game, very glad they updated it
So glad its on android;  i love this game! the buttons may be slow sometimes but with the 'hooking' all you have to do is press the 'jump' just before the 'slide' instead at the same time. hope i helped :D
Run run as fAr as you can can't catch me I'm the gingerbread man
Fun
Addictive!
This Game Is Amazinq iLove Ehtt<3
Very fun game, but those large adds... Please fix it
Fun
It is addicting great to play on the go:-)
Nice games to release the stress... hohoo
Very addictive!
I like how u can start off where u stop off from i also like how the characters are drawn
I've loved this game since its 1st version and I am psyched for this new version
I love this game and it passes time but sometimes it delays when I hit slide/jump. Please fix!
Cute graphics
great way to pass the time..
Good game, basic but fun
funny!
This game was excellent!!!!!
Super fun
This game is lots of fun. It is super addicting.
Sometimes its hard to get gummies, but this is an okkaayy app. :) :(   ?
A fast pace game.
love it!
Very fun for all ages
I love this game
Sucks opening new levels
Oven Break is a great game and anyone who enjoys a adventures game will like this fast past,time passing game.
Its very addictive great game
Best Game ever
Very addictive game. Simple controls.
Takes a while to download. Really good past time! I recommend you download!!
Good game
Its a great game play it on my pad all the time I LOVE IT
Fun when your noard and really cute
I likey
nice to play but it is too far n long for 1 round @@
I love this game when it was iPod and when I found this I was about to drop a tear this very addicting and fun game but it lags when jump and try slide nd which u can have two life like on the iPod overall fun game :-)
I had this game on the ipod its a little different than what I remember but still fun
But... I wish that you had two lives instead of one like you used to (still do?) On the iPhone version :/
i love the game it is so much fun with all the levels
Good
Great game reccommend to u
Great game √  :)
Great game
Its a really simple idea that I've seen elsewhere but the execution is well above par
Its great but I dont like the fact you have to like it on facebook to unlock a stage.
Really fun and amusing. Takes time away! It always make me want gingee bread man haha
This game is super cool but a littel glitchy....
Its cool
Fun game kids love it.
Not bad.
yay
Fun and addicting
Fffffffuuuuuunnnnn
Fun game!
Great app
This game is great
Good
I love this game it is so addictive!!
Cool
I like it its simple fun and addictive cant wait for the coming soon map ^_^
This game is really entertaining. During times of boredom this game came in handy!
It is a very good game. I like the whole concept of the game
This game is really addicting
great:)
Not totally understanding the point of the collection but i do like it even if it is kinda jumpy
Very fun and visceral. Good sound effects too.
Love gingerbread men
It is an interesting game but super hard if you hqve no gummies
I love this game
Yeah fun game
thank you samusung for making this game available for us!! ive brrn waiting for this game for aggesss! best game eveerrrr but laggy at times. anyways, its really good :D
Always awesome! Glad it's on android now!
I like this game but it sometimes it glitches Please Fix!
the only bad thing is that gummies are hard to get.
The gingerbreadman is super cute^^ the graphics are great!! Colorfhl and cute and good job on the background music;))
I gave it 4 stars cause it has some lag on it which makes it hard to play sometimes(:
Good game, glad it's finally on android
Its very nice But you might have a better story
Fun for my kids to play with
addictive fun game to pass time
Not too shabby
fun and excited!!
Hate that i cant pass.without.buying.but its a very addictive.
fun just like the ios version C:
I just love it but it takes up so much storage sorry
Very Fun :)
Fun
I like this game so much its addictive
this game is so addicting!! only downside is that it sometimes lags when i hit jump/skip and it takes to much gummies to get to the next level!
its really fun
I liked it. But it takes too long to get gummies.
Very fun
A little hard at times but its still lots of fun
Game is fun to play and addictive besides a few button ticks runs awesome
awesome game
Great
Great
nice game
Super addictive!
It continuously force closes on me, but it would probably be good if it didn't, so 4 stars.
Very enjoyable game..
It is not bad provided it doesn't hang sometimes.
Was pretty cute , :)
Pretty good game I likey
This game is excellent if not of the constant need of gummies. If not then this game would definately receive 5 stars from me!
Its fun in all  if you want to kill time
Can't stop playing ovenbreak
Good
Needs to be improved like iPod version. It lags on here and only get one life. But great game!!	Just play for the fun greatest
Can be a wee bit addictive, laggy on some phones, good on my tablet
Fun
AWESOME GAME! Except there should be more levels before the challenge.
AWESOME GAME! Except there should be more levels before the challenge.
Fun game
I love this game!!!!
Fun, easy and cute. Love it.
This game is sooo addictive!! (Even though the controls are bad...) I have been playing this game a lot. You should install it!!!
Good
My kids and o enjoy this game
Good game
Was hard to pass first level but fun
Sweet game like it so much
It's a lot of fun !!!
Love it!!
Fun
I like the gameplay. My only complaint is that the opposite sex finds me irresistible now. It's hard to focus on getting beans when I'm getting blown 24/7. Thanks COM2US!
The game is fun, and its nice that it can be on android too, but in ipods there's a much better version!
This is a nice game, can't stop playing it... Plus the character is very cute...
Fun game
I love this game a whole lot. Its fun and gets addicting. Very enjoyable.
It's good but takes too much to open next challenge. It's better on iPhone.
Cool game :D
I really like this game, you can keep on playing when you're bored and it gets difficult
Great side scrolling game very detailed and smooth!
Nice
Just downloaded the game and played for abit. Cute game..we'll see if I keep playing it.
Pretty great not a fan of needing a great amount of gummys to proceed through levels  Works perfectly on the s3
Best game
Lol okok lah ....
Inlove with the game works well with vizo tablet
Fun and addictive with cute gingerbread character!!
I like it quite a bit. Hubby says i spend too much time playing it! Lol
Fun!!
This game is really interesting. However, i feel quite annoyed when i have to replay 1 level becuz of not having gummys. So i gave 4stars for this game
Addicting!
This is a very fun addicting game for the whole family! The only reason I have it four stars is because there are too little lives. You should our at least three lives then I would definitely rate it five stars!
Really good game!!!(:
((:  nuff saidd!
This game is really addictive and very fun!
Fun and addicting
Love it cant get enough
This is a awsome game that always keeps u guessing
Like the game especially my GF
Love it! !very entertaining
Really cute and cool game!!
Its an awesome game^^ You guys should try it (;
Love it, absolutely awsome.
The jump button seems to lag often but other than that it's a great game
Wish you could have more than one heart at a time though
Fun to play
I really like ovenbreak and com2us is a really good app company,  the only things are when you try to slide it doesn't work and the gingerbread man doesn't jump very high
It's cool.
Great gameeee
Its good and i like playing it ,
Fun
Fun
Thats gd
hey its good get it bye
Very additive and fun should try but sometime the level is a litter bit to hard
I really enjoy Oven Break. I always play it when I get bored. However it can sometimes not respond
Wheen Youur Bored Youu Caan Plaay It . - Its Kindaa Slow Thoe .
Can't stop playing!!!
Ever since my friends iphone i have loved this game...... and it's even better on samsung galaxy tablet
Great game, but can get a bit boring after a while. Needs more things to do
Its very addictive but can get frustrating when it lags or glitches
Its very addictive but can get frustrating when it lags or glitches
Addicting
it is fun to play
Addicting
Very cute gingerbread man, nice colours and sound effects. Very exciting when the speed is increased.
Fun game to play.
The app is alright v... Hard to do alot like line runner but a lot better animation and you collect gummys win prizes am enjoying app and recommend
I love this game
it was a good game but I gotta say the real 1 was a little better
Awesome.!! :)
Three funest game ever
I love playing Oven Break on my galaxy sii but the controls doesn't feel the same as if I were playing on my iPod touch, the 'jump' and 'slide' keys lagged a bit while I was trying to dodge objects in the game. Would've given 5 stars if the game didn't have this problem.
i love this game its so exciting n fun
This game is great. Shame you need so many gummy bears to progress. Nevertheless, good fun.
Good game, sometimes does little freezes while I'm playing though
great
Like the game little trouble with it freezing time to time
Its differs from the iphone version which i love and i love this too ! just a shame you have to buy the next level from training.
Only doing this for the gummiebears but its good but sometimes the buttons lagg and cause you to die
Great
Can't stop playing this. Great :)
Great game
I love this game its so addictive! It frustrated me a few time but never have gotten bored of it.
Fun and challenging
Very fun & entertaining. It's a good game to play to pass some time! Graphics are fun!
I love it
Cute game :) addictingggggg:D new level pleaseee :)
Nice game
Too many tricky parts force to lose lives
I love this game I could stay up all night playing it!!
Very enjoyable.game that takes.a bit of getting used to...would recommend...only falw is u have to get sooo mqny gummys to move to the next level
Fun at the dmv
Enjoying this game:))))
Pretty cool I have it for my tablet.  It's a little touchy sometimes though.
Great
It is such an addicting game cant wait to play again:-D!
it's a very great game. a bit hard but it's fine to me. suitable for people of many age.
Its a good game that keeps me want to keep on playing
Awesome fun for the whole family
I love this game so much! Its so addictive...
Is fun
Fun game but needs too many funniest just to unlock the next stage.
Very cool
I was tying this game for my daughter and ended up playing it for myself. Cute graphics.
Addicting fun but when I liked it on Facebook to get the Christmas one or said error for me and my friend other than that it is awesome
Love it .
It's pretty good for the Samsung Galaxy Gio. I'm not so sure about the gummy stuff but other wise, it's a good game.
This is an awesome game it's bright n colourful it has great sound and graphics n best of all it is free the only problem that I can think of with this game is that it becomes quite a challenge as u pass certain levels but other than that I luv this game I would suggest this to all my friends n family...... p.s thanx heaps to the creaters of this successful game
cute n fun
It's a cool game but it's hard at the same time
It's fun, but sometimes it's hard to some stuff
Obsessed.
Finally for past the prologue love this game only heard good things about it highly addictive (:
The slide button was abit slow to respond at times
Pretty fun game worth checking out to see if you like it
I ges its ok..
Fun game
Super cute and addicting
Cute game!
Fun game
Its fun on the go but it freezes after every level
The game is fun! Exciting as well!
Fun !
Great game, it seems like sometimes it doesn't register the slide or jump button,but I still love it!
I love this game.
Its awsome and funny
It is good but sometimes lags a bit
it's totally a fun & addictive game. everyone will enjoy this game, hardly to stop
Should include in tutorial how to jump over very long distance
Not bad game too pass time.
Its pretty fun and it makes time go by quickly
Its interesting n a perfect timepass. I love it.
Its fun
Nice game!
Could be a little harder just saying.
I love this game its so awesome
Great game I recomend u to get it its really Fun
This is perfect
I think that this is a pretty good game but i am really bad at the hook w the candycane
Fun game!
A fantastic game love it
M TO THE I TO THE N AND T
This game is awesome but I get frustrated sometimes
it ok
It is fun and cool
Very fun and entertaining! fun for all ages
Its pretty tricky if you don't keep your focus on it, but it makes you want to play it more to try and beat it. Its awesome.
This game is very cool I play it every day
Good:)
I love this game it's like I runner so addicting :-)
I love this game! I can play to for a long time and never get bored!
Luv!!! Dis game
Amazing game!
Fun fun fun...
very good
Awesome game!
The graphics are very nice. When they jump is so cute!! Its also entertaining. Great game to play! For all ages also. :) try it! U won't regret
I beat the older version on my I pod touch and couldn't get enough now I'm back for more!!
Coll
very funny game
Amazing
Great game!Love it!!!
the gingerbread man is so lovely.. the game is so fun!
Very fun and addictive but gummys needed for stages can be decreased
Try it
I love that it doesn't lag on my phone~ :3
This is the most fun gameEVER!!
Love this
Love this
Lots of fun
Lots of fun
Great game
I like..this came its hard but i like it
This is a good game and I'm so happy it came out on android:D
cool
Awesome game!! Its just like temple run!!
This is a a some game I could play it all day! They even have a new course called eternal!!
This is a a some game I could play it all day! They even have a new course called eternal!!
This game is just so awesome!
Good game
I <3 ovenbreak
Awesome awesome totally
The best thing ever
Great game
Live it.
Luv it
I love it.
Good they bring back original character
Love it!
I love this game it is an amazing game
I love it app.
I love this game! Im hooked
I love it!!
I like it
I am doing this for gummies
Really fun and addictive! :-)
Great game. A little annoying though.
I enjoy this game a lot! :)
This game id fabtastic!!!
It's a good time burning game when ur bored !
It's a good time burning game when ur bored !
The game is really fun to play except for the fact that I had to spend 150 of my gummys to unlock the challenge stage, and whenever I restart my phone, the whole game goes back to prolouge. Its a really fun and addicting app otherwise, so I recommend it all the way!
Love it... Difficult at first but soon get the hang of it
Funny
Totally worth the download.
I lie it
Its ok.
I had it on the iPhone & was thrilled to find it on the android market! MUST HAVE! Addicted!
This is a great game!! I love it
Love it! Awesome
Fun
Wow i didnt know that i would be really addicted to this game!!
:D
Great game
Addicting its lots of fun :)
Fun
Great app! So much fun!
I like it
This is the best game  ever its so adicting
I love the game it is cool it is very addicting
My daughter loves playing this game.
me and my sister really like this game
I reele line it
Really fun game!!!
Fun challenging game to play
Love gingetbreab man
Love gingetbreab man
Better than iRunner
no words needed.
Cool game it's the best
Nice
It is so fun and so addicting!!!!!!!    <3
It is so fun and so addicting!!!!!!!    <3
Great game so addicting!!! :)
Love this game :)  fun and addicting
This game is insane :D
Very addictive, but loving it
Good
I love this game <3
Great game
Its Great
Awesome
This game is great I Love it!!
Aaaaaaawwwwweeeeessssssoooooommmmmmeeeeeee
Enjoyable
Just started playing it and I love it already
I liked the first one better this one iz kinda wack
I liked the first one better this one iz kinda wack
I love this game its fun fun funnnnnnn for the whole family great job guys
I love this game its fun fun funnnnnnn for the whole family great job guys
Luv it
This game is so cute and entertaining=]
Good when im able to play it . It crashes before i get to play x had it on my iphone and it never done this. Now on my samsung y does not work please fix !!!
Its a awsome game
Good game it's easy
Sooo fun! : D
Cool.game
This game is challenging
Awsome
Love it  . Its fun n cute
Its super fun  my bros and sis won t stop watching me play this awsome game hope you make more games
This game is really cool. No problems at all :)
Its really fun and enjoyable but i keep getting confused on hooking plz help anybody
Love
Good game
It works great, I like it and my daughter loves it too. :-)
It works great, I like it and my daughter loves it too. :-)
Fun!
Amazing game
Fun game ..now give me my gummys
Awsome
Fun game and easy to play
A good game that increases concentration.
This is the funnest game I've found on my phone so far!! Yay!! :-P
Very fun and irritating!! Live it!!
Lovvvveeeee itttt
Cool
I love this game
I like this game very fun and addicting
I liked it a lot
The game is ok
Amazing game
i lovr this game all thought its slow at times :P its good quality and very fun :D
Awsome game
Best game ever!!!! Download now!!
Totes amazeballs, propa fabby defiantly wurth the download lols xxxoxxxoooXoooxxxoxxx
Cute n fun!!
It is so fun and the gingerbread people,are so cute.
Kids love it
I love this game, it's so addicting. If you don't install this game, you are missing out on all the fun.
I really like this game!! I played every aingle level it very fun to play!! You should get it
I love it. It's nice and addictive.
Great game it just needs more levels
This game is very fun and challenging and helps pass the time fast lol
Really addicting game, time consuming, and one of the best run jump games I have installed. Keep it up com2us
Awesome game
Best game ever!!!!!
I love this game but it keeps crashing!! :-(
Magnificent
Good game
its so.......fun!!!
It's an awesome game
Im freakin love this game its sooooo fantastic!!!!!!! :)
Really good nice quality
Best game ever
I love this game....
This is a Fun Game to play when board little hard but good.
I had this on my iPod and I'm so happy its kn Android. No lags or anything so far!
I adore this game! I like that it's difficult enough so you don't finish it in one day :)
This game is really fun and I'm just addicted to it right now ;)
Its pretty fun and passes the time.
Im glad they have this on here. Richtofen...
I think this game is fun
This game is really cool its really different than my other games that usually freeze up but this one doesn't!!!!!!!
Awesome yo!! Lol
Awesome game
I really love this game....keeps me busy when I'm bored.
Is it just my phone? The response was just not fast enough. I already tap the slide or jump but it does not directly move
:) so fun!
This is a really good game! Play it all the time!!
This is a really good game! Play it all the time!!
Its awesome
Great
Good
Awesome game
Good game easy to get gummys(money)
I love it's..besttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttggtg
This game is really fun and addicting I love it :D
This game is so awesome
Really fun and I love it.
This gamr is pretty awsome. You should  get it.
Its pretty good
Its pretty good
I'm starting to really like this game company I now have a folder of 4 of their games. The running game is cute, great graphics and surprisingly good and simple controls and maneuvers I love how gingerbread uses his cane to grab and slide. Also the animation at the end won me over!!! Kawaii
Whole game for free awesome
The best game
A++
It's a great game. I love it a lot
It's a great game. I love it a lot
Cool game. I love it! Awesomely fun!!
It's a great game! Especially the gingerbread is soo CUTE!
COOL GAME!!!!!
I was searching a game like this. The cookie man just running all over the place, there is nothing else but i still find this game joyfull.
This game is cool
Awesome game :) really enjoyable!
this game is awesome!!
It's a pretty snazzy game. I like it c:
It's a pretty snazzy game. I like it c:
best game i ever play
Not bad. It can be a pretty addictive game, though.
Not bad. It can be a pretty addictive game, though.
Amzing
Luv this game! Played it once and instantly fell in love!!!
Really addictive game! Once you begin you cant stop!
Nice Graphics and controls
This game is so much fun! I have it on my android and I can't stop playing it!! Makes the time pass!
I enjoy it
A little lag. But a great game
:)
Cooll.but afyer a while it gets sooo freakin boringg
I love this game!
Great game
Oh my WIZARD GOD! THIS game is sooooo cute!!
Oh my WIZARD GOD! THIS game is sooooo cute!!
Wow I love this game somfun!!!!!!!
Great game
Great game
Emmmm
Emmmm
It's a very fun game for most ages!
This game is truly an awesome game. I loved this game so much it gets really addicting. You better download this awesome game
I love this game its fun but sometimes the buttons are slow
this game is great you will love it
Love this game
Love this game
Awesome game!
I really good game
it was a good game and it is an enjoying game       but sometimes it plays slow
Dude, this game is like the best game you could ever have!!!!!
This is the best game ever
I love this game so much its so cute and claiming
This game
My son and I enjoy playing this game :)
Cool game
This game is just so addicting. Sometimes it freezes but It doesn't make too much effects. The art is so cute. Love this!
FuN!! Totally loving it! ^.^
Excellent
Brilliant
Awesome game! Very addictive.
Awesome game! Very addictive.
fantastic game
great
its awesome
Great games
Quite nice.
This game couldn't get better I love it
I love this game so much  :)
Excellent
thix game ix soo addictin''.I'm  lovin itt<3<3<3
Really fun game works great on my Android phone just runs a little slow at times and screws up my jumps but other then that I'm obsessed (:
Please help, i can't unlock Christmas mode eventho I've liked FB... It is very cute... better than other ninja running games ♥  No glitches or such mentioned in the previous comments.
Very cute game easy to play..  my kids love it...  very good
Very fun.
The game is fun but it doesn't always slide when you push the button and it glitches but other than that fun
Its a addicting fun game, i got alot of my friends into it.
I love this game
A really fun addicting game
Good
Really fun to play when your bored
Also super fun! :-)
It's really fun, Awesome.!(:
It's really fun, Awesome.!(:
Really good game!
I love this game I play it everday(:
I love this game I play it everday(:
Great game on HTC rhyme
Sick game buff said
Great game extremely addictive!
I love this game, I am seriously addicted to it I play it all the time :)
I love this game, I am seriously addicted to it I play it all the time :)
So much fun :)
Love it
Soooo fun
Oven break is totes amaze
Oven break is totes amaze
Its so fun
.
Fun game boring after while down load n try it out
Yeah
Interesting game;D
i think it was great... i was searching it for ages n i finally found it!   :)
Totally addicting
Ok game if u can get passed training
this game is adorable. I love playing it.
Cute and fun game
fun
fun
Fun!
Excellent
Awesome :)
I luv oven break its really fun but it took me a while to finish the second one! :o. How hsrd will it get??? :P
Great game. I love it!!
I like it
Love is like ginger bread men
I absoulutly love this game :)
This game is really addicting! I have it on my samsung galaxy S 2 epic 4G touch and it is really fun! :)
So much fun but the ads arent the best
Its fun and entertaining keeps your attention for a while
Its fun and entertaining keeps your attention for a while
super fun
I love this game
I love this game
Great game :)
Fun game. :) addicting
Fun game.
Nice
Awesome
Best game of life!!!! :]
I love this game i could play it all day
Fun
I love it
Awesome game
REALLY good!;)
Great
This is my absolute favorite game ever
This game is off the charts Its hard to pass but awesome
A lot of fun.
This game sooo much fun!! :-)
It is a really fun game
I looovee iiittttt
Cool game better than that zombierun game
Great to pass the time. Just started playing, it was reccomended by a friend. I love it :)
It's a pretty good way to kill 20 minutes.
It's a pretty good way to kill 20 minutes.
I love this game its fun nothing bad with my phone happens and the gingerbtead man is adorable!
I love this game...  Sory much fun,, ouwh.... My heartbeats running fast haha Lolz
Its so much fun when I don't have anything to do I play and it makes me happy
I love this game so much!its fantastic!
Awesome!
Addicting
I loved this game and I would recommend this to anyone!
hey it very nice play!keep improving it!
This game is very addicting & very cute. Although it freezes sometimes, I still love it. *^▁^*
Its really nice
Its a fun game and parents, your kids will LOVE it.
So addicting! I can't stop playing it xD
This game is awesome and soo cute
Arrrr
Very addictive
Fun and cute ;-)
It good
Fun.
I love this game
very fun:)) teehee.
we loved it
Its a nice game and so cool!
It is too fast and hard.But without them this won't be additive.By the way very challenging but fun!
I honestly truthly love this game. I can play this for hours
Cool game !!! :)
I had this on my iPod and I absolutely LOVED it.  I'm so glad it's available on android as well! ♥
Cute graphics get to me everytime. Really speeds up towards the end of each level. Third level is a real killer.
Love this game!
I really think it is the besy game.
Cool
Cool
Cool game I really like it!
I like this game a lot! its fun and challenging:)
Really awesome and cool
I love this game its fun
I'm really enjoying it.
Hi
Its so fun!
Good
I love this game
It is very fun
It is very fun
It is very fun
It is awesome
It is awesome
This is the cutest game ever. :) makes me want a cookie. XD
This game is very creative and cute
I love it !!!!!!
just give it some time to load i have been dying for this to come on android
Fantastic game
Fantastic game
....
Fun to waste time.
i like this game so much. it is exciting
Really fun good gqme you should get it whoever wants to or is thinking off getting it	Great awesome game
This game had me hooked for ages!!
This game had me hooked for ages!!
Very additting game!
I love this game
I really love this game
Good gme
Funny little game
I like most of it but sometimes it gets stuck
Its very fun
Every time I unlock a level,it gets more exciting and thrilling!:)
I love Ovenbreak. It is just a game that you can play when your bored :)
Love it
this app is awesome now stop pestering us with ads
It's a fUn game. And very intense and addicting aT times!
Very Fun To Play When Your Very Bored : )
really good!
Very fun
Having fun
Cute
I like it cause you just have to look out and find the right button
Awesome!!!!!!
Love this game!
I love it. Its so much fun!!
The game is great but it'll freeze and go and freeze and go non stop so it'll mess me up while I'm playing. And the next levels will not open.
Cute game. It is so addictive.
Really fun game
I like it! I love it i want more of it!
Royolaty is the answer wait no its jst awesome
Awesome and entertaining game for anyone any age
I love this game very much. Run gingerbread run!
this game is lots of fun!!!!!
Cool
Hi
It's movable to as card
Like this game is fun to kill time!!!
If u want a addictive game then get this one
Very good
Can't stop playing
Its pretty funi guess lil bro loves it
Its so addictive!! Amazing
This came is awesome
Good. It's cute.
Its just like the ipod version, doesnt skip but occasionally freezes but worth the download
Very fun game, so addicting!!
Its a good game play it :3
great job gingef bread man u made a really gokd game
Great game glad its on android
Cute game easy controls lotsa fun!
Do u now how long I been looking for this game lol I don't think I can put it down....
Not as good as the apple version but it'll do :)
Good works perfectly on my samsung galexy s!!! :)
cool
Love it
Its fun to play!
Great
I love this game! X3
Fun and challenging game
Fun and challenging game
This is awesome
Awsome
Nice game :)
Very fun
Very fun
I love this game so much. This one of my favorite game.
It was fun.
Love it !
It is freaking epic
Good
You got to get this game Its fun burbothers the eyes a little bit bit cool
The Best Game :)
It is an awesome
Awesome game!!!!
Awesome
I love this game alot had it on here before and then I had to backup and reset so every thing got erased and I just had to redownload it
A really fun game. It's awesome!!!!!!!!!
Great game! I'm obsessed!
Coolest and funnest game iv ever played
Coolest and funnest game iv ever played
Brilliant, love this game, makes me All happy inside xD xx
Though its slow its an amazing game
I have this game on my ipod a I really enjoy it so I was soo happy to see it be put on my phone although on my ipod its by the devilsister or something but it is still great definitely recommend this app
Fun
I love this game
Such a fun game
Awsome game get it
I love this game install install installl
I love this game
Super fun when you have nothing else to do
Fun.
It is cool but hard
I <3 this game its so fun and addicting!!!
This game is so cool and awsome!
This was awesome
Really enjoyable, can't stop playing.
Really enjoyable, can't stop playing.
Really enjoyable, can't stop playing.
Love this game. simply concept but difficult enough to keep you coming back for more
My favorite game in the world
Its very cute and entertaining.
No problems it's fun for all ages !
Sooo addictive great app
Sooo addictive great app
Best game ever!!
Oven break is a very very fun game everyone will enjoy it!!!
I love this games I can play it all day!!!!
Fun game ! (:
Fun game ! (:
This game is so addicting!!!
Very fun game
Love this game
Love this game
Fun game
Nice game!!
Cool
I was loving ovenbreak on my itouch but on my android its kinda slow as in the gingerbread is slow at running.  a free update wouldt hurt
This game never fails to entertain!
its cool
its cool
it is a cool and fun game
I love this game
Fun
My little girl loves this game and whenever we are in the car or at a restourant she is always playing this game
I love this game soooo much. Its super cute too.
The gingerbreadman idps sooo cute! I love this game
Can't stop playing!
Bestest game ever :D
Love it
So fun!! I'm addicted!
Cute but half the time my controls don't work
This is off the chain
It real fun
It real fun
This is a great game for car rides and trips. Haven't had any problems and have loved playing oven break. Easy game and takes time and patience to get through the levels.
I Love It !
It's the best game ever
This is such a great game. My little sister adore this game. Funny sound affects. ^_^
You download as soon as you see it
Great game n so addictive!
I love its all i play<333love it
Really fun and addictive you wont want to stop playing it
Its pretty cool game
I love this game!!
I  love this game !!
Five stars
I love this game, I play it all the time !:D
Iys good
Good game!!
its nice but it doesnt slide even when i press the button which is annoying.
So addicting!! I love it u will 2.
Awesomezxc
love it!!
Fun
SO HARD LOL. I LOVE THE FACES THEY MAKE.
Awesome, enjoyable game.
Cute and interesting!
Awesome game
Love this game! I'm addicted!!   Galaxy S III
Really addictive
Fun!!!
Its a good game. I enjoy it.
These people  who made up this game are dumass bitches who gay people!!!!!!
Great game
I absolutely love this game. I'm addicted to it, my boyfriend plays it all the time on my phone when ever we hangout.  I love this game!!
I love this game
Fun
Subject if this comment says it all dunnit
I live ovenbreak its so fun
This game is awwweeesomee!!!
i love this game woooo!
Very cool and wil keep u busy
Its fun
Awesome its a deffenet download its addictive!!
Alsome I love it
funny and addicting
I love this game its so addicting
I love this game its so addicting
It's a fun game
this game is SO fun!!!!! :-D love it!
Awesome
Love this game! X)
Fab game
funny n cute!!
funny n cute!!
Yay gummies
good game
Oven break is a really fun and addictive game. Its one of my top 3 favourite games
Awesomee
Awesomee
Oven break rocks!!!!!!!!!!
funny game
It's a good game but there better ones like it out there.
Major fun
I love it
Incredibly Fun!! I play it all day. Incredibly addicting too!
Incredibly Fun!! I play it all day. Incredibly addicting too!
i like oven break
Awsome game:)
I just randomly stumbled upon this super cute game and i love it! This game is addictive, its all about timing and practice
I love this its so addicting!!
I love this its so addicting!!
I love this game my friend had it on her iPod I was so excited when I found out my tablet could get it
This game is great this is the first time I used it and I'm only on training but it is still really good
It's a good game it needs 5stars
This is so fun
I love this game!
Good game
Great distraction for kids... works on rooted bionic with ics
Makes me think of Shrek and the Muffin Man.....THE MUFFIN MAN!
Great game
I love this game
Good
Time goes by soo quickly when playing this game!
Lalalalalalallaallala
Even though ive been playing for just 10 minutes! Tho iya a bit jard to swing coz you have to press the buttuns really fast....
I love this game!!!!!
This game is awsome i have on my ipod and my android
Nice
Its so much fun
Amazing game never give up.
Amazing game never give up.
Love it
Coool
Awesome game!!!
One word...Awesome!
5 stars xxx
My favorite game
This is my fave game
For now this game is preaty cool.
For now this game is preaty cool.
I love it
Very fun game
Awesome
It's very fun..I like it...
It addictive n awesome :)
Lol
What a great app.. :) Very addicting.
Its a really fun and addicting game
A very fun game.
I love this game i play it every day its so fun id for you to play it
Brill game
Gooooooood
Cushty;)
The only game I play for so long. Period.
Love this game! :)
AWESOME! :D
An awesome and exciting game!!! (Pls bring the Skittle version to Android - many thanks!)
I love this game!! Thumbs up!
fun fun fun!!!
Go
Go
Lol
My child loves this game
Cute
App works well, cute graphics and endless fun.
Really fun and. addictive
Cool and cute
Luv this game
Luv this game
the game is very colourful and interesting
Such an amazing game(:
this is the best gamee :-)
Cool
Good
Good
I love it
Good , great , excellent , perfect , nice :D but sometimes it is laggy
Its fun and addictive good to keep you occupied for a while
This is really really cute!! The animations and stuff are sooooo cute and it gets harder and harder for every level but it also gets better at the same time! Mustttttt download!  :D
Best game ever
Love it! It doesnt stop and i can pause.
Awesome like that
Awesome like that
Nice
its a super fun and kind of addicting game!
its a super fun and kind of addicting game!
its a super fun and kind of addicting game!
Just started playing and im enjoying every bit of it so far. I love the graphics!
Really like te game
Love it
So fun. Just wish I did't have to pay.for gummies.
The game is cute and and animation is lively must play!
One of the best games, can never seem to put down
I love oven break!!!
I'm hooked on this game I love it
I'm in love wt this game
It is a cool game I love it.
Awesome game I recomend it
Finally its on android
This is really awesome
My son love it... And me to.....
My son love it... And me to.....
This is the funnest game in the world
So fun
I love this game its really colorful... but the roads are kinda long. :-)
The game is asmon
This game very bad but good
This game very bad but good
Its awesome and challenging! love it!!
Awesome! I love it:)
I am really enjoying this game so far. I haven't found any mistakes so far. I definitely recommend this game to anyone (:
It's funny^^
Great
So addictive
its so addicting and fun
its so addicting and fun
i love i
Great Game.
Played this game on the iPhone but when I switched to the android I wanted to get it again. I could play this all day.. if I had the time.
Very good game
I love this game soooooo much defiantly recommend it
This game is amazing and fun
This game is amazing and fun
Great game not bad
Run, run, as fast as you can. You can't catch me, i'm the gingerbread man!
Love this game, very good.
Good
Its a fun game
Oven break is soo good i love it. Im addicted to it. :)
Its a really AWESOME fun game
Love this game.  great fun
Great
nice gameت
It's really fun
Good game. Great way to pass the time
Advendurerous
i always play this n glad to find on android
definitely download loads of fun plus it is challenging
I loooveee this gameee! Nothing wrong with it
I really enjoy playinthis game
Oven Bake is so much fun it's RIDICULOUS!!!
Very fun game, abit challenging though
Awesome
Love this game. Absolutely addicting
Ok! I love this game. Yeah it lags but the game is awesome. Sometimes the slide button is slow and it lags there's no need to hate oven break I love it!
I wouldent say its the best but its good :)
Best game ever!
It is a amazing game and a good time waster. If your board this is the perfect game :)
It is a amazing game and a good time waster. If your board this is the perfect game :)
I love this game
I love this game
Love this game its addicting!!!!
Excellent game
This game is amazing! Its extremely addicting yet super fun! Great game! Worth downloading!
This is my favorite game
Its very addictive & fun . I love it!
I love this game!(:
Fun game
its really good
GREAT ツ
GREAT ツ
Very fun game time waster
Very fun game time waster
Very fun game time waster
It's good when I'm bored
This game keeps you with it all the time, as soon as i have the chance to play, i click it to play it and enjoy the time!!
Its addictive
Nice game
Love it ! Good graphic, cute character , and free as well.. It is worth my five stars.. :)
Awesome addicting game .
Awesome addicting game .
funny! i love it. play it everyday.
Awesome
Its cool NO awesome no EXCELLENT ahh I don't know???
Its cool NO awesome no EXCELLENT ahh I don't know???
It's fun
It's fun
I really like this game. It's fun! The only thing I don't like, is the ads that pops up, but other than that, it's a great game. :)
This game is addicting!!!!
This game is addicting!!!!
Love it
Nice!!!!!
This game is so fun !
Love playing it
Awesome game !
Awesome game !
Loved it it amazing but hard trying to get past the training
Just doing this review for free gummies
I now can always play something on road trips or when I'm bored at home I recommend this game to all ages
If you dont play u will regret.
Fun!! Working fine so far
best game evr
Even though it lags sometimes,the graphics are so good and i like the music;-)
My fav game
Awsome game
This is awesome!  C:
Can't stop playing
Can't stop playing
Amazing game
This is a really fun game
This game is spot on AMAZING!!!!  :D
This game is spot on AMAZING!!!!  :D
good job
good job
good job
This game is so much fun i love it
This is a great game
This is a really fun game :)
Great game for the holiday season
Its a.great game. I gieit a five
Brilliant game very addictive
i downloaded it but it wont let me play the game! everytime i open it it tells me to report it or force close it!  i've been on it on my friends ipods and i love it! its a shame i cant get it! please fix!
It can get boring sometimes but some how I am addicted.
I love this game get it
Used to play it on a friends ipod, glad its on android now
i love this game
Awsome game!!
Exciting
Wow i lov this game its very addicting one time i wasted all of my batery on this game
This game is soo BAU55
Awesome!
I love this game
This is so cute u will love it
So fun sia
Fun game to past the time i like it takes a while to get the hold of it but fun
i love this game! i can train my response!!!!
I love this game. It is very addictive(: Great job!(:
I love this game. It is very addictive(: Great job!(:
love this game
Great Game! :-)
good
Nice and addictive
Great game doesnt really shut down I re ommend this game to everyone
the games is best
Its a cute ans fun game :)
Ovenbreak is an excellent game! It is very addictive and trains for quick reflexes. (: love it! <3
Fun
This game is the bomb !
Its fun
Best game ever
Awesome game,pleze pleze rate:)
Thos game is cool
Lots of fun.  c:
AWSOME GAME LOVE IT
AWSOME GAME LOVE IT
I love this game as on android the screen is bigger than iphone!
I love it
keeps me entertained! Fun and quick! Love unlocking new levels and can't wait for more to come out!
Love it sooooo fun!:-):-):-)
Ive only had it for like 10 minutes so far its fun, but it could get boring if there isnt new things added to the next levels.. we will c .
ITS REALLY ADDICTING TO MEHZZZ!!!! LUV IT!!!!! SHUD HAVE UPDATES!!! MAKE MORE LEVELS AND GET FREE GUMMIES FOR DOWNLOADING OTHER GAMES!!!!
Boss game.
Love it!
Best game ever played even better than temple run !
I love this game
This is a good, fun game. This Is a must have
I love it! So fun!
Very cool and very addictive
Great game
so fun, bright and colourful! 0.0
Its fun  but takes too long to unlock levels
I love this game soooooo much!
Very very awesomenes
Great game!
Love it(: its so addicting and the gingerbread man is so cute! Definetly get this it is woth it!
Quite fun pretty challenging fast fillfillfillfillfillfill
Quite fun pretty challenging fast fillfillfillfillfillfill
This game is so much fun.
I give this game a five star cause this is the best game ever I have a LG vortex and it never shut down on me :-D
Loved it
I wuv dis game
Great game! Fun and addictive.
I love the game
I like to play as sometime it is hallenging
Amazing
Great game lots of fun i never wanna stop playing it   Love it
Best game everthat I have played
I love this game it works brilliantly with no problems at all! Great game for when you are bored
I luv luv luv it
Love the app.better than itunes version!
Cute and funny.
Cool
Good
Good
I love it! Its awesome!
This game is just awesome
it is to show show show
<3
a fun game !!
I luv thiss
Com2:)s us the best i love all their game and the is the BEST
Com2:)s us the best i love all their game and the is the BEST
I love this game I used to always play it on my old iPod :D
Its so cute and addicting! I've been playing it all day. <3
Abdomen game luv the graphics
This game is so addictive my friend made me download it on my old phone and ive downloaded on every phone I had after that <3
Its tbe besssttttt
Wicked fun
Cool game
Cool game
Love it and so does my daughter
I've loved this game ever since i downloaded it on my friend's iPod last year!! It's so fun,, idk about everyone else's phone but mine does not freeze up or anything like that....i  this game 
Ditto!
Ditto!
Addicting game But awesomeee        Love it to pieces
Love it
Is so fun
This Game Is Super Fun & Cute. It's Simple Yet Makes You Focus At The Same Time .
Very fun game!
This game is so fun. I love it.
Omg this game is addicting. The only issue I have is that sometimes the buttons don't respond when I tap them.
I enjoy the strategic game. Its very rime passing.
This is the best game ever i play it all time and never get bored
This is the best game ever i play it all time and never get bored
Fun game
Okay it was just ok
Interesting n addictive
This is the Best
This is the Best
I love it! Lags sometimes but still super fun. Glad that it's finally on android.
i love this game
Good game
Freaking amazing game
This game is great. It's very addicting and I can't stop playing
It rocks I play it all the time! I am addicted to this game except I wish ypi dint have to buy the levels
I really like the simplicity and challenge.
This game is one of my favorites, I have it for my ipad, and now for my cellphone, its great, I like The gameplay, The leves, The graphics, everything
Great game. Love it
So addictive.....love it!!!
This game is creative, fun, challenging and great for all ages
Wow
Excellent game love it!
Love it its a game I can play with my daughter she loves it
Love it its a game I can play with my daughter she loves it
Very addicting for both my 4 yr old and I.
This is a pretty sweet game
Its fun
This game so fun and addicting I love it!!!!
This game is very addicting
This game is very addicting
Very good game
Very addictive!!
Very addicting, love it!
Me lobe it!
I love and like this game
I love and like this game
It's easy to play and a lot of fun!
Such a cute and fun game... so far no problems...
I really enjoy it.. its really fun. :)
Addictive like hell, love love love that game! Great on both android and iphone!!
This game is veryy very fun!!
This game is veryy very fun!!
Very nice game but can be very vomatrocious
Awesome!
I had a fun time whike I doing this game
This Gamee Iss Awesomeee
Love it! Very addicting...
Awesome
Best game ever! I am soo addicted
Eh
The best ever my friend told me bout this game!! So much fun!! But takes up alot of space though :/ but good game!! Now gotta go back to the game see ya niggas!!
Love this game.
Love this game.
Awsome fun to play when bored but button don't work sometimes
AWESOME
Cool
Fun game
Five stars!
Controls do take some getting used to but once you've got the hang of it you can't help but to keep playing!
This game is so awesome it is so fun everyone should have this game:-)
Fun
Love it
Awesome
love this game! never gets old! wish it didn't take so long to get to next levels though
love this game! never gets old! wish it didn't take so long to get to next levels though
Cool
I love this game!!!
Great
This game is excallent and its fun
This game is excallent and its fun
Oven break gets better and better
I like this game but only hate one thing it freezes and then i die. Plz fix!!!
I love this game
nice game
I love this game so buy it
Love this game, can't stop playing it.
an amazing game for all the ages.
Love it
Good Game
JULIE ERICA u
JULIE ERICA u
It is an awesome game
Cool game to hang out with..
Gd game
Great Fun game! Really enjoyed which it had for levels
Im really enjoying this game
It is an extremely fun and addictive game!I enjoyed it and I hope we can have more levels in the future! :)
Great game! Gingerbread man is sooooooo cute!
THIS GAME IS SO AMAZING!!!!!!!!  I'M SO GLAD I GOT IT.
This game is soooo addicting and fun..... Love the new cute animations
Cute addictive game
Is Soooo hard
This game is awesome:)
So cute and fun!
Just started. Playing it and is already. Loving the game . At the beginning. It needs to load faster. Maybe. It's. Just for a LG phone problem. Otherwise. A great. Game to play. :)
Great game
Played itfor 6 hours straight
This is so cool
Love to play
Great!
awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love this game......perfect for when I need to pass the time!!
Good time  waster!
It's a thrilling game that makes you run
Bestgameever
This game is adorable and very well done. Though sometimes frustrating. That's what makes a good game though :)
Great game! Absoloutely love it!!XX
Good game I like how he knocks into something if accidentally it pushes him away
I love this game!!  Its soooo fun! #1 game! Hope everyone likes it!
I think oven break is a very fun game.
I really love it because its.hard to beat .
So addictive
Its pretty good
Awesome game sorta hard
I love this game it's a lot of fun!
Awsome
Just love it
Luv it. Nothin more to say. XxX
A lil laggy
This is a very fun game
Very fun for car rides!
Good game
its a really fun game
I love this game it is addicting and fun makes me want jelly beans lol
So awesome it brings fantasy an action together very well for a little kid.
I like it
Best game I've played in awhile.
Best game I've played in awhile.
this is a good game but takes forever to load.
Its the most addicting game you can find and the most creative game created. Its AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!
I love this game very addictive
gd to play when bored
Very addictive
I love this game it is so fun !!!!!
Top game but v addictive!
Great time killer , 5 stars !
I so love this app! Its addictive.
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Good
Great game
Yeah
Great game with funny character and easy gameplay. Even though it's a little bit lag when choose the menu. But overall great ;)
I love it! It is so fun. A few months ago, I've had a Ipod and I always play Ovenbreak on it. Luckily, I've bought a Samsung Galaxy S 2, and I heard that it is also out on Android. I am so happy!
I love it! It is so fun. A few months ago, I've had a Ipod and I always play Ovenbreak on it. Luckily, I've bought a Samsung Galaxy S 2, and I heard that it is also out on Android. I am so happy!
Very addictive
Woahwoahwoah such a fun game
very cute game! (:
very cute game! (:
Haha...kinda kool
I've loved ovenbreak since the first time I played it. It's so entertaining I make sure all my friends have it so that whoever I'm with I can play. Even though I have no phone or ipod etc. I can still play it on others electronical devices.
Good
Good
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this game! Its soon much fun and I am addict!(;
ovenbresk is my favorite game yea bebbe
I love this game!!! Best game ever!!! <3
Just downloaded because my mom is a huge gingerbread fan but I think the graphics are adorable. Just finished the prologue level and haven't experienced any lagging or negative stuff like that so hopefully it will continue to perform great. Keep it up.
Great game fun and funny
I love this game this its very entertaining
Its a fun game:) could use more levels though...
Its a fun game:) could use more levels though...
love it . im addicted
This game is rellay fun
Gingeramazing
At first I couldn't get through training but now I did it I'm completing the challenges and I cant stop playing
At first I couldn't get through training but now I did it I'm completing the challenges and I cant stop playing
Wow itvis thw best game i have ever played
Very fun
love this game. so addicting !
Good time killer.. entertaining too
It's an awesome game!!!!! Everyone should play it!!!!!!
It is really cool
fun and easy to play
cute.game, challenging enough to be entertaing for a while. runs clear and smooth on epic touch
I love this game...I played it on my iPhone and it seems a lot better on Samsung galaxy s2....
I love this game...I played it on my iPhone and it seems a lot better on Samsung galaxy s2....
Oven break is a fantastic game.
Loved this game its a lot of fun to play you never get sick of playing it
Really fun and addicting just lags a bit
This game is perfect for all ages and is very addictive!
This like what i play all day
My 9 yr old teases me cause I love this game but, its addictive!
My 9 yr old teases me cause I love this game but, its addictive!
I friggin love this game
The worst game I ever played in my life...and I am a huge gamer
Awesome
Nice game
Just leaving this here for.the gummy bears
So glad its finally on Android.
Best game ever
F.U.N.!!! Makes you feel like a kid all over again...
I love this game!! <333
This game is great just wish there were more lives! :-D :-)
I really like this game
This game is just like runner
Great game
Its a nice little game. I can actually enjoy it.
Cool!
Awesome
It is non stop fun
It is non stop fun
Its awesome!!!
LOVE this game. The only thing that's bad is that it takes so much room, but it's still great.
This game is so awesome! To me its better than all games!
Fun to play but a little slow responding.
Addicting!
this game. is asome
I just love it a little hard at times but I love it!
Hell yes
So much fun to play
Great graphics, and runs smoothly other than the occasionally jitter.
Fun, addicting, and challenging
I hope they bring out the coming soon part fast!
Jdjdhdhfdhdhdbdbdgf
Fun game and cute graphics~ But a bit laggy
I love it so much and keep playing everyday
Fun game
Its a really addicting but fun  game
I love it!♥♡
This game is amazing its also entertaining i can play it for hours and hours and not get tired of it (:
I love this game it is fun
Some nights
Its a good game but I would rather for it to have a little more things for you to have to collect:)
GOODY
The ginger bread man is so cute n the game is great to play i love the music
Good
I love it
Must play
Worth all the time
Best game ever
Fun game
Fun game
I was so addictated that's lost track of time
Great
So far it is a fun run and collect game
Its very fun XD no problems whatsoever, I'd play it all day if I could
Very fun.. and very cute game. Works perfect with my desire v.
I love this game quick loadin
This game is SOO COOL!"
I love this game so much it is the best game in the world
Awesome
Game is very awsome. This game is cool and it have great graphics.very addictive and fun. Please make more.
This game is awsome but if only if it was like temple run
I love this game
It's a really good game, apart from whenever I try to play on the training level the app freezes and exits me out straight away.
I love this game its alot of fun
I love this game its alot of fun
I love this game its alot of fun
Very nice!!!
Great game! Its challenging but rewarding at the same time!
Love it
Awesome and addictive
Awesome and addictive
Cool
Fun to play doesn't skip really hard thought but fun
I love this game
I think it is a really good game and very entertaining and I just love
AWESOME I luv it Thx Make More Oven Breaks
best way to make time pass by faster.. like the ninja one more but this one is much more exciting and challenging.. :)
this game is great.
Me and my bro play this together and we LOVE it!!!!
Love it
I love this game so much! Definitely one of my favourite apps!
Tis good
Its cool!
Extraordinary gingerbreak and jelly! Just two words... Love it!
Very good
I Enjoy Playing this game odee much
I love your game
Good
This game could keep me occupied for days... If only my phone could keep charged for that long :)
This game could keep me occupied for days... If only my phone could keep charged for that long :)
I love this game! So much fun i play it all the time!(:
Love iitt
Love iitt
Really.fun game, I'd definitely becomes it to anyone.
Its fun  Jjhhbbh
I love game.  Great time killer.
So addicting. Can't stop playing.
Once I start playing can stop
Love this game! It's addictive and super adorable! I'm eagerly awaiting the next levels to come out!
Like
This game is sick. Very fun to play.
Like it !!!!
I loved this game!
So addicting, my kids make me play and they watch and just laugh.
Only for  the sake getting a few free gummy bears eventhough i dont know what its function yet..hehe..
I thought this was a great game I loved it!!
This is an amazing game ! Its really challenging and I don't wanna put it down !!
Cool
It is so awesome
Cute game
Cute game
I love this game and I love the gingerbread man!
This gAME IS AWESOME AND SO ADDICTIVE
I love this game and its so addicting.
Great game!!
Great game!!
Great time waster
Great time waster
Its to expensive to get to the next level it should be that once you finish the level you should be able to unlock the next level
Love it!!! :))
Great for times when you're trying to kill time.
It's good fun
But it was more difficult than iphone:O
A must get!!!!!!!
Great game! But can get repetitive
i think its great really good to pass time
Love this game
This is an awesome game!  I cant put it down! If you like arcade games, youll love this game!
I love it but i wish i had that much of skitols
This game is very very fun!
I like it alot
Cant stop playing dreaming about jellybeans
Dxx
Awesome
This game is ok..it made me dizzy tho from all that running.
Great game
Fun and addictive good time waxter too
This game has always been one of my favorites. Its addicting and fun. : D
Whoah this is the best of com2us game I ever install.  Start running
This game is the best. I really like it
I love this game  I think I'm addicted to this game
Greats game !!
I like the game
This game is so good.
I love this game!
good
good sweet powerrrr
fantastic  x
awesomeee x)
Ovenbreak is awesome!
I love this game!! I used to play it on my moms iPhone. So happy to find it for Android!! :)
Love love love it.cant get enoff.
Very addicting my little brother and I love the game
yay i can finally play on a big screen but  i hate how you have to get 150 gummies to go to the chanellge. But really fun
This game is  the buissness
Oh my this game is so fun!
It is so addictive and fun, u have to get this
My BFF has an Iphone and she let me play this game and it was so fun!! And I owned Andriod stuff so I thought I would never play again .  . . AWESOME!!!!!!!
This game is real fun
Brilliant game and very adictive xx
Awesome
this game is really fun
Fun.
Fun.
Awesome best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. Loved it
I love this game, it is so much fun to play
I looovvveeeeee this app! Download it!
I really love this game its so fun to play. I love tha gingerbread mann :)
Awesome great game
It is a amazingly fun up tempo game
Loveit
Adorable!
Adorable!
I totally love this game its fun and entertaining but it lags my phone and I can't always slide for some reason
Nice graphics,cute character..a good time killer indeed
Super fun game
Epic
This is a good game to challange my friends to see ok  omg oh my god  and u are sexy and yu know i love this gaaaaaame hey hey hey hhhhhey chaa cha cha
This is a good game to challange my friends to see ok  omg oh my god  and u are sexy and yu know i love this gaaaaaame hey hey hey hhhhhey chaa cha cha
Nice and cute apps!
Good job
Nice
Verry good game
Gr
Gr
Its fun n attractive to play
Lol..
I love it!!!
Very awesome
Its a good game but should be a little easier. But overall its great
It really passes time
Me gusta
Very good game very fun
Best game ever
Super fun.
More  abilities would be cool. My daughter loves this.
Its pretty fun but it gets old pretty quick.
Great game love it lots of fun
Kool game dat makes u forget abt ur appointment!
I like it
This is the best game ever!
Love this, so addictive!
Awesome game
I love oven break
Great game love it
Pretty fun when you are bored at work lol
I love this game soo much (;
I love this game
I love this game
I give the game  5 starts but it keeps freezing and stopping so I have to restart uninstalling it but it's fun from what I can tell
But it always laggs and stop working. But when it works, its a great fun app!
Amazing game, i love it!!!!  Love the gingerbread man, sooo sweet!! Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Best Game EVER!
Sooo much fun to play i love this game!!!!!
Super addicting
So fun and adicticing
So cool
Love this game
working well with my samsung galaxy tab 7.0  though there are times that it lags (resulting to an annoying game over.. grrr) but still, it's worth a 5-star!
Awesome, good time waster ;)
Great game!
Big fan of any gingerbread men, this is super fun!
Extremely addictive and fun
I love this game!!
Just the idea of this game is brilliant! Great game. Perfect
Its a fun game and it makes me hungry
Absolutely brilliant, no glitches and is fun and dosnt lag!
I love this game
I love this game. Its rlly addicting, but y do I have to pay to get one of the maps?
Love this game!!!!!!
So much fun
Super cuuuute and fun!!
there five stars now can i have my gummys?
Absolutely amazing
Absolutely amazing
Great game I'm lkvin it like mc Donald
This game is very fun and ineractive
Bdhsjsjsj
Fun
I LOVE OVENBREAK!!!!
I LOVE OVENBREAK!!!!
Gummies
Good game
I used to love this game on my Ipod touch but I looovvveee it so much more on my HTC 4G Slide ;)
I love this game, its addicting and enjoyable! I give it 5 stars and thumbs up! :-D
Totally addicting and super fun, especially when u r bored. I promise, u will luv this game
Addicting game:)))
U have tp play this game!?@!?@!?@
It is challenging. :-)
Good app that's all I have to say
Excellent game. Can't put it down
I love this game!
Love it! Yet another great game from the people who wrote slice it. Another fun, addictive, & perfect fun! Thanks yet again Devs
Love it! Yet another great game from the people who wrote slice it. Another fun, addictive, & perfect fun! Thanks yet again Devs
Yay
It's funny
Hi i am inlove with oven break its the best
Fun
I like this game!!
Cool, fun
Cannot stop playing very good and enjoyable stress relief game
But. ... the backgroud is  too much. ..hard to see
Nice game to waste time know a trip
I love this game because its Mind boggling and fun
Awesome game
Love it
Really enjoy myself
I really love this game. Its great for long trips and just general boredom :)
This game is so fun 5 star rating is esy
It is adorable. And so fun to.play
Better on iPhone where you have more then one heart. Regardless still a great game!
Run cookie, run
Its fun and challenging
Fun
Great game
Love this game! Glad it came to the android market.
Pretty cool but it stops in the middle of the game
Nice game
I love tjis game its so fun and entertaining
Super addicting and fun
This game is so fun because its adventures challenging and you don't know what's coming at you its very mysterious everyone should try it. Its a great game for all ages even my three year old nephew knows hot to play its not to hard but not to easy it rocks
This game is so fun because its adventures challenging and you don't know what's coming at you its very mysterious everyone should try it. Its a great game for all ages even my three year old nephew knows hot to play its not to hard but not to easy it rocks
Its so so awsome!!!!!:);)
I haven't been able to stop playing its sooooo addicting.!
I love this game
Awesome shan you get gummy you earned
I love this game i caint stop playing it!!:)
Great game
The buttons lag sometime which causes me too lose!
Its an awsome game i couldnt put it down
Its fantastic and fun for people of all ages
I love this game
Good game I really like running games one of the best games ever
Good game I really like running games one of the best games ever
Sweet
I LOVE IT :)
So far it hasn't given me any problems and it's SO fun and addicting
Cool!!
This game is really fun
I luv this game its so so awesome and free
I luv this game its so so awesome and free
great game !
Really good for long car rides and when you are really bored. I love it.
such a fun and amazing game!
I love everything about this game. So addicting(:
Just started playing and i love it
Excellent
Lol
I love it
Amazing game
Really fun. It helps me when I'm bored at class.
Really fun. It helps me when I'm bored at class.
so cutte
I love the game, it's so addictive, must share it to my friends, im pretty sure, they gonna love it too.. Thank u com2us, your the best :)) iloveu!!
good
It's a fun game!!:)
its very fun~
This is soo awesome i could play it for ever! !!!!
Luv luv luv!!!
Awsome
Awesome game! :)
Fun fun game
Good.
Greatt game!
Great way to pass time
This game gets addicting lol
Entertaining.
Great game, wish there was more bonus lives though
:)
I love this game!!! Its so fun!
I love this game!!! Its so fun!
SUPER FUN AND ADDICTING
Cool game
Awesomely addictive and fun! 5 stars!
i love it its so amazing:-)
Awesome
Fun
Awesome game I'm addicted
This game is soooooooo fun , and addicting !
It is awesome:-) it jumps and slides and holk:-). It has never mested up. Get it get it
Is this how I get the 100
This is one if the best games i played
This is a good game
Love it
K
My best game so far!
Awsome and fun game while on a long road trip. :)
So much fun!!
But it gets boring..
The game so far is a lot of fun.
Awsome game
Love it.
This game is great
Nice
My kid loves it n i love ir too.
Absolutely love this game I'm soooooo addicted to it!
Fun to play, worked perfectly fine on my samsung galaxy s2
This game is so much fun, very addicting!
This is the best game in the world !!_!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:)
luv it
Cool.game
Good great
Cute>< Great game!
happy when iam playing
Its preety kwl
BEST GAME YET
Such a cute game!  Really addictive!!
I <3 dis game
I <3 dis game
The best game ever
很棒
Such a fun and addicting game!
It's so fun and the graphics are so cute(:
Great game. Keeps u busy
Great game!
Once you start you won't want to stop!!
This is a long run but also so very fun
Love it, get it now!
Has so many challenging levels, love it
Fun¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice games
I love it
Hi
Awesome
Pretty addicting
Awsome game
Cool game
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,,,
This is a really fun game
Really really good its a really good and addictive
Really really good its a really good and addictive
Loveeeeee it challenging as hell
I love this game so much!
I love this game. I finally found it on samsung. I am addicted to this game! Great game
Great game but wah is it that know iPhone's  u don't have gummy and in androids u do? so confused
GREAT GAME :D
Good game
I love this game!! It's sometimes difficult but it is still addicting
Awesome
REALLY ADDICTIVE :)
It is a fresh game to me. Besides, its cartoon though not real enough, but it is generally interesting.
Wow great game!
Adorable. I don't know what the thing hanging out of his nose is, (maybe shot????) But I love him!!!!
Awesome gamee its so intritaining :)
Awesome gamee its so intritaining :)
Fun
Works well, I enjoy it :)
Love it!
Only played one level so far, but the game seems promising. Need more high quality games on my phone, and this one definitely will keep me busy for awhile. Nice work
Very good game. But a little to many ads. But overall it is a very good game.
Its really chalenging but its fun! :)
Its really chalenging but its fun! :)
Its really chalenging but its fun! :)
Awsome
AMAZING
AMAZING
Colorful! The ginger bread man is so cute! :-)
Sweet
That was the best game that i had even played!It is fun, it is easy to play and you don't have to move your arms very much. It's just so fun.
That was the best game that i had even played!It is fun, it is easy to play and you don't have to move your arms very much. It's just so fun.
Very addictive...good that android  has the game
It wont unlock the levels after training.. Fix that please
The game is soooo fun. Gingwr bread cute as well
Soo I barley downloaded this game and im already in love with it if u dont have this game I seriously recommend this game to u ,u will really love it too!! best game eva
Soo I barley downloaded this game and im already in love with it if u dont have this game I seriously recommend this game to u ,u will really love it too!! best game eva
Fun game!
fb
I really enjoy this game
Fun game I like it!!!!!
K
This is one good game and it has many things to do
Started playing this cause my kid downloaded it to my phone.  Now I have to play daily.
I love this game.
I love this game.
Amazing game worth all the time
It's awesome. Confusing at first though
Love it!!!!!!! Vert interesting
This is a really fun game!
Fantasy ethnic  hdtv hall
Fun and cute
I like it, its pretty cool so far
I like it, its pretty cool so far
Awesome game ever!!!
Love it SO much. So addicting. It takes awhile to load and I wish it could go faster but other than that best app EVER
My favorite game
This game is really fun and I have no problems with it
Awesome game (:
Sick
I love this game soo much! I used to have it on the iPhone but i recently got a galaxy s3 and im so happy that this game is in tjis phone!
Awesome
I love this game I have no complaints. :)
This oven break is awesome.
Really addicting game
It good
Awesome game
Really cool game!!!
Really fun it lags at times but its ginger bread man is cuter than the ihone versoin and has way move moves.  -RECCOMENED FOR ANY ONE
:)
:)
Soooooooo cuteee.! >○<
Oven break is a fun game for when you are bored. I would recamend this game to other people as a time-filler when needed. I was slightly dissapointed that only 2 levels are free and then you have to update to a paid version, and I was a little dissapointed that it took up lots of storage space on my phone. Although overall this is a great game
This is so addicting!!
This is a really fun game that  you play with your hands and its so cute but you have to duck and jump
Fast quick fun!!!
AWESOME
Ovenbreak is a fast pace game with lots of fun
Best game ever everybody should get it
AWESOME GAME ;)
It is AWSOME
Good
Thanks
Best game ever!!
Best game ever!!
I
Great, I got this for my child but play it more.
Fun
Fun game
Nice game
i enjoy it really much xd
Cute. Nice
Its addictive
VERY ADDICTIVE
I love this game
Great game fun to play can be a little slow at times but other than that super fun I play this like nonestop
Kinda lovin this game
So Colorfully Addicting!!!! @.@
Amazing
This is a very addictive game! absolutely love it!
Fun fun, love it.
Great game
This game is addicting, frustrating, and fun all at the same time! I love it!
This is such a fun and cute game...I LOVE IT!!! ♡
What can i say. Its my kind of game :D
Addicting fun cool gaphix lovevitttttt
Its fun and entertaining its just awesome
It is so much fun when ever play it i can't get off and when you press. Jump then press hook it is so Kool
I love this game
This game is the best game ever me and my kids and my husbin love  this game
I love this game it works great I <33 It! ;D
Really fun and cute.
Don't know why, but it is sooooo fun @_@
Which I absolutely love. I beat that one already and couldn't find another like it till now. I like that there are also a few differences.  I'm all set again. :) Thank you.
Its a  good app
Love tis gamers
Good game
Love this game!
Great game, fun and very addictive!!!
Great game, fun and very addictive!!!
This is not a bad game I like
It's super fun but... 700 gummies to go to university? Come on you guys.
It's super fun but... 700 gummies to go to university? Come on you guys.
This is so awesome
I like this game very much!  It is easy to play and I can play it fpr a whole day!
I love this game its addictive I got half my family playin it
Good game and runs well!!
Love this game! I cant get enough, alot of my friends had it on iphones I was so happy to see they finally had it for android:)
Amazing
It is an amazing game
I love this game!
Addictive!
So entertaining
addictive
Amazing quality and fun game
It gets very addicting!! But soo much fun!!! :)
So much fun
Fun, Interesting and very enjoyable!
fun game to play
very fun and really cute graphics
super nakakaaliw!so i rate it 5 stars!
Kool
This game is suited for people who are bored and need entertainment. I live this game and it works perfectly five in Samsung galaxy S's.
Great game
So coooooooool!!! I love it!!!!! I only wish the stupid ads would go away
Awesome!
Awesome xD
Got me addicted when I first touched it
Very fun.
Very fun!
Love it
Very amusing and cute :)
Very amusing and cute :)
Fun and addicting
I LOVE this game
awesome game
This game is awesome I highly recommend it! It's fun and addictive!! I love this game!!!!! :)
Love this very addicting game.. I've even hot my mother addicted to it...
Such a fun and addicting game
This is the best game! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love this game, totally awesome
This game is really fun there shoud be a girl though.
very fun
Amazing game
I really love this,its entertainig and fun:)) Especially that training mode its very challeging but i past it though:))
I really love this,its entertainig and fun:)) Especially that training mode its very challeging but i past it though:))
Cool
It freezes when I slide but I like this game
I really like this game :) im so happy i can play it on my phone
I love this game I am so addicted its awesome.I have it on my ipod and I phone.obsessed	I l
:D
Yay
Yay
I want gummies!!!
Good game
It is sooo much fun!
Best game ever
Nice game
Nice game
Great game to kill time
Great game, need money to level up and find getting to the challemge stage costs alot of gummy bears hope theyre not all like that
This game is so awesome it makes me hungry
This game is so awesome it makes me hungry
It keeps telling me to rate it. Only played one level so far though.
Thought just Apple game, but I guess not! :-) :-) :-)
lots.of.fun
It is fun
Took a while for it to open but its just a cool game i play it all the time :)
love it
Fun
I been playing this game all day long just to collect the gummy! A really nice game.
Really fun game
I LOOOOVE THIS GAME IM USING GALAXY S3 THE GRAPHICE R AWESOKE
Hate how it freezers when im going so good then i have to close it then loose all gummis i won in that round.
Vry fun
:) Cute game.
Fun!!! Very excited!!
i m loving this game in my sgs3. this game is the best. my kid loves it.
Nice game
I loooove this game! It keeps distracting me from my school work. Totally download it everyone :L
Like this game! Keeps me entertained. Need to be more lenient with the gummies though!
This is the best game I ever played
Good
Totally addicted. That is all.
minus the fact that getting that many gummies to unlock levels gets pretty challenging, i think there's a lot of replay value due to the fact that every level plays differently each time you play.
Ginger bread man is So cute. Very fun n easy hands on game.
Awesome game
This game is so addictive! Run run as fast as you can... to FREEDOM!!! lol
It is a fun game
It is a fun game
Fun game to play..
It's a great game. I'm playing on Acer tablet so it doesn't lag TOO much but it still lags.
Its a great app its just all the adds but otherwise great app.
Love.
hehe this is an awesome game
This game is awesome :3
Ovenbreak is an awesome game!! I think more levels will be great!! Ovenbreak is my favourite game!!:)
I love this game! Everyone buy ittt!!! <3
I just here for the free gummies
Great grapphics
It's pretty entertaining thus far. I haven't played long enough to experience any glitches. I do like how things speed up as the game progresses.
So fun
So fun
I love this game!! It's really fun!! I don't know if I like it cuze the gingerbreadboy or what, its cute good job!!:):):)
Good
This game is so fun you wont even realize you've been playing.for six hours
This game is so fun you wont even realize you've been playing.for six hours
^ As said on the title
this game is not open on my mobile
Love this game, neve Mr get bored of it and its sooooo addictive.
Really fun
Hours of fun. Great game. The only problemis the slide button sometimes doesn't work
Luv game.I use to have it on ipod but now it on my phone too.Thank you who ever created thus game.It rocks.
I loveeeeee this game
Cute
dhvkbbbbsbbs
It is awesome
I enjoy this game so much I wish there were more levels
It's a great game
Good.. !!!
Real different
LUV this game!!!!  Can't seem to get enough of it, very addictive!!
Love it. Addictive and fun. Perfect on my Galaxy s2. Definitely recommend! :)
This game is so fun
ilovethis game
Cool game
Pretty good except the lag when game begins
Fun
This game is fun and awesome
This game is fun and awesome
This game is fun and awesome
Awesome game
Great game love it more levels please!
Funfunfunfunfunfunfunfun!!!!
Great app. Absolutely addicting and finding no problems at all whatsoever :D
Vary fun
Good game. My kid loves it.
I had this game on my iPhone and I didn't know there was this app on Android. . But it lags when I jump and cling Please fix it :D
Really good game!!
Yeah!!at last they have this in android market!
fun game :)
Such a good game :)
It's really fun I like it
It's really fun I like it
Great addicting game
Get it
So challengin cool cute awesome.love this game
Timing is hard to get but fun game
Cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fantastic! Loving it
Amazing game jist amazimg
this is a very fun game. ilovedit
Very fun and addicting. It hurts my eyes though
Can't be beaten
This game is awesome!!!!!!!!               .
Love it
This game is so addictive!!
I just love this game!!! addicted... :)
This game is really good : )
Thumbs up.
So much fun!  Very well created !!
I dun know what to say but it's really amazing and challenging! I feel honour to found this game. I love OvenBreak (:
Nice game
Its so much fun like it
Love this game. Its really addictive but fun. The ginger bread man is cute which is a plus.
Love this game. Its really addictive but fun. The ginger bread man is cute which is a plus.
Love this game. Its really addictive but fun. The ginger bread man is cute which is a plus.
This game is the best
Droidx
Droidx
Gotta love it :)
Gotta love it :)
Before i had if on my I-phone and now im glad its in android
Most funniest games I have played super fun!!!!! :))
Most funniest games I have played super fun!!!!! :))
Im crazy of diz game!!!
P good
Amazing game!!
I love it
Fun !!!!!!!!
amazing game enoying playing
amazing game enoying playing
I love it
I honestly have always loved this game. It's so fun and makes you want to never stop. love it!
Really fun game!
Awesome game! Love the adventures of Gingerbread Man!
Fdcgf
Fdcgf
this game is really funny i love it
!!!!!
I love this game!!!
Cool game download
Hajer Really fun game. Isnt slow at all and it is officially my favourite game right now.
Very nice game
the game is super fabulous! :)
FUN. Extremely enjoyable. It makes me hungry.
Its fun niggaaaa
I love this game a lot!
this is an amazing game i ever played :-)
I love this game. Like omg. I play it like everyday!
Its simple and fun
Its ok
It's simple and fun
I llove this game sometimes lags though
Loved ot!
Awesome
Not bad
Its a really good game.
This is one great game to play i loved it ever since i played it on the Ipod and to have it for Android is totally Awesome.!! Download this app NOW.!!
This game is the best!
love this game :)
Good a very nice game
Install
Play it all day
This game is fun and good quality.
Coolcoolcool
Very Fun Easy To Maneuver And Fun For All Ages
Just pure awesomeness
I like the game it is good and awesome and fun.
I just can't wait to get to the Christmas stage
Love!!
Paso horasss jugandolo
This game is very addictive Yu won't get tired of dis game and think everyone should Play cause its funnn!!
I love this game.
I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! This is soo much easier to control thnxs.  ~ Salena (:
Swag
Swag
A
Really fun games
This game is awesomeness
I love this game.
Nothing beats a side scrolling adventure game. The simplest games are the best!!!!!
Amazing game!
Wow
Good and addictive!
Awsome game
Thanx
Great game luv it.
I like but you should have levels *
this game is awesome!!! I rock lol
I loved it so fun
So addicting
Good so far.
Fun
Awsome game
This game is wonderful and very fun it keep you wanting to play it....I just like it alot
It's  incredible and the best game ever
The best game ever
addictive
very  very fun
IT's awesome
One of the most coolest games i played.
Awsome!!! I find it very cute...!
Must have.
Level one is good so far :)
Its full of adventures and it takes concentrating
Its full of adventures and it takes concentrating
love it
love it
I love how its with the ginger bread man and how you jump and hook stuff it is an amazing and fun game I love it so much exept I can't. Unlock any other levels because I don't. Have a hub acount
I love how its with the ginger bread man and how you jump and hook stuff it is an amazing and fun game I love it so much exept I can't. Unlock any other levels because I don't. Have a hub acount
Awesome
I have been playing this ever since I moved into my house!
good game
Nice game ever
Nice game
Love love love this game, so cute and so much fun. A few glitches that need to be addresed but still a fab game.
The ginger kid is so cute!
I really think this app is so great. It's amazing,entertaining, and fun! It's also easy to pass to the next level. But one of the best parts is it doesn't run out of lives and restart. I think you should totally get this app!!!!!!!!!!
So awesome! I couldn't stop playing!
extremely nice game. i loved it!!!
it always reset all the things, and i lost all of my gummy beaRs:((
Nice game. Its really fun to play.
Run,run,run!
Run,run,run!
Its ok...not as great...
I've just played it for 10mins but I love it. This game is so cute <3
geeat grafics and game
Awesomely cute
Its fun
Love it  :-)
Wish u could keep the gummys instead of losing them when u lose
Very addicting game!!
k
Sxuch a good game
Omg,I love this game...It is so fun...lol
Interesting and fun (^-^)v(^.^)
This game is awesome!! Very addicting!!
I love this game so much fun
Kinda funny i luv it
Love the game! Super addicting!. Please just fix the occasional freezing or bad jump/slide timing!!
It rocks
Sooo fun!!!(:
OMG love this game finally on the android :D
I love this game everyone please download this game !!!!!!!!! :-)
This game is super fun and addictive
Awesome
LOVE IT  Run gingerbread dude!!!!
LOVE IT  Run gingerbread dude!!!!
I absolutely enjoyed this game to the fullest.
I like this game.
This is not awesome jk
Its a good time waster
Wow this game is awesome!!!
This game is great so far got pass the first level moving on to trainning!
This game is great so far got pass the first level moving on to trainning!
I fecking love this game, NEEDS more levels though :'(
Fun n addictive
Nice game
Addicting, helps time go by fast, love it.
Cool game
But I'm uninstalling to make room.
fun
It is so fun
This game is very fun i had no problems with it so far
Soo addictive
I love this game i wish after you lose you would have bonus lifes
Not bad
It's so cute because there just hoping on down the little way and then when yup hit something they become mad and my favorite one is the second one ,cuz. He's the dear devil
(:
Love the game
A very good game
This app is fantastic omg.
Cool
Its so good u should download it
Damn nice
c:
Very fun
Ggffggthjjj
Very addicting and fun levels
I love oven break! This version loads very very fast and I would rate it five stars anyday!!!!! xxxxxxxxxx
I love the music and sounds, the stylised art is so fun. Im instantly addicted!
I thought this game was very fun and interesting I love it it is now one of my favorite games!
Awesome !!!
Awesome game
Funfun! :)
This game is awesome! Its just so fun to try and reach goals and levels.Gives me so many advantages, and realives me from boredom.
I love this game! It's very addicting. Had it on my iPhone also.
Awesome game so addicting
Awesome game so addicting
Awesome game! =)
Awesome game! =)
Must have app keeps u occupied and is all around a good app to have
very fun and addicting.!
Fun game
Love
Its very challenging and fun if u like challenging cool game
Gingerbread dash is so much fun because there are challenges
Its fun
So addicting and fun
Great way to kill time very addicting
OMG I'm addicted to this game amazing
OMG I'm addicted to this game amazing
My daugter loves it
Very fun and cute downloadddddd deffff!! Luv itttt 10 stars
Its really addicting and a cute game overall. Just started playing so no problems yet~ hopefully it stays that way O(∩_∩)O
Love it
Its fun but it dum that u only have 1 life :(
Awesome game!!!!
This game is the best GAME EVER!!!!!!
Play this game for hours
Its way different from the ipod touch version
My boys love this game. They find it very challenging.
My boys love this game. They find it very challenging.
Lamd game
this game is cool.
I'm glad they finally got it for android!
Kids love it, I loved B-)
I just started the game and I love it already.
I just started the game and I love it already.
Whoohooooooo!
Excellent!
This game is so cool and addicting.
Good game:)
I fun
Its good
One of my favourite games.
I love the game but i hate that you have to buy each level!One star!
I can't stop playing! :-O
I can't stop playing! :-O
Cute game. Runs great! Addicted.  Love it
Good game!
So funn(:
I love this game its amazing
This game is so fun and awesome.
Fun
Love love love it 5 stars!
It is a good way to waste time,It is sooo CUTE!
This is a good game i play all day to fun
This game is awesome addicting and completely adorable. I love it
fun game
Addicting!!!!&!!!!!!!!!&!!!!!
Good
Love it
I love this game
Best game for me!!!:) :)
I love this game it is sssssoooooo much funn  Summer:-P
Swagg!
I love this game!!! So cute x
Loves it!
such an addicting game can't get enough!!! totally recommend this game!!
Love.it very fun
Awesomeness
:-)
I love this game so much I wish they make more games like this
I love this game its amazing :):)
Like much
This game is off the hook i love it for all those who haven't tried it out get your butt on this game!!!!
Cool
Fun and addicting
This game is very fun!
This game is very fun!
Good
SO AWSOME
Love this game
This is the best game ever!!
My three yr old loves it.....I sneek and play also Lol! Great game
Lots of fun
This is totally awesome
It takes a lot of focus and energy have a lot of energy and if you do have a lot of energy then you will have no problem.get it and have FUN!
Get this game now!!!!!
This game is really fun and complicated :)
I love it, fun
Slide button is slow
Passes time quickly and is very addictng.
I am so happy tht i downloaded this app cause its so much fun ♥ amazing way 2 kill time :-P
Have this game on my ipod.. Think its great.!
Its the best game ever
that's a great cool game.
This game is great
This game is great
This game is great
Awesome game! Love it!
Awesome game! Love it!
Awsom
Too flat game
I love playing that game it can get quite addicting!!!
good
I love this game i have it on my ipod and my tablet and i love it i cant atop playing!!!
Love this game!
I dont know if it is my problem but the hook button is not rly sensative
Galaxy tab 2. Extremely entertaining little game with cute graphics and addictive gameplay. I do recommend.
fun and addicting
Like OMG i love this game its the best game in the world i will die playing this game
Really fun and challenging, somewhat addicting! Recommended
M
i seen a lot of run and slide games but this one makes me hooked. :)
i seen a lot of run and slide games but this one makes me hooked. :)
Fun awesome
Fun awesome
Cute gingy, addictive, challange, not so easy like the other games :)
Addictive
So fun!!! So cute!!!
Run gingie run! Cute game... (*^﹏^*)
This game is so cool I love being a gingerbread girl
Cant stop playing
Nice game
This was an awesome game!
Great game.  Very entertaining
Lub it
It's a lot of fun and really addictive!
fun... gets boring after a while
fun... gets boring after a while
I love how easy it is and even my three year old brother loves it. Five stars for sure!!
Love it
I <3 Oven Breaker!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I <3 Oven Breaker!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very cute
Very addicting!!
Awesome game
Good Kid Game
It is so much fun!!!!!
It is so much fun!!!!!
I love this game an so does my daughter.
I love it ,i love it ,i love it!
I love it ,i love it ,i love it!
I love it ,i love it ,i love it!
It's a good game with difficult levels.
This game is sick
This game is the best game in the world and i recomend it to anyone espicially people who only play games on there phone and or tablet!!!
This game is the best it helps my eyesight
Great
I love it by Ebone Brown
I love it by Ebone Brown
I love it by Ebone Brown
This game amazing!
I love this game!!!!!!!! Its amazing and super fun
One word!!!amazing!!!
:)
Awsome $$$$$
Very very fun
u should downloaddd!.x
I luv itt, its so fun :).
So nice game!  LOVE IT! !
Love this game. Endless hours of fun!
Shfbcisnd
Sooooo addictive!!
It is simply marvellous
So much fun
Entertainment for when you are bored. Great game.
Love it
Love it
Addictive game
Really really addictive
I love this game!
Good
This game is so fun! I love it and it doesn't glitch or anything, its addictive for sure! I play it all the time!
Good but need more games
Love this game
Three words...  This...  Is...  Awesome...
Totally loved it!!!!!!!!
Awesome! Very entertaining!
Great addicting game. Lags a lot though!
Its so much fun.
Love it :) best game ever :) but it needs to be a little faster but i love it anyways :)
I liked it
Its really cute and entertaining. I love the game:)
A good game to play when bored. The graphics are pretty good, too.
This gameee is great!! XD
I cant put this game down... i play it ever spare moment.....
Very addicting!
Kool game..
Funn &  amazingggg
Very cool game and addictive
I always enjoyed this on my friends iPhone and I'm glad to see such a great Android port of it.
It is so fun hope one day  their will be more levels
It is so fun hope one day  their will be more levels
Its awsome but hard!
Cool game a little challenging but cute
Played this game on iOS so i thought id get it for my Galaxy Ace but it crashed before Id even opened it. Fix please!
Jezus
Its soo cool
Good
Love it
just so incredible.
Its rlly addicting n I love it~ great app I recommend if ur rlly bored xP
Marissa   Its very fun and addicting. I can never get off it.
really fun and addictive.
bakwas h
Very fun and addictive. Love the graphics too!
I really enjoy 'Oven Break' you should try it you would enjoy it too!
This game is soooo addicting
Very addictive game.
I love it
The most addictive game ever.
The most addictive game ever.
NICE
awesome as game love it
Great i like it
Awesome
And challangingni love it
How addictive is this game! I absolutely love it. It is such a frustratingly easy concept that looks a lot easier than it is. Very challenging but SO MUCH FUN!!!!!!
Love this game:)
Really fun!!
I love it so far
Nice
Nice
I Like it (:
i love the game! very nice and cute.:-D
Played this in my ipod and am delighted to find it now available in Android! Great game! Excellent as usual!
Very fun :)
Very fun :)
Cool
gd!
Its fun
This is the best game in the world super addictive:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Fun
THIS GAME IS SOOOOO AWESOME. YOU GUYS HAVE TO GET THIS GAME.
Very enjoyable and will play over and over and over.
Very enjoyable and will play over and over and over.
Bit so slow to load though.
took long enough ...
More fun than I thought : )
I like thus game aloght if u see this reveiw j Play this game
Oven break is awesome!!!! (:
I freaking love this game its like irunner but funner
Best. Game. Ever.
Love it! Cute and very addicting. Can't stop playing it.
Great!!!!
Awesome! This game is so fun and addictive!!!!!
This game isawesome
It is a very nice and addicting game
It is a very nice and addicting game
Awesome game
Good
I love oven break!!!!!!
I love oven break!!!!!!
Great game to waste time, its pretty challenging and keeps you coming back for one more game every time.
Cool
I've been playing this game for awhile now and I can find nothing wrong with it, except maybe the need for gummies and it not being simply a game with no temptation to spend real money . Other than that its great .
Gr8 game love it
Fun! Fun!
Really fun game.
Love it. Great fun!
Its Sooooo fun
I love it its really fun andicting and extreamly cute
Its a great gamer
Me i love it itssss soooo fun
It has nice graphics and a very nice idea
I used to always play on my phone it is so fun and much more different :-)
I love this game!!!! The most addictive game ever.  :)
I love this game!!!! The most addictive game ever.  :)
hahahahaha quite addictive
I Love This Game Its So Fun And Addicting . The Gingerbreads Are So Cute And Adorable !(:
Im always a fan of gingerbread man. Its sooo cute and addictive!
Im always a fan of gingerbread man. Its sooo cute and addictive!
Awesome game
It is a great game, filled with fun.
I love this game. Hours of entertainment!
Finally a game that's WAY BETTER ON ANDROID THAN IOS
Love it!
It's so much fun
Fun
Fun
Fun but somtimes lags
Exciting & Fun ^^
Love it sooooo addicting
This game is realy fun and addicting. I play it a lot and can't and wont stop playing.
Very addicting!
I love this game so much its the best that all i have to say
很好
很好
I love this game very much.  it is really enjoyable...
Its really fun.
I love oven break! So fun , time consumer
Great game very addictive
Awesome game :)
This game is anazing. I especially love it because its a story and you have an aim, but it is ongoing and not repetitive!
This game is addicting and fun! So glad my friend recommended it to me! 5/5 (:
;-)
like it very much!! :D
This game is awesome but why is there only one heart?
This game is great i honestly started playing and just could not put it down :)
Cute little guy keeps reminding me of the gingerbread man from shrek
Its fun and challenging.
I think its a good game but its hard to get gummis
I  love it but it takes to long to load
I  love it but it takes to long to load
Good
Fun and cute
This is a awesome game
Nice game.haha.cute
Its a fun game(:
Really really good game its sooo addicting I just love it
Really really good game its sooo addicting I just love it
Pretty cool could use an upgrade feature though   .
Ausome really cool game
good game!
Had this game back when I used my ipod touch and now have it on my Android can't get enough of it
Cute game
Cute game
It's fun when im bored. K thanks bye <3
I like it
Cool game. I had it on my ipod. Now on my phone. Yay. Love it
It's fun abd addictingg. I must WIN!
Love this game! Awesome
This game is a lot like temple run. This game is free, buy it cuz its worth it!
I always wanted to play this game on android! Then, I found this game! I always play this on apple!! =D
I love this game it makes me feel like a kid again
I love this game. And its awesome.
Cute. Ginger. Bread
It's great on the Android Evo, great quality. one of my favorites. enjoy! :)
This game is really addicting and its really fun.
This game is really addicting and its really fun.
It takes up a lot of space, and it's time consuming to earn the levels, but overall it's ok i guess
Fun
Fun
Fun
Fun
Great game
Awesome game
Real fun
Real fun
This Game Is Amazinq iLove Ehtt<3
I love this game this is a very fun game!!!! :)
This game is amazing! It's cute yet challenging!
It's fun for kids a little bit long but u pick up on it as u play really fun
This is a bomb game and it keeps you wanting to play it more!
Its like a lot of the other gqmes i played not unique tho
Awesome
Love this game to cool
It is so cute!!! I love this game.
This is the best game ever
This is the best game ever
Fun game to play while your waiting for something.
An addictive game! Nice graphics too!
Great game!! I love it!!
Awesome and addicting!
It is relly amazing game in the whole world
I like how u can start off where u stop off from i also like how the characters are drawn
It's very fun to play
I   have    play   it   has   no   buges     at    all     it    run    were    good
I'm glad that I can now play my favorite game on my Android! :)
Very fun and addictive game love the new setting and display... Really fun and you will enjoy each time you play this game :-)
I love this game !
I love this game !
super fun and cute!!
Real good
....
....
Abit hard but still really good!
Its like temple run with the pace and controls but I enjoy it far more, great and entertaining game.(:
Good game
Good and fun game to pass time
great
Greates game ever
This game is geat
Amazing and addictive you just can't stop playing it. And it is SO ADORABLE!
This game is AWESOME!!!!!!
Super fun ! Im only rating for 100free gummies!!
Sucks opening new levels
Good game
It better than the iPhone one
I love ur games I started off with just one of them now I have like 6 keep up the great work
Awsome
Love it!!!
Im still stuck on the second level  but it challenges you to keep. Going
Its the best game!
I luvvv this game it is so awesome to play if ur bored and it gets ur mood up
I am addicted to this game
its very fun
Love this game
Very addictive game. Simple controls.
Soooo much fun and really addictive!
Good game loved it on iphone love it on android.
I love it. So fun but a little hard.!(:
I like it!
This is so cute!!
Great game
Childish yet addicting
Awesome game
Awesome game
This game is like the real thing so addictive!!!
Love it!
Great Game A Must Download
Great Game A Must Download
I love this game when it was iPod and when I found this I was about to drop a tear this very addicting and fun game but it lags when jump and try slide nd which u can have two life like on the iPod overall fun game :-)
This game is amazing!
This game is so entertaining and challenging enough to keep me busy
:3
Hi im a 12 year old girl that really dislike games. But a my friend showed me this very game ovenbreak I was totally in love with it. I tell all of my friends and realitives about this game. And all if them spend yheir free time on ovenbreak. So my point is...ovenbreak is freaking AWESOME!!!!!! Bye! Have a nice day. Play this game.
I love this little man,  fun games and it's passing the time by in this horrible wet weather.
Woot Woot soooooo fun!
So fun
A very nice game
This game has been around and is free and awsome
i love the game it is so much fun with all the levels
Great game and this always helps me to kill time when I'm on the bus :)
this is awesome happy you put more levels without buying can you put skittles in please? i lovd this but skittles is better
Fun and adductive
Runs smoothly. Good fun.to
Excellent
Great game reccommend to u
Very amusing and fanny game
Awesome game sooo addctive
It's so cute
It's very entertaining and cute. It also makes me hungry
This game is so adicting I cant stop playing it!!!!
Its a really simple idea that I've seen elsewhere but the execution is well above par
Fun
Fun
Love this game
Cool game
really fun
Really nice never freezes!
Really nice never freezes!
Addiction is what you'll get from this game
Fun!
This game is incredibly addictive and so much fun! If you are looking for a great and simple but still somewhat difficult game to play this is it.
It sucks
Love it
Pretty awesome burnout game
Fun!
This.game is amazing and sooo adicting. U shud really try it
Cool game
Great game just love it!!!!!
I Love This Games, It Gets My Mind Off Of Things & Makes It Kind Of A Challenge!
Extermely cool & fun
Love this game the best sooo fun
This game is soooo fun and addictive !! :D its a must have game !
This game is soo much fun. Even though you only vet 1 life thats okay cause you can get it back
This is one of the best games ever
This is one of the best games ever
Its a fun game for people of all ages. Its addicting and i rlly love it
best game ever! follow me on twitter @sodamnsteezy
I love oven break !!!! Its an awesome game bang on lol
I enjoyed playing this. Very addicting and kills time!
Amazing game download it NOW
Love this gqme and my kids wont stop plqying it.
sow cool:-DB-)-:),:*)
I absolutely love this game
Its a good game
Awesome!!!!!!
Awesome!!!!!!
Its great!
Wow I Have Been Searching For This Game For A Long Time And Now That I Found It I Love It. I Highly Recommend This App To Everyone Who Loves Adventure And Fun
Wow I Have Been Searching For This Game For A Long Time And Now That I Found It I Love It. I Highly Recommend This App To Everyone Who Loves Adventure And Fun
Addictive!
This game is pretty fun so far. I love it!
Its a great game!!
Its a great game!!
So much fun  my kids love it too!
Awesome game cant stop playing it
Love this game playit all the time just wish you didnt have to pay for some of them overall out off 5 stars it deserves a 9	Love this game i play itallllll the time just wish you eouldnt have to pay for some of theem overall out of 5 stars it deservs a 9
Fun and addicting
It's just awesome and cool fun at the end its like auug I got it doneLOL
I like it very much,this game make me laugh so much when i play
Fffffffuuuuuunnnnn
This game is so fun i love it it is the best
Completely Fun And Amazingly Addicting To Play .
Nice1
Nice1
Ammmmaaaazzzziiing
I can play this alll day!!!!!!!
Very good..so much fun to play and so addicting
Such a simple yet fun game, the graphics are good and thd story is as well. Highly recommended!
I like it.
Better than apples :)))
On my Samsung Galaxy S it's working great. Easy controls and great animation. It is fast though and sometimes my eyes get a little dizzy from the background moving by but I like it a lot!
Good
I love it! :)
This game is great
Omg, this is the most addictive game ever!! instal it now!!
This game is.awesome
My 4yr. Old son loves this game!!keeps him busy for a while...
Very addictive
Excellent
I love this game, it is something that I can play when i'm bored. :-D
As the title says above
Cool
This game is fun cute and challenging at the same time
so so fun
I love this game it's cool
it is very creative and ou r mind must work very fast in order to play this game!
My 8 year old niece kept making me play this game and now I'm hooked!
I love this game because it so fun
Fun
ITS AWESOME AND COOL!!!
Fun game I can't stop playing it
:)
My device cannot go through the game. When the game is started the screen will be black.
Very fun game recommend it plz little kids espessically I can't wait for number two to drop soon
Very fun game recommend it plz little kids espessically I can't wait for number two to drop soon
This is a very fun, cute, addicting game... lol 5stars :D
Great fun.  Addicting.
enjoy it anytime
enjoy it anytime
Awesome game
This game is awesome
Is veryyyyy fun
Dadee
Always awesome! Glad it's on android now!
Best game ever
Great for adult and kids allike enjoy
I love this game!!! :) very interesting n entertaining.
Awesome
It is awsome because its like I cant explain
Love it
Love it
I love this game its the best .
Love it
Fun and challenging, yet easy to learn.
This game is really challaning i love get it u  wont regret
This game is really good it is really fun for kids
Its super fun I love it that's why I gave it 5 stars
It's really fun. Really entertaining.
Gettin gummies
Gettin gummies
I say its awesome but u need to have alot other  levels for free
So addicted to this game!
Ever since I've installed it o havnt been able to put it down.
I play this a lot
Great time killer
Fun
Its fun
Looooove it
Best game ever love it!!
Relly fun
love gingerbread man character. nice graphics. good background music :)
This game is terribly addictive, well it is so amazing!
Great game!!
I just love this game
I can't stop playing it! Super fun!
I can't stop playing it! Super fun!
This game is very fun(:
Is awesome
Awesome game.  But I think you should get the bear gummies easier.
This game is a time killer.   But I can't beat the second level.
Nice
fun and excited!!
Great game.
Vary nice game....keep it up
Oven break is the best game I ever played
Awesome game!
Best
:-D very good
It is extra addictive.
Runs smoothly on my htc one v..plus the gingerbread man's snivelling is such a bonus :)
addictive and sooo much fun
Very Fun :)
#1
#1
Its soo awesome
One of tge greatest games ever played
Fun game to play, hard to stop
The grapics r really cute too!
Its a very fun and addicting game
Its a very fun and addicting game
I love it . Realy fun
Its amazing
Pretty awesome game .. 5 star all the way .. haven't ran into an issue yet. Okay lets rephrase that .. once I got to training mode it started messing up .. whack!
I love this game. I used to play it on my friend's ipod until I got it for my android :)
Great game
Coolio :]
Lots of fun and addictive.
Amazing gameplay :-)
Oven break rules
So much fun
Loved it
Loved it
this game is a lot of fun
I totally love it one of my favorite games
This game is amazing
I love this game :D
Its good but really doesnt do much..
This game is super cute love this game
This is an awesome game. Its so cute and adorable and highly entertaining
The BEST game ever(:
Fun but I hate that you have to have certain amount of gummys to move up a level but its soo awesome definatly download
This game is awesome! :D
:-)
:-)
Game is fun to play and addictive besides a few button ticks runs awesome
Recommend this game. Also good for kids :)
Oven break is awesome and addictive.... I couldn't come off it
Awesome
Excellent, Super Entertaining! ^^
This game is addicting <3.<3  Lol I just downloaded it and I'm already  Hooked on it xD
I love this game
I love ovenbreak it is amazing and sooo fun!!
Very fun!!!
Very addictive. Even though it does freeze occassionally.
Good game
This game is so awesome....:):):):):):):):)love it...love y'all
Best game ever
This game is awesome
Totally awsome !
It.is.sooooo addicting and really fun i love it!
This is a very fun game! I think that everyone that likes to have a little bit of fun in their life should get this game! Its awesome that is came to Android! Couldn't be happier to rate this game 5 stars. You know why I rated it 5 stars? Because that is the only possible rating on this game!
so much fun <3
Over break is fun! :)
If you love wind-up knight, you'll love ovenbreak!!!
sooooooooo fun. I love it
This is a great time passing game when you are bored. Love it!
I love this game so much, it's adicting
So awsome
Awesome game!!! enjoy it alot :)
Amazing best game ever I rate it 10 out of 10 x
addictive n fun
pure greatness
Pretty good game I likey
Really fun to play :)
Fun game. Addicting.
Fun game. Addicting.
Great!
This game is awsome!!! I hate that you have to get 10 gummies to pass the next level if you die.I like that when you get all the letters to fredom it gives you am extra life. I hope you make more levels and change the giner bread guy face expression and out fite.
very vry fun and addicting
Fantastic game. Very addicting
Killing times game, i likeit,
Goodtimes
Fun way to pass the time
Luv
cool story bruh
Haha this game is really cute and awesome XD
I want gummies
AWESOME GAME! Except there should be more levels before the challenge.
Love it!!
Really fun game
CUte~
This is a really fun game
Really good! All I have to say is that it is really good.
Best game
in love wit this game its amazing!(:
G
This is a really fun and awesome game
Best game out.........
This game is the best !  Its so funn and addicting ! :{D
This game is the best !  Its so funn and addicting ! :{D
This is the best and hard game but just because its hard i am not going to wquit this game
Fun game. Great pass time.
Its fun as you should so get it.
Its fun as you should so get it.
Ovenbreak is a pretty fun game, a good way to kill time. I had it on my ipod touch and was glad that it also is on Android. It runs pretty smooth on my Optimus 2x running gingerbread.    I give this game a 5/5 * rating.
This is really cool game
I <3 this game!!!
Great game!
Super fun but needs more levels
I love this game!! Its fun and the music is soo cute!!! I like how there's a story to the game and it gives you a reason to keep playing..... I like it :) <3
This is a great stress reliever especially when I have nothing else to do.
For hours, entertaining.
Good
Fun a bit childish
It's adorable and addictive.  Whoa... Aliteration, much?
It's a lot of fun !!!
It's a lot of fun !!!
Its very fun and I live it!!!
This game is so cute!
Awesome game! It is fun, has simple controls, and very addictive.
Fun game with cute animations
Fun game with cute animations
Love this game :))
Fun, fun fun!  Very addicting game!
BEST GAME I PLAYED FOR THIS YEAR~!!!!! XD GREAT JOB~!!!! XD
such a good game, really addictive!
I love this game
AWESOME!
This is such an addicting game
it is awsome
Really enjoy but on the samsung galaxy note. It hurts my left thumb?  Might just be me.
Fun game
I like this and think its a good time killer.
This game is amazin and i love come2us games
I love this game it is enjoyable and really fun
Cute game
Its fun an sooo kute
Ovenbreak is so much fun! I could play for hours!!
this ovenbreak has nice graphics:D I love this game!
good game!
Really fun
I love it thank you for enventing this game
interesting
This is a good game
Very good game
It's a good game, fun to kill time with
Amazing. Had fun playing this game ^-^
I love this game so much it is really addictive and I cant put it down!!!!!!!
OMG this game is really good play it and you will be amazed
It's so much fun !
cool
cool
cool
It is fun and exciting.
It's so fun and cute! ^^
Addicting
Great game!
Great game passes the time
This is a cool game!
Love this game. Its challenging and very fun. Its the best.
Im addicted to this game.
ㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇ
Pretty great not a fan of needing a great amount of gummys to proceed through levels  Works perfectly on the s3
The best game
Pretty good game
Best game ever! But wish it wouldn't always force close. Help with this?
Fun
Fun
I love this!
I lov this game its so awsom and thrillin
Love itt so fun
Wooooo
Ok
This is great
My kids love it!
Alfiiin estuve esperado este juego años D: a jugar *0*
I absolutely love this game c:
Addictive
So good i LUV it!
A really fun game its the best game ever
A really fun game its the best game ever
Too cute :')
Love it love it love it
Love it
This game is soo cute and fun! \(^v^)/
All of com2us games are awesome!! GO COM2US
iAbsolutely love love love ovenbreak ^___^ its the best game ever.! :D <3 definitely deserves a 5/5 star rating. Seriously fun.
Really good game!!!(:
The game is okayish.  There a delay when u hit jump and slide SOMETIMES. And pnly once in awhile when u hit slide u jump back up somehow unexpectedly. Fix it please?
Its a really awesome game and everyone should play it
It works perfectly and its fun unlike some games.
One of the best games ever :)
Just started playing.. good fun game so far
Just started playing.. good fun game so far
Love it! !very entertaining
It's really addicting
It's really addicting
i really love it..
Love it, absolutely awsome.
Its just amazing and so addictive!(:
Love the game
This game is fun and pretty easy to learn the controls. My phone is sort of glitchy but this app stays strong and doesnt show any problems. Download for fun anywhere anytime!
The best break game ever
Fun to play
Love it
Man ths game is hot
I love the game lots of fun
it super fun and the graphics work good
it super fun and the graphics work good
Wow
Interesting
Nice
Very cute app.
Love this game.It's so addictive!
its very fun I enjoy it ,its challenging too
I REALLY love this game cabnot recomend it enough fun and hard at the same time. DOWNLOAD DOWNLOAD DOWNLOAD!
Love to slide and jump. You are going to enjoy the run. Play with me fellas ^^
Fun interesting and overall great game!!!
This game is awesome but the reaction time is pretty slow
Most addicting game ever.:) better than temple run.
crazy
It a MInd Challenge
I love playing this game it is so fun :)
Ever since my friends iphone i have loved this game...... and it's even better on samsung galaxy tablet
Ever since my friends iphone i have loved this game...... and it's even better on samsung galaxy tablet
A very difficult game but i love a challenge
Totally awesome
This game is so fun
It's a really fun game I enjoy playing it
fun and exciting
This game so excited. Make me don't stop to play. :D
My friend introduced me to this game. So fun and cute!
This game is very fun...
This game is amazing on road trips that are long!! A little boring after a while, but it's still good. It sometimes freezes. You must have patience! :-)
Great game but cannot understand how to hook
it is fun to play
Good game
Love This Game C:
So cute Gingerman!!!!! And it's fun =)
Great game
Awesome
So glad it's on the Android market. (: I loved it on my ipod.
This game is so fun i play it all the time its also challenin
Good game! I can't stop playing it, really cute to. :3
:)
:)
This game is really super fun te he he
This game is amazing!! My fav game!
Fun game
Its so cool  I love all the action
Its so cool  I love all the action
I luv it and i am only on training!!!!!!!
100 free gummy :)
Awesomest game
Best game ever!
Its cool!
Fun game to play..
It is a great time passer when you afe commuting
It is a great time passer when you afe commuting
I love this game ever since I had my Ipod
Awesome
Kool game
Cool
Three funest game ever
Three funest game ever
Fun but hard :)
Cant wait to play more games like this im hooked after first round. Four thumbs up.
Cool game
Oven break is so so fun
Not bad,cute and yummy.The graphics are great!
Lalala
i love this game its so exciting n fun
Good game
Awesome
Great game
OMG I LOVE IT!!!!! Its so cute! Its a little slow. But still rly good!!!
Good its awesomando 5 star bahahahahahahahahahahaha
Very addictive and exciting!!
This game is amazingly fun and sweet!!
It is an awesome game to play!!!!!!
I love it.
very cool game very addictive
very cool game very addictive
Sooo fun...
It is fun
Good game. Addicted to it!xoxo
I love this game!!!
Great time killer
Graphics are a bit fuzzy on the galaxy tab 10.1 but its a fun game to play.
..maybe with the exception of tower defense. XD
Tis very cute. And good grapics
Can't stop playing this. Great :)
Best game ever!!! Hands down
And I'm pretty sure I'm addicted.
It was fun
Very fun & entertaining. It's a good game to play to pass some time! Graphics are fun!
Very fun, never crashes, I love it. Good game for kid's too!
Very fun, never crashes, I love it. Good game for kid's too!
I luhv this game<3and turtles!!!!
So so fun and very entertaning
Greart
This game make me can't stop to play.♥
So addictive!
Most awesome game ever!!! :)))
Great game to pass time..addicting though ;-)
Great game to pass time..addicting though ;-)
Its a great way to pass time
Its a great way to pass time
good
Col
Best game ever!  I'm glad they had it in Google Play and not just iTunes :)
This game is a great way to pass the time if your bord outa your mind
Its so cool a game man
Love everything about it
This game is awesome
Awesome game !!!
Great game:-)
It is a funny game and l love it
So much fun
I love oven break. Such a great game :)
I love oven break. Such a great game :)
I love oven break. Such a great game :)
JL
Very fun
Awsome
Ovenbreak is so cute i love it sometimes it lags up but i dont mind beacause ovenbreak is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:):-)
Like temple run but better!
I like this game alot
Its awsome
It is really fun and addictive. You should get it
Fun and challenging
Fun
I love it
Its a very fun game, but I'm not very good at it so its a bit hard.
Its fun
Dope works perfect
I love this game so glad i found it <3
cool game
Awesome
Wonderful and fun app
it's one of my favorite games it's so fun
it's one of my favorite games it's so fun
This game is fun. A little hard sometimes but still enjoyable.
Awesome game
I love it
It is fun
Well  I think that ovenbreak is the best game in my life that  I have played
Nice fun
Awesome !
I love playing oven break
This same is so cute. I find myself deep in play and animated. My baby adores it. And actually plays herself to sleep
This same is so cute. I find myself deep in play and animated. My baby adores it. And actually plays herself to sleep
The game I was playing was oven brake and it was awsome!!!!!!
Awesome game :) love it
Love it!!
Fun game
I can play it all day!!!!!
I love this game so much! Its so addictive...
This game is way too cute, I cannot even handle myself right now...x) one downfall...drains your battery. No glitches, for me at least...
love it:)
It very fun playing this game
Good gameee i likeee it
good
Its a pretty good game something to pass the time
Exciting but slow to get gummies..
Fun game love it but there should be power ups or something
Love it .
It is a very addictive game in a good way.   ^.^
OMG finally this game is on the phone uhh
It sucks jk its cool
It sucks jk its cool
Really fun, and addicting.
The most finest game I ever played
The most finest game I ever played
I love it so addicting can't stop
It's cute.but still challenging
I can just say wow to COM2US!
I got really addicted to it right after I started playing!
good game
It is a very adictive game
I have heaps of fun when i play ovenbreak. Its do addictive!
I have heaps of fun when i play ovenbreak. Its do addictive!
Awsome game
I love this game its fun and addicting
This game is awesome
Addictive game
We really liked the game.
Interesting
Game is so fun
Loveeethissgame
Awsome game
awesome game!! love it
Good game to pass time with!!
Overall it's a fun game, only problem is that the game should be optimized for larger screens.
I love this game!
L ten dic I
This game is addicting and helps pass time.  Great app!!;)
Really addicting looks easy but its challenging abit
Fun game.  No more need for school.
Fun game.  No more need for school.
Awsome game
This game is fun,fast. An cute
This game is so fun its really good
Awezome graphics.and totally addicjng
This is a really fun game and I love that after you clear the levels your still trying to get portraits for your collection. Need more levels though!!!
good
Great game, it seems like sometimes it doesn't register the slide or jump button,but I still love it!
Cool game I havent hade any gliches at all
Cool game I havent hade any gliches at all
I love this game it is so fun but it kind of lags
Great game. But really hard to advance. Jellys are impossible to get without paying a stupid price. Uninstalling, just impossible to do.
Love this.game
It is really addicting. It doesn't have any gliches. You should definitely install this game. It's great
Fun Game to play Addicting and Challenging!
It was fun and challenging
Ovenbreak is awesome and addictive. When i start playing its hard to stop, ever. I once spent 4 hours playing ovenbreak and ended up never doing an assignment i needed to do but it was way worth it :-D
Fun game
Not bad game too pass time.
very iinteresting game
Awesome
Awesome
love it
This game is awsome
So fun
Fun. Entertaining.Great time killer...
This game is fun!!!
Over it
Over it
i love the little running cookie ♥
It's so cute and fun!
IT IS SO FUN!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome challenging game
Its such a good games
this game is amazingly addictive  ;D
Much more addictive then I imagined
Love it!
It Is awesome!!!!
The game is pretty good, a little different on android than it is on ipods, but it's an overall good game.
The game is pretty good, a little different on android than it is on ipods, but it's an overall good game.
Need to make slide easier
Awesomee gamee such an addicting app I absolutely lovee it
It is crazily addicting, and I can't enough
Good
This is kool
Good game. It is very addictive.
It is a good game
it is amazing
This game is awesome and fast paced.  Keeps you aware like halo:-)
This game is awesome and fast paced.  Keeps you aware like halo:-)
Awsome so fun
It is a fun game that works on focus.
This app won't download            on mine its says no space so i deleted tons of things. Help!!!!!
Great finally on Android
I really like this game. It's very fun and addictive. It gets a bit repetitive though.
I really like this game. It's very fun and addictive. It gets a bit repetitive though.
