Good game wish it had more modes, but still lots fun
It is a copy of fruit ninja
how many mb does this take it says 20 mb but then when i try to download it it says insuficient space
Frustrating...  paid for the game then a day later I can't even open the game.. really tho? Never again.
Good fun game but I played it once now it won't allow me to turn it back on
It doesn't even open!!!!!---
Paid, and have not even been able to open app. Keeps force closing at start up. 1 star until fixed
Would not let me open. just freezes and force closes everytime!!!
It will play for a whL but whL playing it all of a sudden it takes me home and wont let me get bak on!
I just bought it and it wont get passed the opening credits. It will automatically force close. Im depressed faced =\
I uploaded this so many   times but it still doesnt work
This is the first time I have paid for an app. Usually I download free ones. But I really liked Fruit Ninja, so I purchased this. It wont even open. It keeps bringing me to the open screen then kicks me out.
Same problem as most who bought this game. Not ahappy buyer
Worked fine the first day but now it won't even open. If this isn't fixed I will uninstall and get a refund from carrier.
I downloaded it from the Android market and it won't open. Fix it so you can actually have good ratings!! Disappointed.
Good game make it little better.
Behem loadindu spadne a dal nic.. nelze pustit takze zatim je to napd! HTC Desire. Hello, during screen loadind game always fall - waste money now.  Waiting for update ASAP! HTC Desire
Have to rub over & over b4 slicing starts No good on Wildfire
It keeps closing on me -_- fix a.s.a.p !!!!!!!!!
Full version doesn't work -- crashes on load. Update needed ASAP
GAME WON'T LOAD!!! DON'T PAY TO DOWNLOAD!!!!!!!!!!
Worked at first and was fun but stopped working within one day of buying it. Annoyed I spent money on one day of use.
it wont open on my phone! i cant play it!!!!!!
It wont load on my Optimus V. I open it and it just exits and keeps playing the music. Don't waste your time! Uninstall!
I down loaded it and it worked fine the first time but now i can't even get it to open :-(
After dowloading it my data stopped working. Uninstalled and my phone works fine...If you have a Galaxy 2 LTE don't get this program.
It closes its self EVERY TIME I OPEN THE APP!!!!!!!!!!   wish it was as good as the original. if I could rate this version 0 stars I would because I CAN'T PLAY THE STINKIN GAME!!!  I WANT MY MONEY BACK! but because ive opened the app(it shut down btw) I cant get a freakin refund!!!      0 STARS!
it is not working in my Samsung Galaxy S Wifi 5,0  update please!!!
GAY!!
It's too slow on the HTC wildfire. You play in slow motion
What's the point of playing for a high score when you cannot compare it with anyone? 5 stars when you finally put online scores
I paid it and it's not working! It always force closes..
The game looks fun but its not downloading on to my phone please fix
Bad
I had to steal my phone back from my boyfriend after he found this game on my phone since he wouldn't put it down! Fun game that can provide a quick or long distraction depending on the situation.
Fix it
Dont bother
Crap always force closes before I even open the app
At the min this is a 1* as it won't leave the loading page. Disappointing.
Great version of the game, MUCH more longevity here than with the original Fruit Ninja. I hope other "themed" Fruit Ninjas like this are released with different challenges.
It worked the first time I downloaded it, now it wont open at all and it is very aggravating !!! NOt worth my money now I cant get a refund.
Unplayable on HTC Wildfire. When it finally loaded, I couldn't swipe the fruit, not even on the menu screen. Useless.
UPDATE- THIS APP STILL DOES NOT WORK BEWARE It just frezzes I tired everything recommended still nothing. A developer of this regard Should not put out an app with so many bugs
Fun game force closes n half the time wont work
Jayson, tomatoes are technically fruit.
Wast of money don't buy
Wast of money don't buy
HTC inspire 4g
Doesn't Work
Waste of time, don't download!!!
Baadddddd fix it
Spent the money for it and it took ages to load and it freezes  and the music keeps on flickering and the handling is appualing HTC wildfire
Spent the money for it and it took ages to load and it freezes  and the music keeps on flickering and the handling is appualing HTC wildfire
Force closes all the time
This is my first time buying an app and this one sucks it a great and fun I played on my cousin phone and loved so I decided to purchase it and I try don't even f-ing work I try to open but just kicks me off PLEASE FIX
This is my first time buying an app and this one sucks it a great and fun I played on my cousin phone and loved so I decided to purchase it and I try don't even f-ing work I try to open but just kicks me off PLEASE FIX
onPause() -> stopMusic() onResume() -> resumeMusic()
The game is good, in fact this would be a 5 star rating but its full of bugs, lots of big mean bugs that suck all the fun out of it, the icon doesn't work, you tap it the loading screen comes up and it dies and it doesn't even registrar in my task manager, it only opens from the market place screen and it doesn't remember your unlocked content, there is no feint access and I doubt its saving any of my achievements, save your money and I won't buy any of their games till they fix this one.
I was really looking forward to playing this game but it wouldn't even open the first time!! I tried several times and still nothing. Even tried rebooting my phone. I'm getting a refund! But if u fix I will buy again!!
PLEASE FIX!
Its stuck on loading page
Worked great the first day I bought it. Then won't get past the loading screen the next day :( love the game just wish it actually worked.
Won't even open on HTC desire. Brings up loading screen then closes. Do not buy.
Well...not for me
My daughter loves this game so.I decided to purchase the game. First time it worked fine, second time it force closed and yet the music was still playing. Now all it does is force close. Good thing it wasn't an expensive game but still a waste of money!!! Such a piece of s***
Waste of money. Crashes on samsung galaxy s. Disapointed. Fix the bug please.
It does not respond immediate to the touch in galaxy ace . . Slicing is not fun in this. Solution to this would be appreciated. . Love the other game :-D
Crap
Cant use app
Sux
Does not load, keeps force closing. HTC desire.
Samsung galaxy s Force close
Refreshing sequel to the original.
Refunded.
,
Hate that I can't track my achievements. also takes forever to load and has major lag and responsive issues. Samsung Stratosphere
It does not work on Android Tablet,first it shows the logo then it dissapears and takes me back to my desktop.
PERFECT
Not for tablet hd devices like galaxy 7.7
I love the new challenge mode and the magic bean idea, great game. Only reason for the rating is,after the first play it force closes everytime you re-open the game. Please fix and I will give it the 5stars it deserves if it started
It will play for a whL but whL playing it all of a sudden it takes me home and wont let me get bak on!
Every once in a while when I go to play this game am I able to do so. Most of the time it freezes up and force closes before I can even get past the loading stage. Not the best. Kinda disappointed.
It was working fine the first time but now it wont even open.. Need to fix very soon
Good so far, but sadly very little replay value. Also, I have achieved some achievements but can't find any sort of option to view my achievements or what it takes to achieve others. Fix that and I will re-rate.
On my tablet i downloaded it like any other game and it doesnt even open, paid $2 for something i cant use, please fix it!
Starts out well when things look new and fresh, but then gets boring quick. Really nothing here to keep you coming back.
the iphone already has the update with new options. hurry with the update for android.
Even if I bought it, it crashes at startup unless I'm connected to internet: very bad, and also makes me feel very unsafe with the game's usage of my connection
Game is too slow on galaxy s sio will be sticking with the original fruit ninja for now
Worked perfectly first time, but very limited in terms of how much you can play. But NOW it don't even work, it just doesn't open :( update needed ASAP
Cool game but needs to have the same updates as iphone because the iphone version has more blades and backgrounds etc.
really good but in desperto and bandato there just isnt enough fruit or realism :( needs better challenges and a more 3D like experience.
There's two game options.. The first is like classic mode on the original fruit ninja and the second is a mini game.  I like it but now the stupid ga me won't even open
i like it but it getts boring after playing for a while if there were more like the normal fruit ninja it would be good please update
Fun to pay, but freezes here and there.
Takes over ten times to open for it to stay open.
Make multiplayer so we could play on line after you do that then 5 stars.
Super although it is had to get on.
I want a refund. What a scam. Did these guys work for microsoft or something? Selling broken software should be illegal.
Won't open on Droid razr maxx...
Im the user of gtab 10.1 please fix the graphics and desperado mode, always lag
it needs an arcade mode and 80% of the time wont open up and ends up being forced close.:/ plz fix. besides that great. fix and 5 stars :) -Samsung Infuse
Theres a fact which mentions belle magically transforming beast back to human with her tears.. just to get it straight she does actually say i love you before the last petal falls....
После первого зависания больше не запустилось, пришлось удалять. Не очень кароче в целом
...every time I exit and re-launch all my achievements and unlocked items are set to 0 and I'm pretty sure that's not supposed to happen
The game doesn't always load, gets stuck on the opening page and I get kicked out of it. Otherwise it's a great game!
There is a slight delay. Maybe 0.5 seconds when playing and slicing. It's not always bad but often it gets annoying. Can't understand why. Galaxy Note is a premium device, should handle it with ease. Running 2.3.6 on Galaxy Note
Pretty fun, clever mini games. Few issues though, why can't I view the achievements??
It worked fine for the first four or five times now it wont even open...an update would be lovely.
Just have issues sometimes on my galaxy loading it
Gr8 game hope they keep on updating it not like they did for the original fruit ninja game They should update it their customer and technical support should be better
I didn't like the "original" but this new one is the only game I currently play :D
!
It does not work on Android Tablet,first it shows the logo then it dissapears and takes me back to my desktop.
Would've been 5 stars but stopped working came back then stopped again, please update.
Down at iOS apart from their FN:PIB being incredibly laggy they have the latest update for the game with stuff like the "señorita blade"
I like it, but I suggest you make a mode like Arcade Mode from the original one where you can just play like that.
The challenge mode is fab, the other mode very simmilar to normal fruit ninja. <3
Fun new challenges, a faster-paced version of classic mode, great music and entertaining voice acting. However, why is there no record of the achievements gained (and possibly of those still to be completed)?
It closes its self EVERY TIME I OPEN THE APP!!!!!!!!!!   wish it was as good as the original. if I could rate this version 0 stars I would because I CAN'T PLAY THE STINKIN GAME!!!  I WANT MY MONEY BACK! but because ive opened the app(it shut down btw) I cant get a freakin refund!!!      0 STARS!
The app is cool but they don't care about Android so there has been no update to show "achievements".
There are 2 modes: bandito and desperado. In bandito mode you go through loads of random fun challenges and in the finale there is a pinyada for bonus points. The desperado mode is much like arcade on Fruit Slice with the added LifeUp fruits. I would rate this 5 star except after you play both modes you realise theres not a lot of value for money here. I would add the 5th star if there was a section to play the sub-challenges you want from bandito mode.
I don't like that you can't view your achievements. What's the point of showing them, if you can't access the proper section for them? Excellent game, but please fix this.
Almost like iPhone version.
There are some bugs in bandido mode on my phone. It does not calculate the score properly sometimes.But i am totaly addicted to it!!!
Awesome game
FC on exit on my moto ME863. Anyway to fix it?
I love the game ! The only thing I would add is showing achievements .would be cute to have a mini game that showed puss in boots or some scenes.
Good just drinks battery and makes phone hot.. This is the only game it happens to aswell
ข้อดี : สนุก ฆ่าเวลาได้ดี ข้อเสีย : Mode น้อย ของปลดล๊อคน้อย กระตุกเป็นบางครั้ง
I would give 5 stars if you could see the list of achievements that you have and don't have.  Otherwise it's a fun alternative to the original.
New desperado mode is lots of fun, adds replay value from mixing up challenges, and is a great addition to the original. Needs a way to track achievements, though (why include them, otherwise?).
Awesome game !!! But it drains ur battery very fast
Good game wish it had more modes, but still lots fun
this puss in boots expansion is good for curbing my wait for updates to the original game. however, this game lags a bit which sucks to lose the crucial points for reaction time & missing the fruit entirely when it's not responsive.   also, despite game achievements constantly popping up, i don't see a way to actually view the achievement list in the game. BIG FAIL!
Awesome game and would get 5 stars if it had open feint to view acomplishments.... Its on the iphone version, why not here?
i love this game its the best thanks
Good game to play
Lol i love this game
Love it great game play and a nice twist on the original fruit ninja.
It could not be better I erased all of my apps except this one cause its the only one I play
PERFECT
I love
at finale level, it cannot mute althogh i close all the sound, graphic is suck for bigger screen and please update
Good fun game but I played it once now it won't allow me to turn it back on
Excellent app. Love it. Especially the commentary given by the puss.
Perfect time killer ..
LOOOOVE IT ITS WORTH THE PURCHASE. BUT I AM SO MAD BECAUSE MY HUSBAND GOTTA HIGH SCORE THAT I CAN'T BEAT. :(
I love the new challenge mode and the magic bean idea, great game. Only reason for the rating is,after the first play it force closes everytime you re-open the game. Please fix and I will give it the 5stars it deserves if it started
It is a cool game
Game worked perfectly fitst time; now force closes everytime I try to open
This is the best mute button....my kids absolutely love it!
Force closes
I absolutely love this game love PUss in  boots
Good game make it little better.
Love it
I love this game
I enjoyed this game because its light, fast and funny. Should have more options of game, like the Arcade Mode that you find on original Fruit Ninja.
Now its puss in boots
Awsome game
It closes its self EVERY TIME I OPEN THE APP!!!!!!!!!!   wish it was as good as the original. if I could rate this version 0 stars I would because I CAN'T PLAY THE STINKIN GAME!!!  I WANT MY MONEY BACK! but because ive opened the app(it shut down btw) I cant get a freakin refund!!!      0 STARS!
Wowwww xx
iLovee it!
CHERRY GAME...
Love it..
Awesome!!!
Its awesome!!
bEst GaMe eVeR... Ps Pleese update the original game Pleese
Nice game baged my father to buy
On my galaxy nexus
This is a good game
LOVE IT!!! Soooo much fun, definitely worth £0.62! Lags a little but still great :)
Its way cooler than frutit nija
I had to steal my phone back from my boyfriend after he found this game on my phone since he wouldn't put it down! Fun game that can provide a quick or long distraction depending on the situation.
Great version of the game, MUCH more longevity here than with the original Fruit Ninja. I hope other "themed" Fruit Ninjas like this are released with different challenges.
I don't like that you can't view your achievements. What's the point of showing them, if you can't access the proper section for them? Excellent game, but please fix this.
Love this game very addicting but some times don't open.
Not sure why everyone is complaining game a bit laggy at times but works great on huawei U8652-51
Whenever I get to "finale" on challenge, even if I've turned the sound off, sound comes on, ATRIX 4G. But overall, owns original, more fun
I don't know what all the complaints are about, but this is an excellent, fun game.  :)
Love
LOL!?!?!?
Jayson, tomatoes are technically fruit.
woho!!
Smooth gameplay on Galaxy S 2. Fast loadup between games as well. I like the firework blade. Choice!
I love it.
Really good fun and well worth the price. 2 different games, one containing lots of mini games. Have already spent loads of time trying to unlock the various backgrounds. More please!
Works perfectly on both my Samsung Galaxy S2 and my Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus. GREAT FUN (and I am a 64-year-old lady)!
About as addictive as the original.
who knew cutting fruit would be so amusing
A little slow
fantastic game and that's coming from a professional technology reviewer.
Very nice game! Worth the money..
Works fine on asus transformer, no issues whatsoever.
Way worth the money!
This is amazing
Works great. Worth the money.
Now let's see an update for the normal fruit ninja, the free version has more than the paid!
Very good game.
I love it
Loved it on my ipad love it even Moor now it's on my galaxy s2 works just as well as the iphone and looks better quality
Looks and works amazing on iconia a500. Happy to see this game now on android market
Its not expensive and its worth the money.
Great game even tops the first one. Galaxy Nexus
Better than original fruit ninja
Refreshing sequel to the original.
Great game, I've bought it immediately after I saw it on web. Please release more games for Android, I will definitely buy all of them ;). Cheers!
Great game, please release jetpack joyride for Android.
I didn't like the "original" but this new one is the only game I currently play :D
Really nice improvement over the original but if we don't start seeing updates then I'm going to one star all of halfbrick'a products. Please, at least update the paid version to the one on iOS!
Really nice improvement over the original but if we don't start seeing updates then I'm going to one star all of halfbrick'a products. Please, at least update the paid version to the one on iOS!
If you like the original Fruit Ninja, you'll love this challenging version!
