Not good for my evil
Last update has resulted in multiple force closes, no longer opens to mobile versions of sites it used to.... I'm probably going back to opera browser.
This App locks my phone and causes other apps to close. Not to mention its extremely slow.
Not good for Galaxy Note users, other browsers place "go" on the keyboard, but this says "done" so you then have to move thumb to top of screen. When I "add to quick" I want a decent icon, not a grey square. When I click home, I do not want a new tab opening.
WARNING . . ! WARNING . . .! PLEASE i request yo everybody who ever viewing this application . . This application is totally scrap friends. . Its utter waste browser for mobile I'm sayin truth pls Dowt install and get worried later for not choosing best and also not for listening my words . . Its totally waste don't installed i too got disappoint by downloading this instead to get somethin new for UC BROWSER but yet i could found anything different but this mac is totally waste
Was the best browser, now locks up and crashes. My complaints are if you switch from the browser to place/receive a call, the browser defaults back to the home page instead the page you were on. This has a lot of potential, please fix soon!
This browser is awesome but it freezes every time I open facebook on my galaxy S3!!! PLEASE FIX!!! PLEASE!! I LOVE THIS BROWSER!! Will rate 5 stars when fixed!
last version resets my quick start, even with syncing enabled. Not cool...
Worst browser for android. Slow as molasses on january.
I liked it, was fast and good, now no options for agent or imgs. Sucks
FC too much! Uninstall
Until I figured out that it consumes battery power only second to my display. Uninstalled. To bad, it's still my favorite.
Well, I AM editing my review. After numerous lockups, I uninstalled it. I fails routinely while trying to open standard pages--even ones primarily texty, not even graphic-involved.  It may have to do with its built-in handling of Shockwave animations, flash, etc.  It is NOT the answer to anyone hoping to find a browser that might handle actual Java (not just jscript)--so far, I haven't found any browser that will do THAT--even the basic web-browser on a brand-new Samsung Galaxy S3 didn't, so...pretty ridiculous of the Android community to leave us out, to be left out, but 'hey'--even Apple iPhones haven't done it when I tested them, either. I was really hopeful that this particular browser would help me sync my Google Chrome favorites, but it didn't--it spent far too much time locking up, freezing, wasting my time. Good try--but after years, Maxthon still hasn't beaten the bigs on browsers.
Unistalling.
Have to open new tab for page to load?!
Pretty nice app
sucks! first time browse and spplication stop working- uninstall it!!
Not good ...
Constantly opening wrong or pages I have open on other tabs instead of what I typed in. Uninstalling
Any app that asks users for five stars only desrves 1*.
this browser is so stupid! it crashes so often that i cant even recall how many times it force closes within a span of 5mins!!! i already even tried opening JUST ONE PAGE AT A TIME and it still forcecloses!!! how sttpid is that??? dolphin browser never does that!!! this app sucks--- BIG TIME!!! UNINSTALLING!!!!
Terrible. You tube videos do not work. Get the wrong web page all the time.
Good
too slow  defeats from opera in selecting text as all other browsrr also copy of uc with less powered downld mngr
Nyaweh
It shouldn't be that difficult a task to type a url or search term into the browser bar, but when the browser starts SEARCHING HALFWAY THROUGH WHATEVER YOU'RE TYPING, and the words you are typing on the keypad take 15 seconds to show up on the screen, you're going to know you should have downloaded another browser. Also, I love how when you pull up the menu or onscreen keypad (or anything else for that matter) IT TAKES UP 89% OF THE SCREEN. There's so much wrong with the app design I can't express it here.
Sd card support
Fast, smooth, doesnt take up much space, no problems so far (:
This brower is laggy
This app force shuts on me alot. I had it do such 4 times in a hour.
User beware, this app includes tapjoy.  Tapjoy will try to sell you services you dont know you bought.  They average $9.99.  This is a scam business and shame on developers for supporting it.
Samsung galaxy 7.7 It worked fine for the first few hours. Has a good user interface. But it started crashing every few minutes or everytime a new web page is opened. Pity.
My favorite browser, by far!
Third class. When i leave this its shows""" downloading stoped"""" but opera is good
Slows the system
...after last update, when i try to refresh any website.pls fix.
itzZz not working ...
Unstable... Crash alot...
I was on a perfectly innocent music forum , clicked some icon on the browser and a hard core porn site popped up. Wouldn't close, never happened on any other phone browser.
Excellent browser.
Since new update its basically unusable. If I'm on a page and press back button and search something else it won't do anything I have to close completely and reload. Please fix and I'll re-reveiw as normally I love this browser!
total bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwassssssssssssstotal bakwasssssssssssss
Switched from dolphin hd to this,  much more reliable and faster.
Sucks
would stop loading pages abruptly for no reason!!
Those of u who love this app! Have you ever tried opera Mobile? I think you haven't
would have been a good browser but it force closes a lot on evo4g
Much slower than other browsers. Going to uninstall.
1st launch & noticed is hasn't followed Google's design guidelines which gives HTC One series phones a huge black menu button bar at the bottom instead of the menu button on the top right. If this is fixed I'll try again.
Freezes constantly...uninstall
Abhijite samanta
the worst  browser I had ever seen, force close all the way, uninstall.
Every time I exit the app.
Super slow
Impossible to send someone a message
the first thing it did not do is have a succeasful download and it crashed 5 min later
Flash still doesn't work in fullscreen on HTC Sensation ics.I give up .
Desire hd keep force closing
Very poor
hopeless browser....
Extremely fast and easy to use interface. Highly recommended to any phone including low-end smartphones.
Keeping Dolphin
Crashing each time
Just as bad as Opera Mini.Uninstalling
bt fb s nt workng as in the fb for android
This update force closes. Last try worked a while then just froze. I can see it would be good browser if it worked. Real shame
Plus it didnt search when I overide previus seach.
Supper laggy
The browser itself is great.  Runs smoothly overall and is faster than IE for windows on the android.  My one issue is that when trying to play flash games on FB, as soon as the game loads and begins to open, the browser crashes and closes completely.  My sole reason for downloading this browser is to try and play my greatly missed castleville on Facebook.  :(  5 stars for being fast, negative stars for not working with flash/fb games.
So far I love it. It's the only browser that I use on my epic 4g now.
Wtf is tisiu
Yeh to logo ka chutiya banate h....
Plus difficult, non-intuitive. Uninstall. Galaxy Tab
Was in love with it as first but keeps lagging and forces close! Also it won't load certain things inn fb...Annoying! Back to Dolphin!
DID I MENTION FORCE CLOSE!!?!?
Not good
This app was simply the best but now it sucks First thing share file suck Before it was fast now suck Every time crushing  This all = suck Going down down
Good
Back button still doesn't work after latest update. Will not go back to a web search but instead to the last website. Please fix!!  Atrix 4G
This app does not need to know who I am calling and such. Uninstalling.
Can't log in to certain websites. The keyboard doesn't work.
bakwasssssssssss
Dfhhj
Its very laggy on my phone....
Trying to access Device ID data...? Stock CM doesn't .
Biology office puff pitching occupy Hug
Great app
Downloading mkv file in mediafire, why turn in to txt file????
Not functioning smoothly, very often blocked, back to opera
It wouldn't import my favorites! Tried everything. What gives? Uninstalled it.
Its useless... So slow
No respance
i hate this browser
A perfect companion to the maxthon pc browser..extends many pc browser services to the mobile including syncing of favorites/bookmarks.
It does not deserve even 1 star .. bt I hv to no other option .. u should download opera mobile only don't find any other.. it is very slow .. waste of time ..
Does what it should and better than most
Downloaded 83 mb and woof!! Bloody app.
EVERY KEY STROKE DID A SCREEN REFRESH!   EXCREMENT!!!  I'm un-installing.  Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant
it's fast and amazing.
Poorest browser ever used
Taking its "sweet time" to load pages..please fix,great browser though..
It crashes evry time when i upload any pic on fb.. please fix it
.
Download errors Facebook very slow no use better opera and default Mobile browser dont download and don't waste ur time
1. No offline pages manager. That's a HUUGE miss for me. Take a look at Opera's offline pages manager. 2. No option to customize the user agent. Should be able to choose between a few predefined options as well as input a full string.  Until these two are implemented it's bye bye Maxthon for me.
Nice
My fav...browser
Seems like a crap in front of my UC browser.. Haha.. UC is the best.. Maybe it is better than the others.. ..but, NO COMPARISON WITH UC.. haha..
The new update crashes every time. I can't even use it.
Every other time I try to open this browser it crashes.
Was 5*, most recent update has issues following inpage links... Kind of serious.
The biggest problem i'm having with this browser is whenever it crash, unlike other apps, there are no force close dialogue. It simply makes my tablet hang. I have to restart the whole system everytime it crashes. Very dissapointing.
cant even touch the screen without it wanting to enlarge it..please fix
No flash support so its crap.why can't find a browser that support flah without the need for downloading videos each time i wanted to play a video on facebook .
Grrrr....bad
Might be good but couldn't log in to yahoo...and couldn't maneuver front page properly.   Uninstall.
If there were 0 stars i would give it the browser sucks each tym u download anythin it fails dnt download it!!!!!!!
Keeps crashing on my Xoom, video buffering freezes and the browser stops working and closes with no option, fix please as it was good browser before this.
I dont get it why this browser has such a high rating. Ive deleted it once because it sometimes caused my cpu usage to go as high as 60%, now i have the same issue. Left it to run in background, and later felt the intense heat from my pocket, phone was BURNING HOT, ate 15% of battery in less than 10 minutes. If i left it on for longer, id probably have a pocket of molten plastic. This is my 2nd galaxy s2 which faced this issue, YES all my phones are perfectly normal, its the crap software causing overheats
the slowest browser on the market by far speed this piece of crAPP up maybe u can get your appropriate stars. Y make an app n not have it at its best?
Maxthon is simply the best browser there is.
When i read comment of browser i very much happy bt wen downlod is not open .nd google page is also not open
Maxthon crashed when processing javascript like alert or confirm dialog, please fix it. Bug wont happen at the first time calling javascript, please try that at least two times and you will notice the bug. Mark one star for now.
Doesn't render Google font correctly, uninstalled
It works very slow browsing in sony xperia play but whereas dolphin browser is the best working speed browser
You can't read forums. Every time you try to scroll down, it jumps to the  top of the page.   Completely Unusable.
I love the fact that I see the web exactly like in my Android, but is as slow as my phone with the 3g. I am removing it. Thanks..
Aplikasi ini ribet sekali
Removed it because forced closed every 2 to 3 time
this is fucked up, i cant see the box where i am supposed to enter text when my keypad is open, worst browser ever
not satisfied.. wen i open a new tab it reloads d same webpage in d frSt tab.. bad.. try to fix plz.
Its terrible, why is this rated so good, its fast okay. But it never will beat dolphin or even standard browsers. Its terrible with scrolling or any function. It just doesnt feel natural
I was sceptical at 1st changing my mobile browser. I have a Samsung Replenish and the internal memory is not very large. I downloaded this browser and force stopped the pre-installed browser. Doing this opened up almost 8mb of internal storage, not to mention maxthon can be moved to your sd card.   Maxthon is so much faster and more user friendly and capable than my last one. I like it so much I downloaded the browser for my pc.   Great Job Maxthon!
Best browser ive found for android,  trust me i tried loads before settling for this.
Great
I don't know why it's not working on my phone....so sad. It always says web page not available.
Very slow, and doesn't even let you make screen selections at times.
Maxthon can't open site from Google Reader. But Opera Mini can. Please fix it.
Really slooww... :(
Dis fukin suks dolphin loads way faster I give it a half of a star
Either you have to force close or you are guessing what it is going to do on its own... that you didn't ask it to...
I never even downloaded it but it somehow got in my phone piggybacking on another app!
Wht an iritating app Opera  is 100 times better than this. I hd uninstalled
fast.........
I like it
This browser can send your url activities and steal your privacy or data. Be careful.
Garbage
Sucks
THIS WAS MY FIRST IMPRESSION Finally! This browser is super fast and intuitive. Looks good and is absolutely responding immediately to my requests. bla bla.... Was like that for 2 days.  I have to correct myself after a few weeks: - it is slow IF it is working - most of the time it says webpage not available No matter if I am on wifi or 3G!  Back to good ol' Opera and Firefox. Not the fastest but at least reliable and show the 'webpage not availbale' pages instantly. Crap! UNINSTALL
Nice
All who say this fastest is that a joke this app is so so slow
I used to like this browser earlier. But not now. It hangs and closes every now and then.
Crashes with more than 5 tabs
The update deleted ALL of my bookmarks AND all of my speed dial pages. I had bookmark backup installed, but I still lost majority of my pages. Thanks a lot.
Extremely slow, lacks many options, and sometimes too difficult or confusing to access basic features. Disappointed because I was looking for an upgrade from dolphin.
cant save web pages   galaxy mini
I would give this app 5 stars but this app always stops responding after 10mins of use....I'm using the transformer tf101
Uses all the built in core web browser functions .. it's the browser you don't like with a costume on
It keeps locking up. It also intermittently does not respond to link clicks or searches until the back button is pressed. I've used it for 2 weeks to see if it was just me but the issues remain. Too bad, I like the lightweight interface.
Ezzy to save lot of f.ture tanks.
After last update!  Multiple issues.
Download every single time crashes browsing is good .but for download this is a wrong browser
Used to work great, but now has issues since updating to ics. Have to force close and can't click links. Also has issues with text. Seems like an issue for other galaxy s 2 people as well
This browser used to be great but ever since upgrading to ics there are way too many bugs.  Links do not open when clicked, browser fc's alot of flash videos don't work.  Hitting enter on the keyboard after typing the address has no effect besides closing the keyboard... ill be switching back to dolphin until these issues are resolved
Good app,continue improve
I like the themes and this seems fast enough, but no desktop agent? Or am I missing where that setting is located? Not going to bother if all I can have with this is crappy mobile pages. Sorry.
Constant force closes, problems with wifi not working and other freezes and issues mean I'm uninstalling.
Can't handle videos very will
After last update. it force closed for 5 times today. it used to be great before.
Always freezes and throws you out can't view pics..what happened to this app
Custom gestures don't work anymore, and constantly freezes and opens long press menu when scrolling.
Everything was great and working like a charm. Then I decided to rate it 5 stars. The moment I did that everything went to hell. Constantly crashes now, keyboard never pulls up when needed, and everything I do opens up a new tab. Conclusion ... DONT RATE THIS 5 STARS OR YOU WILL BE CURSED.
Crashes alot unresponsive when searching/clicking links resulting in a application crash needing a task kill.
I cannot open any links without holding down on the link and opening a new tab for it. Does not play videos of any kind. Other than that the reader mode and everything that comes along with it is great! 2 stars since opening web pages is something a browser should not have problems with.
I loved this browser at first, but quickly realized a big problem.  If you ever use the back button, the tab is then useless.  After hitting back, the page will Blythe refresh, links and buttons will not work, and you have to close the tab and use another one to do anything.  Other than that, this is the best browser I have found.
Keeps freezing.
It was great for a while, but after a couple of recent updates I realized it was a bit sluggish... it force closed constantly and was making my phone ran like crap. Numerous times it locked up my phone. Since I've deleted it my phone is running great again. Go with boat browser. Its much faster and more reliable.
nothing showed me it was better than dolphin.
5 stars for the PC browser but the Android browser?? Slow, freezes, just not there yet. Wish you luck on the Android project.  EVERYONE,  YOI GOTTA TRY THE COMPUTER BROWSER! IT'S THE BEST ALL AROUND.
Read the rest of the low ratings. All apply. No sense repeating.
Works great for a little bit , then crashes  HTC sensation
Simply waiste....
I'm surprised at the rating of 4.7. Dolphin HD/Mini is considerably faster, at least on this LG Optimus One. A lot of nice features indeed, but slow to load even basic pages. (The initial tips are a bit annoying too.)
Please get support for dragon go.
Increase speed of this browser
Tied of not being able to find the pics I save, copy & paste only works when it wants and the browser is very slow. I have several more problems, but I'm sure you've heard them all.
very good
Animated GIFs are jerky in this browser or do not work at all, when they are fine in Chrome.   How can something that basic be overlooked?
Seems more stable than any other android browser I've tried, but when I hit the return key on my phone (curvey arrow button) it doesn't close the linked tab. I have to click on the tiny "x" of the tab window to close any new tab I open. No other browser does this. It seems to add an extra and annoying step to surfing. I'll try this browser again in a few months, but as is now, I'm removing and returning to the very, very unstable dolphin browser. Cheers.
The last two updates have been awful! I can't go on bandcamp and play music while the screen is off anymore! :(  that was my favorite thing about this browser
Would be nice if it would stop locking up, would scroll sideways, handle landscape view, and more.  Yeah its fast....but doesn't work otherwise.  Even pinch and zoom is broken.
Most of d Time it get stuck n crash on my Samsung galaxy ace,plz do something
Ever since the new update. I cant upload pictures.
Slow
Runs in the background and watchdog is constantly flagging it. Back button doesn't do what you expect. The best browser for Android is still out there IMO.
Really liked it initially but then it really started eating up the ROM :-( it's sad cause it looked very promising
i can't post a picture on facebook wall ????????
I think this cow is slow compared to Opera but I'm gonna give it a few more wks
Repetidly crashes and pace is like a worn donkey!
Fine
Dolphin browser brings the interface of chrome for those non ics users.. dolphin browser definitely has this one.
Its very laggy on my phone....
Total waste of time and uninstalling
New update was wicked fast. Then it just stopped loading anything. All other browsers work fine.
Fast at times, but crashes very easily when 2 or more tabs are open.only thing i like about this browser are the different themes. Crases while i use amazon wayyyy to much
It has some decent innovative stuff but is just so so slow. Uninstalling now !
It's cute and all, but NOT faster than my Opera! Super slow too. :(
Force closes constantly,downloads dont work,theme packages show a parse error while downloading. Do u lot work for Nat west when your not fkn about on this!!!.
This APP used to be so good now it keeps Fcing on me GRRRRRR!!!!! I'm not going to complain simply uninstalling!!!!
Force close on jelly bean. Stock JB browser is working great so may not be back.
Hope it will be good
Seems to crash an awful lot.  Installed.
You are awesome
Slower
Worked great at first then kept foreclosing, not cool .. downloading dolphin browser instead
At first this browser seemed to beat the competition, but after using it a couple months I can't stand it. Start up takes way too long, the browser never closes old tabs so you can have 50 tabs open which causes everything else to be purged from memory including my launcher. Going back to Opera for a cleaner and better overall experience
It crash after few minutes of use.need to update or fixed it
Whenever I opened the app it'd send me to an old page randomly, it also was draining my battery pretty badly..
Slow
Just closes itself ALL the time
Keyboard closes every other letter typed, videos that were opened in last session try and reopen when doing searches. The quick launch buttons are too close to the keyboard and get in the way. Also wont open videos on some porn sites makes it impossible to fap on the go.
Browsing speed is really sh!t othervise okay..
Major bugs. Closes the keyboard when trying to search.  Hard to select buttons on pages.
It's great..!!
Its no better than any other browser.and iv tested alot of browsers.
gave this 5 stars for how fast it was. 2 days later it's so incredibly slow I can't use it. worst of all, it's FULL of obnoxious glitches. had promise but just more garbage.
Seemed ok to begin with,untill suddenly it began to slow and crash frequently.Still waiting for a decent browser.Sorry but this doesnt cut it.
It is so stupid and slow it forgets that it is even loading
Can't download hd file , ex: mkv file size 500mb ,dissapointed :(
It's nice but it force closes way too much!
Was hoping this would be a browser I could get behind. Has some good options BUT no way to disable location and NO popup blocker. Deal killer. Uninstalled.
Not satisfactory on my Ray. Flash vids esp. unstable and cause browser to crash. And its slower than the stock broswer/Opera/Dolphin Mini. Uninstalled. Going back to Dolphin Mini which is more stable and lightweight and can play Flash too.
I am using operamini but it is not better than operamini.
I'm a big Maxthon fan but this latest ver is constantly crashing with force close. Come on guys, I'm dyin' here!  Frustrating in this day and age. Text me the moment you've sorted it. Back to bloody Dolphin. :-(
On Samsung Galaxy constant problem with downloading pictures and other stuff: one can't open it immediately and operate - phone just doesn't see them and find the location. Unless you don't fix the problem only **
Crashed a few times doesn't load sometimes have to exit the app crashes when using full screen flashplayer. I use the Google search on home screen then use maxthon as default it didn't generate the search  Nexus s ICS
Pros: Multi-Tab feature Cons: Crashes (CTD). Limited on smaller screens.  While it does have 1 advantage over your regular browser. I have problems accessing tabs due to their size on screen. And I've had lots of frozen screens and crashes.
This browser doesnt even compare to opera mobile... maxthon actually recalling the days of dial up page loads. So if you got a droid razr, maxthons definitely not the browser for you. 2 stars are for the tablet layout.
Browsing is better but download is very slow
I dont know why dont they embed opengl in it like stock browser so smooth
Nice interface but won't display youtube screens or even link to youtube app to play them.  Pulldown quit showing tabs. Samsung Vibrant OS 2.1.1
I got ads. Unistalled.
Cannot upload the photos in facebook. I have to go to default browse to upload photo. Please fix this.
I used it for a long time no prob
Very fast but use a lot of cpu and my watchdog app always warning me about that so i close it immidiatly, no doubt that dolphin browser is the best yet
Have not had great success using this browser, it crashes a lot, it doesn't recognize my clicks to other links sometimes and it drastically gets slow after browsing for over 20 mins, it also goes unresponsive sometimes causing me to close and reopen it, uninstalled!
since update to 2.65, force closes very often on my s2. No problem with version before this. Please fix. thanks.
Intercepts links and acts as default broswser even when it isn't.  Made it impossible to use existing browser.
Pls. fix- once comm. will loss downloading process should pause & comm. comes downloading should resume automatically
So far my biggest complant is in the down load manager when you clear the files, if you are still down loading and hit clear, or delete, it whipes all of them out, including the ones that are still downloading, not good!!!!! It can be written to just remove all reference to completed down loads, leaving ones that are not completed, in a state of pause, or currently downloading, just by an if else, or if then statement.
Great apps...
I've tried the stock browser in my Galaxy S2 and firefox, and Maxthon wins by far.  The gesture controls, the theme add-ons, the super fast loading. Great browser.  The only flaw I have is that it crashes very frequently. Especially when having more than 4 windows open. It also tends to crash Touchwiz on its way out. very annoying and time consuming since it takes 20 seconds to recover each every time.  Definately needs fixing, but still superior in my opinion.
Not so performing in 2g networks.opera is better.
I tried lots of browser I like but It keep crashing when I start it. Also when I down load picture. It don't go to gallery. Only complants I have
Noticed that most with my devuce love this browser.  I've noted, however, that there are a multitude of nagging bugs.   Biggest problem is that I can't seem to get my device to remember to use this browser as default.  Needs better integration.  Also used as exceptional amount of energy.  Battery drains faster compared to stock browser.  Love the UI, though.
Saving image takes time.. It cant download frm page it downloads image seperately
Browsing is too slow
Nice , but not better than Opera. Image viewing is poor.
there are many problem...
This browser is great as far as its simplicity but it lacks terribly with performance compared to it counter parts.
I like it....
changed to 3 stars as cut and paste doesn't work
changed to 3 stars as cut and paste doesn't work
Not bad..
Use only with high speed connections and data plans, 400mbps and up. Until this browser starts offering cloud acceleration and selecting image quality like Opera Mini or UC Browser it will never be the fastest. Sure, the app might be lightweight and well designed, but that doesn't cut the download time itself. Pity, because the interface is good, waaay better than Opera.
For the most part this is a great browser with some very nice features. Only issue is forcing closed a lot,and sometimes in searches or logins when submit is clicked it does nothing-as if its stalled even with full signal
Please add Resource Sniffer from Dekstop Browser
Slick. Easy. Fast and black screens often. No idea why...
...however, the app crashes often.
super
Cannot be set to identify as desktop browser. Tools at bottom of screen cannot be removed and cover screen while using landscape keyboard.
Kadang suka macet dan tidak stabil.. akan tetapi sangat cepat buat browsing
Good
I love the quickness of the browser, but cannot auto select save to SD function in the download selection path, unless you manually input it and know the exact file to save it in. Definitely could use auto path selection like uc browser.
Very nice for facebook but number of force closes plz fix this
Only problem I have its that after 1 day it said it took up 19MB of internal data maybe it's just me our my phone, Huawei prism, PS anyone else notice they have an identical logo to money mutual
Fast n good is e simple word to describe
crashing. Annoying while trying to close tabs.
Its my fav browser..
Some how fast needs speed improvement
Please add Duck Duck Go as a search. Please! That would make this browser perfect.
Still facing text copy paste problem it is most important function pls fix it.
great browser, the only down side is that text select feature does not work and gesture feature is kinda useless since it's not that responsive...5 stars if these features get fixed by next update until then uninstalled
This is great!!!
Whenever I try to watch a video on a website that views in desktop mode, I can hear the audio but you can't see the video.
it crashes constantly, doesn't get along with Facebook mobile site, and doesn't allow you to share from downloads, in fat you can't do ANYTHING with downloads. Very frustrating.
Good.But doesn't go to a previously searched website sometimes.
buggy at times and inclined to crash. Pop up tips are bloody annoying, so is defaulting to dumping you in the downloads page every time you download anything. Prefer aspects of it to Dolphin HD but there are some sites it struggles to display, including Google Plus and Tumblr.
Not work on tab
Ok its good. But. When press and hold on tab it shoul have first option close tab not close others. Needs pc browser mode not just mobile browser. And full flash support required also individual password management with master password is 256bit aes encryption would be nice. Stable and that counts.
Now all my downloads turn into HTML files. Still liked the small installation size...
Keeps force closing when hitting the settings button on nexus 7
Still slow and crashes like all the rest.
My biggest complaint is that the browser tabs don't close when I use the previous action arrow on my HTC G2. That means every time I open a link from my news app and use the arrow to go back to the app, a new browser tab opens and stays open. By the time I'm done reading the morning news, I could have 15+ browser tabs open. It is also a bit difficult to close the tabs. It seems you have to touch slightly to the left of the X, or you just end up switching tabs.
It s a nic aap bt i m unable to download any thing in it
When I first downloaded this browser it runs to good,but next day when I try to download it crushes several times,,plz fix it..
Nice browser, I really like design and gestures, however my phone it crashed several times per hour and other browsers didn't.
Nice app
nice     aaaa
Its ok, froce close sometime
It's Ookay But I Whish I Can Add More Apps
Force close always
I like it faster than others
Awesome... Works well, but downloading has many issues pls fix them, then i will give it 5 stars... Looking for updates
Bad for tablets... I have it on my Toshiba Thrive and it always fc's. On my LG Esteem it works fine.
Not bad it is good app
Great app but it force closes alot on at&t fusion
Since how Maxthon is not replying to support email just warning that there is a glitch in build 2827 that doesn't play nice with the "blue" theme. Not the end of the world since I rolled back to previous version, all is good. Just disappointed in lack of response from support email - you would think they would at least acknowledge me for pointing it out to them.
So its a lags a little on loading at first..but very dependable. 5 stars. Never force closes.
So its a lags a little on loading at first..but very dependable. 5 stars. Never force closes.
Its slow by compairing with other web browset
Doesn't let me watch a youtube video keeps throwing me back to home please fix.
Its slow and unresponsive on galaxy s. Please fix this. Its a better browser.
A fast browser, stable but still no flash.
Is kinda slow, but flash works.
This browser is smooth and fast! The only issue is that it constantly force closes after less than an hour's worth of use. I have a Samsung Transform Ultra. Maybe this browser just doesn't like this phone!?
Nice app just intall it
Automatically close some times ....
Crashes on long press on nexus 7 w/ 4.1.1 update... otherwise working okay.
Having issues when using it with my tablet
i have to refresh every tym and not much faster
good
Back button broken and its to hard to close a single tab. At least put an option to close a tab in when the menu button is pressed.
It was working well with gingerbread but became really laggy and slow after update to ics, and I was using the most current version of maxthon. It was my favorite browser but it was also a huge memory hogger, which I didn't mind as much before it started lagging. I put up with the lag for a while but have now gone back to dolphin which has no lag. It's too bad because I like the features of maxthon, and the icon is also the best looking out of any other browser. I'll try again in a couple of months.
very slow in comparision to opera. great gui.
Pix not saved to SD card or gallery at all? Fuckin fix it. Buttons at bottom need to take a hike too
Crash and crash
So far so good. Will come back n give it a 5 if it keeps not sucking.
There are 3 white dots taking up the screen.......
Awerag ok
Force closes frequently since update.  Pls fix.
Since update, can't upload photos in fb.
Why can't I upload pictures to Facebook please fix this, it's really annoying.
When clicking on adobe flash player files for full screen nothing is shown on the browser clean but we can hear the audio.plz fix this.
It's work well all this time..but suddenly it wont load picture gallery when i want to upload picture to facebook. It been 2 days now.   Anybody have same problem here?
Opens new tabs and closes web pages on its own?! so i have set google as my home page and when i try 2 clear the history, maxthon force closes. FIX PLZZZ!!!!!!! HTC myTouch 4g
I like it that it the reason I said this is because it doesn't go faster
Annoying when you lose all tabs and the browser auto force closes. Else love the features!!
I luv it.faster and reliable.
I have not been using it long but it seems pretty good.
Good browser wid great skin and download speed is very fast the other browser.
Ok types. ..not too bad faster than opera
not bad
It will b a 5 star app bt  quite slow in my galaxy ace... no option for copy paste.. themes r also nt working.. please fixed it...
Needs the ability to hide tabs in non fullscreen mode.
Nice, quick browser, but the text wrapping doesn't work at all. Galaxy Note.
Very smooth operation, better than default ICS browser behavior until I tried Facebook. For some reason pages auto-refresh every 5 seconds or so making them unreadable or un-navigable.
Not bad....
Since last it force closes every 40 mn, please fix..
Web pages slow and Glitchy now, especially Facebook
can't resume downloding...plz can u make as powerfull as uc browser
Many features, hard to figure out how to use them - thankfully found within these comments how to force full web pages instead of mobile version under "Other setting UA" to Desktop.  Great App - wish there was better Help or on-line videos on how to make it work for you though.
The browser now crashes quite often.. used to be a lot more stable! :(
This browser is awesome and faster than any other, but I'm experiencing some freezing  issues on my galaxy s2
Needs improvement.
I would've given it 5 ★'s but the speed has decreased considerably but other than that excelent app pay attention 2 the speed and if fixed i'll give 5 ★'s
A decent browser, but I have quite a few problems and issues with it (Galaxy SII). I have a much easier time just using Opera.
A lot of interesting and novel features. Still like it and use it on my pc, but just don't care for the mobile version anymore. Starting getting sluggish and acting sketchy after ICS.
Lovely
FC on Motorola bravo with ICS. Hoping for an update that restores it to full glory!
This browser is amazing! Super smooth super fast!
When I hide the bottom toolbar, the little buttons at the bottom get in the way and I tap on them by accident. There's no way to hide those. And there's no way to disable form data remembering and password saving. Although it's faster, I'll give you that. It could use some improvement.
Igive you 3 stars because the start screen image in landscape mode is bad, and the browsing is slow on GPRS I know that gprs is slow but on opera is fast....But for the windows version I have no comment is best...
This is a fast browser but the problem i had with it was that it kept on crashing on me
It always goes to the mobile sites when using and to many steps involved to get to main sites sometimes. Will stick with dolphin
farzi browser h. .....sab uc se niche h.
Nice aap very nice
I am having problems loading web pages at first execution and the browsers has a rabbit of freezing, crashing and not showing the keyboard!!!  My device is a Sony Xperia arc s lt18 running android 4+
Good browser but it crashes too much since the update.
Opera mini is the fastest 3rd party browser. This one is great for downloads though! Recomended for downloading!
nice.But hope to see it can improve more:)
Pretty good browser, decent speed, ok personalisation options. The only problem is that there is no option to search for text on a web page. Very frustrating!
I'm loving this app. It has a better set up for mobile phones and the short cuts are excellent. 5 stars
Not for me.  Doesn't support std sync like firefox or chrome
Would be perfect except hitting the back button on my Droid Razr will not work right. I have to hit it at least 3 times to get it to go back one page. Also I wish it would open to the last Web page I was on. Instead if you close out of the browser and go back in, all the Web pages I was on have disappeared and just the history page its there every time I open the browser. Please fix!
Last update causes google to not function when pressing on screen links to websites.  Had to go one rev back via titanium backup. Please fix!
The auto fetch sucks, turn it off, turn it on its the same. Frustrating, so I have tons of tabs opening on me, many of them blank! It takes longer to load, when pages are loaded and I push home and come back later everything is gone and I have to start over ugh! Its gotton frustrating. Please fix for 5 stars and to keep me... Xscope is looking  good
This browser is the best:  Batter rendering of the pages, even faster than opera, very thoughtful çontrols, tabbed browsing Thank you to developers! !!
Really tried to like it but the page options just didnt work for me. A little slow compared to opera mini.  May try it again.
Its fine ,but i my openion opera mini much better ,so guys install opera mini.
Great browser but uninstalling because no matter how many times I switch fetch mode OFF it will not stay off. Highly annoying.
The find on page is missing and because of that I give u 3 stars. Until that gets fixed, I wont be using this browser much. Otehrwise, I would give 5 stars.
I haven't found a browser suitable for 9gag yet .  although this browser supports flash and it's pretty smooth,  the comments are cropped in the facebook social plugin ( same case in the default internet explorer and unlike firefox).
I haven't found a browser suitable for 9gag yet .  although this browser supports flash and it's pretty smooth,  the comments are cropped in the facebook social plugin ( same case in the default internet explorer and unlike firefox).
Best browser for Android.
Crash all the time
Nice apps.
Love this browser....but video playback issues sgs2 ics
Everything looks okay but flash video disappears when switch to full screen, it works in background and I can hear the sound. Can't switch player off, have to use task manager to kill browser or use exit from browser menu.
this browser is very nice although i consider the fetch feature needless bloatware.  in a world of carrier  limited monthly data usage, this feature will help you eat your data faster unless you disable it . also, would be nice if i pressed exit browser actually closed. it does not show up in task manager but if i go to android settings menu i find it still running. can't figure out why its using more battery than display when opened for 30 min
Best web browser :)
Love the UI design. Hate the bugs. Bug spray = *****
browser is not good as well as opera web browser...
It is fast but by default it open pages as mobile  wish it had desktop settings etc
wasnt able to view or download document (pdf, ppt, ...)..
下的手势插件，不能自定义后退，会强退。今天晚上又发现不支持新浪分享，果断换回UC
Good
I like this app. because it' very usefully app. it' realy good.
Keeps crashing and force close, please fix it, this is really annoying!
SAME COMMENT AS 'Logic..!!':  WILL NOT RENDER MY FACEBOOK Desktop PAGE, NOW GOING BACK 3-4 UPDATES!!  :(  I am 'forced' to use Dolphin for just FB, everything else goes through you guys!!
Too much cache from nowhere. However, easy to use
Working gud but crashing and stoping for galaxy mini.
Love it 75% of the time. Force closes too often keeping it from 5 stars
Found ir super slow myself, before it crashed my phone! I've moto x2 so its not the hardware
It is slower than opera but UI is good. Also fonts of file size and speed while downloading are very small.
I have tried Skyfire, Opera, Firefox, Dolphin, and others... Maxthon beats them all. You will not be disappointed.
Gud
Fast n useful..but smtyms it causes dwnloading problemms!!
Fast and easy
Besst
Its good; but there is a problem  while using facebook u r nt abl 2 see full pag; adha pag kta hua aaega
It wouldn't let me press on some links. It would show me I'd pressed on it but nothing would happen. To follow the link I'd have to long press then open in new tab. I've uninstalled and gone back to Boat Browser.
Still using the app and trying to figure out all its features but so far its a good app to have on your android testing the mobile web browser to see how it handle video contents now hit you back later on with how it works
The reason why i gav this 3star is i feel its downloading speed is crap
Ya know, i really liked this browser alot. I installed it on other peoples laptops, desktops, and phones even. I wud hav given it a straight 5* rating, except that it honestly "CRASHED/FORCED CLOSED" more than any other App i hav ever used.
This is great, other than some download trouble on Ao3 and a little over 100 mb download on mediafire, I find it very efficient.
Really would like to be able to give this browser 5 stars, especially since it's lightening fast. But it has two major drawbacks: it eventually decides, on its own, to become your default browser. That wouldn't have been too bad except I couldn't access my bank while using it AND I was unable to access the android browser while this was installed.
Wow
For me it works well and a great improvement on the standard android browser (which isn't bad). Love the back/forward buttons, private browsing... Still discovering things.
Just v.good
App keeps disappearing when restarting phone ..... don't know if it's the phone or the app ..... irritating!
Closed without reason, pls fix it ....otherwise i"ll give u 5 star :-P
The platform is a dolphin hd clone. It's a good start. Has service push issues. Trouble logging into sites that require https and certificates. Has touch issues all in all would be nice if those thongs were fixed.
Smal and fast!
Using nexus s 4.0.4, maxthon is just not responsive enough (compare to latest ff beta or chrome). Still the interface is quite powerful and efficient.
Nice
The update sucks. Some text on websites that I read overlap each other. Freezes. Wont auto rotate anymore even though I enabled it.
Open link in a new tab feature doesn't work.
Every time i press home button just to check anything else all the tabs get closed also the downloads gets cancelled.. Why?!! 3 till it's fixed
Still getting used to it. Decent browser...better than stock. YouTube videos should load on 3g...drains battery. Add this & 5 stars.
It was fast for a while. But it freezes.
Used to be good, but now there are way too many force close on open issues with the newest update. If its fixed I may download again
Took a long time loading images (on amazon) for some reason. Gestures feature definitely needs improvement. Emailed for support, & immediately rcvd a reply. Unfortunately had 2uninstall bcz gestures was always on, scribbling on webpage.
Easy to use
Great layout, works quickly and its easy to return to the homepage.
Awesome for my touch screen.. tho sometimes freezes when i have lots of windows open
Awesome for my touch screen.. tho sometimes freezes when i have lots of windows open
Hmm pretty gud
Lovely and simple
It is very good for downloading videos.when press a video link, it give  you download option
Its great app for my S2. Fantastic choices of skin too!
Can't complain so far so goodgood
Yes I was in search of the app like this. But one star due after testing its performance n speed.
Tried Chrome, Dolphin, Opera...all had slow and jaggy scrolling. This browser was the smoothest in scroll speed.
like
Love its download, resume ,pause feauture :D
Avg memory footprint. 5 stars when it can save pages
Really excellent browser, nearly as good as the HTC one,uses a lot of data though.
I love this keyboard and all the theme choices! The one thing that could improve is the text predictions but don't get me wrong, its good but COULD be great :)
Integrated flash player addon will make browser more attractive.
not that bad.
Sometimes crashed
Good browser
Good app... PC experience in my mobile......
Lumayan..tp agak lemot
It doesnt do everything perfect but is a very good allround browser
Interface of the apo is pretty easy to understsnd for beginners like me. I wish there was a pdf add on though.
Nice one
downloading is slowwwwww
Ok but needs better graphics and more speed
Good apps, bt sometimes it lost d network.
Awesome
great but get rid of zoom buttons they get in the way...pics are blurred till you touch them...doesn't run search after finishing typing anymore
The function of Selecting Text to copy os not working...Please fix this asap...Otherwise a very nice app...Better than all thr other browsers..!!
This is so much faster than the stock android browser & all the others out there in my opinion.
Must try it is nice
Awesome and lightning fast,i have used alot of browsers this one got me stuck on it..one issue/bug images downloaded doesnot show up in the gallery. Needs a restart to refresh the gallery..please fix it. Great work developers.
Among all the mobile browsers I've tried (dolphin, firefox, skyfire, boat) its so far the stablest and least privilege whoar ;) if you wanna browser that just works then Maxthon is it!
Great
Nice app
Good app
Works good Very fast The only issue I have Is after watching a video Browser crashes and restarts
I needed a browser that auto full screens and auto word wraps. Amazed none of the major players other than this do both! Might not be speediest but best browser I've found. Love also the swipe forward and back of web pages. Good work.
great
Fastest browser I've ever seen
I like that its less glitchy then Chrome!
The browser is simple to use and the various features are readily accessible in the menu. I did find that cloud/mobile syncing wasn't as quick as I would have liked and there were occasional moments when the browser didn’t respond, but most of my experience was pretty good and comprehensive.
Better downloader
A few force closes and a little clunky, but nice overall. HTC EVO 3d.
awsm browser for android.
Best
I personally Love it if the browser is invisible..
So far its a great browser, I'm still learning all the options.
Few issues but good all rounder
Its nice to use. But i cannt signout from fb. Pls fixe that pbm.
But idk why.. I cant zoom.
Needs an option to force no screen timeout! Otherwise excellent so far
Very good
but i dislike no pinch to zoom support
Easy
It's really a good browser, but please improve the following:  - include search auto suggestions in the address bar (a must-have) - make possible to directly type (by auto selecting the entire entry) a search or web address in the address bar of the currently opened tab without the need of deleting the entry - improve tab view fluidity (it's somehow exaggerated, maybe 2x in a swipe will do) - add text selection markers when selecting text - when in full screen, add a separate 'Stop/Reload' semi-transparent
Pretty nice app
I would give 5 stars but there's no video full screen. When trying to full screen with videos the app freezes and no pages load after until restart. At least make it go to gallery.
Believe there's room for improvement to be the top browser of choice. It's securely getting there
exactly supper cross
Tried Firefox, Dolphin, Chrome, and Opera first... Only annoyances so far: tabs are awkward; ability to close individual tab on long-press would be nice.  But so impressed with the speed, stability, and features of Maxthon that I'm trying out the desktop version on my laptop.  Love it so far... Keep up the good work!
The one listed for the tablet was too buggy for me, so I tried this one. No bugs other than some problems opening links but I like the other's layout better. Therefore, not quite 5 stars but pretty close.
Will probably give 5 stars when these are fixed: * The bug occasionally using 60% cpu even without any open tabs - drains battery (possibly fixed now) * Ad-block * Remove these annoying messages like when new tabs are being opened in the background * A totally black background in night view, with no flashing white screen when clicking a link * Remove annoying icons/markers and make it possible to use the full screen * Allow the use of back-key to close current tab
Fast...  this app is not very stabil... Hope you will fix it.... But fast...
Nice browser
Good stuff.
Good
The best of a browser ever used. I was in love with crazybrowser before my android freely dowmloded MAXTON is the best for now.
The best of a browser ever used. I was in love with crazybrowser before my android freely dowmloded MAXTON is the best for now.
Like it
it working fantastically . . .
The developers should stop being lazy and fix the flash problem. Three updates later and flash is still a problem.
Excellent on Nexus and Xoom. I noticed some minor quirks that cause some malfunctions, but stock browser no better.
best one
It is a nice browser for android.
love
I installed this browser a few weeks ago and since then its the only browser I use. I love that it comes with themes plus making my own themes. Its not only fast, but it has so many features you can use to personalize it to your taste. Install and enjoy!!
Fastest one for me so far.
Good feature set, look and feel.
The RSS module keeps crashing on my Galaxy Tab 10.1. For the rest quite fast browser, with sometimes strange behaviour / the electronic version of the newspaper Le Monde does not work / login attempts remain unresponsive, something must be wrong with the embedded Java code. Keep trying.
The best browser in terms of functionality but can do a lot better in rendering of webpages and speed.
Good
Nice browser, fairly fast.  One one of the bugs in found till now is that when viewing flash videos on YouTube with desktop UA, the audio for the video keeps playing even after you close the tab. Only stops by closing browser
Nice one
Work fast for me.
Ff
excellent browser, loving it so far - resolved many issues I was having on websites with Dolphin, in particular Facebook. Couldnt even post comments there (keyboard would flash on and off), text would detach from website and flow separately :O , and other issues on other sites. Faster then the stock and Dolphin browser, for me at least. Gave 4 stars because of a few (2) random FC, but waaaay better then Dolphin or stock browser so far.  Alos, as far as addons - some of the most useful addons ive seen,allowed me to get rid of a few standalone apps I had. as for preinstalled : LOVE the local apps one! and quick access is a must, made the transition from Dolphin to this painfree, as I use perhaps ten sites very frequently throughout the day.  I also have the issue of not being able to open a site unless its in the background or a new tab - but I usually open new links in the background from a particular site, so not much of a problem for me, but can see how others would have difficulties with this issue.  HTC Desire 2.2
Floating scrollbar in full screen view gets in the way and can't see an option to turn it off
its so gud
:-)
Suplike
Nice
ii Loved usiing maxthon and it's one of my fav. browser.. ツ
Keith 8-6-12 Have only used 3 times! It was fast and smooth so far! Will try for awhile and up date! Has nice UI!
Maxthon web browser is good.But it is not that fast.My 5th star is waiting till it gets more fast.
Nyc xperience on browsing.
Very good
Not as fluid as Opera, but seems to support videos better and does a better job of rendering some sights.  Still needs improvement handling video, but the best android browser I've used. Better than Dolphin, Opera and Chrome.
crashing. Annoying while trying to close tabs.
I like it.I use it.Follow me to use it!
Its good.......
Am a my space maniac and this is the best for using it. Google plus and orkut also is fast and efficient through maxthon.Facebook too works decently( faster than facebook app ). Twitter looks the same as its app. Other sites especially search engines and torrent websites are pretty good.But it will loose one star because the video experiance is ordinary ( metacafe , dailymotion and youtube gives you bitter experiances ). Force closes rarely and its better than other browsers
fast.  love the local app page.
Hangs now and then but excellence performance Tecno Android  T3
The only down-side is that it doesn't download some files correctly. Please fix this??
This is the best mobile browser out there wayy better than opera... I love it. But one problem I found is that picture downloads don't show in my gallery when downloaded from this browser. Also force closes alot.
yes it is my fav. browser
Love this app much better than phones own browser
Xlnt
Great browser overall, my only gripe is that it force closes far to often, and seemingly for no reason whatsoever. My device is Samsung Galaxy Gio GT-S5660M on Android 2.3.4 Gingerbread
Excellent browser.
Hands down a very solid app. Too bad the themes suck and not many addons or themes compared to the web version.
it is good not like uc browser
Love this app, no problem what so ever, does what it says. :)
I first started using the Maxthon on my laptop and loved and when i found out that they also have a mobile browser i decided tk give it a shot and i must say it did not disappoint. It is now my favourite for android.
S2. Fast and efficient browser
Never dispointed me
I have not tried other browsers yet, but so far I like this one a lot.
Works okay, a little faster than dolphin... But lags sometimes.
i like this app it really doing great what so ever
i like this app it really doing great what so ever
Force close in background
Good.But doesn't go to a previously searched website sometimes.
Good.But doesn't go to a previously searched website sometimes.
Very good
Yep pretty good fast browser
Great
Good
I'm getting a force close error every once in a while but still a great interface.
Faster and easier than the browser T-Mobile provides.
it's fun :)
Fastest browser for my old backup phone (original G1). Recomended over dolphin or stock browser for very small memory devices.
Perfect choice till ICS for it's playing in background. In 4.1.1 JB I lost that feature :(
Lighting fast
Do not download it has an trojan virus.the antivirus also donot anything my mobile donot charge kuch nai chal pata acche se
Just as fast as boat browser I think.
Lyk it,over awl best for androids,betr than opera bt its browsng speed is litl slow than opera browser. . .
หลังจากอัพเป็น ics 4.0.3 ใช้งานไม่ค่อยดีเลย  1. การเปิดแท้ปใหม่ บางครั้งเปิดไม่ขึ้น ถ้า เป็น แอนดรอยด์ 2.3.6 ทำงานได้ดีกว่า  2. ภาพที่ขึ้นบนหน้าใหม่โดยเฉพาะในเฟส จะขึ้นซ้อนกัน กดใช้งานในช่องคอมเมนท์ ไม่ติด มองมุมกว้างได้ไม่ดี เข้าเกมในเฟสแม้แต่โหลดก็โหลดไม่ขึ้น   สรุป ใช้เว็บบราวเซอร์ตัวนี้ได้ดี ในเวอร์ชั่นแอนดรอยด์ 2.3.6
Has everything I want in a browser. Fast, filled with features. Crashes occasionally. I also hate it when it refreshes the page without my permission.
Fast and futurious
It's a nice android browser !
Works well n higher recommended……thanks !
Navigation done right! For some reason my phone (running Jelly Bean) usually gets locked up when using this app. Please investigate.
Its nice
But avery nice browers.  Rescales text when zooming in.
Some times it's crashed with out reason. My handset is htc xl.
Its fast and reliable but its a little clunky like evrythingvl is in the way of the browser but it is still good
No pc like experience
good
Good
It's fast
This browser is too cute and too much fun!! I love that its different from other browsers :) Its fast,just needs to be a little bit faster. And i think something is wrong with the cookies thing,to view certain pages it says i have to enable cookies,i already have it on,so why would it keep saying this? Overall,its a great browser :)  -Samsung Admire
Good browser
Love it!
This is a gr8 browser, I loved it before the latest upgrade. Now it crashes so often. Fix it please and it will be five stars from me.
Excellent browser! Very intuitive and easy to use. Much faster than the stock browser!
nice browser but the speed it offers is little slow thank you guys
Good bt some faults are there
It is good for mobilr
Wish I could download faster.
Great App..
love this browser. it easy to use this browser. U.I us simple and easy to understand. the only thing abt this browser is it crashes when there is bad internet connectivity...  Fix it for 5 stars......
Download manager can download streamable video - nice. Crashes now & then.
Problem is I can't watch YouTube videos!
Missing setting to ... Forgot what it was, will look and complete later.
Tvkxsghb
It's seems faster && betterr than thee built in Internet . Glad it doesn't force to closee !! But I wish some of the different skins were already predownloaded instead of having to download them yourself ! Other than that , it's great ..
Hands down in terms of speed rendering..seldom render page incorrectly
Good
Good browser very useful tools.
I have used opera..and other browser..but it is better than these in content loding...colum filling ..b'cos it simly gives the desktop browsing experience so go for it.
I have used opera..and other browser..but it is better than these in content loding...colum filling ..b'cos it simly gives the desktop browsing experience so go for it.
fast and smart
Best browser to date. I've used them all
Is a nice amp
The only thing i dont like that it cannot go to playstore directly like boat browser and stock browser plz help me if it can do the same!
When I went to clean my temp files, it removed all my bookmarks.
A little laggy on my phone though :/  Using it on mt3gs.  Other then that browser is great, no complaints!
Nice app
Get it, use it, love it
Haven't experienced any trouble, everything seems fine; I have't found anything amazing either
This web browser is chock-full of features to make it  your own personalized browser. It is so much fun to work with. It's pretty fast too.
I'd be better if u please allow the downloads to be resumed from the breakpoints,,i.e make the download to start from the point v pause it,,     once the download is paused,it need to b downloaded again from the start,,,update it as soon as possible
This app works very well.
This is so amazing! :) I love it.. The only concern that I have is when we are scrolling up and down.. It isn't that smooth.
It's work while opera mini got problem on Novell Webmail.
I love it it's better than opera mobile
It's awesome, so fast. It's so close to a true desktop experience
5Star if it supports some other download engine like easy downloader cuz download speed is really fast and maintains the same download speed till the end. OR simply you can make the browser's download same :-)
Will get 5 stars when i figure out how to display desktop version
Sometimes locks.
Keep working
Kinda slow .
Nice,but getting slow back sometimes,
Pinch zoom could be snappier, but everything else is top notch.
its a sure recommend for fast browsing; only flaw is d downloading speed, defntly slwr than d browser! odrwise 5 star!
Really quick & packed with features
This is one of my favorite browsers and also the fastest! I have it on my phone, tablet and pc. The phone and pc version get 5 stars but the tablet version, freezing and FCing, gets a three in my book. Also I would like the ability to sync bookmarks on all three devices.
Very poor
Moved to the tablet version, to hard to use on Galaxy Tab 10.1
Nice 1
A really good browser for most uses. Has a lot off good helpful tools that add ease to some tasks.
Extremely fast and easy to use interface. Highly recommended to any phone including low-end smartphones.
Fst and reliable. All it needs now is speech recognition.
I found that it doesn't stream the video fast enough.  It loads it and waited before you got to see it. Some times you don't see it.  It should load it as fast as its downloading it.  Not that great on ICS for Motorola DROID RAZR
Fast, slim, efficient browser
This app is blazing fast.  I've been very impressed by it.  The only thing I am missing is for the recently opened tab to close when I press the back button.
This is the best browser for android I've ever used and it has all the features from all the other browsers that I liked
WorkS pretty gud in ma htc
I love it it's recommended
I love Chrome for Android, but it can't run on my original Galaxy Tab. This one is the best option so far for Gingerbread based device.
Thanks to you! No more long buffering .
Only thing that doesn't force close good app
The best browser for mobile phones! Recommended to everyone.
Ok
Locks up tablet. Crashes constantly. Claims to be faster than Dolphin, but actually loads pages slower. Tried for a week and it's the most hated app on my tablet. Uninstalling.
At the time of test was working good.
I like it.
It is not fast as uc browser
So far so good. Maybe I can rate it a 5* when I get more practice.
Very, very, cool!
Fast
Great browser, cant figure out how to import bookmarks yet
Really good browser
The browser is really nice I prefer this browser that dolphin.. Please do add support for coping url directly from adress bar and everything will be perfect ;-)
Some functionality are better than opera.. downloading is easy.. Pre fetch option never seen anywhere else..
It has some minor issues but its working well and its fast. Was useing dolphin but its become unuseable since the last update.
I don't like not being able to choose folder to save images to.
Scrolling has been very laggy & it suddenly stops active downloads if there's any of little network variations. The back button sucks! Uninstalled.
Better than original browser but U can't save bookmarks as shortcuts on ur home screen  If u can its not easy to do
Gud
Very well thought out and designed browser. Definitely worth a try.
+HTML5 required....
Comparatively slower speed like opera n other.. But great interface
Gud very gud
So far I like it but I have only had it a week so far
No hassles.. other than issues trying to close tabs..
It has plenty of features and also is fast, but i miss some features like saving webpage with images, or saving as pdf (firefox mobile allows save as pdf)
Quick app I was using dolphin and everythibg was ok but drain all resources
Quite nice...4 stars for this app...
Fast, nice design. Apart from when I click on a YouTube video, it goes to the homepage.
This mobile browser is good and faster than other browser that I have tried. The appearance might not be as good as Dolphin or Opera but the speed is much better.
good for samsung galaxy y
looking good.. needs more time to rate 5
Cekal jsem ho trochu rychlejsi. Nicmene i tak je super.
Good
Nice apps for androids. Smtimes works slow so i will give 4
Fxzgg
Sometimes it crash & slow down,browsing web pages is not so smooth. But still it is a good browser for downloading.
Good browser lots of thing. And nice user interface
Nice one. Keep it up guys.
I like this better than Opera and Firefox. Doesn't have Dolphin Sonar yet. Five Stars when Maxthon does.
Fast !!
Nice...
Great App and fast
Great App and fast
What a browser sir....... This browser better than all other browsers its very fastast browser
Doesn't let me set home screen bookmark shortcut but awesome otherwise and the quick tag is almost as good
works fine in my galaxy y.. better than the other.
Wish the black theme was still just black instead of like outer space
Like every mobile browser, they have their ups & downs. If you want fast, this one is it. If you want configurable + addons, this is not...yet.
I like it
This browser is gud....but when we download songs it'l not get updated in music player....
This is a better Browser than Any I have tryed so for.
Better than mozilla
I like the app, but s0me time crash.
Hffgcxggvffyh app
But better than built in browser
Loved it but why'd u take away the speed dial homepage? I loved that as soon as it loaded I could quickly access the sites I set on it
My favorite 3rd party browser.  Works about flawlessly on my nexus s 4g. Reminds me a lot of miui's browser which is a good thing. Keep up the good work.
Compare to mozila consume more data ...
Long time user. Glad to see it available for Android. Been using it nonstop since install. One complaint/suggestion though - it REALLY needs an Ad-blocker option of some sort to be included in the release itself. Can't find an Ad-blocker for the mobile version anywhere. :-(
Gd app
...if this app wouldn't crash so much!
Its better than others like opera.
Even though crashed two times on my Galaxy Y in my one week using experirnce.. The browser worked very smoothly all the time. The gesture features are too good. This browser is better than Opera mini, wen or even Dolphin
Easy to use.. love those themes :)
Good browser with nice view
Sip
Cursor on url  will disappear. Inconvenient.
Some time this application close without any massage other than good application
It's a best browser, very good, very fast, but one problem: it cant connect my adownloader with magnetic link. For that I am forced to use stock browser
It's a very good browser, but what is as deal breaker for me is when saving images. It just doesn't leave them with the name that already have, and by default it gives you the name of the page instead. That is just nonsense! I want images to be named with their original. It is even worse when saving an image with a direct url, since it doesn't give it a name, and its annoying having to give a name for it. Just leave the name it already has!
Best browser I've found yet for my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  VERY fast, very customizable, and very worth a chance.
this is truly the best browser, but i cant browse on it when i use wifi? no pages load, other mobile browsers work on wifi but not maxthon, pls fix :(
Its fast and good and all that but it closes by it self sometimes but it is the best though
Love the apps. Keep up the good work guys!
Smart browser, love it.
Very fast and very efficient
Its nice working....
I have used many browsers and this is by far my favorite. I especially like the ability to sync your bookmarks so easily. I was disappointed when I tried a voice search and maxthon did not support it... Add more themes and voice support and maxthon will get a 5 star rating from me.
Such. A good browser
Work perfectly!!!!
good
Really fast and smooth. Tabs  r good, downloading is easy n fast
Really fast and smooth. Tabs  r good, downloading is easy n fast
Its good but takes time while loading sometime.
Awsome
Fast but kind of clunky. Overall a nice browser.
Owseme
Love it.
quick and efficient.bettet than all others
Good app, make me comfort to surf world wide web.
Nice
Not bad...getting there..I liked it. ....Peace....
I like it
Got rid of other browsers. Much cleaner & efficient.
Pages load fast and glitchy at times I just don't know if its better than dolphin browser
Good but not as good as dolphin browser
Keep up the good work.
I must say is much better then the default Google browser " it still has 1or2 bugs tho"
derp good derp
Decent browser. Not the fastest browser out but it can do the job if you dont like the other browsers available.
واﻻهتمام أكثر باللغة العربية.
Bettre than other softwares realy nice !?!
Night mode is the best I've seen on an App. It changes colors for easy reading in the dark.  Browse as a desktop is great if you hate being directed to limited mobile sites (hard to find in settings as "UA").  It does not invade privacy (several browsers read sensitive private log data). My only issue is that private browsing mode never seems to work. Cookies are always saved unless manually deleted
Good one
i am enjoying this browser and its very simple and fast.
Iam using lots of browser but its amazing....
.. after only having tested 3 web browsers on android 4 yet, this app has the most useful + well thought functions. Fullscreen, quick buttons, flash playback speed, auto-delete history, kind of themes, no autocollect data, auto brightness, quit function.. creates a very good impression
Love it!!
Its a nice app but we expect more
Luv it!
Much better to uc browzer...
Smart and fast!
it has most of the best features any browser can have. It is quick, light, and easy to navigate.
Good.... browser...
Best web browser
Its not that bad
A lot of interesting and novel features. Still like it and use it on my pc, but just don't care for the mobile version anymore. Starting getting sluggish and acting sketchy after ICS.
Ive always used maxthon thought it was great. Now...   OMG. Woah. AMAZIN' :D         Should get it!
I lv ed it better then facebook app kindly add the share button I will giv 5 star.
Found it to better then opera
Galaxy y. gud interface. it downloads very smooth on wi-fi.
It's a great Browser, its lighting speed is outstanding and I couldn't ask for more. However I'm missing one of the features that Dolphin Browser has which is Sonar. If you guys could make this possible I'd give you 5 stars. But so far so good.
Very useful web browser , some time it automatically off but still gud one
I really like this browser, only a couple of things would make it five star. First a quick way to switch between mobile and desktop mode and second, lastpass integration. It is quick and great in full screen mode, though sometimes the little pull down bar pulls down but nothing happens - not often enough to make it a problem. Used to love dolphin, but i think this one is better, apart from the lastpass widget.
Were the best..... What on earth did you do? This last update went backwards.
I like the structure and  arrangements. But it's a little slow compared with what I have been using.
Nice working browser. No problems, but not super fast either. Still, always reliable.
,luv it  Keep it up
It's k
Fast browser but needs fix,  a lot of times when pressing a link  it hiccups and a different link gets  pressed. Not cool.
I like this browser, it just takes some time to learn to navigate. I'm not crazy about the swipe features, I keep moving around where I don't want to go.
Pages load fast & the tabs are great
It really is fast :) luv it. Mytouch 3g
It's awesome
Sometimes it does not open tabs using the long press on links
It works good whit my rooted phone .
Best browser out
Great browser but it force closes ALOT!! -LG Optimus V
excellent
Best browser out....
This is a great browser. The browser is fast and quick tabs feature is excellent. the ability to toggle full screen without having to go to menus or pushing unnecessary buttons, is an added bonus. I have 1 major issue you can't download files that are not associated with apps on your phone. I have to use the standard browser to do this. This will be a great addition because I download a lot of files on the fly with various extensions that I work with on my pc later. Thank you for this awesome app.
I used maxthon desktop sometimes back. Checked out the android version. Very good and intuitive user interface. Very much satisfied.  I faced one problem, though without which, would have happily rated 5. While saving images, I need to specify the file name. Why can't you specify the source name as default?
Good
Soo fast
I'm loving it  !! But Can you tell me how to copy a word  though? coz  I keep on clicking the select/copy button and it doesn't do a thing.please fix it; ))
Does what it's supposed to do and it's fast at it.  What else could I want?
Good.. Could be better
I am a MAX fan...with tabs, gesture, add ons, managers, cloud...and its free! Best Browser...hands down!
Fast n has a good interface.
Very fast with a great ui.
Super fast and nearly as polished as dolphin browser.  Keep up the good work!
Good
Nice browser, but would be best if it has built in video direct
A gud app yet problems to b fixed bt far more better then others
It opens fb just lyk d app version Wud b a 5 star if wud b as fast as opera mini
Have to improve the user experience. There are few short comings.
This that iish luv it
Great browser
Better den opera, dolphin.. Install n enjoy..
Much quicker for general searching.
Very quick and effective browser.
I like it!!!!!
Like that it keeps a couple of pages in memory for quick switching back without reloading; however seems to have problems with full pages...browser may close or freeze...
Not as fast as dolphin mini and takes a long time to open. Needs desktop mode
This is a grand work...in progress. Become more adaptable & secure. Oh, and fix crash issues by aggressive report gathering & update.
I like it :)
I am really happy ...  Its work very good on my Lg p698 !  But only problem is pages takes lots of time to open & some time open in half or some imge not been seen if possible plz fix it.. Rest is very good then other browser.
I'm alternating between opera mobile and ,maxthon and may soon switch to maxthon.
Blazin' fast even when the network strength is weak. . .
Very good browser. Easy to use and intuitive.
I like it so much..♥:)
Simple yet powerful. It sometimes closes on complex web pages.
good to download content from web.
yes its good
Would be 5stars if it can open up mobile video! Other than that.. its a great browser
This is grt 2 use works fine we can pause downloads. Grt bst ever
Renders much slower pages than dolphin. Apart from that, best browser out there.
Nice
Need a reopen closed tab function for making it perfect ;)
fast and fluid, still needs to be improved.
Great!
Links opened from twitter app in maxthon don't close when leaving with back-key. They stay open as "new tab"  Kind of annoying.
Best Android  browser by far!
Works well.excellent!
Very good
I like everything about it, but the only drawback is when I share a picture to facebook or any other source, I want to share the actual picture itself, not the link to it. Can that please be fixed?
the screen resolution on the xperia S is a bit awkward.
Amazing but slow for me and kept lagging out of web
its nice bt slower thn opera mini opera mini is d best...!
Its faster but eats up too much battery. Please work on that.
I download it when i looking for simple browser,then i met this one, so usefull.like it
This browser is fast, intuitive, with plenty of configurable options.
It's great..!!
Download at back ground vry gd
Still has occasional crash and occasionally program requires a force close. Otherwise it would have been five stars
No probs so far, even though its not as cost effective as OPERA. I still like it
I've used dolphin in the past but find marathon good too.  However having 1 problem. Sometimes several tabs open up & I've to close them 1 by 1
So far it is fast, easy, and reliable. I'm surprised it is not more well known.
Great speed
The only thing dolphin wins at is scrolling smoothness. Other than that, it destroys. Also force closes when loading some flash videos.
great browser
Its way faster then cricket
Little bit errors
Very quick loading site, worth to have it.
it is a nice browser which run smoothly.....:%
it's just great nothing else 2 say. for now 4 stars
Im using Live with walkman, I have install its awesome broswer...its works so better than other once...
Nice and good..
Good app
Beautiful browser. Downloader is great. However, occasionally freezes. HTC One X
Works good for my phone
this is the fastest web browser i have ever used but there is just one problem that it doesn't have full flash support. only youtube videos can be played. i wish this problem is solved with an update.
Very fast,lots of options
Maxthon is by far the best browser out there. Chrome, Firefox, Safari, NONE stand a chance. Best browser for Windows (used for years alongside others!) And now the best on Android!! ^_^
- Youtube experience better than Opera browser.
- Very bad pop up handling. Pop ups open in the same tab instead of seperate
- Frequent force quits
Better than I thought. I used to use dolphin HD and I always felt that was a very good Web browser. This on the other hand is way better and has a Freesheet feel to it!
Fast internet and all personalized to my liking! Great job!
Its really fast, and I love it. The only problem is that it doesn't save images to your gallery.
Today i found itt, but its simple great.
I was looking for a browser that didn't consume a lot of Ram for my galaxy note as much as the default browser.  Then I found in a article this app. After a couple of weeks I was using this app for all my browsing needs.and forgot about the other browser and believe me I try a few.
Why cant u feature this app on google play.or release a pro version.there r bugs buti got sympathy
Force closes A LOT. Gesture feature is poor. Sometimes it doesnt recognise anything.  Good browser, dolphin is still my preferred browser, but this is a close second.  Fix that annoying force close thing and Ill definitely move to maxthon
awsmmmm the fastest
No complaints. I like it.
Just about every android browser has enough quirks to make it annoying. Maxathon does a good job of displaying most web pages properly, is pretty fast and does what I need it to do. My only gripe is that it crashes occasionally, but still the best browser on android IMO.
:)
Nice
Very good on my old phone, doesn't function well with HTC One X however. Full screen mode for videos doesn't work.
fast
Fast
It's d good brwser I hav ever used but only d prblm is it is not possibl 2 download d contents even if browser is closed.... So reduced a star...
Just miss page translator, a very usefull addon and will be welcome!
Just miss page translator, a very usefull addon and will be welcome!
It is working good n fast But it takes some time to open websites
Its good !!!
The best browser
nice interface, but quite slow on loading and scrolling page. but like it, other browser uninstall...
Maxthon crashed when processing javascript like alert or confirm dialog, please fix it. Bug wont happen at the first time calling javascript, please try that at least two times and you will notice the bug. Mark one star for now.
Great app. Does what it says!!
Used to be 5 stars, but recently when viewing Manga, the picture areas blurred don't know why.
Does everything I need it to do. Exit button, customization, flash compatible, several tabs open at a time and quick!
easy to use
Nyc, a vry gud browser
So far this browser works great. I used to use Dolphin, but it became too slow and complicated. This one was the best alternative.
Its goooood!
The app is overall really good. If there is anything that can improve in the future, i would suggest the team to add functions as reafability to it.
The app is overall really good. If there is anything that can improve in the future, i would suggest the team to add functions as reafability to it.
Hmm... I like this apps !! ;)
Nice app!Great experience of browsing.
This is the best browser its super fast and I like that u can coustmize it. And the book markets are easy to make and get to.
fastest and useful than other browsers
Its really great
Nice nd fast
Please update. Some website load correctly and some are not.  This force me to go back to boat browser.
awesome
good and fast browser
Fast browser
So far so good
Very nice app
sometimes it takes a long time to close and in my experience it is not as fast our sleek as dolphin. i tried changing the skin and that allowed it down big time. at times it is pretty unresponsive to gestures.  in sum, better than the stock, but not as good as dolphin
It's slow at loading some pages
better then opera :)))
Works xtreme smooth on galaxy SL. the best among all.
I'm not quite sure whether maxthon is pure browser (in a way that Firefox is) or just a skin (in a way that Dolphin is). Nonetheless, I'm now using it as my default browser replacing Razr's stock browser because it runs smoothly, and had night view (turns most pages to be dominantly dark with white text). Speedwise, I don't notice difference compared to opera or Android's stock one. Firefox is a mess on my Razr
Great product. Light and  easy to use.
cool browser must download
SAME COMMENT AS 'Logic..!!':  WILL NOT RENDER MY FACEBOOK Desktop PAGE, NOW GOING BACK 3-4 UPDATES!!  :(  I am 'forced' to use Dolphin for just FB, everything else goes through you guys!!
My new favorite browser..by far better than those others out there that I've tried!
Very good unique reliable stable browser but only thing i dont like is downloading is not very good n little bit slow in showing web pages but far better than other browsers....good 4 STARS...
Downloading is slowly.
Have been using this browser for a few days and it is far superior to the default browser
Nice......
Love it!!
N
I like the app but facing a problem of force close.
Verry............nic
Good browser but as good as dolphin browsers
PC version is better
just what i needed!
My favorite so far, some force close with last versions. Besides it's sleek, fast, light, and great at rendering pages.
Cute browser i never seen like this fast excellent.
download breaking plz fix  increase the download speed
This is one of the best browser on g play
This is the fastest browser I have used. Dolphin has more features, but this is super fast.
I just love the browser.  Super fast UI.   Only problem is that it doesn't load images in fb posts on mobile fb site while on other side opera mobile loads is perfectly. Plz fix this :-)
A fast browser i ever have thanks
great and fast but seems to be more for phones than android tablets.
Great browser so far, love the feature to sync bookmarks between the desktop and mobile HTC desire Z
I've tried all the browsers available and found Maxthon the best.
speed so good
I like it but its a lil bit slow......
loads very quickly. n there are alot if u nifty tricks!
Good
I've tried many many browsers, and this one deserves my respect; very good browser.
Need speed dial interface more beautiful n user friendly...five stars for that next time
I like but slow working.
Excellent!
Add an option to remove the buttons in full screen mode
Much better than the standard good features in the settings
I dont know why dont they embed opengl in it like stock browser so smooth
Many good features. Would benefit from a reader plugin. Also needs "top" and "bottom" page gestures.
so far it is good..
Good but still testing
Tried all the browsers and think this is the best.
VFast but just crashed. Hope its a one off. Still I recommend it.
Very good
Awesome App For Anroid !!!
Nice app with gestures and features
Good.....but not soo good......
The best browser for android I have tried yet.
Its very similar to uc browser and has same kind of speed and features.
Updated the rating
faster,simple,different
?....
Is super fast
Very gud appln to brwse
Still using the app and trying to figure out all its features but so far its a good app to have on your android testing the mobile web browser to see how it handle video contents now hit you back later on with how it works
This new dizzle is the fashizzle
Would give it 5 star if it had flash plug in and cloud acceleration like UC Browser does.
Force closes alot otherwise one of the best browsers I used
Its really vry nice browser !!!
It is great!!!! I have no problems with it.
Nice
Ho yeah
I can't find any flaw so far. May be its time to remove other browsers from my phone :-P
Thik thik
Thik thik
Private browsing still stores form data .... but otherwise nice
no find on page ?
This is great, other than some download trouble on Ao3 and a little over 100 mb download on mediafire, I find it very efficient.
About as close to being perfect as Opera mobile. Maybe a tiny bit better.
About as close to being perfect as Opera mobile. Maybe a tiny bit better.
The first browser I've found that all the features work on my 10 g2 tablet . Feels like a pc browser. Glitch free. I love it.
I really like this web Brower I would given it 5 star if cleared the history when u closed the last page. Pls fix that or tell me how it can b done if that is already in place.
I really like this web Brower I would given it 5 star if cleared the history when u closed the last page. Pls fix that or tell me how it can b done if that is already in place.
Good bye dolphin cult....hello Max.   ★☆one critique☆★  small bugs here and there as others describe. Still all gravy baby
Nice but...
Great apps. Meets my requirements for browsing.
Good app but slow touch in sum wep
This app was all i used for browsing and it WAS great, now all it does is crash almost every use. Using on a galaxy s2. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but its still the same
Taking a break from Dolphin HD & Opera right now. Maxthon is quick, but not blazing, on my EVO 4G. It renders all my favorite sites well & syncs bookmarks online (not your Google/Chrome bookmarks, though). Overall, it's a contender for best Android browser, but still has room for improvement.
Great app, better than firefox
Just switched to Maxthon from Opera Mobile due to constant mobile flash and crash problems in Opera. Opera, however, has a faster/slicker & more functional screen UI than Maxthon, but it doesn't crash and it handles video flash better.
Good for facebook
Im not used to using new browsers but I like this one.
Good browser!
It will be more effective.otherwise good
Very good
A bit better than Dolphin. Great features and quick.
Worked well on my xperia x8, but i cant find the save page. Help pls...... (or in fact it didnt exist?)
I would give 5 stars if it had an add-on that enabled me to download a webpage as a pdf. ;-)
I would give 5 stars if it had an add-on that enabled me to download a webpage as a pdf. ;-)
Better than dolphin browser. Occasional forced Web closing but generally easy to use!
Whenever i change my phone.. Only one browser 1 use.. Really convenient and easy to use..
Other than getting a FC on some input forms and searches not offering real time results like other browsers, I'm totally digging the speed and performance of this browser.
very nice
nice browser than other....
Light,fast,unlike opera this doesnt get caught in the racist envorinment of developers.
Wow. Loving this browser on EVO 4G LTE. This Is my go-to browser now.
it so good
It sometimes force close with no reason, otherwise, good browser!
really great browser much much better
nice browser bt .minore slow.
Way better then the browser that came in my atrix. Still a bit glitchy I've had it force close a few times. More than i consider normal. Otherwise it's great. It's quick, easy to use, and has great options. I love the large status bar.
I have to admit that it is one of the best browser available in android.But i found 3 problems while using it:- 1)it fc's when i open 4 or more tabs. 2)earlier it was saving pages, but now it's not saving. 3)the close icon on the tabs are very small so, when i wanna close a particular tab,rather it closes other tabs.  But do download it bcoz that might be happening to my mobile....
Very clean interface-similar to chrome-but was slower for me than other browsers
Its very good app. Ilike it.
Good, just good. The only thing I don't like is the 'view image' option. Why don't make the image to be viewed in a new tab, instead from the phone's image viewer?
Really fast, clean browser.
Because you asked for 5, I give you 4. So there. Still pretty awesome though.
I love  this apps work is fast n  easy speed dial
Nice browser but its downloadin speed is much lesser than uc web browser
It's fast and handy, thanx to developers.
same as dolfine n opera.
Absolutely great except for a few times when I've rotated the screen and it stops loading a page and resets back to the home page
Have tried many many browsers on android.. this is by far the best.. less buggy than the rest although won't play flash videos in full screen.. but I suspect that's an issues with my fone rather than the browser.. if you are after a fast easy to use browser look no further :-)  HTC one x..
Sometimes when I click a link it doesn't open, so I have to long press and open it in a new tab.  That doesn't even work sometimes, so I have to refresh the page or restart the browsers. Fix that and five stars.
Really better than opera and other browsers.
U use many browser like opera uc n dolphin... bt maxthon is best..  Only the prblm m facing is i cant upload pics on fb frm maxthon.. the app stops unexpectedly.. plz fix this...
Much memory used.
Enough Said :)
Enough Said :)
I do like this browser. Love the ability to theme cause I get bored quickly with everything but the one thing that my HTC browser has that seems like no other has is the ability to send images I may find online without having to save it to my phone 1St. Kind of a big deal but not a deal breaker
I tried several time to add bookmarks whenever i like any pages but it fc everytime i try to do it pls pls fix this problem. Otherwise its one of the best browser i have ever seen. Even i installed it n my laptop now. In laptop theres no problem at all. Thanks 4 all ur efforts :)
Great browser.
Yeah its nice and light and overall a worthy replacement of stock htc browser...A lot better than the pc version
Awww
Best
Best
My favourite browser. But please fix this. It constantly close all the tabs when I open other application ( I dont exit the browser). And more thing. When I press the back button (while opening other app) the tabs will automatically refresh it. I hope for it to not to refresh the sites bcuz I want to save it for offline usage. Thank you!
PERFECT browser for antdroid. . BUT I face some problem when i try to past a copied texts of tamil fonts. .!!
its gd....
Good browser but ...i don't know how to save page web.... Need response...
nice app
Really nice!!
Too fast
Only 4 stars bcoz... It comsume more battery n d download problem.. Bt if these problems will b solved then... It deserves 5+5 stars... See for d problm developers
Great browser......
Beat other android by not crashing, and most values for its setting comes easy...will add 2 extra stars if My hope for maxthon for next update there is setting with option to cache to card or device...
I cant open espn's web page videos! Its the only negative point I have yo mention about this app
It works good
More options please.
Awesome browser ,money worth to be paid ...
No browser can compete this one. It is out of this world. Congratulations to the developers for creating such a masterpiece.
Its got evrythng u xpect n lots more unxpected....
First used on PC, this is better than Chrome, IE or Firefox. Love it on my tablet
First used on PC, this is better than Chrome, IE or Firefox. Love it on my tablet
Excellent
Used other browsers and stayed with this. Fast and easy to use.
Used other browsers and stayed with this. Fast and easy to use.
I am loving it's functioning and ease of use.
Best browser out
Maxthon is better than the browser my device comes equipped with! Never any problems, has the most amazing features. The thing I like most is that even when I don't have internet connection, my downloaded files still play! I'd give a trillion stars if I could.
no need to seek further. a truly elegant browser.
Better than any browser I have used on Nexus 7.
I have no words to describe the experience with this browser, is fast, beautiful and intuitive ui and i love it
I have no words to describe the experience with this browser, is fast, beautiful and intuitive ui and i love it
Can't believe its free. I love it.
THANKS
Love it
Great layout, works quickly and its easy to return to the homepage.
I used 360 apps till now. This app just insisted me to rate :)
I used 360 apps till now. This app just insisted me to rate :)
Till now I stuckup with opera browser ', max is verygood and speedy browser I very much like it.   But getting confusion how  can  add bookmark
Useful....fast. Hope no more bug!
Due to chrome's lack of interface (no download manager, doesn't even show downloads, no speed dial) I searched for another browser. Of all the browsers I have tried, maxthon is the best. Its an awesome feature packed browser! Maxthon is the best mobile browser! You will have no regrets downloading it!
It is very fast and I'm already using the pc version very goog
excellent
Probably the best browser out there, easy, clean, safe!
Good
I was hesitate.  tried dnd rated it.I used to use uc browser. now i prefer maxthon
I've used opera for 3 years and I thought it was the best Web browser, but wow this is 100 time better so easy to use . I always wanted multiple choice when searching just like a regular windows pc browser and this let's you pick any one you want from Google to yahoo etc
So far it seems pretty good I like being able to use the gestures to open tabs and switch between them it's a nice feature
I think this a great multi platform browser! Especially love the reader mode!
Lovely and simple
Im happy to use this site...
Koo
Super cool and amazing
Is really amazing this browser,the best one and is so fast.. (*****)
browser is fast. Reload of a page is extremely quick. Once in a while a page will hang up. Using it as my go to browser.
But this is way better. Best browser on Android. Has a lot of useful features built in. Not the fastest, but still pretty quick.
This is the only browser to do text reflow perfectly on an HTC ThunderBolt and a Nook Color.
Speed net
Again best ten star from me.
Fast. Clean. Simple. That's what this browser is. I downloaded as a workaround on the maximum number of tabs in my stock browser, but I've found it to be really good after trying so many other browsers.
Best browser I've ever used. Really appreciable. Easy to use navigate fast rendering and so
Removing Opera and getting this! Anyone else should atleast give it a try!!
This is absolutely the best android browser! Great design, have been able to access sites that I couldn't on the stock browser. Good instant access bookmark screen. Beautiful performance, thanks! EDIT: After further use it appears that there are some unloadable websites for this browser too.
Easy to use great app
Maxthon browser is the best......
I like this app.easy to use & fast....5 star....
Xp
I was a huge fan of dolphin browser for a long time till I tried maxthon and haven't gone back since. I highly recommend it.
Samsung Infuse.
It helps me indeed
Had been using Opera for mobile and this browser has more options and generally moves faster. Great job.
Had been using Opera for mobile and this browser has more options and generally moves faster. Great job.
Great I love dis app
I use this on my pc as well and can't complain at all.
Nice browser
Sweet, quick to load and lots of customizabl factures installed Marathon on m'y PC also
fast and stable, better than stock and dolphin on motorola razr maxx
I am new to android devices but I think this browser is easy to use and learn.
So far it is the best browser I've used and I do like dolphin and opera but I find this one faster and simpler to use.  Bravo for a great browser.
Very easy to use - and quick too! Better than Opera and Firefox. Only problem is that it occasionally suddenly stops. But it is easy to return to where it stopped as the history appears on restart.
Like
Really so good so easy so fast browser
Really so good so easy so fast browser
Best browser
Best browser
Been using it for quite sometime. . . Great browser so far. .  Much more as a mobile web browser!
Avg memory footprint. 5 stars when it can save pages
Best on market hands down, all others bow to this browser cause you don't come close to this app in style and use. Since I have used this app around home and work most if not all friends and family have switched to this browser , you won't go wrong so check it out and enjoy ;-)
Does extremely well. Replaced dolphin ok no time flat.
Very very very Good n useful browser.
Love this browser
2G running like 3G
Takes some getting used to though.
Tried them all and found this to be the easiest to use. Like the thumbnails homepage, better than trawling through favourites or bookmarks lists.
Better than any mobile browser
Better than any mobile browser
Gud
This is the best browser for me.
Awesome
Great application
Galaxy note ICS no problem, try it
Good&smooth running
This is the best broweser yet i have tried. Thumbs up for the developer
This is the best broweser yet i have tried. Thumbs up for the developer
This is the best broweser yet i have tried. Thumbs up for the developer
Good
Nice and smooth!
Great work!!!
Great.
Really fast browser keep up the good work
The best and fastest browser
I had my doubts when I first daw this, but the reviews left me feeling I should give it a  try.  They were not wrong.  I am even thinking of trying their PC version.  Give it a go!
I had my doubts when I first daw this, but the reviews left me feeling I should give it a  try.  They were not wrong.  I am even thinking of trying their PC version.  Give it a go!
This being only the 2nd app Ive ever rated, I strongly recommend this to everyone.
Fast
Better than any other browser app. I've tried them all
Good browser
Seriously i love this app cause it actually work great
Seriously i love this app cause it actually work great
It's fun using this app.
Nice
This browser is faster & easier to use than the browser that came with my phone. Thank you for a good browser that does not get stuck while loading. I am a happy user.
Works great :)
But the thing to rate appears me when i am in a hurry >.>
The easy-to-use features stand apart from other browsers including Safari. The fastest browser I've used in 15 years!
really great app
Best web browser ive seen. Extremely fast, fun and easy to use.
Its seas, fast, and fun to browse and supports & opens almost every web page.. !!
Tabs are one of the things I was missing most in the basic browser. Nice to have them in Android!!!
this application is all in one application,its fast and the best.
I have been using this for about a week and is working great. Has got many switching modes like desktop, android, iPhone etc.. A good competition to Dolphin.
Sometimes crashed
Had been using chrome with ice, but find this incarnation of maxthon quicker and pleasant to use.
Thanks
Thank to the developer of this nice browser more better if no block site because almost website here middle east was block
I tried 3 or 4 other browsers before this one and wasn't really happy with any of them. This one blows them all out of the water. Very fast and simple to use. 5 stars
i love it
This is definitely a better version than the one I installed a few months ago. I love the Reader section especially. It's my new favorite browser!
Nice apps. More faster than other browser...
Guess this works better than the opera. :-)
Good app... PC experience in my mobile......
I've tried all the other browsers and this is THE ONE to have. By far, Maxton gives you the best combination of features, with frequent updates and ease odd use. Love the transparent buttons and fast scrolling. The unique Night Mode will extend your battery life at least twice when browsing. Overall, a must-have app for any mobile user!
Smooth & feature rich.
Smooth & feature rich.
There was a lot of hard work and dedication that went in to this app. After using this I don't even want to use a computer anymore. It makes everything better it does take some getting used to but there is so much to do and I love that I can personalize it to be just how I like it. Keep up the good work and I will be on the lookout for anything new.
Always a reliable browser. This and dolphin are my two favourites however this one dosent forse close at start so it is my most preferred. Please keep up the good work! Sony Xperia s
Supppppppppper :-):-):-):-):-):-):-) love dis
A little laggy, but closest to a desktop browser than any other I have. Thanks, guys!!
Its the best browser I've used on a computer or cell phone!
Its the best browser I've used on a computer or cell phone!
Almost perfect & has proven to be the best replacement for glitchy Dolphin. Love the night mode. It would be nice to have more night mode friendly themes, a "scroll to top" button (speed scroll isn't smooth), & long press links to open in new tab. Also, I want it as the default for select things, but it chooses to be the default for everything.
Almost perfect & has proven to be the best replacement for glitchy Dolphin. Love the night mode. It would be nice to have more night mode friendly themes, a "scroll to top" button (speed scroll isn't smooth), & long press links to open in new tab. Also, I want it as the default for select things, but it chooses to be the default for everything.
I love it! Reminds me of google chrome
The best
Awesome android app
Vary nice browser for android but kabi kabi net diss connect hone ke bad downloading fail hota hai plz fix this problem.
i want to give u 6, if it has coz ur perfect for me. Thanks much for creating (^o^)v
support mediafire downloading
Best browser for android phones
Excellent browser
Excellent browser
Useful fast
Nice1000000002030485950058594844838392920200348588696060688540302102388558588640020375758956048+%+%:!((;!:!
App
Its an upgrade from dolphin browser
I've found the 'Maxthon Web Browser' to be one of the fastest and user friendly web browsers for the Android platform. I often use this app in preference to the stock browser that came with the handset. I had a few issues with previous versions of this app but with the last couple of updates things have improved.
Great browser
Really the best Browser App
Fast
Well done.
Well done.
THANK U
Good program for surfing the net
Very good the best on fir music and vidoe jackie
Very good the best on fir music and vidoe jackie
Best internet browser
,!,
Nice browser it rocks
Best browser
excellent
Good
the best.
Fast and easy to work with:-)
Really nice browser.
I love this browser. Using the Samsung Droid Charge. I have tried a few other 3rd party browsers, nothing else comes close to the quick, clean smoothness of this. Also highly customizable and light. Devs claim it can be moved to SD, but I haven't tried that yet... Don't see any need to.
Excellent works on my galaxy fit.
It is locking beautiful
Best browser on android, i believe have tried all and this one is the fastest and friendliest
Best browser on android, i believe have tried all and this one is the fastest and friendliest
Best browser on market
This has to be one of the fastest browsers out there, up in the speeds of Google Chrome for PC. I have not tryed any of the add ons yet, but the fact that they're available is cool. And best of all..  IT'S FREE!
Replaced light version of Dolphin browser now that I see it has gestures. Lots of nice features and as others have noticed still performs quickly.
excellent browser easy to use and it is fast
Fast and easy to use.
The Real Deal..
i love maxthon
Good
Good
Great love it
Works great on my HTC Explorer.
Works great on my HTC Explorer.
So very fast on zte crescent. Thank you.
Simply the best!!!!
Greats
Works well and I like it.
Great browser, better than firefox mobile and default browsers. Give it a shot...
The best
Gud....
Great
Best browser that i ever used
Just trust me and give this browser a try. If you use it consistently for a week or so I think you'll agree that it is small and fast but not the at the expense of power and flexibility. I think right now if I could have only one browser on my Photon this Maxthon would be my choice. The Best!!
Wow....
excelent
Saving image takes time.. It cant download frm page it downloads image seperately
this browser is really good ...load pages faster than dolphin browser ... i like this app ...
The best one
The best one
The best one
It is so different and good thanks for sharing.nett g.
Smart accessibility
Smart accessibility
As good as anything else in the market or better
Please Add share link
For such a basic browser, I have no complaints. Runs desktop sites well and has great flash support. For a free browser, it's well made.
As a longtime user of dolphin mini (which has been very buggy lately), I've tried several different browsers to replace it. This has by far been the best one! Tons of customizing options, yet it's simple and easy to use. A speed dial page, accurate clicking and speed are a must for me--this browser delivers all of those things!
This is so much faster than the stock android browser & all the others out there in my opinion.
This is so much faster than the stock android browser & all the others out there in my opinion.
This is a very good browser!
Good browser
awezome
Nice interface and loads pages quick. Good job.
Better than Dolphin!
MUST HAVE APPS
I like the gesture very much. Fastest browser
Faster then the stock browser on my lg me p350 love it
nindot
Among all the mobile browsers I've tried (dolphin, firefox, skyfire, boat) its so far the stablest and least privilege whoar ;) if you wanna browser that just works then Maxthon is it!
Fast and simple..
Excellent
I love it
Some time fast, but sometime its stop loading the page smoothly
this is the best browser, it rili fast...
Nice
I've tried a bunch of different browsers and none are as good or come close to this one. ITs MOST DEFINITELY A MUST HAVE APP! NO BULL$#¡%
Used most of d mobile web browsers and this is by far the best
nyc browser, fast bt hits on etym like hell
Glad to have found such a marvel. Well developed.
Nice
Awesome
Simple and fast
It's faster than Dolphin  It's cooler looking than dolphin  It's better than dolphin.  I love it but I wish you can choose your own tab colors and such for create a theme.
I use the PC version and it's my only browser. I immediately installed the android version when I got my tab but I'm yet to use it extensively. But if it's anything like the PC version then I'm sure I'm gonna love it
Awesome!!!
Awesome!!!
great
Try it nothing is better than this . This is no.1
Goood. I am using it now
Worst than stock!
I love this browser!
Job well done
Best, most functional Android browser I've tired.
Its the best mobile browser ever
Good joob
Awesome Application!!!
Only bad thing is downloading pictures makes it weird
Got BBC iPlayer working on my nexus 7.  Nexus 7 users download the flash apk online safely and legally from adobe
Nice
A very good browser.
I liked the themes. Totally.
Fantastic mobile browser. Every feature is excellent, works well. Love this app! Five stars
very fast
Amazing
Best I've used
Perfect!
Love this app
Nice browser 4 me.
Nice browser 4 me.
Faster than Chrome = 5 stars ;)
A much better alternative to the stock browser on my 2.2 phone.
Great app
Yarr ye to kmal ka heeeee ;-)
Excellent browser
Fastest ever
Tried other browsers this is def the fastest and the best all round, well done!
Great features and smooth. Can play back or download video,and access apps from browser.cool.
Excellent browser fast and easy to use. All video formats play with out problem. I think at the moment is the best browser.
Excellent browser fast and easy to use. All video formats play with out problem. I think at the moment is the best browser.
I like it
Simple to use
Better Then MetroWeb
This browser is superb and i love using it this one has no.lags works perfectly.......
Good spead
Like the way it is easy to navigate!!
Needed a browser to perform well overall and load FB well--Maxthon did better than Dolphin and Opera on my phone, and it's a keeper for me.  5 stars!
This works really good.not seen any fault yet
very good!
This browser is by far the fastest I have ever tried. It's simple, smart, and fast! Get it today!
Simple n efficient browser.
Love this browser simple and fast. I never encounter bugs or glitch. 5 stars.
Love this browser simple and fast. I never encounter bugs or glitch. 5 stars.
I have no complaints..  super fast. Facebook is easier to access with this browser than the actual FB app.. want more themes though.
Powerful and fast
Best browser hands down!!
Good Job!
The best
The best
exclnt bowser...bt update nid...
Great browser...everything works good
Excellent
V good
Awesome app! Best Internet app I have used yet on android, and period.
Chrome locks up my galaxy s2 this is better and faster then opera or any other.
Nicely done..
Fast
Uses all the built in core web browser functions .. it's the browser you don't like with a costume on
Pretty compatible to most websites and vpns logins and stuff.
Although there are many browsers, Max browser's best feature is it's ability to create a directory for the downloaded materials. Sipski, Educatetube.com.
Works same as opera with some new features too. Love it. Recommending everyone to use it and like it. :) :D
Use only with high speed connections and data plans, 400mbps and up. Until this browser starts offering cloud acceleration and selecting image quality like Opera Mini or UC Browser it will never be the fastest. Sure, the app might be lightweight and well designed, but that doesn't cut the download time itself. Pity, because the interface is good, waaay better than Opera.
Perfect
Awesome app
The other browsers don't compare! Very user friendly and SUPER FAST!!!!! Absolutely love it! DROIDX
Nice brows
One hundred times better than any internet browser on android! This is perfect in every single way!!
Easy
Highly recommended browser
Works outstanding!
Excellent
I love how simple and easy this browser is with many utilities and features... very fast also... Asus transform TF301
Makkhan !!!
the only two browser worth any are this and dolphin my perfect choices that work the best!!! top of the line great work
coool
Seems faster than dolphin. I also like moving between tabs with simple gestures.
Seems faster than dolphin. I also like moving between tabs with simple gestures.
Awesome
Awesome
Fast browser, plays videos online for non flash compatible phones. In browser apps nd shortcuts. Perfect for you mobile device.
Easy to learn
I love this app
I love this app
Awesome...good app
Very good browser
This is good I love it
Best ever browser! *-*
This z fastest and superb browser.....
This z fastest and superb browser.....
This z fastest and superb browser.....
This app is the best I've seen its fast quick n easy  I've been using it for a month and I've had no problems and I have no complaints.
すごいね！
You can download video's, and its a lot faster than those other lame web browser.
I love this browser. Excellent, all in one go. Thanks dev.
Thank u for making this Superb browser!easy and fun like I'm using Google chrome in my sgy! Very featured and reliable too:-)
My favorite browser on Android and PC. I LOVE IT!
it s the one of the best browser i have used it has excellent speed so that i have given five stars.
Default browser. I don't get all deep into what is the BEST OF THE BEST. But of all I've given a try this is my preferred choice....for now anyway
This is great! Its lightning fast speed and it works perfectly
Ezzy to save lot of f.ture tanks.
Fast & functional, enough said
0554898628 للمساعدة
Tried lots of browsers including the “big names“. None are in the same league as this one!
I have tried almost all other web browsers and found myself unsatisfied and quickly uninstalled them. I like this browser because it is fast and does  not stray to far from the standard android browser. If you want something a little different but no too extrem I would recommend this browser
Awesomeee!
Good
much better than chrome and opera
Wow
The BEST ! :)
I loved it ..best browser found ...very very lite and responsive  .... text wrapping also does its job ...overall 5 star from me ...
just love this browser very fast page loading with stunning looks and functionalities love to use this as default in my 4.1 inch screen.
Awesome
I had my doubts but its fast and a very good app.
<3
Preety and fast. Best browser so far
Meets all expectations
Works better and more options than the android installed version.
Best Browser I've ever used on a mobile device. Love the tabs and toolbar.  Almost makes me forget that my Inspire is 15" smaller than my desktop
I've been using Dolphin for a while but started to notice lagging and videos on YouTube taking forever to load and when it does a lot of constant buffering.. This browser is the best very simple well put together with a nice clean look..very fast no lag youtube videos load quick and play with no buffering even at high quality mode.. Works perfect on ZTE Warp.. Thanks :-) Also recommend task killer add-on.
COOL
When I still had a computer, I used Maxthon browser and Firefox only. They both were my favorite browsers. On Android I've been using Dolphin until I just discovered Maxthon was now available. Its much faster, which us important in Roseburg where only 3G is here (no 4G). Others have more features I think, however I haven't used ut much yet or examined what all features are available. But for speed, Maxthon is best.
nice app
Best browser...  I've tried em all too.  Just download and forget the others so called Web browsers
Good
Best syncing browaer in the mobile world.
This is absolutely the best browser for my droid x. Every single other browsers is point blank useless. Im back for good! Thank you!
Its fantacic game
Love the monkey theme!
Will probably give 5 stars when these are fixed: * The bug occasionally using 60% cpu even without any open tabs - drains battery (possibly fixed now) * Ad-block * Remove these annoying messages like when new tabs are being opened in the background * A totally black background in night view, with no flashing white screen when clicking a link * Remove annoying icons/markers and make it possible to use the full screen * Allow the use of back-key to close current tab
.. works, and works really well !!
great apps for browser
I've tried many (Chrome, Firefox - even Opera), but time and time again I always return to Maxathon.  The way the tabs are displayed and function, the privacy features, the user-friendly options menu, are all winners and make this simply the best browser hands down!  If you haven't tried Maxathon you need to. You'll wonder how you ever did without it.
Nice app
I use galaxy y
Great application
Very easy to use. Everything right there. And it is not a lot of memory.
Love it
Very fast and has a great GUI
So far so good.. but sometimes couldn't load page properly.. but overall it is still consider as a good application
Really great!!
Faster and more stable than any other browser on GS3 running JB ParanoidAndroid.
Fast and stable. Love it. It is my default browser already.
It's nice
Its looking good in appearance
This browser was introduced to me by a friend. And after I use it for the first time, I was shocked by the speed.
Good
Very fast web browser for android.
Have tried Dolphin, Opera, Chrome and the default browser. Maxthon is the best in my opinion. Fastest and the perfect amount of features. Intuitive and simplistic while still having some power features. Only wish would be the ability to sync bookmarks with desktop chrome but I know that would be difficult.
Excellent browser
This is the best browser! Makes downloads on my Samsung galaxy s2 super easy :)
Good app..
The best!
This is best software ever for web..
too slow  defeats from opera in selecting text as all other browsrr also copy of uc with less powered downld mngr
So like.
its like looking at ur comp screen...luv it
Donlode kar ba
So far best I have found. Easy to navigate. Super fast on 3g. Samsung Epic 4g.
Work great with HTC One X
great fast browser. but still lack desktop function. back button long hold cant appear last few website i visit. i need keep press back few time or open history. crash mostly but still won my heart from lunascape
great app..better than mozilla
Best browser for budget mobs
Best browser for budget mobs
Its excellent
love
Nyc than others...
I installed this browser a few weeks ago and since then its the only browser I use. I love that it comes with themes plus making my own themes. Its not only fast, but it has so many features you can use to personalize it to your taste. Install and enjoy!!
Tried a lot of browsers but keep on uninstalling them... till i got this one best so  far! keep it up ツ
All android phone should use this, fast, simple, good add on, and flash player ready. Even when you only got 2G, this browser still serve you good! Just try it and you will see the different!
All android phone should use this, fast, simple, good add on, and flash player ready. Even when you only got 2G, this browser still serve you good! Just try it and you will see the different!
Does everything and it's slick as fook :-)
I like Maxthon better than browser browser is.....
Good
Nice
Thirdclass
Cool dud
Thank you guys for this awesome alternative.
like it!!!
Good
Nice tho
Good to use
Best browser I've used on my nook color.
One of the best.... easy to use and fast. Way to go!
Nice
Easy, safe, fast and looks good.
Easy, safe, fast and looks good.
Good work
Good work
Its the future!
Tried all the other major browsers. This is ny favourite. Running a Sony Xperia Arc S on ICS and it's never got enough memory. This great browser seems to be the least resource hungry and does all I want and more.
Tried all the other major browsers. This is ny favourite. Running a Sony Xperia Arc S on ICS and it's never got enough memory. This great browser seems to be the least resource hungry and does all I want and more.
I've tested them all and this is the best browser by far.
Nice
Keep up the good work!
vary excelent
Gr8 app allows quick download. You can pause the download and close ur browser and continue it later which is why highly preferred for download over opra browser
Really good
Very fast. Faster than any other Brower on android. Tab browsing just like in desktop browsers. Just perfect all around. Click sensitivity and accuracy is better than other browsers on android.
Fast, smooth, doesnt take up much space, no problems so far (:
Fast, smooth, doesnt take up much space, no problems so far (:
Best
Ok
Commpared to many browsers it is realy userfriendly and worth the download.
Floating scrollbar in full screen view gets in the way and can't see an option to turn it off
I really love this app. Much more better than opera and others
Absolutely fast and brilliant.
Is cute
Best both on phone and computer
I have discovered lately maxthon by accident,it was very lucky accident.i love it,i is a great browser i tried all other browsers and i found all what i need in maxthon,speed,stability,many useful features,light on system.......etc.I give it esxtra 5,great job maxthon guys,keep on,thanks
Great
Great
excellent
great!
Its fast on htc incredible and htc thunderbolt.. Yes I have 2 phones. I was curious if it was any good on a laptop and installed it. It speed up my net surfing on a no name brand computer i was super impressed by how fast it is.
almost perfect！ keep up the good job！
great fast browser
I liked.
:-)
Awesome
It's cool
It's cool
Smaller than Dolphin, which is good. Easy to use, fast and never freezes ;)
Maxthon and Xscope are fast and clean. I haven't tried the chrome browser yet.
Best browser! I used Opera earlier, but this is the miracle! Лучший браузер! Намного лучше всего остального, и весит в разы меньше. P.S. It's so fast.
Works great. Runs smoothly, has easy menus including an exit program option that so many andriod apps do not have. The exit feature alone is enough to make it my browser of choice.
Full of options for customization.
For the moment is the best browser
so cool!!
Clean... orderly.. logical
Suplike
Its just as i said in the title
I love the quickness of the browser, but cannot auto select save to SD function in the download selection path, unless you manually input it and know the exact file to save it in. Definitely could use auto path selection like uc browser.
I love the quickness of the browser, but cannot auto select save to SD function in the download selection path, unless you manually input it and know the exact file to save it in. Definitely could use auto path selection like uc browser.
Hola, excelente buscador, muy rapido genial... Aunque a veces se demora pero es depende del internet fuera de eso.. genial x)
Sleek as chrome Gotta try it
Very very awsowm
Very very awsowm
Motorola razr maxx - ics. I open the file with mx player pro! Have fun. (Finally got flash to work :) )
Easy to use and fast.
Easy to use and fast.
Easy to use and fast.
Very nice for facebook but number of force closes plz fix this
I love this browser!!!!
Im using this on the pc as well and im as happy with it on the phone. Fast, nice in appearance and practical
Very good
What else can I say???  This is now my default browser.  :)
What else can I say???  This is now my default browser.  :)
Incredible and fastest browser of android...
Dggd
Dggd
Supurb . This is an awesome browser.
Great very fast interner connection
All that I need from a browser.  Regular updates to ensure compatibility.
ii Loved usiing maxthon and it's one of my fav. browser.. ツ
Fast, always does as advertised.
Nic
Keith 8-6-12 Have only used 3 times! It was fast and smooth so far! Will try for awhile and up date! Has nice UI!
Superb
I like it.fast and easy.
Better than the rest and I have tried them all.
Maxthon is a wonderful browser
All
fg gu
A good one
Quick, lightweight, easy to use, synced bookmarks. Works perfectly well on Android. - Droid Charge
Very nice
Faster and more stable rendering than any other browser on my skyrocket. If you are experiencing problems do a restart or get a better phone that can handle today's technology.
no prob so far
Excellent program, nothing it can't do
Its fast on everything it suites me perfectly
Its fast on everything it suites me perfectly
Must have it
Am enjoying it
I was thinking of switching to chrome from what i was using before (opera) because that's what i use on my pc but gestures proved much more useful than i expected
I started off with the PC edition of Maxthon, and when I got a smartphone I knew this would be the best browser for it.
Nice web browset
Fastest browser and downloader i ever used. It can esily download my custom roms on my cell phones.
Love the blind gestures. Fast and easy to use.
Great
Great
Gestures, read mode (love it), velocity... I had used Opera mobile before I've found found Mathon.
Its good.......
Its good.......
Best browser out there!
This is a great product; it is leaps and bounds better than the default Android browser.
Out of sight!
Out of sight!
Looks brilliant on the large screen and layout is great :)
Looks brilliant on the large screen and layout is great :)
Its my fav browser..
Superb!
Superb!
Its fast to use fb than fb for android...!!!
My favorite browser, by far!
gud
gud
Finally found a replacement for the discontinued Miren Browser. Has everything. As fully featured as any desktop browser. Tried Boat, Dolphin, Opera. All of them. This is the one. Great toolbar and fullscreen buttons. Private browsing. WAP and desktop options. Try it.
Gud
Only the best.....SGS3
Very good !
Its the best browser, fastest except for facebook. Besides it is very slow wen going to previous page unlike opera..*_*/}
Made my Internet noticeably faster, great app.
Cool app...
Cool app...
Fastest browser yet!
nice pick..
great
I think Maxthon is the coolest browser on the planet. I have the mobile and pc version. Its dope!
You can watch videos online through this browser.
Fast and direct..i made it as my system browser app..hope the next update will be great too..keep it up..im doubling the 5 stars..
Awesome app. Works smooth. Looks good. All features work well.
Buti
Easy to operate
Good
Nice features
Great app.thanks.
Nice
****************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
Fast as h3ll and Nov problems yet.
Fast as h3ll and Nov problems yet.
The desktop browser is pretty awesome and it has a bunch of useful built in features. It hardly crashes and it doesnt have buggy tab opening problems like dolphin did.
Ohhh
Please add Duck Duck Go as a search. Please! That would make this browser perfect.
please suppor more for arabic
Very fast
Switched from Chrome and Opera mini.  More fun to use and comparatively fast, respectively.  Try it.
I use the internet mostly for pinterest and this browser works the very best for that. It has been great on all websites actually
I use the internet mostly for pinterest and this browser works the very best for that. It has been great on all websites actually
Works great. Better than dolphin
great browser, the only down side is that text select feature does not work and gesture feature is kinda useless since it's not that responsive...5 stars if these features get fixed by next update until then uninstalled
I like the browser kvery much i enjoying the browser with fast downloading n much morem
but not the best
In the latest update the search/address bar does not appear when the search key is pressed in full screen mode.please fix
This is the best browser
See for yourself
Its awesome n fast internet  browsing.
Best browser
Excellent
So FAST compared to Chrome, Firefox, and especially the stock browser!
By MIUI.Fast and smooth.
Awesome
This is great!!!
nice job
nice job
nice job
I was on a perfectly innocent music forum , clicked some icon on the browser and a hard core porn site popped up. Wouldn't close, never happened on any other phone browser.
Tried them all and this is the best browser ive ever used on xperia play!
App
Best mobile browser buy far! When you hit the back button it instantly loads the last Page, where the other browser's seam to reload the last Page.
Best mobile browser buy far! When you hit the back button it instantly loads the last Page, where the other browser's seam to reload the last Page.
Superb browser and must have this to all s2 owner
Superb browser and must have this to all s2 owner
Its a cool app...enjoying every bit of it....DROID4....likes it too.  .
Its freakin great.
better than firefox and stock browser
Works perfect
Tried many browsers, and i seem hooked with this one :-)
Sweet browser
Simply the best.
Has all the features you could need, a great interface, the best zoom in the business and is rock solid. What more could you ask?
By far the best browser I have used on the Galaxy Tablet 10.1
Very fast and pleasantly easy to use interface. Great job Dev. Team! (by the way, for what it's worth, I was an avid Dolphin HD user, now I switch back and forth depending on what I'm doing on the Web. (Maxthon had gestures also if that is a factor in your decision, it is one of my favorite features of the Dolphin browser, not to mention all the add-ons.) The other nice thing is that there aren't a ton of add-ons that will inevitably make the footprint on your memory or sdcard (our both) bigger and bigger!
Good
Smart browser for mobile..keep it up maxthon..
Smart browser for mobile..keep it up maxthon..
it is good not like uc browser
superb
Recommend
I first started using the Maxthon on my laptop and loved and when i found out that they also have a mobile browser i decided tk give it a shot and i must say it did not disappoint. It is now my favourite for android.
I like it
I like it
Nice app
Easy and fast
very nice
Awesome! Fast! 5 star good!
S2. Fast and efficient browser
Watching porn on this. C:
J have played with a handful of browsers and this one is the fastest and most visually appealing.
Beats all other browsers now.   Only gripe is that it seems to make the phone heat up - sgs2/tablet s/dhd
Till now Opera Mini was my fav. Web browser but after facing so many problems with the downloads... I switched to this and believe me guyz.. Its amazing as it provides u so many options that u'll jst love to be on the internet everytime...
v.good App
I Can't fault this browser in anyway, fair enough it has odd little niggles but nothing major or annoying, both quick on either wifi or 3g
Good stuff.
I love this app! Fast & easy
I've just installed this browser, no more than 10 minutes of trying I've quickly uninstalled the other apps and set it as my default browser. Let see how long it stands to be mu fav browser, hopefully there's no "junk updates" like other have
I've just installed this browser, no more than 10 minutes of trying I've quickly uninstalled the other apps and set it as my default browser. Let see how long it stands to be mu fav browser, hopefully there's no "junk updates" like other have
I've just installed this browser, no more than 10 minutes of trying I've quickly uninstalled the other apps and set it as my default browser. Let see how long it stands to be mu fav browser, hopefully there's no "junk updates" like other have
Dumped dolphin-browser and couldn't be happier. Bigft
Really very useful with cool themes!
Never dispointed me
Blows my mind
Blows my mind
Good browser
I have not tried other browsers yet, but so far I like this one a lot.
one of the fastest mobile browser for andriod.! i tried opera, dolphine, UC browsers but nothing surpass maxthon speed. great job .
one of the fastest mobile browser for andriod.! i tried opera, dolphine, UC browsers but nothing surpass maxthon speed. great job .
Best you can get!
Best you can get!
Maxthon came with my mikg ROM sooooo I gave it a try. It seems to run faster and smoother than dolphin and opera so this is now my primary browser.
Maxthon came with my mikg ROM sooooo I gave it a try. It seems to run faster and smoother than dolphin and opera so this is now my primary browser.
Best app. N explorer for android...
Lots of options very user friendly
I've been using this browser for a few weeks and all I can say is this is the fastest browser out. I've used the others and this one stands out by far try it and you won't regret it!!!
Excellent browser
Great
This does all I want it to as a mobile browser.
Good browser fast easy to use with nice add ons. Prefer over dolphin very impressed so far
Switched from dolphin hd to this,  much more reliable and faster.
great and fast
Best browser I've found! It has been a bit weird since the update to ics but still works with a little prodding.
Best browser I've found! It has been a bit weird since the update to ics but still works with a little prodding.
Excellent
I have this object my tablet on mesmerize and galaxy 3 it works great on all of them.
Very fast!
comparing to fiefox, opera, and stamdard amsroid brower. maxthon appears tp be ver smooth:-)
Can't believe i didn't find this browser before. Using Android for 3 years now best browser on the market.
Can't believe i didn't find this browser before. Using Android for 3 years now best browser on the market.
Faster and easier than the browser T-Mobile provides.
versi internet ternyata
The best full stop
Instantly became my default internet browser
Very good I love it. Very much no complain coodows
Motorola Atrix 2 I like this App. I wish it ran a little faster but overall I would recommend this internet browser.
افضل متصفح على العصور
it's fun :)
love it everyone should have it
its really workng good.
A feature-full and fast  browser.
Crashes on open. Running Android 4.0 ICS
My crickett browser was so slow on the go.This one spead it up so much more.Thanks.
Fastest browser for my old backup phone (original G1). Recomended over dolphin or stock browser for very small memory devices.
Fastest browser for my old backup phone (original G1). Recomended over dolphin or stock browser for very small memory devices.
Great App This is wonderful
Great
Good and fast  browser.
Thumbs up
Those of u who love this app! Have you ever tried opera Mobile? I think you haven't
Is Excellent
Is Excellent
However, while entering the URL, the back space is getting pressed, and the entire text is disappearing. Please address this.
Very.nice...and quick
Best browser ever. Easy to use.
it's good than opeara
Its a good browser for android...
Simply the best :-)
Do not download it has an trojan virus.the antivirus also donot anything my mobile donot charge kuch nai chal pata acche se
Ok
Does most things fast and well
I love the ability to screen shot on my phone.
This is the fastest browser I've used on Android yet and is laid out well.  Top notch!
This is nice app
This is nice app
Very fast
Currently tops
Love it. Works great on my Samsung Charge and my Kindle Fire
Pleasantly surprised by the speed of this browser. I just removed 3 other browsers and made this my default.  Thank u.
Like the browser, but wish it would be updated to fix the bugs noticed when run on G2x stock 2.2.2. Also will not show allowed/permitted popups... ***
Love every bit of it, my favourite
Very nice web browser
Very nice web browser
Best, I been using maxthon desktop many years ago, but in phone I use boat browser, dolphin browser, but when I use maxthon, I felt the difference. :)
Better than my pervious Dolphin HD browser! Much faster!!!
Keeps force closing when hitting the settings button on nexus 7
best in class tabbed browsing and intelligent futuristic caching...loved it..
I'm loving it!
Fast and smooth. Def 5 stars.
Berasa  bgt di andro. Tp di tab gak ngaruh.
Works well n higher recommended……thanks !
Works well n higher recommended……thanks !
The ultimate browser.Its awesome ......!
The ultimate browser.Its awesome ......!
Awesome
Fast and responsive
Fast and responsive
Its nice
Its nice
Best browser i've ever experienced
Easy to use, like the full screen option, all good
Why is this not standard on phones?
Why is this not standard on phones?
Super fast browser.
Works well with my phone
One of the best I've tried on android.
No complaints. I love it!
Its fast and reliable but its a little clunky like evrythingvl is in the way of the browser but it is still good
Its fast and reliable but its a little clunky like evrythingvl is in the way of the browser but it is still good
Sfhij
Great Browser
The best  I've used thus far.
Legit so far
Legit so far
Love it
The best I ever has for android
Zoom! Also includes private and night modes and easy user agent adjustment. iPad websites are pretty nice for tablets as long as you hate flash as much as Apple :P
Zoom! Also includes private and night modes and easy user agent adjustment. iPad websites are pretty nice for tablets as long as you hate flash as much as Apple :P
Still slow and crashes like all the rest.
Love the tabs and the ability to do searches with speed.
Hgrikjv
I like it
Gr8 browser...doesnt eat up huge amount of internal memory or ram
Suprb app i liked
This is coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
This is the best Web browser on the market
Like my love prerna
nice
nice
The title says it all.
Excellent
Simple clean lines...like it
nice good browser
I love it. I am using on my pc long time since.
I love it. I am using on my pc long time since.
Works great
Very useful browser
I like that its useful
Su
The best browser app on the market!
Love it!
Love this browser fast smooth and reliable will give it 5 stars for now lets see how the addons work but brill work by dev team much faster than dolphin
Love this browser fast smooth and reliable will give it 5 stars for now lets see how the addons work but brill work by dev team much faster than dolphin
B
I got irritated with Dolphin (mini) being so slow. This is nearly as fast as my laptop. Very pleased.
Fully agree-maxthon is the best
More stable than the samsung browser
Maxthon is very stable and fast, I love it!
Excellent browser! Very intuitive and easy to use. Much faster than the stock browser!
Probably the best mobile browser around.
Has a different feel compared to most browsers
Fast & efficient
i hv used many browser bt this one seems to be working at jet speed grt job done.
It has a lot of options. Also when zoom in or out it automatically adjusts the text to fit in the viewing screen so I don't have to turn left and right. Thanks!
I have about 5 browsers intalled, but am becoming more and more attractedvto Maxthon. Easy to use and well designed.
I like it.
Well done. I love it and can't wait for another added value.
The best browser for Android period
I use this everday it has so much features and it replaces any other ones byfar
Good
Good
This is my new favorite app best browser out there.
Fast very user friendly and all in one conveinient browsing. Thks!
Fast very user friendly and all in one conveinient browsing. Thks!
Download manager can download streamable video - nice. Crashes now & then.
After xscope deleted one of my important files through its overly complicated setup, I ended up here! Thankfully this browser is pure brilliance!
You people are great
great browser
Excellent:)
very good browser
The best app in the store.
Awesome browser!
It is the best one I have found
Good browser, highly recommend.
Good browser, highly recommend.
This is veryhelpful
Lala.
It download files without being html.
Nice app.thanks to devloper.does hang no problem.just excellent.i wish i could give more stars
Awesome browser! On P500
Awesome browser! On P500
I love it very much
I love it very much
I love it very much
I love it very much
Great apps
Just use it for a while, in my opinion its the best browser for android device, no wonder rated 4.7. Keep it up dev! :-)
Keep it up
Everything be easy
Superb browser for samsung galaxy y
Excellent browser which  I ever used.
Excellent browser which  I ever used.
Excellent browser which  I ever used.
Excellent browser which  I ever used.
Great
Far superior than the default Android browser. Opens pages much faster, has never crashed for me. Highly recommended :)
Vghhh Dgg
Awesome browser. Can't  surf without it!
Although the fastest browser I've tried it also makes my phone extremely hot, seems as of it uses a lot of resources and juice. Have to Uninstall before I burn myself...
Awesome dude
koooool
No Internet hiccups whatsoever!
No Internet hiccups whatsoever!
No Internet hiccups whatsoever!
Smart browser my android query phone.
Faster than Dolphin, Ninesky and Boat. Better rendition of web pages than Opera...also comes with night reading mode. Downside: too much cache files
Very good app
Wonderful Browser  Fast, efficent, downloads are awesome!!!
Wonderful Browser  Fast, efficent, downloads are awesome!!!
Doesnot hang like android or dolphin browser in a poor 3g less third world dirty country like India
Very impressive speed and features
It's seems faster && betterr than thee built in Internet . Glad it doesn't force to closee !! But I wish some of the different skins were already predownloaded instead of having to download them yourself ! Other than that , it's great ..
Love this app so fast on browsing watching video
Great application. Sumwiz  Galaxy. S3
Read above.
Fantastic....would prefer marathon over others, it's  even better than the built-in one.
Great browser and lightning speed downloading
By far the best fast and stable
very good.
Nice... even better than Dolphin HD
Nice... even better than Dolphin HD
Good working
Tried quite a few browsers but none as good or reliable
Good browser very useful tools.
Excelent browser i have ever seen.
Works better than chrome.
Works better than chrome.
This is the best web browser i have evr seen, never crashed, never frozen or force closed i love it, been using it for a few months
I love this browser! So much better than the stock one. I have used a few of them that are on the market and this is my favorite! HTC Droid Incredible 2
I love this browser! So much better than the stock one. I have used a few of them that are on the market and this is my favorite! HTC Droid Incredible 2
I thought stock Jellybean browser on my Galaxy Nexus was good but this is something else!!! Highly recommended
I thought stock Jellybean browser on my Galaxy Nexus was good but this is something else!!! Highly recommended
The best browser
ftastic!!!
Fast and easy to use... its just perfect  for samsung galaxy.
I have used opera..and other browser..but it is better than these in content loding...colum filling ..b'cos it simly gives the desktop browsing experience so go for it.
I have used opera..and other browser..but it is better than these in content loding...colum filling ..b'cos it simly gives the desktop browsing experience so go for it.
Lov it
Pretty good, private browsing works fine
this browser is best  than the other browsers....i gave five star for this browser...
Very nice browser....
Very nice browser....
Sick
The best so far!
流畅又好用！
Light. Fast. Reliable. Better than Chrome.
Light. Fast. Reliable. Better than Chrome.
Light. Fast. Reliable. Better than Chrome.
Great
I have used many browsers but this one rocks, its so easy to use and gives you so many option and the most important is READER,Im not looking no further this is my favorite browser now,thanks alot developer
Super fast!
The best
good browser ...
After being frustrated with the tablet's original browser, I found this one and it's so much easier to use.  It's brighter and easier to view in any kind of light, too.
This is by far the best browser available for Androids. Features are slick and works like a charm. It deserves no less than 5star.
Have tried several with limited success. This one does what it claims and does it without any problems.
I like this browser, runs good on my phone.
Just toooo good,must download for FB.
Using this on my nexus 7,and it's very smooth.
Awesome
need i say more?? anyways here goes EXCEEEELEEEEEENT!!!!!
Good...
Must have
Get it, use it, love it
Great app. Absolutely impressive
I have galaxy note and works perfect
I was doubtful about using a new browser and how it would effect the operation of my phone. This browser is powerful, fast, and smooth. Good features and slick user interface.
I was doubtful about using a new browser and how it would effect the operation of my phone. This browser is powerful, fast, and smooth. Good features and slick user interface.
Great one and updates available bt short intervals...the best browser i wil recommend for all
Nice and fast galaxy s2
Fast on startup and to load website... good browser...
Works perfectly with rooted Thunderbolt
Nice browser and very fast downloading...
This browser has usefull add on i like to use them, its actually fast. Good job anyway.
Fast & cool browser for my PC and mobile phone. Nice apps...
I have used them all and this one is fast and is easy on the battery. Sync it up with my Google Bookmarks and it runs great,highly recommend on an Admiral or any lower end smartphone. Someone finally did an app right!
Fast, flexible, customizable. Nexus 7.
The full screen mode makes it like you have a larger screen, great job.
It's awesome, so fast. It's so close to a true desktop experience
Force close always
Force close always
Very nice browser...
I used Dolphin, Opera, Firefox and Skyfire before this one and it's the best by far. Lightning fast, smooth and easy to use.
Hope it continues.
Hope it continues.
Hope it continues.
when it comes to blogging, opera, stock android, skyfire is a joke. Maxthon rocks!
Realy its an efficient nd fast browser.
simple to use..
Awsome
I stopped using dolphin after it was force closing too much. Not liked any other browser I've tryed till I found this one. So far its fast and love the layout in full screen mode. Also love the themes. Keep up the good work.
faSter than any other browseRs in the maRket.
Awesome... Works well, but downloading has many issues pls fix them, then i will give it 5 stars... Looking for updates
The best web rowser for me. I have not encountered any bugs in about a week of heavy use.
Best web apparently out if you don't believe me download them all and see for yourself - great job
I like this ,majestic nonmore words
Cant say enough bout it. Great browser!
Loads pages quickly, re-wraps text efficiently, has a night viewing mode that saves power, it does exactly what you need it to sgs3.
Really good
Grt
Fastest web browser for android.. Really its sooo good...
Great
This a great app it has all in one no need to anything else thank you very much for wonderful app hope it doesn't change!! :-)
i have never seen this kind browser this is very fast
Very fast, even on older phones.
Yup
Its awesome browser. Its fast. Its stable.
Love it
This app is same like google crome and this app is soo good
Loads faster than the one equipped on the phone
very fast compare to using facebook apps.
Super
Doesn't make huge promises and slackout with fcs like other browsers; tried them all opera,boat,dolphin all were good but this ones the best; faster + lighter + more features.  Just love it! Hats off to the devs for developing. The best browser in the world for mobiles :)
By far the best web brouser i have come across so far, it does everything i want it to do.
Computer version needs work but the mobile version is good. Work on FB apps please!
Best browser
Awesome
Fast and useful.
Its fast and helps us to do work fast.
Good
Delivers expectations
Very smooth, surprisingly few glitches. Nice job
So for the best browser I used
Best one right now.  Would appreciate if it remembered your settings.
It's just so fast compared to all the other browser's & at the same time user friendly too. Seems like the perfect browser. Great!
Excellent browser
I love it  give it a try
Have it on my phone, tablet, and laptop.
I love tis app
I don't know why maxthon doesn't get more attention. It's a great browser, very fast on my Epic 4G Touch. Honestly its faster than dolphin. Least for me it is.
Fantastic to use dose not hang up
for my low end galaxy y it is better than dolphin, for sure.
the best
the best
Good
Best browser i have. It would be better if next update the huawei m860 can play videos without buffering. Two thumbs up
its good goodari n goodest.........
Best browser out there
Nice
Superb and stylish.
Fantanstic browser and very quick.
I recommened this app to anyone..best browser out there..I have a samsung replenish an haven't had any issues really..it has forced closed a few times,if you guys could check into that,that would be great!! Thanks guys
I recommened this app to anyone..best browser out there..I have a samsung replenish an haven't had any issues really..it has forced closed a few times,if you guys could check into that,that would be great!! Thanks guys
Need a browser that run flash player this one is great.
Works as advertised
Sweet browser
Goood
Great!
Works well
Nice,but getting slow back sometimes,
Nice,but getting slow back sometimes,
its the fastest web browser for android...  luv ds.
This is the browser for you if you are tired of waiting around while your browser freezes up or simply crashes.
This is the browser for you if you are tired of waiting around while your browser freezes up or simply crashes.
Wow ! Wow ! Wow !
Just fantastic app. Recommended as fast Internet access and so easy to use. Don't forget waste time with other apps. Just use this. It's a great apo
Great browser simple interface
So far so good. Been using many other browsers  and appreciate there speed and size of this browser. There user interface is  also quite  good
Nice...Sweet...it's the Fast and Furious of Web browsers...
It was very fast and lite
On a par with boat and dolphin
Best mobile browser till date Fast and cool Awesome UI
Nice brouser.
Excellent apps...
not bad
I user this browser all them time, for it's compatiability, it's responsiveness, but above all for it's user friendlyness, it's so easy to understand and has all you need in one attractive package, making using them internet a nicer experiance. :-)
Now try it
Easy to handle
I have tried Chrome, ICS Browser +, Opera Mobile, Firefox, Dolphin etc... and I am pleased to realise Maxthon is one of the best browsers out there. Using it as my default now.
Really quick & packed with features
All facility in it you want
Loving this browser! Way better than Dolphin.
So its a lags a little on loading at first..but very dependable. 5 stars. Never force closes.
I used Maxthon on my PC long time ago...I am using this on the android now...it is neat..fast and beautiful...recommend this for sure
Stop looking this is the best
In a word...AWESOME! No need for another browser. Uninstalled Opera,Firefox, and Dolphin. They dont compare. This browser is lightening fast!!!
i think this is one of the fastest and well organised mobile internet browsing app. every smartphone user must  have it.
i think this is one of the fastest and well organised mobile internet browsing app. every smartphone user must  have it.
Keep the good work going
Keep the good work going
Love this web browser everything is just fast
I m happy finallly to see a beautiful browser with high speed downloading...i m in a habit of watching movies on my phone...Maxathon stands at my back to downlaod them all far more quicker than other browsers...chrome used to crash in between and the samsung browser cant pause the downloading if I want.....maxathon has almost all the features that I expect from a browser...just loving this app..If u r reading this..go ahead and pick maxathon up for u..Thumbs up for Maxathon!!!
Works really well on my Archos 70 tablet. Been using it for 2 weeks now. Fast and seems quite intuitive to use.
just like a desktop browser its damm good.I highly recommend this product.
Who needs chrome when u have this one?
V.gud
Though I never really had a problem with the default browser on my Android, it sometimes seemed...slow. I tried Maxthon and was immediately hooked...and I had to write a review. It seems to load pages much faster, even on a slow network or poor connection. The interface feels much cleaner than "Browser" and the full-screen toggle is as brilliant as it is unobtrusive. I don't normally get worked up over browsers, but I *am* looking forward to exploring (if you will forgive the pun) this app's other features.
Though I never really had a problem with the default browser on my Android, it sometimes seemed...slow. I tried Maxthon and was immediately hooked...and I had to write a review. It seems to load pages much faster, even on a slow network or poor connection. The interface feels much cleaner than "Browser" and the full-screen toggle is as brilliant as it is unobtrusive. I don't normally get worked up over browsers, but I *am* looking forward to exploring (if you will forgive the pun) this app's other features.
very fast browser. I hv used the desktop version and i like it. You can browse forward and backward in a blink. I use the green browser before and the more complicated it gets the slower my internet is..
(read previous)
Great browser!
I luv this app.!
A browser that's stable on my DROID X2.
Sip
Great browser so cute and fun to use! (:
I have used several web browsers and they either crashed, froze or were really slow.. this web browser is by far the best. 5 stars from me
I love this browser, it keep track of all my favorites on the account! Great for when my phone needs to be fixed! Saves everything!
Good tools and features.
Good tools and features.
Blazing fast on your typical single core HVGA prepaid Android. Best browser on ZTE Avail, Galaxy Ace, and ATT Fusion and other older, slower Android phones. Renders pages properly and tabs don't bring your phone to a halt. If you're on a prepaid or older Android then get this browser
Good :)
Better than android browser.
Lovely
Most amazing browsers..  4 android
dis is my new default browser .......
Best
But seems intuitive and is very fast. Some useful plug-ins as well. Think I'll enjoy using it.
I have tried stock, opera, Firefox, and dolphin browsers and this one is the fastest. It also has enough features to keep me happy.
kuch ni 0/0 hai
kuch ni 0/0 hai
kuch ni 0/0 hai
Wonderful browser
Makes me haaaaaaappy!
I really like it
I really like it
easy to use lots of options
Best browser so far
Excellent browser
Was using dolphin but switched to this.. heaps better and faster.. easier to use.
Good. Only when opening new tab on long pressing link, current tab also goes to site - so 2 tabs show similar page - kinda defeats the purpose.
I tried every browser, but this is the perfect browser for me. Very user friendly. But if i press the home button it opens new tab, thats only my consern.
Extremely fast and easy to use interface. Highly recommended to any phone including low-end smartphones.
So convenient!!
Love it...
Has lots bells and whistles with, simple to use and IMO better than Opera or HD.
Been looking for a browser that has option to download rather than just steeaming . This is the one. It is faster n more intuitive than es explorer dolphins whatever that I tried. This app is a godsend. Hate the Samsung browser too. I raise my hand feet n body parts in support !
Good well featured browser
Use it 1time
Love it! None Compare!
Very fastest browsers
very good
Great
Love the plugins . Better than the native browserror by far.
Tried most popular browsers and find this browser to be most intuitive and easiest to use. Highly suggest !
Tried most popular browsers and find this browser to be most intuitive and easiest to use. Highly suggest !
Whether u all like it or not? But i like it very much.
Awsome
Its slow and unresponsive on galaxy s. Please fix this. Its a better browser.
Downloaded by accident, tried it and wow! I'm impressed! My new default browser.
Zzz
Nice
Works well
Good ....
It's better than opera, uc and dolphin. I like it very much.
since last update gestures are not working
This is really speed I am exicted!
It can play embedded videos on any website, no other browser can do that
Nice one worth of downloading !
good but not bad
The best browser for mobile phones! Recommended to everyone.
I lovee this app! Its fast and very interesting to use. I recommend instead of using the regular web
Loads pages quickly even on old hardware. Handy full screen toggle is perfect for small phones.
Good but need some work
Used dolphin for couple off years, but after ICS update it failed to resize text when zooming in even after making contact about the issue and several updates. So went shopping and found maxthon, fast and well thought out, love it keep up the good work.
Fast and reliable.
Too Good
The fastest browser I've tried on Motorola 4g.
I am using it on my Samsung galaxy S2 LTE. I have no problem to report.
Super fast!
Better than stock and opera mini.. super fast and so is the desktop version.
Thiz browser iz realy the Best... Recomended it to ol ma frnz..
it is better then all
Switched from opera because it did not work very well, this works good. Areas it needs work are: easier tab closing and after log off a site should not be able to backpage and see info.
At last something good
I have messed with many of the web browsers on the market and this one crashes less often than them and is much more reponsive.  While this browser is feature loaded, it remains fast and snappy.  It has replaced my previous browser combo of Dolphin HD and Chrome.
Super
So far the best browser out there.  Better than dolphin, opera, Mozilla and the pre-installed.  Very user friendly and doesn't screw up my phone's OS.
Very speedy and reliable wih lots of cool options
Very, very, cool!
Its a Great browser with flash embedded in it..but speed need to be upgraded
Fast
Dolphin for messing up last update, I ended up getting this and am not looking back. I strongly recommend this.
Smooth.
its n excellenylt browser  but  after new update  force closes.....fiz it.....other wise gr8 browser ツ
nyc browser
رائع
Needs a "Save Link" option!
A like it can wath everything on it
I like it, its good
I like it, its good
Best in class, and by SOME distance. Got all the options I wanted, which lead me to use several browser concurrently. But maxthon has it all.
Great browser,better than opera.
I was a Dolphin Browser user, but their latest upgrade rendered it useless. So, Opera, maybe not, I figured I'd try something new. I'm happy I did, works great, nice user interface, kudos for the end results.
Love this browser.  Gave up stock a long time ago and now...love dolphin but Maxthon wins
I love how fast it is and how equivalent the functions are running from this
What a change.  Someone has been hard at work; this browser is the most reliable of my chosen lot (google, yahoo, bing, firefox, dolphin, opera & opera mini).  It gets me there fast with little fuss.  Quite impressive.  Many thanks to the developers for their willingness to bring this changed project to such a happy and helpful conclusion.  Motorola Electrify.
Excellent browser. Aftet trying so many others I found this one to be most versatile snd useful. Linking favorites with computer, hreat idea.
Buttons are a bit small but great app.
I've tried all kinds of browsers this one is by far the best I can get everything I want.the speed,easy download,I really love this app its way awesome thx to the Creator of this app,I'll rate 10 stars.Adam-Nauru.
I've tried all kinds of browsers this one is by far the best I can get everything I want.the speed,easy download,I really love this app its way awesome thx to the Creator of this app,I'll rate 10 stars.Adam-Nauru.
Maxthon is the best mobile browser.
Fast than any other browser.best browser for browsing.  fun
Really good browser
Standered
This app was help me to download everythink Excelent browser better than dolphin and opera
เร็วสุด สเถียรสุดแล้วครับ
I am satisfied with this browser. The fact that you can open many tabs at once abd the great formating given to facebook. Good job. But I noticed I had to use back space to clear my address bar when I want to type a new address. It would be great to select all the text instead. Apart from this, am ok with the rest
The best application tratala..!
Been using it for yesrs. Happy to see it on Android
Awesome browser now that they fixed it where it doesnt continue to run in the background while your not using it,  which saves tons of battery.  Means the developers read the comments.  Great job guys!  Now best browser out!
Awesome browser
Some functionality are better than opera.. downloading is easy.. Pre fetch option never seen anywhere else..
Very good browser
Very good browser
Haven't had any issues
Outstanding browser!!!
Fast and user friendly.
Good best one..................
Sooo Much Variety. Very Fun.
I don't like not being able to choose folder to save images to.
If not the fastest browser for Android, this one would certainly be a contender!  Excellent work, guys!
If not the fastest browser for Android, this one would certainly be a contender!  Excellent work, guys!
It's great and fast
Love it
Best browser I have used in 2 years of Android and the PC version is good as well!
Best browser I have used in 2 years of Android and the PC version is good as well!
I also use tha browser on my laptop and pc
I fully satisfied this app
ICS Fusion5 tablet. Having such easy access to the address bar and facility to make quick access icons from it is the killer for me - but it's only been installed for a couple of days so I'll see what it's like in general use.
Awesome better than opera
Good for all needs
Superb browser   ......!
Best browser ever! A LOT better than dolphin browser!
Nice
Its awsme... I lyk it
Nice and smooth browser.
Gud very gud
Awesome
Everything you need to browse the web. Havent encountered a missing feature yet. Great work dev.
i use ds as much as i use chrome... that means evrytime :D
Loads very fast and stable so far. Havent been using for long time but so far, i feel it's better than Chrome
Loads very fast and stable so far. Havent been using for long time but so far, i feel it's better than Chrome
Loads very fast and stable so far. Havent been using for long time but so far, i feel it's better than Chrome
Nhanh lm♥
Does everything I want to do and then some.
Nice
Love it...
Super
Best browser on the market!
Much better than the browser that came with the phone!
Much better than the browser that came with the phone!
Much better than the browser that came with the phone!
The best I've found for android
Cool
Love having Google chrome on my phone
Much easier navigation than Dolphin.  Better layout.
Great
This app is the best on Samsung Galaxy Note, I tried Dolphin, Opera, this is the best !
This app is amazing
Tried Dolphin, Boat, Circles, Opera, etc & Maxthon BLOWS away all the web browsers I've tried BY FAR. So happy I found this. Customizable, simple, fast...PERFECT.
Faster, better, awesome!
Nice app
Like the Maxthon browser bookmark unification for the PC, mobile and Playbook tablet. Importing bookmark from Chrome is transparent and look alike. Be
Having issues when using it with my tablet
Love the gestures!
Love the gestures!
So far I love it. It's the only browser that I use on my epic 4g now.
Like others comment it is the fastest browser
prettty well
It's a fast and zippy browser. Great for lower to midrange phones where something like chrome would simply hang.
I really like this browser but it keeps on stopping right in the middle of my stuff. Anyone have any suggestions ?I don't want to switch!!
Best
Wonderful browser for my galaxy y. I use many browser but this is very speedy and very good.
Pls keep updating for the best and hear our rates and comments....
Pls keep updating for the best and hear our rates and comments....
Looks great.  Searches extremely fast.
Fast...fast..fastt..best app and did i say fast
Welcome to Speed Browser
Welcome to Speed Browser
It's work wonder.nice apps.
superb
superb
Since 1 week I am using this. The best browser .Highly recommended  Dileep
my eyes have been opened to a much better Android internet experience than the default browser
my eyes have been opened to a much better Android internet experience than the default browser
It feels like just browsing over my computer!
Very good app
Quite nice...4 stars for this app...
Cool browser !
Cool browser !
The best android browser yet. It is fun to have
Amazing
Mind it
This is awesome i give it fI've stars
Like it
Like it
I've always used dolphin mini because it's fast and stable. This browser is just as good, if not better. Easy to customize too.
Thank you. I love using the maxthon
gud nyc
Love the speed of the browser, no problems to speak of as of yet.
By far the fastest !! and a smooth navigation!
Awesome app.
Exillent
I love it.
very nice browser
Reliable and fast on my Galaxy S3. I like both this an Dolphin.
Best browser with exit button
Seems like a great browser.
Back button broken and its to hard to close a single tab. At least put an option to close a tab in when the menu button is pressed.
Marvelous
in one word....best....better than others
looking good.. needs more time to rate 5
Very good browser. One thing you should try to fix of, the opening of a new tab, just to get to the second portion of the same page
Period!
Good
Perfect browser has all d requirements a gud browser must ve....
Nice apps for androids. Smtimes works slow so i will give 4
Slow
Slow
Very easy to use
Super fast uc is wast
Super fast uc is wast
I have tried absolutely every single mobile browser that is there. It has every single option you could possibly need, it is fast, and it is extremely reliable. And best of all, it syncs completely with the browser on my computer.
Good app
Killer search!
its cool
Everything you need in a browser and its fast
Gj
One of the greatest app I have been use (^^,)
Love to surf intetrnet in my cellphonea
I like.......
I like.......
I like.......
One of the beSt browser ever
Great app
I love it better than any browser i ever used,very senetive
I love it better than any browser i ever used,very senetive
I love it better than any browser i ever used,very senetive
Very fast, guys no need for so many comments, download it and know it it yourself.
really very fast plz download
Theme creating makes this even better.Downloading is also good.
Good job guys.. simple and faster than oper-.. i used oper- but yesterday i open that say installing , unavailable connet to bla bla bla...
Simple n faster than o**ra
Nice one. Keep it up guys.
Works great, smaller than Opera and no FCs so far.
It's unreal how fast and amazing this browser is.  Im on android 2.3 so I don't have access to chrome app but I imagine this is equal or better.  Great job devs.
It's very good brouser. I like it.
Fast !!
Same with the PC one...great stuff
The account syncing feature for bookmarks is great too!
Better than most of the other browsers
Thanks for creating such a great browser.
best Brower ive used on my phone by far.
Currently the best browser for Android-powered phones. Unlike the other browsers, this open web pages as they were meant to be viewed.
Love it. I will never switch to anything else
Love it. I will never switch to anything else
Great scolling for android tablet..it works!!!! It does not the scroll full screen.
Awesome
Super fast perfect performance on S3. Get it now.
It helps me to play web videos;something dolphin cant do.
Best thing iv ever foud easy to use and fast to :D u should get it ill make ur phone agillion times better :P
Excellent for Android
Faster than Firefox and more features than stock.
احسن متصفح
احسن متصفح
احسن متصفح
Better than stock one
Better than stock one
This is great app even on android!!!
This is great app even on android!!!
Excellent Nice to have,,, Very very Interesting
I always use Maxthon even in my laptop I used to use Google Chrome which was cool until I realized it cannot open Gmail after a while so I switched back to Maxthon the coolest.  If you guys add F10 option in PC version into mobile version to open double pages in one it would be coolerest.
This a browser for me. Uncluttered. Sensible interface and fast.
It s download each  every  think i want
Great App and fast
It is much better than HDdolphin and Opera browers. Live it!
It is much better than HDdolphin and Opera browers. Live it!
Love this app but struggle to save images
Best browser on the market
Its nice but I can't download a single photo from it! Anyone willing to help me out? Anyway its a great browser! 5star
Veldig fornoyd
So far a great browser! DROIDX
Great browser
Better than dolphin
easy to use ns simple
If you read a lot by browser, it should be the one. I wanna say this is my first rate and review. I realy like it. Thanks to developers.
I like
Awesome
nice browser ...very fast....
It's quick. Has a Home Button. Customizable themes. What more can I say.
Nice
Love it
Am telling dat dis de best brwser that i ever hve..it luks mre  buetful dan de other brwsr..and also has a exellent speed for both browsing nd downloading...only hving a problem for me while downloading a long file sometime its stops..i hope dat dis browser solve dis problem soon...
Best mobile browser yet
Coolest browser ever. Wrk gr8
Excellent.
Excellent.
I m loving dis browser
Awesome browser. Comprehensive and fast.
Just like google chrome.
if you like google chrome, as you should, then youll love this one
I love this app.  It's fast easy.
I was a die-hard Opera fan until recently; but once I tried this, I was hooked. Amazing interface, cool features, and great potential. Good work.
Keren
Good browser and good themes...love it
Need I say more  ;-)
This browser is absolutly great. Great interface, easy to use and fullscreen browsing. Webpages look great. Runnerup for me is Opera wich was my previous no. 1
This browser is absolutly great. Great interface, easy to use and fullscreen browsing. Webpages look great. Runnerup for me is Opera wich was my previous no. 1
very fast with loading; although some incompatibility with some websites.
Love it
Great application, fast and  easy to use and no problems. Good job ;-)
This app ruins gest on my android evo, it is really fast when you browse, wether out be on wifi our through the network.
Fghjh
I tried all and maxthon is user friendly. Easy to navigate and you don't have to be a tech genious. Thanks for all the hard work put into this.
I tried all and maxthon is user friendly. Easy to navigate and you don't have to be a tech genious. Thanks for all the hard work put into this.
Know it!
Works great
Best n fastest mobile (and desktop) Web browser... It is my default Web browser on both..
Really its wonderfull working better than all I tried every thing
Really its wonderfull working better than all I tried every thing
Wow
Very. Nine. Application
Love that I can add themes!
I fu++ wit it
Great ever
Deserves 5 *****
Hffgcxggvffyh app
grreat love it super fasttt
Crashed only once in 3 days of use, I do expect it to get better. Downloaded because I missed browser reflow text capabilities in the Galaxy S3 and this solved it for me. Without this SW I would have been extremely disappointed with my S3.
It's Great!!!
Fast. Really fast.
100% must have. Seems easier to use and more flexible than other browsers in market.
Fast. Passes the acid3 test o_0. Has a lot of features that many other browsers are missing, like the Desktop mode.
Great
Fast browser
Browser is really fast of all. Amazing rendering of web pages. Light on resources, big on features. Only browser recommended for android any version.   Thanks developer.  Keep up the good work.
Allows you to sync favorites to the cloud. Best browser ever!
Great web browser!
So fast on my android 2‘3 I use it sometimes as desktop it is so beautiful that advertised .
I love this app
On my Samsung GS2
On my Samsung GS2
User friendly, fast. No complaints.  Just downloaded a few days ago but am very pleased with this browser.
Gud app
Best browser on galaxy  mini
Currently have 4 browsers on my Galaxy tab P6800. This browser is superior to the other three in just about every aspect.  Loads pages much faster than the other three.  Now my favorite browser.
Fast and easy to use.
Superb
Really a very good browser with alot of good funtions. Only problem I couldn't login to passport. Is better than most. !
Works well on arnova 9 g2, quite speedy access of web pages and has a nice clean layout. Overall a good product to use.
Best one!
Amazing! Fast browser! Worth the download!
Super good
Works really well, very usable
Keys
Forget Dolphin and all the other browsers - - Maxton is the best.. No more crashes, no more failing to open links, just sweet sweet awesomeness
I love love love the new theme creator! Thanks for constantly making the best browser even better.
I was really getting sick of the slow, bloated performance I was getting from Skyfire, so I went in search of a faster, lighter-weight browser. So far, Maxthon has exceeded my expectations! I'm still getting use to it, but it's intuitive and working out great!
Its awesome. Just try it by yourself only thing i have to say^^
Great browser.super speed.
I like it
Super
Even though crashed two times on my Galaxy Y in my one week using experirnce.. The browser worked very smoothly all the time. The gesture features are too good. This browser is better than Opera mini, wen or even Dolphin
Even though crashed two times on my Galaxy Y in my one week using experirnce.. The browser worked very smoothly all the time. The gesture features are too good. This browser is better than Opera mini, wen or even Dolphin
Ultimate browser.
Good it deserves, 5 pointers
Love it
Love it
I have used the stock android browser, Dolphin,and Opera. Maxthon wins, hands down. Not only is it feature-rich, with a plethora of options easily toggled under the utilities panel of the menu, but it has very functional full-screen mode, and useful gestures. Theming is a nice bonus. All-around a very thoughtfully designed browser.
I have used the stock android browser, Dolphin,and Opera. Maxthon wins, hands down. Not only is it feature-rich, with a plethora of options easily toggled under the utilities panel of the menu, but it has very functional full-screen mode, and useful gestures. Theming is a nice bonus. All-around a very thoughtfully designed browser.
Very fast. Better than the rest. Keep it up.
Fast & responsive.highly recommend to every users.
Works great on my LG Optimus V. Speedy interface and I like the functionality of it. This is my second device to use it.
Definitely deserves five stars... And to say I've tried 3 different browsers but this on top them all... It runs faster and smoother than I though.... But in overall it's incredibly amazing, I recommend this app.. I love the app and keep the good work...
Best browser
Best browser
Repetidly crashes and pace is like a worn donkey!
Nice ever. But these day has some frezzezzz
It runs very well. With this browser I can see pages that other browsers can't open.
Sip
Great App!!!
Great !
The BEST Browser so far after 2 days of a TEST run,forget the rest use the BEST #1 out there.
Wonderful app
Excellent app fast and easy to use
And small!
No complaints so far, seems to be one of, if not the best browsers
No complaints so far, seems to be one of, if not the best browsers
Very easy to use and powerfull.
Very easy to use and powerfull.
Cool!
Forshizel
Very nice browser for my samsung galaxy tablet.
Just one little snag with the keyboard and highlighting text. Otherwise awesome. Kept moving the cursor up in my comment text on a blog post..had tocopy my comment and open opera because i could not get the cursor to go to the end of the comment!
Nice and fast! I hav no problems so far =]
love it
Best one I have tried so far.
Lightest and the fastest. Just let saving a page different from a download.
Lightest and the fastest. Just let saving a page different from a download.
Lightest and the fastest. Just let saving a page different from a download.
Fast, easy to navigate, just plain and simple NICE. THANK YOU GUYS!!
Fast, easy to navigate, just plain and simple NICE. THANK YOU GUYS!!
Fast, easy to navigate, just plain and simple NICE. THANK YOU GUYS!!
Huwaw..works as a lubricant to my cellphone. Much better than any other promises. Opera mini just a channel for free things,thats cool,but it slow,n not ever twice faster than normal browser. So go for this one..easy downloading,gorgeous. Works so good for my xperia mini pro n xpria active.
Does what it says on the tin... Nice one
Definately better than opera... However there is some issue in closing a tab although there is an option to close other tabs.. But the selected tab is almost impossible to close in mid sized phone
Nice
Great app, covenient & reliable
Its great..I like it coz its work to fast..
Deserve number one
Its awesome
Works great on Galaxy S Blaze - Gingerbread
you can do anything w ,-this browser,great timing w_all the people using just a few.I've read your stuff for years and appreciate the complexity and hope for more in the future of internet, again tenstars n thanks,
Fast Stable browser with user friendly features
Fast Stable browser with user friendly features
Allways will be the best  Great
Wow
VERY GOOD
Love fact u can turn off pics on web pages. Saves bandwith
It's very easy  and useful to use
Good machine. It is best I have on my android device for now . It is fast , has attractive and usefull interface. So long Opera and etc.
What else can I say?
Best browser I've found yet for my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  VERY fast, very customizable, and very worth a chance.
And fastest
And fastest
It is the best one browser gor android mobile gt 5570..i used yet...thank u so muchhhhh for this friend...i love it... Best of luck for ur new softwares m waitinggg
nice
Yeah.
Goood
Goood
Even faster n bttr den dolphin n wid gr8 dwnld speed..luv it <3
I don't seem to run into my usual problems that occurred during my browsing sessions with the other browsers. This is certainly the most smoothest browser for my phone model. Also got it on pc recently. And just as good.
Excellent browser for android phone
Fast!
wow,  crazy fast browser.  love it.
Good
Very user friendly with useful and well designed features.
Best Android web browser. Better and Fast.
Best Android web browser. Better and Fast.
Best Android web browser. Better and Fast.
Best browser, event though better than dolphin browser, hand off
I luv it.faster and reliable.
I luv it.faster and reliable.
An app. That speaks for it's self
Great for my Acer a500
Just amazing!
tried them all.  Maxthon is more stable, faster, and formats better than stock, opera, dolphin, fire. - moto photon
tried them all.  Maxthon is more stable, faster, and formats better than stock, opera, dolphin, fire. - moto photon
Pls change the downloading look make it like opera or boat plsss
Work perfectly!!!!
Super browser ...
Excellent browser......
This browser is very smooth, handy and easy to use!! You can add numerous of bookmarks, like icons, on its home page. This makes it very easy to navigate!
I like it
Very fast.....superb......
Amazing!
Seriously the best Android browser I've ever used. Super fast when other browsers wouldn't load, has flash support, desktop client, bookmarks import, and so much more! Love it! :-)
Great
...nuff sed...!
Good all.....
Definitely beats all other Android browsers in speed, but run into little bugs on the data entry parts, overall still best. Thank you Max.
Started to use this browser as Federer was winning number 7. Very fast and accurate rendering of pages. Compatible with my proprietary work web site(s). I've set this browser as my default. Enjoy!
The best internet for mobile by far.
The best internet for mobile by far.
The best internet for mobile by far.
Excellent
Excellent
Its very laggy on my phone....
Really fast and smooth. Tabs  r good, downloading is easy n fast
Keep up the good work..
Its amazing! 1000 times faster n better than opera mini...! Browsing becomes so much more fun with this app... Love it! A must have for all
Its really good
Nice..much better than opera
Nice..much better than opera
Best browser!!!!  Loving it!!!
Best browser!!!!  Loving it!!!
Great browser. Works great in my HTC Incredible2
This little package has lots of cool features. It got installed smoothly and did not cause any crashes.   The colors are appealing to see.
Extremely fast. Easy to erase history. Themes, oh my. The best for my RAZR. Work better than dolphin hd. Since ics update to 4.0.
Extremely fast. Easy to erase history. Themes, oh my. The best for my RAZR. Work better than dolphin hd. Since ics update to 4.0.
I'm actually surprised this browser isn't from one of the big browser companies. It's fast, well-thought out and feature packed. It's exactly the browser I need and far better than competing offerings: the stock Android browser, Firefox, Opera, and even Dolphin HD. It has become my go-to browser. Very well done, developers!
This is the best browser. This browser is 2x faster than my default browser.
This is the best browser. This browser is 2x faster than my default browser.
Fast but kind of clunky. Overall a nice browser.
Got the new EVO LTE and instantly went to download this browser. Tabs, the screen gestures, customize how you want, and more. Can never go back to stock browser
One of the best browsers. Needs a button for favorites.
I apps is good.........
It has good speeds but just feeling awkward since I'm getting used to it
It has good speeds but just feeling awkward since I'm getting used to it
Perfect
Great app
Great app
f
Great app.
Best browser so far
This is better than the browser that my phone originally came with!
Owseme
Mine want to©
Great app
The fastest browser so far. l had to uninstall the disgusting previous ones.
One of the best browser with really nice ui
I don't have the worlds greatest android ... and all the other android browsers agree with except this one with its beautiful UI I am able to use this flawlessly with ease
It's a must get!
Unbelievable
It will b a 5 star app bt  quite slow in my galaxy ace... no option for copy paste.. themes r also nt working.. please fixed it...
It is lije chrome......n.....also works like chrome.....amazng
It is lije chrome......n.....also works like chrome.....amazng
i think its better than dolphin & opera
Better than chrome n firefox
Very good
This is by far the best browser on an android device
Really very fast and yet loads websites as beautifully as other high memory consuming browesers like opera
ex.
Very fast web browser
It works the best I never have any problems with this it fast its perfect!!!! It fits my needs!!! Thank you guys!!!!
I think it's perfect browser.  Smoothly scrolling,  good navigation,  and my lovely features-Fetch:-)
I think it's perfect browser.  Smoothly scrolling,  good navigation,  and my lovely features-Fetch:-)
This browser is great lots of options, the best!
This browser is great lots of options, the best!
Like it! Using a my daily for a few months now, thanks!
thanks developer!
Lots of options and easy to use.
Wah wah
Very excellant browser
I've had experience with a number of browsers over the last few years.  First was Skyfire, then I moved on to Dolphin and then Opera Mini.  I thought I would be content with Opera Mini, it was fast, but had no flash and some webpage field inputs would not render correctly, making it impossible to login to some sites or place an order online.  Then I tried Maxthon and haven't turned back since.  Small footprint of 2MB, has flash, fast as Opera Mini, Facebook works flawlessly.  Renders all webpages correctly.
Works perfectly on samsung galaxy tab 8.9.
Simple and powerful with flash support
a very never browser ever.
Awesome browser.
Very user friendly..thanks!
Very user friendly..thanks!
Yeah!!
good folder bookmark, sync. fast open,browse. complete exit,no process left
Lebih mantap dan cepat koneksinya buat online dibandingkan ope*a m*n*..
Just switch from dolphin, and I found a responsive and less resource hog browser.   It is customizable and fast.
Very nice job guys and gals.  The rest will have one to shoot for or get out of the game!
I like it
It's noticeable from the very beginning that this browser should, and probably will, go on to be recognized as the best.
I gotta admit, I didn't think Anything was better than opera but this browser is awesome!!
I have been using maxthon for years on my pc and definitely glad I can use it on my android phone. Works great and fast!
Much easier and faster than the stock browser.
Cool broWser...might be the best browser I had ever operated...it is very familiar with its user..
Very smooth operation, better than default ICS browser behavior until I tried Facebook. For some reason pages auto-refresh every 5 seconds or so making them unreadable or un-navigable.
Fast
Fast
Fast
Fast
It is very useful especsally for facebook
superb
Impressively fast browser, Beats Opera hands down
Made me switch from dolphin browser.
One of the best I've ever seen
Out performs any other browser!
V.goooood
Like
ok
ok
No respance
Excellent on PC. Even better on android
Excellent on PC. Even better on android
Good
Best internet browser out there. Superfast and much better than Dolphin! Did I mention it's fast? Thank you Maxthon, you guys did an awesome job!
Best internet browser out there. Superfast and much better than Dolphin! Did I mention it's fast? Thank you Maxthon, you guys did an awesome job!
Love it!
Works perfectly on my Razr.
Works perfectly on my Razr.
Surprise, surprise, surprise MAXON is faster than Opera!  Love it.
Surprise, surprise, surprise MAXON is faster than Opera!  Love it.
Awesome.
Best android browser!! Works flawlessly for me and runs smoother than Opera or Dolphin
I like it
Great browser!
So far its great on my EVO 4G,although better than Skyfire,Dolphin(good app),& FireFox so far.
Super browser I never been met. Try it and you will love it.
It will be wonderful if it has PDF page saving facility.  But still it is awesome browser.
It will be wonderful if it has PDF page saving facility.  But still it is awesome browser.
It will be wonderful if it has PDF page saving facility.  But still it is awesome browser.
Though I have not been using  it long, I already appreciate the speed.
Best browser I ever use
Best browser I ever use
Everything I need. Nothing. I don't Nuff said
Very professional and easy to use! I also love that i can choose a theme. I would recommend it to anyone!
it's pretty fast....
Very nice app
could be better , start's fast though , i will let a couple more days be the judge to it.
Nice app...i like it...
Best Android browser I've used so far. Simple, fast, easy. All that I need.
derp good derp
rocket fast keep updating it
Upss upss best Browser
Thanks for this app
Awesome stability and speed.
Quick browser.
Better than apples safari
Very good
Very nice
Love it.......<3<3<3<3<3
Many features, hard to figure out how to use them - thankfully found within these comments how to force full web pages instead of mobile version under "Other setting UA" to Desktop.  Great App - wish there was better Help or on-line videos on how to make it work for you though.
Many features, hard to figure out how to use them - thankfully found within these comments how to force full web pages instead of mobile version under "Other setting UA" to Desktop.  Great App - wish there was better Help or on-line videos on how to make it work for you though.
1st time i download it work fast but now it slow..
Love it
I like it
Very nice
Keep use
I really like this browser, and it is much faster than the stock browser.
One best feature is video streaming is best
One best feature is video streaming is best
The browser now crashes quite often.. used to be a lot more stable! :(
Love it
Good
awesome
The browser is wonderful..the facebook and all are working as if on pc.i am happy with this app.everyone should try this app......
A perfect companion to the maxthon pc browser..extends many pc browser services to the mobile including syncing of favorites/bookmarks.
Good
Excelent browser! With no adds makes it the best browser in its class!great
Simply good and fast!
Simply good and fast!
Superbe .  Aimple 2 use. I m loving it.
Excellent.. Thats all
Bugatti veyron of browsers.....
I have tried a few browsers on my droid and then i found maxthon, which said that it could do everything i wanted from a browser, i was sceptical at first but now i would not use anything else.
Works great on EVO
Biled bu nedi ala
Never seen this type of application...AWESOME
Very good browser
Fadu app....
It's nice to use
This is champion by now
This is champion by now
Imma fan <three
One of the more smoother browsers out there.
Awesome app!!! I use it all the time to do everything on the web. Amazing features.
Way better than built in browser!
It works with my phone. Well makes it look a little cooler. Lol
Great Browser. Have tried opera and Dolphin but keep using Maxthon instead.
It'z a nice software and am enjoying it...
Excillent
Very good
Bhosidika
Like google chrome in my phone.
One of the best apps available it works perfectly
Nice app, works perfect.
Does all and more, will improve with time.  Samsung tab 2
Does all and more, will improve with time.  Samsung tab 2
The best! :)
The best! :)
Use the browser on my laptop and works great on my phone.
Awesome!!! I enjoy it too much. Good work,keep it up.
Great so far
Great alternative to the default browser on my phone. Love it great job developers.
Like computer internet
Best browser out ther
Love this browser, full featured bookmark sync.
An excellent browser i have used .this is the best browser compared to opera,boat or some other
Of course I don't know if Maxton is the best one but I'm really happy using it everyday.
Needs improvement.
Olrayt
I really like this better than mobile Firefox and Opera. Highly recommend trying this browser to experience the intuitive usability. The more you use it, the more you realize how much the features makes sense and feel natural. Everything from page switching to zooming to thumbing the page is a bit different and simpler than the other browsers.
Seems pretty cool so far!
Does what it should and better than most
Don't like the tabs on top. Wish it had option for panels like boat browser. But it's way fast.
Works well
This is one of the coolest browsers out there. I love the different addons though i'm not too fond of the selection of themes. I like the gestures and the day and night modes too. Wish they would create a pull to refresh feature in full screen mode.
This is one of the coolest browsers out there. I love the different addons though i'm not too fond of the selection of themes. I like the gestures and the day and night modes too. Wish they would create a pull to refresh feature in full screen mode.
This is one of the coolest browsers out there. I love the different addons though i'm not too fond of the selection of themes. I like the gestures and the day and night modes too. Wish they would create a pull to refresh feature in full screen mode.
Love it!
I love it! thank you for ur hard work.
Its really awsome
Loveable and convineant
Good
Good
nice
A+
I Love It (;
Only used this for a short time but love it so the zoom function is amazing for reading txt from sites would highly recommend
Great fawking app I love it. Makes me horny...
I am really happy with how fast it and super small file. Its worth the download
The best browser hands down
A
A
Excellent text flow and clean interface.Super fast response.Ravi
What a great feature rich browser. Thanks maxthon
Awesome browser
Bagus Sedap
Works SO fluidly. Gives u the control u always thought u should have for yer browsing experience-and then some. Not a battery hog. Top 10 apps of the year? I'd say so.
Can't stop Google going dim to save battery on Galaxy s3 so I use this browser and its brilliant.
One of the best by far.
One of the best by far.
This app has really improve my internet browsing
Gr8....... Lots of changes.. Good then opera mini ..most dwnlod
This is the best browser I have tested for my Razr Maxx!
:-)
Looks good. Love the tabs and the overall customisation. Great browser. Much better than googles although haven't tried chrome yet.
I like the desktop version so i downloaded this one. So far i like it.
You are awesome
Galaxy tab 10.1 I've tried dolphin, opera, Firefox, boat and others. Maxthon is best by far. It is fast, convenient, and smooth.
Fast and feature-packed.
Excellent
it's fast and amazing.
this is the best browser for android better then dolphin!!!
Ur browser for sure
Maxathon is on all my Devices. A +
Much better than opera..<3<3
Awsome  :)
A browser with an "Exit" option that works!
when i search for "best andriod browsers", I always get the same results (firefox, chrome, dolphin hd... etc). why isn't this browser listed as (at least) one of the best browser for andriod? because it certainly is!
Its way better than firefox.
Juz love the browser safe fast easy downloads dun need anything else :)
Runs smooth on Orange San Diego/Intel, Startup time takes less than a second, and the overall experience is very smooth.
Gud
Gud
After using 4 5 minutes I know its as good ,if not better than opera in performance and it does it by taking 2.5 mb space vs 14 mb by opera mobile,it also runs flash very well on my htc explorer....
Cool app to use...I use it often
Very user Friendly and Fast
Aweome app fast!!!!!!!!
Its not even close.
Simple n easy to use...
Wonderful
Well rounded, fast..... just enough for power users and not too gadgety for the average user.
Best browser i've ever used
epic love it
works great.. suits my needs has everything i look for in a android browser
Smooth & easy
the best browser!!!
After using dolphin for a long time I instantly replaced it with this one. Easy and fast with all options and tools I need quick to access.
Its downloding very fast & easy to use
Its lightening fast
Its lightening fast
Awesome...download it.and you' ll enjoy
Best of the best
I like it, very comfortable and i like max pc also, it helps me. Thanks.
Fantastic browser.  BEST out there.  FAST and precise. No I'm not the owner or related to them.
cool brawser
Wonderful speed
So far it all looks great, I'm still on gingerbread so Firefox & Chrome are no-go for me, but Maxthon seems to be fast and stable.
excellent
Fast, with great features!
This browser is much better than all others I've used before.
Love the app!!
It is working very nicly than anyone.. Its beter to download
It is working very nicly than anyone.. Its beter to download
The best one I used so far
It crashes evry time when i upload any pic on fb.. please fix it
That's nice I loved
Very good browser
Very good browser
Nice browser..really 2 fast as they told..it is my prime browser now on my evo 3D..thanks dev you're awsome
Liked it on pc years ago and like it on my galaxy s now. Tried it for a week and deleted all of my other browsers!
just wow!
Download now n find out for yourself..
Download now n find out for yourself..
Download now n find out for yourself..
Simple and efficient. Perfect.
Simple and efficient. Perfect.
Task nice
Task nice
Great browser - best & fastest i've used to date - much better than other browsers on android format. Would highly recommend. A+++
I like it!!!!
I love how easy it is to use. And lets u go back and forth
Best browser ever!
Gud
Great
awesome browser , want to thank the developers for getting this beautiful fast browser.
Awesome speed
Everything I was looking for in a mobile browser.
Everything I was looking for in a mobile browser.
Everything I was looking for in a mobile browser.
Awsm
I have been using other browsers, but this beats them all. It is fast, just try it and see, you have nothing to lose.
Does what it's supposed to do and it's fast at it.  What else could I want?
Good.. Could be better
I am a MAX fan...with tabs, gesture, add ons, managers, cloud...and its free! Best Browser...hands down!
As good as Chrome!!
Fast n has a good interface.
Fast n has a good interface.
i love it...
This browser is amazing! Super smooth super fast!
A grade
You want a winner, drop that chicken dinner. You need a hero drop that zero. Maxathon.... Not corny at all! Lol
Very nice
works just as great as Chrome on my pc
Best
Best
second only to the old xscope. I'd love to see the option to set page-specific options, like viewing certain sites as desktop but others as android
Feels awesome . Supports Flash while the default browser on my tablet doesn't run any flash videos(it seems to load but doesn't play). Good to have it. But hey, what's it with 'Every new page on the new tab' thing? There should at least be an option to customize it.
Best browser better than uc browser
It is very nice and helpful.
i use maxthon on both android and windows and it works really good....
Nice browser....
The best of all... :-)
Fast, clean, efficient. Is now my go-to browser of choice over all others!
Better than stock browser
Better than stock browser
Nice and fast. I like it
It let's me download shows from radioio.. And can make it work like your computer browser.. A must have
Nice
Download on HP pad and what an improvement :-)
Love it
I love it!
AWESOME APP !
Undoubtedly faster and more reliable than any other android browser! A++++!
Awesome... Works great in both 3g and 2g networks.   Pretty stable too.
One of the best browsers so far!
Luv it
It working very well
This is a great alternative Thanks!
This is a great alternative Thanks!
Fantastic
At first this browser seemed to beat the competition, but after using it a couple months I can't stand it. Start up takes way too long, the browser never closes old tabs so you can have 50 tabs open which causes everything else to be purged from memory including my launcher. Going back to Opera for a cleaner and better overall experience
Is fast,is smooth,looks cool and simple and flash support is the BEST. I have a armv6 phone and flash content is loaded fast and run smooth (on other browsers is loaded very slow and is very laggy)  PC or MOBILE MAXTHON IS ALWAYS THE BEST !!!
After trying many browsers,I chanced upon this browser..excellent performance,thumbs up:-)
After trying many browsers,I chanced upon this browser..excellent performance,thumbs up:-)
This is really awesome The best one than any others...
This is really awesome The best one than any others...
I have used several browsers, but this one is the best all. Congratulation guys.
really a good browser
Very very good...much better thaan dolphin
Great browser fast and intuitive. Recommend to anyone who like good stuff for web on mobile
Love it best browser ever.
Nice app really missed this one for a long time
Well done
Very very perfect
It is awesome. Tab management is excellent. Well done.
I had issues watching videos on 3g. Many freezes and now that I have this app watching long videos is a breeze on my sgs2.
Best Browser ever. Mobile and pc as well as far as I am concerned !  Love it.
Excellent,this is what I wanted.It does what it says.Just dwnload it and feel the magic.
Facebook is slow but otherwise it is very good..i have used many browser like opera mini, uc browser,rockmelt,bolt,dolphin but really this one is the best...just keep on the good work and please look after facebook for quick access on my HTC EXPLORER..thank you.
Great browser
Very fast and user friendly
The only browser I use!
The only browser I use!
I like it easy to use.
I like it easy to use.
I like it easy to use.
Much quicker for general searching.
The best girl
The best girl
The best girl
Tried few browsers and so far this is by far the best browser.
Awe--- ssssome--- app  No problems on my LG Viper
Love it..
Very fast browser
Good and very convenient browser.
IT'S AWESOME........
awesome
Really excellent browser. Like the wrap text feature that doesn't seem to be available on some other browsers
Really excellent browser. Like the wrap text feature that doesn't seem to be available on some other browsers
Works great
Just what I need for easy tab navigation!
Just what I need for easy tab navigation!
Fast and reliable. Good replacement for the currently dreadful Dolphin Browser.
Thanks for sharing this.
Plenty
This is easily one of the best browsers.
Great
Besides boat browser,  best one out there
Nice browser  This browser is much better than the opera,uc browser
Nice browser  This browser is much better than the opera,uc browser
Best browset..that support all think..like Shock wav player also..u run very thing on this browser.. I  bless this broswer to u use every one..
Awesome one
this the newest way to browsing....this izz thee gr8 app.....
Great browser and seems very fast.
Great browser and seems very fast.
Whenever I opened the app it'd send me to an old page randomly, it also was draining my battery pretty badly..
good.....
Very good app
Quick and steady.
I have compared with many other browsers  speed  Maxthon is superior ! Thnx for task killer add on .
Nice
Slow
superb in galaxy pop
Love it
Its work........
Its work........
This is a great browser. Comparable to Ninesky and Boat browsers. Just needs full suggestive search like Boat does. Otherwise, great.
This is a great browser. Comparable to Ninesky and Boat browsers. Just needs full suggestive search like Boat does. Otherwise, great.
This app very speed  Useful my phone
Great browser for my S3!
Just what I was looking for.
It's worth the dowload, try nd judge for yourself.
Nice
Best browser ever!
The supper browser
Best performer with inbuilt download manager...nice.
its a good
Good
Thanks for adding this on store. It is very usefull.
it is faster than Opera, Firefox ....
Love it
LIKΣ
..this application is developed keeping the end user in mind. Love it!  Key features being the excellent cross platform parity with my settings, the way it renders, and the overall layout.
superb..
It's the best mobile browser for me.simply fast and smooth.
It's the best mobile browser for me.simply fast and smooth.
Good job guyz...
Best browser ever!
Best browser ever!
Awesome app  better than dolphin opera and uc
Awesome browser Like just a pc recommended
i love how fast and cute it is!
Blazin' fast even when the network strength is weak. . .
It always goes to the mobile sites when using and to many steps involved to get to main sites sometimes. Will stick with dolphin
very fast an good
I love it.
Amazing. Everything I ever wanted in a browser. Couldn't ask for a better one.
Good job with the layout.
I like it alot! Its a web browser that's less than 3mb.. 3! Great job
Swag....definitely! Try the web snapshot add on!!!! It's dope!
Just get it.. No regrets so easy to use, and cool ad- ons too very useful. Wish they can make adblocker ad-ons that's another 5 star for sure! ;-)
I like it being simple to use yet powerful and stable.
love to use mxthon on my new galaxy s 6102 ,its fast nd simple to use.awesome thn others:-P
Good browser but it crashes too much since the update.
Nice and smooth
Simple yet powerful. It sometimes closes on complex web pages.
Many thanks to Devs for thoughtful layout, minimal resource usage, rapid page transition (even with pics). I haven't had a single crash or hang - app stays "up" 4 me. Best browser available for DX running (US) MIUI :-)
Great browser
Love It
Loving it
suppose to have long time ago.
Working very smoothly on my galaxy s III.Thanks..keep up the good work :-)
It's faster than opera. Plays videos right away.
awsome browser......really better than other browsers.i prefer everybody to use this browser.....
My fav...browser
By far the best browser around, I've tried most of them, then stumbled upon this gem.
The fastest browser I've seen for the Droid.
Friends check this.needs some improvements in appearance, but it works awesome.
Friends check this.needs some improvements in appearance, but it works awesome.
Great browser HTC EVO shift
Great browser HTC EVO shift
Displays fullscreen with a good interface access at top of screen
Displays fullscreen with a good interface access at top of screen
the BEST.
Like an old Chevy
Awesomeg speed!
better than other browsers..
I love this browser. Its the only browser that behaves the same as the desktop version on a mobile. Takes full advantage of gestures, you can install add-ons, skins, etc. Truly the best there is
Fantastic features, super fast, simple layout with best features ... Using it for android and on my laptop too
Light and fast.simply the best.
This is a pretty good app! All you do is Push the tab your on and select screenshot! But,it could be a little better i tried to screenshot something one day but it would she the pictures plain black! So i will uninstall and install again and see if that works!(:
Muy buena app
This is grt 2 use works fine we can pause downloads. Grt bst ever
This is grt 2 use works fine we can pause downloads. Grt bst ever
This is grt 2 use works fine we can pause downloads. Grt bst ever
fantastic app exactly what i expected
fantastic app exactly what i expected
Good
Really love this app
Really love this app
Best browser of all that i tried , fast and slick .
Very serious web browser here
Great web browser fast easy to use and simple.
Hurdy-gurdy goodness
I just love it.....
Supab...
Very fast
Decent, fast, easy... Newest update broke it, please fix - fixed
Good
Excellent speed better display
I give 1000 mark
Great browser, very customisable and user friendly
Thanks for the update.  Maxthon is my favorite web browser on all of my Android phones and tablets. I really like this new Dragon Boat Festival Theme that came out. Tried it out on my Galaxy Player 5.0 and it looks good.
Thanks for the update.  Maxthon is my favorite web browser on all of my Android phones and tablets. I really like this new Dragon Boat Festival Theme that came out. Tried it out on my Galaxy Player 5.0 and it looks good.
After going through a few browser's this is the best one for older Droid phones.
Set hai angaar
Bad update awful update  After the last update I cannot browse furoms convineity. I will uninstall it and return to use dolphin Browser if not fix
nice.But hope to see it can improve more:)
fast and fluid, still needs to be improved.
Like the full screen mode
Great!
Great!
That's the best browser EVER.
A very simple n fast browser. Just what a mobile device needs :-)
It performs as advertised.
Best browser for android, and I've pretty much tried them all
I think everybody can install it.
I think everybody can install it.
I've tried about all the web brou out there and this one rocks.
Nice application. Very useful.
nice
Quick and lightweight. As good, if not better than the better known browsers. Easy operation and regular improvements by developer.
This is a pretty nice thing to have.
Da best
Been using it for 2 mins n it already has me hooked! With this I may not need dolphin, opera, or Firefox... but some more use time will tell. Loads pages lightning fast and an important point to make, plays flash videos embedded in web pages, nice! Try it. U won't regret it!
Best browser ever made
Fine....
fast and easy to navigate! kudos!
fast and easy to navigate! kudos!
I have it set to open each link in a new tab but each time I click on a link, it opens 3 tabs, first 2 r blank and the page opens on the 3rd page. Please fix this for 5 stars. HTC One S
Best browser
Been using the pc version for many years. Be sure to check the integrated mouse gestures on the pc version (also on the android version). Unparalleled performance!
¡Es bien rápido!
Doris Holman Canul
...better than stock browser, better than dolphin...fastest browser
Great, fast and easy to use.
Other than the splash screen, I can't recall any other flaw with this browser. Fast and highly functional. Great app, and my default browser for now.
Fast..app 4 android,but i can't mention a name on my fb comment!i am hoping that on the next updte i wil b surprised.. -hope that i cn uplod photos on my fb albums,mentioned name of a friend in a post and comment.but overol i love this app..
Its best than opera & dolphin. So install & enjoy
Works great, I love it!
I'm loving this app. It has a better set up for mobile phones and the short cuts are excellent. 5 stars
Fastest browser I found...free too!
Vary clean and fast nice color
Good For Any Android, Also The Snapshot is Great. This Is A Must Have 5 stars App.
Have to say this really is the best browser out there to day.
I can't believe someone said the speed is sh*t. Boat was my browser of choice. I then tried Opera and while I thought it was faster, I didn't like some things so I switched back to Boat. This week I tried Maxthon and will not look back. I have intalled it on my Asus Transformer and my Optimus V. This thing is fast. Faster than Opera. The gestures work perfectly and I have not had one single issue. 5 stars from me.
Great browser very fluid on HTC one s the best of all browsers on the market it is my default browser now.
Super fast surfing and lookup beats all browers I've used hands down!
I like it
I like it
Fast and easy to use.
I like maxthon.... n i also use it on my notebook
Mast hai..
Very nice
This is the best. Ever.
It seems to be doing what I need it for. Yay!. :)
This is best app of android i loved it pls dowload this app Neeraj goswami
Like
RAJESH GOWDA MYSORE : Excellent bth browsing & downldng but some times net wil dis cnct plz fix this prblm
good
nice
smoth & good i like it
Great
The best!
Great and easy to use, fast and no crushes
Made for SPEED. I love it. Just what I wanted :) thanks!
fast and easy to use
very good
Great app. Easy to use and very responsive.
Tried1 or 2 alternative browsers and it is the best one tried up to now dont rate many apps as i find they almost all flatter but the ones i do rate are very good
Have tried every browser available for Android phones and Maxthon is by far my favorite. It is faster,  more versatile, and updated more regularly than most of the other browsers. Has great features and add-ons  without cluttering up the UI . Have tried opera, boat, Firefox and 3 of the other major browsers.  Maxthon is number one for me,  followed by Opera mobile.  Highly recommended.
Not for me.  Doesn't support std sync like firefox or chrome
Only browser I use
Looks great. straight forward n easy to use.....no probs so far keep up the good work guys.
Simply the best
Looks like chrome and flash works with it.
Good
Great
Still a big Dolphin fan, but have to say Maxthon is even better. Even put it on my laptop...way faster & much more stable than FF or Chrome.
This browser is fast, intuitive, with plenty of configurable options.
Simple and faster. Thanks
Simple and faster. Thanks
Faster better and cooler althouh medyo kakabother kc s internal memory xia nakasave.
I've had problems with browsers freezing. Not yet with this one.
Forget other browsers. This is it. Other brows feel bloated. This is a no nonsense brows that loads websites in their proper view. Full view feat is fast and feels like a layer was removed and therefore makes experience faster. 5 stars baby. You're going to Vegas !!!
opera mini jaisa hi h dwnld kr lo...... ;-)
Like it better daily!
Like it better daily!
So far it is fast, easy, and reliable. I'm surprised it is not more well known.
So far it is fast, easy, and reliable. I'm surprised it is not more well known.
Bestest ...... Has everything u need...
woooowwwwww.........
Great app
Apart from the ocasional lock-up (which happens with most stuff) this is by far the slickest Android browser. Very easy to flip between tabbed and full-screen mode, the right options where you need them, and FAST!
No complaints on this browser... Fast and simple and easy to use =)
Its best than opera & dolphin ..
i love it
And I really nitpick when it comes to browsers.
Works faster than opera mobile
Great app.
Best browser
Fast
Some issues with flash but pretty good besides that
This is by far the best Android browser i have ever used.Especially on S2 it works best...
Everything I want for a browser, I get it from this little monster. Good job, dev(s).
Everything I want for a browser, I get it from this little monster. Good job, dev(s).
Awesome just like PC version.
Love this app. Better than many web browsers in the market. Works well, cool features that compliment the app. Would definitely recommend it!
great browser
Awesome
Awesome
Love it!
Wish i would have started using it sooner.
It's a wow browser...
It's a wow browser...
Works very well for me and my tablet!  Android 4.0...No more delays in browser response time.
Its way faster then cricket
Super da
Very nice..tnx guys
Good
Its a best browser.....than any other.
I really love the easy access tool bar. Easy to switch UA from desktop to mobile.
I had already tried opera n dolphin but it is the best among all
I had already tried opera n dolphin but it is the best among all
All u could want from a browser, I've tried all of them and this is the best
Yeah
User friendly apps, thanks to the developers!!!
User friendly apps, thanks to the developers!!!
Excellent browser.....great functions..
Very quick loading site, worth to have it.
Amazing browser
After freeze issues with Dolphin Mini, I tried this for the last month with no issues at all
Love it
They have one for tablets too
The best browser so far.
it's just great nothing else 2 say. for now 4 stars
I would gladli give ten stars for this apps... Great .........
I would gladli give ten stars for this apps... Great .........
I would gladli give ten stars for this apps... Great .........
It's the best browser I have used. Love how useful can customize it.
This is a great browser
Works great on Samsung Galaxy 10.1
Beats the crap out of dolphin, boat, opera mobile etc. Awesome
Very fast browser.
Im using Live with walkman, I have install its awesome broswer...its works so better than other once...
This is one of the fastest and most stable browsers available in the play store. Others are also good but i use this as default in my galaxy tab2 and optimus 3d.
Very good internet speed... must have this app.
Nice
btr than chrome and firefox. for android!  btr gesture controls than dolphin.  maxthon is prfct...  :D
btr than chrome and firefox. for android!  btr gesture controls than dolphin.  maxthon is prfct...  :D
This is the best file explorer I've come across!!!
Neat features and very few bugs/quirks so far.
I switched from Dolphin to this and I have no intentions of going back.
Straight forward smart app and is very useful.
Very nice.
Excellent App!
Its a great browser with lots of options, though sometimes it crashes but still working great..
Switched to this one when dolphin browser started crashing constantly. Haven't looked back.
This browser is the best:  Batter rendering of the pages, even faster than opera, very thoughtful çontrols, tabbed browsing Thank you to developers! !!
Surfing the Internet was an exercise in frustration... until I found Maxthon! It has features built in which other browsers require installing several addons and helper apps, bloating your dolphin into a hungry whale. Maxthon is also the only browser I've used that correctly displays and works with every site I've visited. You must try Fullscreen mode! Desktop mode is ideal for non-mobile sites. Downloads work for all kinds of files, no extra dl manager needed. This is true desktop power for your Android!
Please do NoT add features that slow down the browser
This is the browser that That ive been lookin for. fast doesnt have the lag of some of the popular browsers...with some tweaking in settings youtube vids play flawless. and yes ive tried dolphin with 20 sec to load a page i gave up..enjoy!
N
I've downloaded many browsers. This one is by far the best I've tried. I love the themes, add ons and customized gestures. Makes personalizing great. It's the fastest most smooth running browser I've experienced. Love it on my LG Marquee
Best
Best
Much better and easier to use. Tried them all. Keep up the good work.
Have fun browser
Awsome browser!
A lovely web browser..... Fast,upto date....... Working good keep it up
Its nice to use and handy but it would be better if its speed is increased...... Nevertheless iys fast.
Very nice
Features are perfect, not too much, not too little.
The best mobile browser that I have used.  Good work!
Better than the rest. I've tried many
I've tried many browsers like Opera, dolphin,ucb web etc but maxthon is far better than all of them...facebook runs better on it than official fb app...cool add ons....the pics quality is the best on it....i love this browser....great job maxthon team....keep it up.....no doubt it deserve more than 5 star....
Great application.....having excellent download manager.
Forward next page option is wonderful
nyc app.... wrks really good...!!
I love it!
brilliant browser
brilliant browser
Great browser and much quicker than others on my Samsung galaxy s3
At last a ap that really works
At last a ap that really works
Para mi, es el mejor de todos los browsers.  Es super divertivo y versatil.
I use this more then the att browser
nice....
I lyk it....very fast..downloading..and also no problem with downloading when I minimize..it doesnot stop automatically..like in uc browser..i rate it 5*
I lyk it....very fast..downloading..and also no problem with downloading when I minimize..it doesnot stop automatically..like in uc browser..i rate it 5*
Maravhilloso
Cool...use it ...
Nice one
google must have no second thought for this browser and make it the default browser with the next android release.forget all others,this is the one, is the most close to desktop browsing I ever had in a mobile device. I will even live from firefox after more than 10 years of use in my pc.thank you eric for the support in my emails that I send.love  from Greece!!
It really works
The find on page is missing and because of that I give u 3 stars. Until that gets fixed, I wont be using this browser much. Otehrwise, I would give 5 stars.
Numbrr one browser
Maxthon is by far the best browser out there. Chrome, Firefox, Safari, NONE stand a chance. Best browser for Windows (used for years alongside others!) And now the best on Android!! ^_^
Excellent
Nice
Better than I thought. I used to use dolphin HD and I always felt that was a very good Web browser. This on the other hand is way better and has a Freesheet feel to it!
Better than I thought. I used to use dolphin HD and I always felt that was a very good Web browser. This on the other hand is way better and has a Freesheet feel to it!
tried many browsers..... it promised to.be the coolest
Used to love Dolphin... Then it got bloated and slow. Maxathon is now my go to browser. It's fast and its features work as promised.
Used to love Dolphin... Then it got bloated and slow. Maxathon is now my go to browser. It's fast and its features work as promised.
Used to love Dolphin... Then it got bloated and slow. Maxathon is now my go to browser. It's fast and its features work as promised.
Used to love Dolphin... Then it got bloated and slow. Maxathon is now my go to browser. It's fast and its features work as promised.
Fast internet and all personalized to my liking! Great job!
Best browser for Android.
I've try others browser but this is the best and the fastest browser. And even the most stable browser. It please me a lot.
Very great browser
Its very user frirndly .......
Its very user frirndly .......
Good browser,fast more then the other.
Works like a charm! The best browser ever :)
Forget the rest, thIs is the most practical
Best browser till now .
One of the best web browser...i hv galaxy s2 n since d tym i upgraded my software to ics internet explorer ws nt wrkin since nt compatible...thn i tried usin opera mini but dint get tht satisfaction..i love dis browser...thnxx
I've tried all the browsers out there but they fail somewhere along the line.  This browser is near perfect,  love the gestures and the auto text reflow etc that others miss.
Awsmmm app.,better than any browser
Super responsive no BS browser. Loving it.
Best by far. I was wondering if it was possible to view red tube without it jumping to the moble fake site. It still does it in desktop view.
Works on sites others won't. Very good product...
Today i found itt, but its simple great.
sooper
I like the browser it is Browser than my default one.
Sweet browser even though I've been drunk for the past couple days.
Best mobile browser hands down
Best mobile browser hands down
Best browser by a mile and a half, great work devs!
The best browser so far!
Meets my expectations!
Super ,
its better than any other mobile browser out there
There's very little to fault about this browser, particularly as it's available for free.
Really impressed. Better than the standard android browser.
Yeah baby. I can do more things on this one that I want. It rocks.
No need to comment. Just shut up and download it
Not the best but it is ok. Facebook page is not totally usable
Good features
Best one so far
Best one so far
Life changing browser!  Love love love it!
Life changing browser!  Love love love it!
Life changing browser!  Love love love it!
Superfast excellent, better than most other commonly used browsers.
nice and excellent browser...
One of the best internet site, which obey ur instructions
Its a pretty good browser
*****
*****
Itz nice...
Speech less
Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10.1 I have only using a tablet for a couple of months and did not like the app they have for browsing but found this app and I'm very impressed with it and would recommend it to everyone, very easy to use and smooth.
Amazing.
nice browser
Superb....fast and consistent....till now it never crash... Just need to support complex font that is Bangla Language...
Works well on Motorola Motoluxe.
Good   And fun
awsmmmm the fastest
Best browser I have ever used
V good
Very good,excelent browser.
Simple, fast, stable
Simple, fast, stable
Slow to start sometimes, but great once running.
Good work....
Great browser....great navigation.....very user friendly.
excellent better then opera and dolphin browser.  :-D
Fast loading on my Tbolt. Blows Firefox away.
Verry cool
Great
M loving it
These apps is excelent as compare to the opera.because the fast browser.i lyk it.
Good browser may worth because it uses less data more speed...love it...:)
This web browser is light and fast. No lag or let downs. Gives u full screen option and has really good security for privacy and other technical features.
Good browser
Awesome
Love this browser....but video playback issues sgs2 ics
Simply the best
=)
Better than Dolphin easy
:)
Absolutely best one In others,  trust me, I tried all :)
Absolutely best one In others,  trust me, I tried all :)
Been my browser of choice since it was myIE. All the features, none of the bloat. Seamless integration with pc and nice add-ons.
Very nice
Very nice
veery smooth application, no fc very good.
Nice
Nice
the slowest browser on the market by far speed this piece of crAPP up maybe u can get your appropriate stars. Y make an app n not have it at its best?
It's okay…………
Tried Dolphin, firebox, this is the best by far...!
Better than dolphin, but little slower than opera.but since better and more  features than opera,and file downloading faster than opera.I rate it equal to opera.overall one of the best browser in market. Praveen
fast
I've tried almost all browsers and this one is the best. The only problem, it force closes under heavy load. Please fix that and I'll never use another browser.
I've tried almost all browsers and this one is the best. The only problem, it force closes under heavy load. Please fix that and I'll never use another browser.
I LOVE THE FULL SCREEN LANDSCAPE!
I LOVE THE FULL SCREEN LANDSCAPE!
Fast and easy to use.  Big improvement over the stock browser!
Great
Excellent application. Very easy to learn, small and quick, wonderful functionality! Keep it up!
Very fast, simple UI, no crashes so far. Loading and viewing pages are better than Chrome. In future if it comes with ad-ons , will be very happy.
Maxthon is simply the best browser there is.
Maxthon is simply the best browser there is.
Brilliant
Works Fine & Has Nice Design
Much faster than dolphin and opera, which i have now switched from.   This will be my number one browser.  Thanks!
Moved from dolphin to Maxthor and have found the little extra features so much more intuitive and useful as well as the speed! 5star
Best web browser :)
Very very quick.
Like this app. Just what I need. I never got the hang of my basic phone browser 'cos I like Tabs and a more familiar browsing system. Maxathon does that - and more. Excellent.
Excellllent
Excellllent
Fast
Fast
BEST BROWSER EVER .!!! I even have it for my laptop so I'm totally getting it for my Droid device
Good speed
Must try! Love it
the best browser ever
The best browser
The best browser
loved it
Fast and a great interface!
It's cool....
Maxthon mobile looks and works great on my Galaxy S3. Love the perfect synchronization with desktop!
Fastest :)
Better than dolphin for sure :) only lags more in full screen mode
Best browser ever
Working as suppose to...
this is so far the best browser, super fast and consistent.
Install it now
Pawan
Nice app
Much better browser for my Samsung galaxy y.
this is the best browser i've ever used.
Good one
It's fast.
Exceptional browser.
Its fast and multiperpous
Its fast and multiperpous
Goood apps
Much better that the prr-installed browser. I really love it.
This is worth a try seamless mobile and desktop integration I love it
Love this browser! Works as stated and love the small download.
I've used them all... I honestly don't know why it took me so long to try this one out, but wow its by far the best there is for Android.
Superb browser
Awesome!!!
Really excellent browser compare to other mobile browser. I am giving 5 stars because of good come back.....
Maxthon browser is like tina turner, simply the best!
great app on the mobile and on the computer. quick and reliable. picks up where you left off with a last page. Most used page. Quick launch. Open alls.
Little bit slower than Opera with data intensive websites, but otherwise perfect. Takes up less memory. And has no history mode.
Yesss...i use this browser since 1990's on pc..and still with outstanding performance and first in tab browser...
Awsome
Normally i don't care enough enough to comment. But this is the best browser Ive used Quick and easy..
Just what I wanted.  Very easy.  Very fast.  Very intuitive.
A little slow but it is the 2g network that should be blamed
maxthon is the best for me , smooth and a lot of features
Extent
easy to use
I really like Maxthon it is easy to.use and keeps all my internet stuff perfectly organized! Thanks ;)
I really like Maxthon it is easy to.use and keeps all my internet stuff perfectly organized! Thanks ;)
Very fast browser
Wow it is ultimate web browser.maxthon is 100% better than opera,Uc,dolphin etc .i am fully satisfied about its perfomance.excellent efforts......continue it.best of luck
Wow it is ultimate web browser.maxthon is 100% better than opera,Uc,dolphin etc .i am fully satisfied about its perfomance.excellent efforts......continue it.best of luck
Unlike some other mobile browsers, this one just works! None of the issues with sites like you'll find with a lot of the others.
This is a great browser. Small footprint and uses minimal resources. Keep it up folks.
Frequent crashes on flash-rich pages.
I like it.
Was hoping this would be a browser I could get behind. Has some good options BUT no way to disable location and NO popup blocker. Deal killer. Uninstalled.
Better than dolbhin
Best till now
Nice app wit js enabled
Really nice browser................................good work!
i have try all of them. this is the best browser so far..
i have try all of them. this is the best browser so far..
By far the best browser! Loved it!
Nice job ...,, I luv it :)
Gd 1
it's quite good
it's quite good
Nice
Fantastic...
Nice app
Nice browser ... like it
good
Fast browser
Extremely efficient and easy to use!!
Mast mast
Its awesome
Awesome browsing.. Fast
Great app! Absolutely perfect, although it could use a scroll to top button!! Other then that a MUST Download.
Very fast browser.
Love this web browser
Easy to use nd more advnc than opera or any other browser...it can even open pages that opera mini can't..
love it
I love this browser. Best out...just try it.
I love this browser. Best out...just try it.
I love serf and Search with it. It gives possibility to select text, tabbing, and in much faster way. Downloader is also awasome. I love it....
Loads quick,good features its great
Desktop like browser.
Very good and nice job 5 star for you all..i use maxthon for my laptop to..thk guy...
I am liking this browser a lot. It is easily rivaling the Dolphin Browser and I am thinking of making Mazthon my default browser. Using the Maxthon browser for Windows and the mobile version is a huge leap in productivity. Keep up the good work!
Best browser ever
Love it even before the android version!
EXCELLENT
Awesome
Not satisfactory on my Ray. Flash vids esp. unstable and cause browser to crash. And its slower than the stock broswer/Opera/Dolphin Mini. Uninstalled. Going back to Dolphin Mini which is more stable and lightweight and can play Flash too.
Converted from Dolphin (which is very good), but I think this is even better. Snappier response, smart tabbed browsing and easier to use. I would recommend this app!
Really love to use dis browser....sspeed is awsummmmm......as well as browsing also...  M lovinnnn it
The faster I've tried for android. Fully recommended!
Incomparable really great
It's fast & easy.
Best browser i ever seened
下的手势插件，不能自定义后退，会强退。今天晚上又发现不支持新浪分享，果断换回UC
The instant back button and cached next page make it the best browser out there. Not to mention how quick it is in general.
. No problem here!  Love this browser.
Way better than any other browser on the market atm, that's all I can say, try it yourself, you won't be  disappointed
Works great
Works great
Works great
This is the best browser its super fast and I like that u can coustmize it. And the book markets are easy to make and get to.
Brilliant.
Best app. A must have. Never before enjoyed surfing. Pl. Down load
Excellent fast browser! A must have!
Works fast,  and has excelent Ua mode,..  No more things to say..  Hands down..  Best there is...
Simply superb, fast, easy to use
Fast and feature-rich.
Fast!!! With lots of features
I have tried uc and opera browser. But both browser is unable to downloading file if they are minimized. But this browser perform very well in any condition.
Very fast and user friendly
This far The Best Android Browser I ever tried! I  Easy Fast and full of opinion as Grome revolution in PC browser it does in or phone even has a kind of similar look
in my its working good so five stars
Does everything i need
I wish you to stay the best for ever.Thanks
Superfast
Updated not able to install,unable to install sd card msg getting.fix this prob guys.glaxy pop samsung.
This is a great browser the best out GREAT JOB and fast
Good
Satisfied
Satisfied
Best B rowser ever used..
Love it, just as good as any out there.
Love it, just as good as any out there.
Best browser available in market.
Just downkoad and see for yourself
but still 5 because of review
I like this app. because it' very usefully app. it' realy good.
Good
This is by far the fastest browser. Very clean has full screen mode & tabs at top like google chrome plus more. A must have!!!!
Nice
Am in love with it
Osah laju eh Bolum cubo bolum yahu
Please update. Some website load correctly and some are not.  This force me to go back to boat browser.
Fast great search engine
The best browser on pc and mobile in the world
Works good for me.  And yes its fast.  Enhanced my 3g speed. I would recommend this instead of dolphin, ninesky etc.  :)
Love this browser, especially how it manages favorite pages. Seems to load pages quickly. Thanks!
Works great haven't found anything I didn't like. It's fast and easy to use! Best browser I've tried. all the other browsers either take too long to load or are somewhat fast but cut our a lot of the graphics in order to do so, this one is fast and maintains the normal mobile website graphics!
Faaaaaaaaadu............
Best android browser.....lv it.....
Best android browser.....lv it.....
Best android browser.....lv it.....
Best android browser.....lv it.....
One of the best browsers i've tried for many of the phones i had.It has everything you want!
best of All
Its just awesom you all should try this.. B-)
This is by far the best browser!
Very fast!
It is quite good for me it loads fast zoom is nice=D
Easy to use and very fast!
I like dis web site more xctment and so many internet location easy  2 use and fast loading,,,nice job
Nice app..
Awsome fast browser i have used all browsers , this does wat it says
Its really nice....................
:D love this
:D love this
Good job on Arc S !
Good
Super app for browsing
One of the best browsers I've ever used. Love that the pages load in the background. Looks clean and runs smoothly!
One of the best browsers I've ever used. Love that the pages load in the background. Looks clean and runs smoothly!
maxthon mobile n opera mini has they own strenghts n weaknesses.but for now, im utilised maxthon n let opera sleep, for a while;)
dis one is a faster browser man....like it..
Fast browser.Very responsive 5 stars
I love the speed and browsing capabilities. It's one of my favorite browsers and all the complaints I had about it are gone. Awesome!
Excellent app. I removed my stock replaced with this one. Must have app.
OK
I love it!the themes are just great!better than dolphin!  Good job guys!!!!
Love to surf on it
Love to surf on it
Way better then opera. I switched ans maxthon 3 to 1
Fast and reliable...both pc and android mobile
Good
OUTSTANDING! ,BEST BROWSER I HAVE EVER USED. THANK YOU FOR YOUR EXEMPLARY SERVICE! ! I'M GIVING YOU A 10 IN RATING ! TO THE BEST!!! THANKS-S.E.X-10.
very fast browsing
awesome for my devise. full speed and no complaints about this browser.
Looks good
Amazing
Amazing
This by far best browser for android.
Nice app good for places without wifi connection
I love this application is google all in one
Clear & uncluttered. Doing what it should when stock browser couldn't. So word wrapping & embedded video works. Easy to use. Plenty of practical features  Galaxy Note N7000
Kept it simple and made it very functional. Ive tried every browser and this and BoatBrowser are my favorites but this has more add-ons
Not sure what more you'd need from a browser. Has everything. Speedy loading, nice & smooth UI, instant back page load, customisable gestures, optional full screen, skins, speed dials and bookmark sync with the desktop version which I now use as the default on my laptop too. Can't believe it took me this long to try it.
Simply the best page rendering browser on Android and I've tried them all BRILLIANT!!
It has some force close crash of browser but beside it it really faster than any other
Wow
really fast browser
Its fast
The browser is fast, the page rendering is very acurate. Love it
Very good browser...combines the best options offered by other browsers on the android platform.
great looking browser smoother faster
great looking browser smoother faster
Could not doenload anything.but for browing is good
Awesome
best one Out
Wow! This is a lightweight browser with heavyweight features.
Its a very cool app and page opening speed better than others and don't take time to open as opera web browser takes 10-15sec to open .
Good
this browser has pretty much everything u'd need
Its nice browse fast then ever
best browser in the marketplace..smooth, quick, amazing
It's awesome!! I Love it! Faster, easier and good!
Good
Love it!!
Love it!!
Great browser
Great browser
Great browser
N
Mobil browser
Works great on my mobile So far i tried each and every browser on andriod and finally decided to go for the best and so downloded it again
Fast & customizable. What more could you ask for? Thanks Maxthon!
Great
Wat else do u want.......fantabulous
Crashed a few times doesn't load sometimes have to exit the app crashes when using full screen flashplayer. I use the Google search on home screen then use maxthon as default it didn't generate the search  Nexus s ICS
Does what it's supposed to the way it's supposed to.
Useful
i was waiting fr that type of browser.all the things flow gentely its works fantasticly.
faster ,smooth, eyes candy I've tested-firefox(x),dolphin(x)opera(x)boat(x)all of them something is missing but THIS Maxthon is Madmax for all.Congratulation for the best browser.
Fastest browser. Thats the most important thing for browsing. Hopefully more add on will be added in the future to make this browser to be more efficient.
Best browser. No problems
I have used so far
Far better than the stock android browser. Fast and awesome features!
Opens multiple tabs when clicking a link-search result links often require long press and 'open in new tab' to connect.
I love it
Y
Been thru lots of browser's and urs by far the best yet !!! Had an update done and now it keeps force closing and real slow now .. Want to keep this browser but need it fixed ASAP !!!!!!
And it does not read your logs like the other browsers.
Not bad. .faster loading
This browser is the best of all. Not to name any coz, nothing comes even close to it.
Great browser!!(:
The shizz nit
Best browser I've come across
Best till date.
Nice
This is best browser than any other browser like opera and default browsers.. so fast.. but still need minor improvements..
Fast internet browsing, runs great on my Droid x2. It was the first app I downloaded on my new phone!
Fast and easy, better than the internet asp preloaded on my phone
very good. i can use rapidshare. fast.
This is one of the best browser on g play
This is one of the best browser on g play
This is one of the best browser on g play
Nice
Great browser
I really love this browser, but newest version keeps force closing very often...
Nice app
Good job, development!
Fast and easy!!!!! Nice colors on the home and browser templates and easy settings
I cannot believe we had to wait so long for a proper browser. the experience is as close to a desktop Web browser as it can ever get.
I cannot believe we had to wait so long for a proper browser. the experience is as close to a desktop Web browser as it can ever get.
Subhanallah really great
Good interface, better than already very good stock browser. Stable. Free and ad free!
Good interface, better than already very good stock browser. Stable. Free and ad free!
Good interface, better than already very good stock browser. Stable. Free and ad free!
Good interface, better than already very good stock browser. Stable. Free and ad free!
This is my fav Browser
Cf
I m using Samsung Galaxy Mini... Maxthon is Excellent... Removed Opera
The best browser in the wor-out there.
Good browser, fast, adaptable.
GREAT!  Fast... Does everything I need a browserto do and more.  I use it on my desktop as well...
I  fast -  it is free -  easy  to use  -  So why  wait get it today
I have used a few sights but this one is the best i have come across so far
Wonder full simply super
Awesome App
I first tried maxthon on the kindle fire as it worked better than the stock browser. It was one of the first things I downloaded to my new HTC EVO 4G LTE. Works great here too.
I used to opera, but after using this browser,  understand it is the best !!!
Quick. Light. User friendly.
I used opera but now i prefer maxathon
Perfect
Perfect
Fast, reliable, and light weight. The best l've seen for the android platform.
It is indeed excellent.
i like mx browser
Best browser in my opinion
Plus all the extra stuff
Simply the best browser for Android, hands down.
I've had them all, was even loving Dolphin HD but so far this one is more impressive. Faster, lighter and less cumbersome. Keep up the good work.
I'm glad to use lke this app
Fast and reliable.
Fast and reliable.
I have tried Skyfire, Opera, Firefox, Dolphin, and others... Maxthon beats them all. You will not be disappointed.
I have tried Skyfire, Opera, Firefox, Dolphin, and others... Maxthon beats them all. You will not be disappointed.
I have tried Skyfire, Opera, Firefox, Dolphin, and others... Maxthon beats them all. You will not be disappointed.
I have tried Skyfire, Opera, Firefox, Dolphin, and others... Maxthon beats them all. You will not be disappointed.
Best browser by far. Used them all. Fast and reliable.
Best browser by far. Used them all. Fast and reliable.
Just awesome <3
Small size is the best feature. At least better than dolphin.
the best in my list
Fast
Like my pc browser (love tabs)!  Very fast!  Wonder if there's a pc version?
Nice apps!
Nice apps!
Best browser so far
I like!
Awesome browser!!!
By  far the best
Maxthon browser fast, dependable, easy.
I like but slow working.
I like but slow working.
Auwcummm
it is a very great app I love it
i like it
Simply the best! This browser is very fast, stable, has a cool user interface! I've tried othet browsers - Opera, Dolphin, Firefox, etc, but no other browser comes even close to Maxthon! Keep up with the good work!
Fantastic speed.
Awesome app
Excellent!
Great browser.. Like it.
Awesome Web browser.
Is a really good app...so far so good...
I like it
Its so easy and pretty quick to.
Its so easy and pretty quick to.
I decided to try this along with so many others. The stock browser sucks. The Facebook app is too slow and the browser wasn't any better. Now I can get on Facebook fast. Great app.
Pretty fast web browser
Much better then opera
Very easy to use. Best that I tried
love this app..
BLAZING FAST. It's lightyears ahead in terms of speed with dolphin hd and has a ton of useful features such as rotation control.
BLAZING FAST. It's lightyears ahead in terms of speed with dolphin hd and has a ton of useful features such as rotation control.
This is the best browser i hv evr used in ma android....it is very fast n free....it is better than dolphin n UC....it also hlps to save battery...  I thank d makers of this wonderful app.... :)
Just an awesome browser
Sprbbbb   .
The browser is sleek and stylish. Also it is fast.
Dam good to browse the internet.....
sghjcxdgk
sghjcxdgk
Nice
I have tried lots of other browsers, but nothing comes close to this. This browser is Innovative, easy to use, fast and loaded to gills with options which you can not find in other browsers. Way to go Maxthon.
I have tried lots of other browsers, but nothing comes close to this. This browser is Innovative, easy to use, fast and loaded to gills with options which you can not find in other browsers. Way to go Maxthon.
Best browser ever for me tried them all but this is by far the top dog
Fast 5 nice work
Small fast and lean not a big bloated browser.
Fast, full featured. Only gripe is that I didn't hear of it sooner.
Probably fastest browser :)
Very nice
Very nice
Great browser with every thing pretty much perfect.
In addition to replacing the stock browser, I'm using this am an alternative to the Facebook application (which is terrible ) and Google reader (which h is not). galaxy S2 skyrocket.
VFast but just crashed. Hope its a one off. Still I recommend it.
Must for every tab
Brilliant!
Doesn't that stand for awesome? !
Very easy to use, fast, currently my favourite browser
Besides how whatever page I was on before I exited out is gone when I return, everything else is very great! Love how fast it is.
Tops,....Strangle Hold,..Love It,..Works
Very nice interface with plenty of user friendly options!
Very nice interface with plenty of user friendly options!
Awesome app!!  Love it!! So much faster than other browsers.
Constantly improving, nice interface, intuitive to use and much faster than stock browsers.  Highly recommend Maxthon
Constantly improving, nice interface, intuitive to use and much faster than stock browsers.  Highly recommend Maxthon
Wonderful browser.
I like it more than dolphin XD
Nice browser, all we need now is a way to set UA per site and this thing would be golden {^_^}
Ive tried quite a few other browsers but none are as quick as this one, &it handles webcams like a breeze.
Wanted a compact browser on my phone and this does the job well.
f#ck dolphin
Does what it claims. Very good browser to use.
Works very well :3 and pretty
Force closes sometimes
works pretty good beats the hell outta having to download ten apps just for one thing
Nothing less than awesome.....
All you need!
Navegador excelente, rápido, estável e ainda com navegação em abas, lembra o google chrome :) recomendo!
Its fast. Can view video. Good work
Wow
Rnot badd
Besst
Just faster ....that's it......
Fantastic browser. Quicker
Excelent browser
Very good
image quality remains same when i was uploaded my pics in to FB.Nice app i really love it
Love it in my S2
Super fast and super reliable. This browser rocks!
Its terrible, why is this rated so good, its fast okay. But it never will beat dolphin or even standard browsers. Its terrible with scrolling or any function. It just doesnt feel natural
Its terrible, why is this rated so good, its fast okay. But it never will beat dolphin or even standard browsers. Its terrible with scrolling or any function. It just doesnt feel natural
Amazingly fast.. dont be fooled by the others!!
Fast.
Great app!!!
Great app!!!
Fast browsing speed....
smooth n quick
Simply excellent
Great Browser!
It is fast it is stylisch it is easy everything you want
Its good than opera ...try it..
Better than other browser
<3
Wud luv to give it any number of stars..Luv d browser...
This brower defo the best i had every last one and this one stands out by far
Great browser
Absolutely great browser for me! Im hoping for a lot of improvements soon!
Fantastic on my HTC ONE X
Much faster than preinstaled browser, can't fault it.
Maxthon for Android is great for droid based phones that have limited internal space. It's clean and fast and so far the best browser I have found that will run on my ZTE X500 Score. Highly recommend for anyone who can't run FireFox and dont need or want browser's with bloatware.
Maxthon for Android is great for droid based phones that have limited internal space. It's clean and fast and so far the best browser I have found that will run on my ZTE X500 Score. Highly recommend for anyone who can't run FireFox and dont need or want browser's with bloatware.
Almost anyway. Love the inverted colors for night mode. Re-flowing text could be improved.
After having tried several browsers, this has got to be best! Everything that you need in a mobile browser! Keep it up dev team! Totally recommend it!
Extremely user friendly. Great for samsung ace. Suresh.
It is the best browser i have ever used
It is the best browser i have ever used
Five thumbs up!
this far i use it as my default browser , and i leave opera mini or mobile behind
Updated the rating
Fast n easy
Smooth and fast...faster than my default browser! Great for phones that rely only on b/g connection.
By far the best mobile browsing app I have ever some across! 5 stars all the way!
One of my top two favorite browsers
Used Dolphin for a very long time... this is far better for me... downloaded to my laptop to give it a whirl as well!!
NICE APPLICATION! 5 STARS!!! :))
NICE APPLICATION! 5 STARS!!! :))
Nice
its really a great browser  i lov this
Nice
Nice
Awesum...speechless...
Excellent
issue
5***** excellent!
Better that dolphin browser
I've tried them all but this browser wins hands down on speed, stability and usability. Highly recommended.
Very nice and fast browser. Made my default browser.
Nice browser
Works perfect. I recommend it
Fast clean browser
Simply the best browser out there you got to try it
Hook
Gud but pl rectify the force closing prob soon
nice
Fast browser.Highly recommende.
Fast browser.Highly recommende.
Tried dolphin but it cannot beat this which is fast and easy to use.
Keep up the good work
Smart and Powerful browser. Fastesr loading browser I ever used in my 3 years of Android experience. Even if there is a paid version, it will definitely worth buying.
ممتاز
Very fast and reliable so far. Takes a second to close. But I can live with that.
Best I've used.
This its a great browser
Force close
I was sceptical at 1st changing my mobile browser. I have a Samsung Replenish and the internal memory is not very large. I downloaded this browser and force stopped the pre-installed browser. Doing this opened up almost 8mb of internal storage, not to mention maxthon can be moved to your sd card.   Maxthon is so much faster and more user friendly and capable than my last one. I like it so much I downloaded the browser for my pc.   Great Job Maxthon!
I was sceptical at 1st changing my mobile browser. I have a Samsung Replenish and the internal memory is not very large. I downloaded this browser and force stopped the pre-installed browser. Doing this opened up almost 8mb of internal storage, not to mention maxthon can be moved to your sd card.   Maxthon is so much faster and more user friendly and capable than my last one. I like it so much I downloaded the browser for my pc.   Great Job Maxthon!
better than opera..best interface
Much faster than any other browser
Much faster than any other browser
it is far better than all
Don't know why more don't use it.
Was using Miren browser, which is good. But this is the best, faster more options, 5 stars keep up the good work people! Thanks for the best!
Thank you
Intuitive interface:-)
I tried all Android browsers available, but this one is hands down the best. Beats Opera Mini and Mobile. It actually feels like browsing on a normal computer! You don't have to download videos, you can play them online (unlike Opera), the looks are much sleeker and it opens optimalized webs like the Android browser (f.e. Google looks like Google on a computer). Definitely the best!
Very fast & facebk is like android facebk in jusit 2mb
Very good
Best browser ive found for android,  trust me i tried loads before settling for this.
Best browser ive found for android,  trust me i tried loads before settling for this.
Best browser ive found for android,  trust me i tried loads before settling for this.
Great
This is the best browser i had used faster and easy to use
Working great.....
Best browser for Android!
Still the best browser for me
This has become my new favorite browser! I especially love how I can customize it with beautiful themes. Keep up the great work.
This has become my new favorite browser! I especially love how I can customize it with beautiful themes. Keep up the great work.
Top class.
Jhakas i love this browser its better than to oper
It is great!!!! I have no problems with it.
I tried several browsers and not happy with none of them. Maxthon browser is just what I was looking for. Definitely 5 stars for the best browser in the market.
best android browser. fastest, and still lots of features for pleasent work. 5 stars! keep up the gr8 work!
I used it for a long time no prob
Ho yeah
I can't find any flaw so far. May be its time to remove other browsers from my phone :-P
Love it
Does everything the stock browser does, and handles it better. More options, and easier to use.  No complaints!
I used dolphin but maxthon is much faster. The only small downfall, lack of voice search
I used dolphin but maxthon is much faster. The only small downfall, lack of voice search
Love it <3 never going back to my old browser
Good perfamence
For the phone its one of the best browsers I've used.
Very good browser....
best of the best broser
nice browser
Great
very browser
If you can make a adon to watch flash videos for phones that dont have adobe flash would be amazing
good
really nice.i usually don't post any review bt i'm impressed wid dis
Nic
great app
I have tried many different browsers (eg.. dolphin, opera, skyfire) this indeed is the best keep up the good work men&women!!!
Great application
its just awesome to use.
its just awesome to use.
I think Maxthon is the best Internet Browser for Android. In my Samsung Galaxy S It run perfectly. For better performance I suggest to The Developer to increase The Add On.
Fantastic app . A true extention of my regular pc browser
Google Chrome
جربت اوبرا ودولفين وكروم وفايرفوكس, ولكن هذا افضلهم اذا استخدمت كل مزاياه
Quick, simple, effective, and free. Plays flash video, tabbed browsing and has themes. What more could you ask for.
O my god it's fast I swear it's brilliant guys dowload it if can u wont get better it runs faster on my xperia s
Excellent browser
Best Browser for Android.
Best browser
Ye a v tak ka sub se best hai. I will give 5 star
I use this as my alternate browser.  It has flash support, and really any other feature i need. It's a definite 5stars.   I don't know if this is achievable but just throwing it out there; the only thing that could make it better is a row keyboard shortcuts to move between tabs Totally recommend download regardless
I've done tried all other browsers & they was slow as hell this browser is the best & fastest one I've ever seen & you take screenshots i love it 5 star all the way
I've done tried all other browsers & they was slow as hell this browser is the best & fastest one I've ever seen & you take screenshots i love it 5 star all the way
Brilliant 5 stars
Good bye dolphin cult....hello Max.   ★☆one critique☆★  small bugs here and there as others describe. Still all gravy baby
i have used every singe browser available for android, not one of them come even close to this browser , it is by far the best in terms of speed, responsiveness and simplicity. You cant go wrong with this browser !!!!
Good. Lightweight.
Good. Lightweight.
For me it works well and a great improvement on the standard android browser (which isn't bad). Love the back/forward buttons, private browsing... Still discovering things.
I like mx
Works like a charm
Works like a charm
Vip
Vip
It
It is very good for me, quicker and stable. I like it from PC version.
it's give impression just like v r browsing in computer . . great app
Very best browser.
Very best browser.
Great apps. Meets my requirements for browsing.
it's very good browser for me because it's really very fast
Fast perfect fits me love it exacly like Google Chrome
Much better than the included HTC browser.
Evry thing you want in the brwoser will find here & more every thing
Nice web browser for my arnova 9g2 web pages load faster and youtube easy to watch highly recomend
Reliable
This is THE BEST BROWSER so far that I've used!...its very fast!...I've made this my main browser and uninstalled Firefox!...Firefox is garbage compared to this maxthon browser hands down!
Best browser for android.
When rendering dojox.mobile widgets.
Great browser. Galaxy Epic Touch
excellent!
I like it!
Good! User-friendly interface, for me is the most practiculary browser.
Super
It's the quickest on my lower-end device. Works smoothly, and quickly without lag, hesitation, or crashing frequently. Thank you!
Good browser
so far the best mobole browser i have ever experienced.
I m using this browser... This browser is really gud one
I m using this browser... This browser is really gud one
I love this browser. Works well on my 7 plus
Keep up the great work! I've tried many, I only use this one.
No, just right. This thing has exactly all the functionality that I need and want on my Android devices, no more and no less. Maxthon rules! Thanks so much to the devs :-) It is perfect.
Browser is amazing.  The included download manager helps download issues on the Galaxy Nexus
Its ausumn
Great job, on the desk top this was always my favorite portable browser.
Great app, better than firefox
Awesomest web browser ever...everything is great
This browser is faster & more uniquely designed compared to others.I also have the Maxthon for computer before,and still works perfectly smooth.Good job.
After useing this my net speed goas zoom....
After useing this my net speed goas zoom....
Well I have to say its up there with the best. Very happy runs nice and smooth all you want from a great browser. Well done guys keep up thw good work. Regards Pete.
Superfast browser
Superfast browser
Best browser on the market :)
It's a pretty cool app. Very creative and customized website
I like this the most
Works great and looks cool too
Really slooww... :(
Yep. That's it.
So nice
A first-class browsing experience.
A first-class browsing experience.
try it u gonna like it' :-)
Use it and feel it. It really better than dolphin..
Finally I got the ultimate browser....faster than other.....i set it as my default browser...:)
It's a very good web browser
This browser is really great. it's the fastest
Nice
Nice
good....
Ossammm......
Fastest browser ive ever had
Very good and fast..
Very good and fast..
I luv it
Aosam
I have tried other mobile browsers and this is by far the best. I would highly recommend this to others
Ye kya hua. Mr.A.
Good
Very fast browser...
Thx for this free app great  browser for use.....
It will be more effective.otherwise good
It's cleaner than Dolphin, unless you really fuckin like purple
It's cleaner than Dolphin, unless you really fuckin like purple
Believe I tried them all but this the top of the line
Thanks
This android version is as good as the PC version I use maxthin across all my devices and the one user sync across all makes it awesome and extremely efficient
very fast to download giving 5
Goo aplication
Must try !!
Great! I leave opera mini for this. †ђąηk ўσυ

@lucy, use download page instead save page.
Nice work.....
Great browser!
Fast browsing. Clean interface. Replacing Dolphin (also a great browser!) for a change of pace.
Love this browser. Very similar to IE.
I like the way of runnig the app and mostly i like to use the full screen mode it is the best browser from all that ever use till now such opera, dolphin,etc so if u download it i damn sure that u will addicted of this
Superb enjoy it.
Great.
Best browser ecxillent
Really Nice browser.
Very easy to navigate
This is a hell of a lot better than opera by far!!!!!! Where have you been I've been missing a lot without this!!!!!!
the best browser... simply and fast.... tried all the browser opera, skyfire, dolphin. this is the best
the best browser... simply and fast.... tried all the browser opera, skyfire, dolphin. this is the best
Some crash issues fix that people!!....still good browser....
Handsome
Handsome
superb... a small problem.. uf data connection is lost for some reason while downloading, the file re downloads... i mean it restarts the download.  plz fix it asap...
Muy bueno...
This makes browsing easy pages render quickly. This is now my go to browser.
Nice app must download it!!!!!best android browser then dolphin,opera etc.
Nice app must download it!!!!!best android browser then dolphin,opera etc.
Very good
Great App i don't have to root my phone
On my own personal pc. I had removed-Firefox and Internet Explorer and switched to Maxthon for Windows cause I was impressed with how functional and versatile with a low memory consumption even with add-ons the Android vs. offered   ~Chris.
Feels a little like chrome.  Generally good. Honestly I have no complaints.
I have tried alot of browser but hands down this is the best
Better than dolphine
Great browser love it!!!!
try it out and see for yourself
This is a great browser and after all its free.. im satisfied
Way better than I'd exspected. And preforms as good or better than any browser of comparable program siZe
Brill I mainly use on pc which is far better but this app beats HTC standard !
I use this on my desktop, mobile, and tablet now. Great work.
I did try most of the browsers and this one is the best
A browser with everything in a way that it shud be...unlyk opera..dolphin nd other browsers
Best browser.. Way faster and better than android stock browser
Good
Nice set of addons and a complete package of features. Definstely the most consistent and speedy browser.
It's awesome.!
Son derece basarili ve hizli
Superb experience so far.....
Its the (r)evolution of everything. Es especially now that I also use the desktop browser.
Very nice browser and very fast this browser beat all browser thank you
Very nice browser and very fast this browser beat all browser thank you
Very nice browser and very fast this browser beat all browser thank you
Best so far
Best so far
I love using this browser, it's the best that I have ever tried and I'm not looking back
I love using this browser, it's the best that I have ever tried and I'm not looking back
I love using this browser, it's the best that I have ever tried and I'm not looking back
Acha hai re
Awesone as hell
Good apps Galaxy Ace
Best App Ever
Impressive.  Classy.
This is an outstanding apps
Best Android browser by far!
Wow. Loving this browser on EVO 4G LTE. This Is my go-to browser now.
Wow. Loving this browser on EVO 4G LTE. This Is my go-to browser now.
Faster than Dolph. Everything needed is avail.
Best view browser. Fast and simple light. Maxthon has what I want. Keep fast...
Superrrrrrrrrrrrr
ok
Good jobs
I tried many mobile browsers, Firefox, opera, ... Maxthon is far better than the rest, it has pretty much all the controls there in the right place! Try it! It's free! You won't regret it!
OF THE BEST
Nice & smooth
Delivers what it claims.
Amazing
Lapk hai boss....must dwnlod
Awesome app works great on my tablet.... love it
Application I've downloaded. Only thing is if u choose to do private browsing it goes back to home screen wen ure watching a video and hit the back button.
Application I've downloaded. Only thing is if u choose to do private browsing it goes back to home screen wen ure watching a video and hit the back button.
Nice app 4 my Samsung galaxy s2
Two thumbs up
Smal and fast!
I'm going to give 5 stars. It seems like a very stable browser. Quick, whatever. The only problem I have it don't like to load sites sometimes. Although that's because of the rom I'm using so.
Easy to use, looks great, very fast
It is a very nice browser. Far better than opera and uc. You must  download it
Itz v good yaar
The best browser I've tried so far...
All I did was install and 2 minutes later it was my default launcher. Fast.
My android default Browser crashed all the time but this works fine.
It's a the best till now.
After a much needed update the browser is back at the top of my list. Superfast and customizable, this is the best browser for your android device!
Very nicely
This browser allows to save a page as html file!  Other browsers can save pages as pdf at best, but mostly in some obscure format, not accessible to other apps.
It's nice, but I'm still relying mostly on the stock browser
For me.. its the best.. light, and easy to use.. simple.. well its for me only.. but it would be super awesome if theres easier shortcut for "search" to find a word or sentence in a web.. thx..
I just shifted from dolphin browser HD to Maxthon Browser and im loving it and im using it as my default browser BUT there are frequent force closes while using the app. My mobile is HTC Explorer. Hope u guys will fix it till the next update :)
Great app
Great app
Love this browser. Solid!
What more do you want from a mobile browser? It is super fast and there are even some decent customization options to boot. Awesome!
What more do you want from a mobile browser? It is super fast and there are even some decent customization options to boot. Awesome!
This mobile browser is wicked awesome. Which is saying something. It is fast and no force closes!
This is IMO the best browser I've tried on my HTC EVO.  I am a FireFox fan but it just does not perform well on my phone.  Will be using and recommending this browser.
Its simple ,small & fast
The best out there.
All I can say is wow.
Love the overall performance of the browser, one of the fastest.
I'm so glad I can finally get where I want to go without the hassle!
Far the best browser for my Galaxy 5. No need for fancy buttons or transparancy - they only slow us down - and the devs totaly got it! As I said, extremely fast in every aspect, and hasn't hung or lagged a time!!! Totally recommended for everyone, don't look at those "genious" comments with complains.
Very good...
Way better then the browser that came in my atrix. Still a bit glitchy I've had it force close a few times. More than i consider normal. Otherwise it's great. It's quick, easy to use, and has great options. I love the large status bar.
Don't waist time on anything other then this.awesome app
I wouldn't go back to the stock browser if you paid me. One thing that irritates me is not being able to access this browser from the Metro launcher theme that I have running on this phone.  I have to come into the Play Store and click 'open' every time I want to use this browser. I'm thinking  that this may only be my theme, though. The app shows up just fine with 'Balancer'  on my other phone.  Regardless, I love this browser enough to go out of my way to use it.
Awesome
Great app
Faster than any other
Faster than any other
Exellent browser. Best browser i have ever used.
Really like using this, having tabs is so cool. Got my boyfriend using it now and told my Facebook friends about it.
Awsome .best browser ever seen.
Im a big fan of maxthon and its silky smooth and fast on full screen  But its noticeably laggier when its not on full screen mode, any fix coming soon?
Fast, nice features, has flash support. Best browser on droid
Because you asked for 5, I give you 4. So there. Still pretty awesome though.
I love this browser so much that it is the only browser I use on my device.  But please give us the ability to re-order and organize our bookmarks and folders by dragging them in the same way we can the Quick Access.
Super good
Very good on my htc desire Hd
Best browser for Android
Gr8 app..
Good
Does exactly what is says its fast and has some GD customizible features.  Plus it has all the major apps integrated.  Better then dolphin HD.
Does exactly what is says its fast and has some GD customizible features.  Plus it has all the major apps integrated.  Better then dolphin HD.
Dolphin and Opera. I have to say. Keep up the good work.
This browser rocks. It has all the features you could ever all for!
Nice one
Far mor better than opera ,dokphin , etc apps . I gave 5
how about an option to hide tab bar
Best mobile web browser out there 5 stars
Gr8 brwsr
No other words its very good than other browsers
Have tried many many browsers on android.. this is by far the best.. less buggy than the rest although won't play flash videos in full screen.. but I suspect that's an issues with my fone rather than the browser.. if you are after a fast easy to use browser look no further :-)  HTC one x..
its the best browser u an find...screw other browsers
After trying various settle for this one.  I used this brow on SGs SGsII HTCs and nos using LG _   Like various brands I feel LG is best because this brow feel more better now with LG
Speed is superb . Smoothness please.
This is my default browser now. Lightning fast & intuitive ui. Great job Maxthon!
This is my default browser now. Lightning fast & intuitive ui. Great job Maxthon!
Very fast n convenient of full package.
nice....thx u
This browser can send your url activities and steal your privacy or data. Be careful.
Get it
Easily the best browser on Android. Everything is smooth, bug-free and the interface is great. The tabs feature is amazing along with gestures. All in all, the BEST.
Cool and sexy app it is use one time it take ur heart....
Sometimes
Have used standard android browser,opera for android, and dolphin for android.  This by far has the best experience for browsing!
I tRuly lOve tHis its n @wsm aap 5stars frm meH
I've tried others and they never seemed good enough. There was always something I found that wouldn't work the way I needed it to. And then I found Maxthon. I'm familiar with their desktop browser, I used it when they were still calling it "MyIE2".  Their browser for Android is simply the best I've found and used. It does everything and displays everything I need it to and does it quickly. Give it a try, you won't regret it.
keep it up i hope this is not the end of your browser i hope it will ok foreves hoho
Superb
Working nice
With the newest updates, this browser really sets the bar for all others.  Gesture controls are great, stability is much improved. I was hoping for an update like this, and they really delivered.
Awww
Lightweight and fast
Its faster. At least it seems to be
Thought dolphin was good this is better. Text wrap is a god send put a stop to that anyoying sideways scrolling. Like the wiget type favorites. App runs smouth and is very fast. Hats off to the dev 5 stars.
Love the Maxthon Browser. Haven't been this excited about using a fast browser since Opera and Firefox. Keep up the good work.
Fastes & stabil
Nice
Love it opera weak
Good, faster than Dolphine Keep the good work guys
Tried them all. Finally found one worth using instead of the default. Very nice, Maxthon.
Very fast...I had opera. I have since uninstalled opera
The fastest browser I ever used ...opera is nothing before this
A nice browser :)
A nice browser :)
Totally awesome
Awesome
hackers can I have a shower please
Really fast compared to all the other browsers I've tried on my Galaxy S II.
Love it dont waste time just do it
Doels what i need it to do
Best browser
The browser ive found so far!
The browser ive found so far!
Love this browser super fast.
Fast, simple,working
I love it
Its the best
Great app!!
Simply fast...easy to navigate
finally I found the fastest mobile browser...not popular but the best
Great browser...
Great browser...
super
Cute browser...more than dolphin and opera,bolt........
One hell of a bloody fast browser with themes, add ons, and folders. Love the make your own browser on the site!
One hell of a bloody fast browser with themes, add ons, and folders. Love the make your own browser on the site!
Awesome brower mahn! Faster than any other. . .mast hai! ;)
Just awesome!
Just awesome!
Really good and better than operamini
It allows you window options, history delete, east history access.. It feels like browsing on computer...
aowsome application
Awesome!!
Well it works really good on my phone...((:
Works Great !!!
This browzer is very fast compared to others.If once u use it u will never go for other bowzer
I had to remove Opera Mini due to recent problems with crashing and random reboots of my phone. I was patient and installed the updates but no improvement. Next, I tried Firefox and on top of it being a whopping 14 MB it just loaded the pages too slowly. This browser is the best I've tried so far! Keep up the great work!
I use firefox on the big computer and love it however I have 6 browsers downloaded on this tablet and MAXTHON is THE BEST hands down not even a competition, Better than stock, dolphin, firefox, chrome, and skyfire just wants money from you. THANK YOU very much, I even downloaded it  on my phone its excellent! If you havent used this browser you need to be!
Its great one and so fast
Very fast. User friendly.
I love this browser so much it plays flash videos smoothly:-)
very good!
Nice app....
This browser is great! Really solving my text autowrap problem. Fast and simple layout. Combining best feature of other browser apps. Smart. Keep going!
This is the best browser in Android come-uppance. It does all my thinking so I am able to surf without concern.  Tried many many many ma....before I came across Max. With nothing to lose, I downloaded,tested and deleted 8 space wasters, memory thieves and snails' pace crawlers. I LOVE THIS APP!
Fast, and easier to use the my preloaded web browser.
it works faster
Unique features and very fast. undo closed tab - no other browser has.
Loved this browser ..
I works wel bt too give much version pls
So far the best browser i have used.they truly deserve a five star rating..hope u can have more functions with the.browser though..maybe in future updates..
Used to be good, but now there are way too many force close on open issues with the newest update. If its fixed I may download again
aaaaawwwwsssuuummmmm....
Great app....i love the speed!
Works really good and I love how you can have.more than one tab open at a time. Aweosme job
BEST BROWSER OUT THERE HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!
More options please.
So great browser on phone and web.
The best browser on Android
The best browser on Android
It j faster than all the browser in market.
Fastest android browser I have used.
Speedy & useful
Speedy & useful
This browser is awesome
Easy to use, love the tabs function. Fast loading, it pretty much provides me everything i need
Love it.
Love it.
Have tried several browsers, and had as many as three side by side in order to have different useful features available. Found that Maxthon has them all, and uninstalled the other browsers.  Maxthon is definitely tops in its caregory.
