Start flipping when scrolling web page.videos always pops up.WORLDS SLOWEST BROWSER!! Its a complete WASTE OF MONEY?
I got this for the video feature...now it wants me to pay...there are other browsers that have video free...buhbye now...
Slows phone down drastically I've had 5 different phones it  does it to every single phone. Speeds pick up once I uninstall. Its this app
2nd time I've tried it, so slow its painful, 2 mins and fb page still hasn't loaded....don't bother...HTC sensation
Problem with htc wildfire s has been reported about ONE YEAR AGO, developer was assuring people that works on that for half a year, but it is already one year and error 1: -1005 is still not fixed. Will this be ever fixed? It's really a shame for you that you cant fix one problem for a year... This is great app and video thing would be great if it would finally work on htc wildfire s. I'm sick of waiting, I think that you have given up on this long time ago and you are not going to fix that ever. SHAME
this browser was awesome, great video and had it for the longest time.....now all of the sudden, when clicking video, it closes down...i thought it was me but now isee you have to pay for video? f#@& that...you were good but we now part ways....
CRAAP.....keeps freezing and NOT taking commands. Forced to UNINSTALL EVERY TIME I OPPENED IT. It was a VERRY GOOD app....dont know what happened.
Well not transfer grandfathered free video license to new device.
Just tried this out and found it to be absolute rubbish. SGSII ICS 4.0.3
Apparently sending a crash report does no good. Guess they aren't going to update for ICS.  It used to to work well before I updated my Razr.
Every time I open it. It hasn't had an update in ages.
Truth b told, it doesnt even deserve 1 star
I loved this browser on my last phone ( mytouch q ) I upgraded to the galaxy s lll  and the app won't open at all
Fwas 5 star but constantly crashes since Ice Cream Sandwich Droid 4 upgrade	Please fix so I can restore 5 stars
THIS APP ALWAYS CRASHES
Always crashes and won't load video. If there is no fix soon I will be deleting
Tried using it 4 times since I downloaded it and it forced closed every time nexus ics. 4.0.4
Slower than stock browser.. Poor flash support Sluggish  Force close...
First, Skyfire is as slow as molasses. Second, at leat 25-33% of the time, it serves up a blank screen. Last and most importantly, I still can't watch Hulu Plus. (What did the devs do to really pi$$ off Hulu? Hulu specifically states videos will not play if using Skyfire. So, the devs had to pi$$ off Hulu somehow because it gets my money regardless of how I might view it.) For other videos viewed, go take a nap, come back and they'll be loaded when you return. Given with the inordinate wait time for any web page, the very iffy nature of the video demands no more than $2.00 to unlock the video premium feature. Anything more is pure greed and self-important delusion. (Make you a deal, devs. I'll pay you that $2.00 but no more. Otherwise, it's an uninstall.) One last thing just discovered: If you receive a phone call in the middle of a video, you must start watching all over from the beginning again and there's no way to get back to the point where you left off at the time of the call. Major FAIL!!!
Doesn't find the videos, after analyzing, when you tap the video key, to watch a video nemore.
At first I enjoyed this app until my trial expired and it kept notifying me on every new page I went to. It got really annoying, so I uninstalled it. Upon redownloading the problem still persists. This does not make me want to pay for the full app, it just makes me want to uninstall.
Can't use the browser for more than 3 minutes without it sending me back to my home screen.. And usually its nowhere near that long. It just asks to send an error log and that's it.
Crashes on every flash video update pls
There are better browsers on android
Es una verdadera porqueria!!!!"
Used to work great on my photon ..  lots of freezing and crashing on the galaxy S3... almost every time u open it crashes..  any fix coming
From 5 stars to what the f&$$_??? It used to be my fav browser I had the video free for being an original user but had to buy it when updated my phone.thats fine but now it crashes ALL THE TIME.It keeps asking me to send a notification to help fix it everytime it crashes and I do so please fix it!! Only reason i keep it its `cause i paid for the licnse.
I downloaded it and it worked will the first video that froze on my samsung galaxy s 3. To bed seems as though it may have been good browser.
Doesn't work on RAZR with ICS update.  Don't bother if your a RAZR owner.
Takes Too long to load and also crashes frequently.
the skyfire app crashes and freezes my phone for about 2 minutes every time I open the program. Video key just buffers the videos for about 15 minutes, then says `oops, we cant play this video.` I have reported every crash (over 25 times and counting)  along with numerous reports of the video key that I wasted $5 on freezing, not playing. and I have heard nothing back from the skyfire team, I want a refund this version of this product is worthless and so is the company that produced it
I down loaded this on my HTC desire and Toshiba thrive and both had issues afterwards. Both would crash and both would delete app icons. My phone ringer kept switching to silent them would not let me switch back. If these problems are not fixed by deleting this app, I will revise my review.
I give u 1 star for speed. Other than that it does not work. Video buffering freezes at 50%
This browser would actually be a really great browser. EXCEPT it crashes every time I go to it. NOT once in a while, or a couple times a day, but EVERY TIME I go to another app, and come back to it, it freezes and then crashes. Getting so annoying, I'm gonna have to stop using it. :-(
Loved on Galaxy SDo on gingerbread. Now I'm on a note running IcS. It crashes-literally- every other time I I use it.video screen comes up, but video never buffers.  When I it was free, it was great; now that I've paid, it blows.
A stock browser on HTC is way superior to this junk. If you'd like something fancier go for Dolphin. This one is rediculous, though.
Wont even open. Force closes automatically. Back to dolphin I go.
Epic 4G Touch running ics. Long time user, but the phone freezes up every time I boot the app. Please fix ASAP. I'm getting tempted to switch browsers. Back to 5 stars when fixed!
Its just a regular browser. I added the part to watch vis and it doesn't ever even work. Needs allot of work. As if rite now its trash to me.
Lame pop up every time you go to another page. Video is free almost everywhere. Cluttered environment. Alas the best browser for a wannabe iPhone.
Crashes the first time I open the browser everytime...HTC one S
It was working excellent for almost 4  months....nd now m nt able to log in facebook....my profile page is not displayed...uninstall...
Won't let me open new tabs/windows in Google search, just copy/paste. Please fix.....Thank you!!
I have a Galaxy tab2.  I want to apply to jobs on dice, but when I select "select file" on the page nothing happens.  Useless to me.
Too bad
after sprint official ics 4.04 update on galaxy s2 epic 4g touch it freezes/crashes everytime it starts up.  please fix.
Was good when I had my droid x, on my rezound it keeps force closing. Doesn't erase the history even after you hit the erase history button and keeps loading up the last page you where on when you restart it. Also the constant spamming of the video player message after the free trial ends gets annoying fast.
Crashes from time to time. And always asks to give it a review this is my 15th review Could be a samsung fireware problem
Others are way better
The video player thing telling you to buy the video service is $@0$&@%&
Crashes every time you open it, whether directly or through a hyper link in another app. Just stops working.
It isn't compatible on my phone, but I got it on it anyways through bluetooth. Haha :P
Maxthon browser for tablets is free and far better with no pop ups. Uninstalling now!
New user, tried it for 1 week.  I'm annoyed that it asks me to buy the app. Every time I load a new page.  Uninstalling.
The very first video I tried to watch didn't work sorry not suported. Tried it with dolphin and it worked fine. Uninstalling. Glad I didn't pay  ICS user
This used to be a good app, I've used it for years and it had its little bugs here and there, but now it doesn't even work. It has a constant force close ,black screen and it also freezes my phone(s2). Fix this app , please
I have a new asus tf300t, installed skyfire latest from play store, everything was working well, but now I have 2 issues   1st issue is with vidoes clicking the video icon does 1 of 2 things   It will either say no video found, yet same url on my htc desirehd plays fine on skyfire   It will restart skyfire   2nd issue is going into settings restarts the browser, I have tried clearing cache, uninstalling and reinstalling skyfire, restarting the tablet   However nothing seems to fix these issues, it's getting kind of annoying now.
Always crashing
The only prob im having is viewing videos in full screen.  Epic4G fix it and all will be cool.
HTC vivid constant crashing
Crushed the first time i tried to view flash video, uninstalled right away
It crashes multiple times a day with the new ICS update. Going to start using another browser.	Really good browser, been using it for a couple weeks now. HTC EVO
I have problems loading my anime and keep getting a error message.
Totally like on the desktop.. great app!!!!!
Judging from other posts from s3 users I would hazard a guess that skyfire does not run on this device. Oh, and good luck getting a refund.. I just want my money back if it doesn't work....
Used to be a good browser but hasn't been updated in over a year and crashes all the time on ICS and Jelly Bean. Pretty clear sign this app has been abandoned. Goodbye Skyfire!!
Used to be a good app but it crashes on start up every time
Buggy and slow
Video does not work after buying license.
I have tried to enjoy skyfire. I find it slow, laggy and annoying. Like I said, after testing it out twice I got the results.
Crashes constantly.
Toolbar has got to go.   I paid for this app therefore I shouldn't have to look at a toolbar I don't want to look at.   Please fix and you'll get a customer back.
Piece of Sh_t ever since Android Updated my phone software. crashes twice on startup.
Did not work on my HTC Sensation.  Could browse for only a few minutes before it would "unexpectedly close. "
When will you guys support the nexus 7
It kept crashing....othwise the features are good..
Works like a desktop browser but crashes on occasion
Full of ads.
Bad browser for Droid RAZR Maxx with Ice Cream Sandwich. Continuously crashes. Uninstalled.
I am getting a new one
Has crashed over half the time on every phone I have had.   Worst browser ever.
Was great. ICS made it horrible. Force close every 3-4 minutes. Moving on to something stable.
This used to be a good app, but since the upgrade to ICS, it crashes every time.
No flash support as claimed.
NO UPDATES?? Since 6/2011?? Hey what's going on with your research & dev team? A lot of $4.99 you guys have received not to update. I use to love skyfire it was my fav browser but not I feel fogotten! ;(
Samsung galaxy S III. uninstalling.
Keeps crashing!!!  R u going to fix this anytime soon? If not I'm deleting.
Used to love it. Could have even gotten past the whole pay thing for video (although thats why i started using skyfire initially). Now it constantly crashes since i updated my razr to ics. Uninstalling...
Unless an update is coming soon the video function is useless to me on the Bionic since it errors everytime. UPDATE Still not working on the Bionic...
This app crashes constantly since my OS update to ice cream sandwich. I've sent a crash log every time and no updates to fix this thus far. Sucks. Uninstalling.
Crashes constantly
Crashes a lot
Stucks always. Never works for me.
Didn't work any video on any site. Tried all sites starting from youtube to pornhub.
Not worth my time if the application keeps crashing. Uninstalled. Used to use it on HTC desire hd.
Its kinda slow at times but way better than the default browser. The fact that it crashes alot keeps it from getting 5 stars.
I don't want this browser anymore. The constant "which app should handle this" is too annoying.
Why should I pay to view videos. And it kept crashing. Uninstalled Transforner Prime 201.
Used to be so good. I was an early adopter and used this loads on my sgs. Bought the video plugin when I upgraded to the sgs 3, but sadly the video plugin hangs whilst downloading the video. Please fix it!
Constant fc on open
Had it before the gay trail was added to the app and now it won't let me use the video unless I buy it >=[
Browser is very nice, but since loading ics this product continues to crash. Sent report,but no feedback.	This browser has been super. Easier to use and more functionality. Highly recommend.
Dosent play video any better than other web browsers and they want you to pay for it . Trying to find a wed browser that will play 4od videos but this didnt work and it want work  on itv or 5 demand. Galaxy s
doesnt load pages at all that standard huawei browser works mostly on.  even google search takes longer
Used to be good, but crashes constantly now. If I go to the home screen, and go back to browser, crashes.
Its almost like a real browser on my phone, but it needs to be tweaked a little bit better so it wont slow down as much or foreclose
Always does that in ICS galaxy s iii
I used to use this application a lot.   I recently reinstalled it, but it seems to not allow me to change any settings, like the toolbars, and it will not allow me to even save a bookmark.  Maybe it's because I am now running Ice Cream Sandwich.  Very disappointing.  I am uninstalling it.  DROID RAZR.
Got android get sky fire great app
For example, if a text field is at the bottom of a page (ie, Facebook comments), you can't see what you're typing because it's covered by the onscreen keyboard and/or spelling suggestions.
was great now bullshit wondering if it is that I have a Android 4.0 icecream phone please fix asap
uninstall it bcoz of it keep pop out to block the screen partly n asking to buy full veraion after the video trial expired, so disturbing...
I use to love this browser for its free video functionality. Every time I upgraded OS's & phones it would still remains free as I was a "long time user". Not so with my recent upgrade to the galaxy s3, which does not make sense as video functionality is now supported in ics. Why pay when I don't have to? Skyfire is gonna gonna be history like the dodo  if it does not change this is ridiculous and frankly unsustainable income model.
Piece of junk. Everytime a page would load the app would prompt me to buy a video service. Very annoying and made it unusable
Crashed as soon as I installed it. Slow.
Used to be free, deleted.
It crashes almost every time I use it. Galaxy Note.
Installed only to post how many wont forget how crappy Skyfire treated the very customers who MADE Skyfire a known name and known browser.    The moment "iphone" hit the market, Skyfire threw away its current customerbase like a red-head stepchild with no connection or support and jumped on the "i" - bandwagon  Uninstalling now.......
Video stops buffering after 1 or 2 %. Worked fine on my old desire. Standard browser works ok so it's not my wifi.
Unable to seek/resume and only 3 days till force pay for video.
Just downloaded it and got to where it says sky fire is free, but I have a trial period where I will have to purchase a feature for smoother video. Immediately deleted it.
And there are WAY too many buttons along the bottom. I have to PAY to view video? Did I read that correctly? No flippin' way. Uninstalled.
Used this browser a while reinstalled os now wants 5 bux for video support...go pis up a rope
It forcloses every time I use it.. Its really annoying... hasn't  been fixed so gonna have no choice but to uninstall.
Shuts off all the time, then when you get back on you have to load all your sites again.  It's a piece of crap.
Ridiculous - uninstalled.
K
Did I just get charged $2.99 for having the toolbar forced on me during update?
amazing
Sometimes crashes at start. But over all great performance.
It looked promising on my Xoom tablet till I tried the bookmark button..it went to the bookmarks for a split second then popped back.  Same thing happened when I tried the settings menu.  Too many other browsers to bother trying to trouble shoot this one.
Crashes-cannot make settings changes
This was my favorite browser for years. Since Ice Cream Sandwich, this app crashes every time. I have sent numerous trouble tickets in and no has fixed it. This app has know been removed from my DROID Maxx.
This app blows will not play xfinity videos just keeps loading
I don't know what's wrong. Its just starting to randomly force close now.
Use to love this browser, but i upgraded to a razr and is says i have to pay for video. I kept it because of desktop view, but with new update it freezes every time i open it. Uninstalled.
Don't waste your time, I can't do anything with this without it hanging and/or crashing. On Iconia a500 running ICS.
Even thought i didnt use  it i didnt get the trial
uninstalling
Was excellent, now with the constant video popup and the fc, not worth using.... maybe I'll check back in a month, but honestly, once I've moved and gotten used to something else, I don't often leave it....
Does not read arabic correctly,uninstalling
Rip off, paid the 4.99 and nothing changed. You have no streaming or live video. And freezes most of the time.
The damned app won't even load pages. WTF am I staring at a white screen?? LG Esteem
Why even use this? It ain't faster or safer. Hell it runs on top of the browser you already got. It slows it down... eats your battery... so what's the point??
A 1 for the pop up making me rate this crap
To much clatter maybe for some of you this browser works as it suppose to I on the other hand I find it clatter not worth my time it crashed every single time I clicked on the bookmarks button
it is the slowest browser
Worst browser period
This app would be a 5 star app that I would pay for, if I could just fast forward.
On my old phone it worked well and the video capability was free. Now that I got a new phone I have to pay for the same capability I have been using for 2 years for free? I was an early adopter of this app and was very pleased until this gypsy swap when I upgraded my phone. "Free video support for early adopters...as long as you never buy a new phone, ever, because if you do then your long time support means nothing to us and you have to pay" Lame. I'll go with the Dolphin browser. To hell with this app.
Constant crashing with ICS. Uninstalled.
Video player doesn't work on droid razr
Worked on epic 4g ( galaxy s ) Frezees on every video No response from skyfire tech support
I use to love this app. Now it force closes all the time, video player (that I paid for) keeps giving a media error message. FIX OR I WILL UNINSTALL_!_
Keeps crashing, sent many notifications to the devs...never got a response or noticed a change in performance. Uninstall, sad when your stock browser outperforms alternative apps
Browser sucked along with the video player (which i paid for) that only worked a quarter of the time seriously unhappy.
Love it....
Horrible nd it makes ure phone slow nd glitches it!
Uninstalled
force closing on Galaxy S II, Ice Cream Sandwich.
Crashes more than it works.
Say up front its $4.99
Desktop youtube will not work no matter whatt. Keeps reverting to mobile.  Lame
To just try start browsing was painfully achieved. Dont see how this outperforms opera. Haf lag to even type the keywords in google.
Was really good app till it kept shutting down every time I wanted to log back in. No longer useful
Now constantly force closes and gives me a pop up on every page to buy the upgrade
When I click fullscreen. It turns white than crashes the whole browser. ICS 4.0.4.. plz fix
Works very slow, find some other browser
IPlayer and 4OD dobnt work. No good to me.
would be a great free browser except for it pops up window asking you to purchase extra features EVERY TIME YOU SWITCH PAGES.
As soon as that started, uninstalled it.
I've used it for a while because it became a habit back before the stock Google browser had flash support. But honestly this thing has been a buggy pile from the get go.   It freezes up, force stops, and lags lot. It takes 20-30 seconds for sense to load after using it. The screen gets stuck sideways frequently, requiring a force stop.  And now every time Iclick a link or load a page it asks me to buy the video service! Making browsing next to impossible because I have to close a dialog box every 10 seconds
Video function not working in my galaxy s3 but galaxy mini working fine
The video thing kinda sux, it'd be great if it would allow you to pause or play the vids.
I just accepted the terms and started facebook setup on DX. It crashed after displaying the FB login screen. Crap, like facebook doesn't already cause enough grief I don't need another unreliable app.
This thing is all sorts of buggy. And after a couple days you get annoying pop ups every minute reminding you to purchase and you can't watch any sort of video until you do. Don't bother.
It lags and freezes alot.
Keeps freezing every time I select text. Samsung 3s
Fuckd up
Just spent 5 dollars on the video app my phone doesn't like it doesn't work at all error message 100: 00 droid razor
Does NOT open every time I open.  Uninstalled after 2 months.  Never has had an update.  My reports have gone unanswered.  VERY un happy!!!
The video player sucks and does not have a rewind or fastforward! Not worth it! Do not buy!
Always crashing and lags when watching videos and when downloading as well. I was try it first before you purchase
Got to rate before I use it, strange if you ask me
keeps crashing
I have an LG Optimus and it won't play any  flash videos for me:(
Okay, I could live with a message that shows up once in a while when you open it, but this browser after 3 days will tell you about an 'expired trial' (that you never had the choice to decline) for one of their other apps EVERY TIME YOU OPEN A PAGE. It's like the same popup on every link you click. I think this app doesn't even deserve a single star for badgering users into buying an app they don't want by effectively disabling one they did. I hope you're happy with yourselves Skyfire.
Was halfway ok, until I installed the ICS update on my Razr Maxx. Now even more force closes, goes crazy when you try to bookmark something, etc. Hope it's fixed soon, or it's uninstall time. It does the same thing on my husband's phone, he already uninstalled.
Unistalled it after I opened it the 1st time. Told me I had 3 days left on my "trial" of the video features. I don't do trials.
Couldn't even open after installing
Title says it all crashes all the time needs update for new OS.
nice interface but not able to access "settings", tab. it would flash open then close, not allowing changes. contacted support. heard back and tech asked what version, phone, etc, and ALL that info was in the original email  replied to. uninstalled immediately.  tried software again about month later, same result.  does not work well with nexus s ICS.
I have used skyfire on this device for almost 2 years and have always been able to play videos until I recently cleared my caches and skyfire started telling me my trial was done.
Keeps crashing all the time
I had to rewrite my review, because with all these coming updates, this browser is getting slower and slower. The amount of features are plentiful but all of them except 3 are not useful because they are impractical. The skyfire team need to pick up the pace and get back on track or they will be swollowed by newer browsers. Firefox and chrome are coming. Opera mini is still the fastest, flash and video functions are becoming common and there are faster browsers then this.  This LAGS during text input!!!!!
Rotton to the core browser. The featured sites section is useless and you can not change it. Must be how the developers get paid. Sluggish browsing and the feed back button in the settings section simply shuts down the browser. Uninstalling this junk right now.
Last update terrible...so unstable.Crashes every time I open browser...then every 5 mins while browsing...sort it out!!!!.....why fix things that aren't broken in first place???? Bloody useless!!!
Crashes often and videos don't load.
Crashes often and videos don't load.
Awesome app
I have used sparingly.  Will probably uninstall.
That sucks just dl app and it tells me my 3 day video trial has expired...wtf :<
Uninstalled!! Don't bother downloading this app unless your going to purchase the video license. The popup pops up every other second.
It's not working anymore in galaxy I Samsung indulge
Forced to rate before being able to use!!!!!!!
A shortcut tab for exit to get 5 stars
Pages dont load with refresh every time its slow and kicks me off
Crashes many times. Why do you make this crap. Slow really irritating, no shortcuts. Totally waste of time. Uninstalled.
I just installed it for 1 reason. I wanted to see a video that would not load in dolphin. First I just wanna say that IT DID NOT WORK! Second I used this for the first tired today; and the "trial" was expired and it reminded me every page I went to. This is a waste of time that they expect you to pay for.
Used to be better.
It works good but only if don't do anything else. If i go to my home screen and then come back to skyfire, it has force closed, losing what i was doing. It does the same thing if i get a phone call while browsing. I go back to skyfire and it has force closed. Very annoying. if you have ICS, don't waste your time until they fix this.
I am an old customer with new phone HTC one s. Was great on my desire, now keeps crashing and asking to buy the video feature. Thinking of changing browser. Unhappy.
I loved this on og droid but now on razr all video ends with media error 100. Please work with Motorola and fix it.
Very bad and dull
Was a loyal fan, until receiving update to ice cream sandwich on my galaxy s2. Now it's just a bother. I will be randomly downloading this app until I see it back running smoothly on my device.
Hate apps that nag for a rating! Enjoy!
Bought video license,thought will be great,ended up regretting,skyfire crashes CONSISTENLY
Y pay for features that other better browsers offer for free
Sucks
POS after updating to ics. Droid RAZR
I also had this b4 you had to have a video license.  Too many other browsers do the same things for free.  So no, I won't pay for a video license key.
But now it keeps begging me to buy on every webpage. Please get rid of the pop up.
Now I have two android devices. One needs payment and the other has none. I find it quite unfair
Went from 5* to zero.  Pop ups were amazingly annoying. WOW
it keeps popping up asking to buy every 15 seconds..
This browser was great in the infancy of android.  But now it  is just crowded with useless features that android natively performs.  And the upgrade beg for useless video feature  is pathetic and annoying.  Try Dolphin instead.
Really buggy on my new device it stops by it self without explination... Really bad experience
Great App Period
Kept crashing after ice cream sandwich update to my galaxy s2...failing to load program.
CONSTANT messages to buy premium! Not going to so stop. Loved this on windows mobile but sucks on android.
I refused the video feature 20X in ten minutes of browsing. I'm hanging up now!  Uninstalled.
Video pop up asking for money every 3 seconds is annoying. Every 3 seconds isn't even a joke either.
Fail
It was cooler than my stock until I googled how to make my stock view full websites. Now this has nothing on the original. Always force closea, and constantly nags you about buying the video add-on. Absolutely horrible!!!!
I downloaded this because i had lagging internet. This was supposed to  be better. Now i can play any videos and when i click  on a link it opens a new page that says 'Blank"...Really? I avoided it for a long and gave it a try. Uninstalling!
After 30 seconds I got pop ups telling me I had to purchase the full version.
Don't bother. Crashes too often.
Slow, very ugly and clunky UI, the only reason I downloaded it was for video feature now they want you to pay, I miss the old version
Since ICS freezes like a mofo
Wow, I thought the chrome beta was buggy. Installed this and don't think I've had a single page open without it crashing. Removed and lesson learnt.
This app crashes all the time and also will not open new windows. Very disappointing. Using on Sony tablet.
is not a "free app" 5$ to watch something that's normally  free? no thanks!
On Ice cream Sandwich on Samsung Nexus.
So far its been the fastest and most user friendly browser for my evo, and you can have up to eight sites open at the same time.video is good.
I got the Galaxy S 3 yesterday. Now during video play when I expand the scream 2 full size all I get is a blank white screen when I exit out of  full screen the web page I was just on is now non responsive I have to completely exit out of apps and relaunch it. This used to be my only web browser now it sucks.
It's bad business to charge for FREE item! You need to provide more information.
Stppped working on my phone
Pop up every second wants me to buy videos.  No thanks. Was a great browser but sucks now. Avoid it
Now I have to pay again, uninstalled
Cashes every other minute and 10 % of the time will it actually play a video
I Was hoping u don't win but CoNhRaTzzzz ... This Is The Worst Browser I Ever Used .... Annoying .... :@
Completely garbage app. Makes u pay for something that is free everywhere else. Don't waste your time with this
Nice browser but need to be develop.  WE want to new updates for performance, interface  and fix bugs... When I watching video on browser, browser is crashes and giving force close errors. Very sad.
I have been forced to do this by the app
Downloaded this and a screen just pops up constantly nagging me to purchase it. Don't waste your time.
This app used to be brilliant, but doesn't seem to work on ICS. Have switched to Dolphin HD.
Very good application.
The video feature falls flat on its face. Hulu instantly detected it as Skyfire and clicking the video button brings up a stupid error saying Hulu doesn't support mobile platforms. Duh! That's why I was trying a different browser!
Why popping up all the time? Pay for a browser with others 10 times better and for free? Crazy, someone?
It doesn work at all. its useless. not even a single page can be loaded,,, um still searching for a suitable browser
keep bugging me so i rate already ok suckafish!
I love this browser. I've been using it for over a year- evo 4g, galaxy s2 and now switched to HTC EVO LTE and crashes every other time I open it. Please fix this!
Freezes my whole phone! Video play back lags! Quality is very poor! Do not install!!!!
I downloaded it, it told me my trial is over. I just download the G D app...would've gave no stars but it can't be done.......
Unnecessarily cluttered.  Interminable pop ups pestering you to pay for video make it unusable.  Uninstalled.
This used to work flawlessly. Now it does not load.
It doesn't work good. tried to watch web cams and it closes ! It sucks
Was good on my EVO 4G, but now every time I open a new page one my EVO LTE I'm harrassed for the video key, which I don't want or need. Also, it crashes every time I open it and has to be opened a second time. Please fix this to get that rating back up. I'll be uninstalling until then. Bummed.
This application constantly freezes on my Sony x 10 makes it very irritating to use uninstall!
This is for suddenly stopping support for winmo 6.5 so you could use all your servers for your Iphone users. This really showed bad faith and annoyed me when I had my HTC Hd2. Well I'm on android now. Hello! Enjoy your one star
this used to work great on my Samsung gs2 but now every time I click on a link it just goes to a blank page. maybe its something i'm doing wrong but it doesn't seem to happen on any of the other Web browsers I have tried. uninstalled.
Fucking irritating as shit. Dolphin brower FTW.
...and now I have to buy all over again, deserves less than a single star!!
I thought my phone was messing up when Skyfire popped up its stupid "Buy Me" bubble every single time a page was loaded or refreshed. It's a shame to see what was (very easily) a top 10 app resort to sub-standard marketing tactics. I can't wait to uninstall this app now.
Used to b a great browser - my favorite - but lately it's super slow and unresponsive. Uninstalled n switched to opera.
Bullshit now that you have to pay
Good App works on most sites with Flash...
Pop up beg is frustrating. Originally skyfire said it would be free for life since I installed it while still free. I guess they changed their minds. Still, the browser is great besides the video beg.
Foreclose Foreclose Foreclose Uninstall!!!!
Keeps crashing all the time. Every time I open it, it crashes. Use to work great on my EVO/EVO3D bit now I have the EVO LTE it does not work well at all
Rubbish
Used to love skyfire...  now every page gives me another chance to BUY their stupid video service...  NO... i said it 15 times already today... now I'm uninstalling this bloated sales pitch filled garbage
Is this a joke¿ Will not even launch on my phone running Gingerbread. My tablet running Honeycomb crashes while running the app. Wife‘s phone running Froyo crashes on launch. Ugh. Now looks like abandonware too. What a mess. not updated for a year? Don't even try running this on honeycomb or ICS. What a joke.
It does not work like it used to. All I get is error messages.
Just a waste of space now... Maxthon,Opera and dolphin have all been updated consistently.  Its been a year and no update.Skyfire has lost momentum on Android .They don't even respond to emails and the support forum is a joke.
Use to work perfectly..... Now, nothing unbelievable. Takes all day for status bar to load and when its done page is still not done.
Use to work perfectly..... Now, nothing unbelievable. Takes all day for status bar to load and when its done page is still not done.
I hate it. wont even direct me to links, like when I click on a youtube video link, it takes me to the youtube homepage. same  when  I click on a twitter link when I want to follow someone it takes me to the homepage. no different than the default browser, only its worse
Waste of data... Don't install.. Its similar to my galaxy ace browser.. Gonna uninstall it!
You have to pay 5 bucks for it to do the number one thing people want it for? Play videos.  They shouldn't call it a free app anymore.
I downloaded this after Dolphin went crazy with a previous update.  At first I thought maybe I would just 100% switch to Skyfire, but it is just too slow and unattractive.  Now that Dolphin seems to have fixed their problems, I'm just uninstalling Skyfire.
Took the app off. Got tired of continually having to select no thanks every time it asked me if I wanted to buy its video feature. Annoying.
The software offers a free trial to video in nuilt downloader then after the trial expires you get contant pop-ups.very annoying.....
It "worked" but didn't do what I had hoped for.
Very disapointed that it doesnt work on htc
Didn't play video, only redirects me to their blog which isn't there... don't waste your money!!!!!!!
Needs slot of work, pretty slow
Thanks for being an app that can run Reddit, but you get a massive boo for force closing every other time I launch. That's almost as annoying as the E.T. game for Atari. On top of that, every time I Google search, you give me stuff I didn't search for. That's a double win. I had you on my last phone, but, baby, its time for me to move on. You were the love of my network, but I'll look for something better.
Every time I've used this over the last 24 hrs it just closes randomly in the middle of ne doing something!
other browsers work better like opera mobile etc.
I had Skyfire on my last phone . I even had the free video from being a early user . I figured I would try it on this phone . I dl  it read about the 3 day trial for video playback an the first one I try to play not five minutes later an it tells me my trial is already expired.
I'm sick of this piece of crap constantly crashing on me every time I use it!  Until they fix this problem with the crashes, I definitely won't be using it again in the future!
Keeps crashing :(
This browser is crap without the video. Had to redownload the app on a new phone and the video is a pay feature now. Uninstall...
App keeps force closing. Its a POS on my Galaxy Nexus
App keeps force closing. Its a POS on my Galaxy Nexus
Grandfathered into free video... Then I upgraded my phone.
I hates thiis ape
Way better than ie!
I like it so much it is my default web browser.
I was an early adopter who used Skyfire as soon as it was released on every Android phone I had these past few years. Upgraded to a new Samsung Galaxy and suddenly I'm constantly asked to pay for full functionality! Uninstalling after I post this. Someone else will do the same for free soon enough.
Blu Nokia
It keeps crashing, since ice cream sandwich! Please resolve
Dont bother with this.
App forced itself to be default browser on samcap froyo. Phone will run no other browser, even after uninstall.
I had a free video license on my m860 for being a returning user.. Because I paid for the app on the phone I broke which was another m860. Now I have an upgrade to the m860 huawei 1 which is the huawei 2 . I tried using my old email to get my video license back an they wont give it to me :/ im not about to pay again.. Ima uninstall an instal again next week. If I dont get my license back ima take them to court for fraud
Trial..
This soft more good than chrome
Don't even think about getting this unless you plan on buying the full version. Otherwise it won't stop hounding you about buying the video function. Annoying as hell.
I had skyfire when it first came out & it was awesome & I stopped using it for a while because I didn't watch vids on my phone but I try to use it now & all it does is ask for money constantly &vids load slowly.uninstalling it
I remember how you dumped your free version and millions of customers just so you could jump here and beg for money. $5 just to watch video on your browser, when all other browser are free? Lame. I'll never support this browser, ever again.
Dolphin is far superior. Less intrusive interface, not nearly as laggy. This takes roughly thirty seconds to pull up a non mobile site. The video playing takes even longer. Once again, dolphin.
Used to work fine and now it freezes, force closes and the videos don't play when i turn my phone sideway to play landscape mode, please fix this
Anoying pop ups , uninstalled
It's a nice browser but when you start it, it force closes.... Sent them the error report and still no fix.  Motorola Xoom W/ICS
They lie and tell YOU it supports video then you have to buy a separate license to view video
Would have been a great app if they wouldn't try and sell video page search every page you open...
Using a droid x2. It runs a lot slower than opera, and the constant ads for the video l license popping up got annoying fast. Very disappointing browser.
I first used this browser when the video option was free...then it switched to being free for Verizon ppl. Now I'm forced to buy the key? This used to be a good browser, now its greedy with little change and its still cluttered. Uninstalled!
Very laggy and choppy,  uninstalled and just went back to using the stock browser.
Buggy
ek dam faltu
Forced closed after a few mins on my samsung galaxy tab 10.1...uninstalling
Prompts you to rate it before you've had a chance to use it.  Really short trial period before it forces you to buy the full version.  There are better browsers so do yourself a favour and avoid this one.
Keeps asking for money for video and pathetically pop ups that keep showing up in the status bar. Please stop and make those enjoying pops go away. Thanks
Make this app better.
You cant turn it off with the current version and it makes every single page feel like it has a pop up ad blocking the bottom of the screen.  What a shame.
I really like this browser n I've used it for a few years on my original evo... But now dat I upgraded to the evo LTE it crashes 8 out of 10 times... If the next update fixes I'll give it 5 stars again
I heard about this browser and I thought I would try it out supposed to get 3 days video I could get 1 video to run properly at all. It just a browser it doesn't work at all
It was the best browser for my phone since it dosent support flash. Im not going to pay five dollars for something that I was already using for free.
Pop up to get you to but video features. Uninstall.
I was an early adopter bought a new phone won't transfer video license keeps asking me to pay for a another one.
I was an early adopter bought a new phone won't transfer video license keeps asking me to pay for a another one.
changed my rating, ive tried unistalling and reinstalling, but most pages take 2-5 minutes to load, yes ive timed them. I dont like the fact that the bottom tool bar keeps popping up even after i clear it. The whole reason for me getting this is to watch episodes on the main networks, and skyfire is not compatible with them. Even on the videos i can watch, there is no pause button.
Nice......try once
I like this browser, its a lightweight too, what i like best is the ability to view full sites by default, mobile enabled sites are usually semi functional. Im increasingly annoyed with the freezes that result in forced closes, and it often wont download video files from the net.
Slow and unresponsive. The constant begging even after you buy should be a crime
No updates... SkyFire must have forgot about Android.
Tried to watch a short 3 minute video and repeated crashed :\
Tried to watch a short 3 minute video and repeated crashed :\
Annoying rating tactic
Garbage: funnelware takes you into their ad revenue stream instead of where you want to go.
I don't pay when something is free and especially when it doesnt work properly. Don't waste time or money.
Excellent browser never lets me down!!!***update***I was very happy w this browser I was one of the few waiting for a good browser w flash vid playback now I have to pay to have vids? Shame this is not the only browser w flash support now nearly any browser can do it and those annoying popups trying to force me to link fbook acct...I used to love this browser but u had to turn greedy... I better stay w dolphin HD. *Dissapointed*
Read the title
sigh. uninstalling.
I have a coby Kyros. bottom of the barrell in tablets i know that, but this browser was slow. the built in browser had no problems i just wanted to tery another one and it was a BIIIIIIIIIIIG disappoinment. For me its a pass
Don't download nuff said
But now webpages scroll left by themselves making it impossible to read without constantly re-adjusting. DROID X
Whenever I wanna add a new Favourite skyfire FC.
Keeps asking if I want to purchase video content EXTREMELY annoying
Everything is great but im sooooo sick to dath of that godforsaken pop up asking me about buying your video key. Once when I open the brower would be way more then enough.
Force closes every time it is used on my xyboard. Great concept but completely unstable. Try again
Begs for upgrade every 30 seconds. Uninstalled.
Worst pop up beg
Can barely use it anymore, use to be an awesome browser but now all it does is crash all the time!
It worked fine on my previous phones (G1, G2, and barely worked on MyTouch 3G slide) But Every since I upgraded (Galaxy) and bought the license, it no longer works.  It's not worth it.
Go and update la!!!!!!!!! Always crash!!!!!!!!! Stupid app!!!!!!
Sucks
Your forcing me to review something I haven't seen or You can't get to the next page to be able your app I don't appreciate it so I gave You 1 star. If you would have let me get further Into the program I would had giving you a higher rating
Pure crap. Doesn't even support flash content. Still need to install flash. And using Facebook in this browser was almost impossible. Too slow.
Its ok...
Works well
Was great a few years back when it was free on my q9c. Now, no thanks. Uninstalled promptly ...
Thats i want good software
dont bother buying the video thing. it sucks. everything else about this browser is okay i guess
I hate it
Lame to pay4
I take my five stars back...begging me to buy this buy that
Great first impression there fellas. Couldn't even manage to open Reddit. Asus Transformer.
llg esteem run slow
It's constantly freezing now or not opening pages. Often takes me to a blank page when I Google something.
It keeps popping out the message to buy the version in order to use the video function. Annoying. Going to uninstall this app!
Browsers should be free
To many dam pop up's about getting the paid version. Just let me browse the web
Joke!
Why does anybody use this one? Used to be good. Now it sucks. I've uninstalled forever. Too many good browsers out there to pay for this garbage.
And there is no option to unlock it with ny acount. The developers are stuoid if they think im going to pay twice
Anoying
Total garbage
Constant, intrusive begging for purchase of video made this browser unusable. Uninstalled.
Used to be a good browser now video not working because they want you to pay...will uninstall now....you can get better for free
Paid for the video license and the video feature stopped working. The fact it's been stuck at 4.0 for so long says it all. It's been abandoned and they're concentrating on  iOS
Grr.
Nothing but annoying popups about stupid video bar
Constant pop ups, degraded video quality, might have been ok a couple of years ago but not now.
Popups ask you to buy license almost to the point of harassment.
Please fix almost every site detects you as mobile in desktop mode now making this app useless junk.	What happened newest patch caused the screen to constantly reset to the left top I can't barely type a message on facebook anymore htcmytouch 3g slide
Skyfire has a license key that costs $5 to activate certain features, yet it has not been updated in almost a year.  All other major competing browsers - Dolphin, Opera, Boat - are completely free and ad-free, updated frequently, and far SUPERIOR.
Pop up is too annoying. No I dont want the paid ad-on and I dont want to be asked about it every two seconds (literally).
Not paying for your video services. Will re-install when you bring it back for free.
browser is garbage! have to pay for video playback? negative go play in traffic
After upgrade to the version 4 of the android,  the application crashes after every use! Extremely annoying!
Several times  Iam made to pick a option via play, tweet, or like on facebook. This feature is annoying for a mobile user
Very good
i have free video on this handset...was good but all it does now is keep crashing.
Crashes all the time causing phone to freeze
Not support flash videos..
For forcing me to review your app, you get one star.  Not cool.
Forcing to rate and promote.. irritating..
Really liked it during 1st week. Didn't have time to really explore during 1st week and thus delayed sending $ when asked. Now it crashes whenever I try to open it. Not worth putting any more time into seeing if the video support or anything else is worth it.
Too late to update.. This app is ancient
Always crashes on 1st run then will work on 2nd try, annoying. Running ICS on Samsung galaxy s2
waste of time rubbish
waste of time rubbish
Not worth the headache...uninstalling. crazy browser!
Wanted to try some other browsers besides Opera so downloaded this and dolphin. I opened it and saw the message about video support. I have to pay? For what soo many other browsers do for free? The gall of you people. Ill have you know I didn't even bother to try your app because of your video license. Get your crap together...
Since a few updates ago it keeps crashing over and over again. Been waiting for a fix forever. HTC Sensation
Great application that crashes too frequently to be used. Apparently the bookmarks button is the force close button...
Get the video licence from blackmart its free.
It won't show the pages after clicking on links.
I loved the app till I received android 4.0 update. Now it forces close all the time.
After having it for over a year on my cliq my phone died so I got another cliq and now they want to charge me to be able to see videos, NOT!!!!!
Crashes every single time i open it on samsung galaxy s2. After crash freezes whole phone for anything from 10 sec to 2 min.
This constant back up made me see this awesome app turn to schit. Kinda sad about it too.
would be a five, used to work fine on lg optimus t, now on the Tmobile Samsung galaxy sII video playback will not work, phone supports flash videos but i prefer to watch in skyfire due to lack of 4g coverage area. skyfire plays videos better than flash due to reduced bandwidth, but playback no longer works. fix this rating will be 5 star.
"wanna buy video?  Huh?  Huh?  C'mon, buy video." STOP NAGGING ME!
Firstly ... They told me it was going to be free but then.tried to force me to buy the video function...they went back on their word... Secondly... They've Fucked up the browser quality and it doesn't load pages properly....I use an HTC EVO 4G and I know my phone loads pages properly and effectively.
Doesn't work with the Galaxy Note.
:( shouldn't have to pay for video free on Google half the tome don't play	Have to pay for videos after upgrading my phone :(
I put 1 star today cuz I rated u three times I want to get on my browser and look at stuff not be FORCED to rate u again grrr
As smooth as sandpaper now. Was awesome on Windows Mobile 6.1 and early versions on android. Now its just another piece of crippleware that will never be installed on any of my devices ever again.
As soon as you open the browser it will ask you to buy a video license constantly. I understand they need to make money but I installed and am never going back.
0 stars. ASKS 2 UPGRADE ON EVERY WEBSITE U VISIT. totally unusable. Don't Download !!!!!!!!!!!
I retract my previous statement the videos when tapped on plays then stops even with the video license... The video license didn't work at all total waist of money I used to be a fan of skyfire but after sending them two email and no fix byebye back to dolphin hd
Is a very good app
Dear developer we don't want your paid video service. So, please don't pop up that every now & then which is making the browsing very annoying.
Ok
Pita, cluttered, can't disable he options bar at the bottom.  I had the best of hopes, now its just another thing on my do not install list
Only good thing about this app is that it streams vids. Everything else about the app is pretty annoying. So when your trial is up, and it stops allowing you to stream videos, it's useless
A popup kept on telling me my video trial period had ended. As in, every time I went to a new website and sometimes many times on the same website. "Yes, I know... no, I do NOT want to buy for the 8th time in the past 10 minutes." Annoying. Lame.
Changed my mind much like some others I was an early adoptee but I got a new phone and quite frankly the pop-up begging me for the licence can metaphorically stick its self where the sun don't shine. . Skyfire's own demise
Works horribly .
Video Freezes when buffering video
Most user interface unfriendly browser. You guys must hire new usability expert.
Can't play videos after the update anymore.. Even though I have the video license
The app has been abandoned... DON'T bother guys
Horrible app... and whats pathetic is that it was great years ago when it was in beta, now the useless devs have slowly ruined their own product. Very sad, glad i had a beta license and never had to waste $$ on it.
Buy, buy, buy, buy,,, I don't wanna friggin buy. Th vlbrowser is nowhere near dolphin
ALOT OF BUGS, FORCE CLOSING, AND NO UPDATE. UNINSTALLING UNTIL FIXED. ) =
.
Lots of features, very quick, intuitive, never crashes.
Lots of features, very quick, intuitive, never crashes.
I downloaded this app because it said it's specialty was dealing with videos. Not only does an obnoxious ad keep popping up when you use the "special video function," but every time I tried to see a video on The Weather Channel, I kept getting a Michelin ad because of the way the ad for buying the video license kept getting in the way.  That's no way to find out whether or not the product is worth paying for.  It was SOOOO annoying, I couldn't even be bothered to try out the rest of the brower's features before I uninstalled it. Most important reason not to buy it? If it can't play the videos on The Weather Channel, it's not that great.  At least on my Motorola Photon.
Needs update for ICS!"" Lots of force closes!!
Developers should get with the times. Personally I think hungry developers eventually kill older developers. I loved skyfire back in the days of windows 6.5 it was the only mobile browser that worked as a desktop browser.  However, today, I am using droid 4, and I am yet to find a browser that works better than the stock browser. I have downloaded opera, firefox and skyfire. But skyfire is the most annoying since it requires you to pay to watch videos on it.  I guess it may work for those with tiered plans ... I have unlimited, so I guess this is not my cup of tea.
So damned annoying about the video crap. I said no thanks, so stop popping up!
Just stop offering to buy the video player.... Its annoying..... SUCK
Very slow  And very annoying browser I've ever use Please don't download this kind of application
Loved it on my evo, but on new s2 samsung it is just junk. Can't believe so many problems with other s2 as well.  Have a lot of force closes and videos don't play even with the add on application. Please fix now developers.
Now it just crashes....plx fix it...just sucks
I use to love this app...I had it in its early stages...but when I got a new phone instead if my transferring over my now im expected to pay for it....nah ill go without it...unistall just used it to watch videos or certain sites
Lame app the video use to be free
Fails to work on the HTC one x
Droid has flash... What's the point for a bloated browser?
Stoooopid pay for video pop up (every 10 seconds)... Aaaaaaargh! This app can do one :O
It used to be good now it is unbelievably slow and force closes all the time  I cant even use it! Uninstalling now.
Flash works decently!! Would buy if I could. Keep in mind the three day trial seems to work from midnight to midnight. I began my trial just before midnight and no countdown was actually shown, so I thought it based upon 24 hours. Not true. Don't expect it. It also seems to claim three days as two midnight periods as a reliability. I may be wrong, and it may not work this way for you. It seemed to work this way for me. Regardless, it is one of the few that claims flash that works wit Samsung vitality! Sgood
The worst feature is that after the latest update whenever you browse the web and leave the phone for a min it resets back to home page. What a stupid idea. Also crashes often and has trouble displaying full pages like yahoo mail. No real way to force desktop view. For example google always opens as mobile
Any app that keeps asking me to rate, gets 1 star.
Despite latest download this still does not work with BBC Iplayer or other vid sites. There are also control issues and despite raising a ticket with the developers and chasing them over the last 4 weeks they haven't even bothered to respond. Poor indeed.
Despite latest download this still does not work with BBC Iplayer or other vid sites. There are also control issues and despite raising a ticket with the developers and chasing them over the last 4 weeks they haven't even bothered to respond. Poor indeed.
Doo doo
Way to glitch, shuts down repeatedly,  won't show video,  "stopped working unexpectedly " all the time!
Pathetic  browser .keeps crashing. Contacted the support team and got no response.  Bad
I have used sky fire since windows 6.1 it was the only way to get video to work, so when I got my new Razzr went ahead and paid when asked. Not one video has worked since, save your money, don't pay!
Don't get it
was the best browser I've used. Now all it does is time out and force close.
The incredible annoyance level of the video nag screen popup prevented me from trying any other features. I uninstalled after approximately 3 minutes. Don't waste your time.
Had to master reboot
No video play fast only searching and searching. Unnecessory file open.   not work as youtube remote.
it crashes alot....please fix.....cant even press a button and directly it closes....poker face
now is garbage. t mobile galaxy s 2
now is garbage. t mobile galaxy s 2
Uninstall it
With so many websites having the stupid popups for ads, a popup blocker is a must. This browser has the option, and all it does is fill a check box, not block any ads. No thank you.
Nagging for $ only gets you deleted.
Dolphin plays loads more video. I uninstalled Skyefire as it is just a waste of memory.
so annoy
Has nothing other browsers don't have apart from intrusive social networking integration.
Everytime I click a link from a different app (email, zine, etc.) Skyfire tries to open but crashes. I'm sick of it.
I dont want your stupid video player but it keeps poping up. Was a good app till you guys got greedy just cause i dont want to pay for your wack vid player doesnt mean you should make it pop up every min.
All the nagging about video make skyfire unusable. Uninstalled. Stick with dolphin & opera
Pay to watch videos????? Bananas...
Doesn't work with galaxy nexus and/or android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.  Crashes like crazy, literally unusable, uninstalled same day I installed it
When are you skyfire going to make an update to play media such as videos the skyfire license is a waste of money. Do not deserve any awards in 2012.
Dont believe the hype. Trial only for default features. Swithes to portrait only without asking...
Uninstalled opera much better
I have had this app for ages and as a thank you It has always said for being an early user video was free to me for the life of my phone. well today i get told I have to buy it.    why bother slow and choppy at times  think i will just delete and move on
Since installing the new Android 4.0, Skyfire keeps displaying error messages and crashing.
.u get a new phone or reset it and they want u 2 pay again no way it was crap any way
.u get a new phone or reset it and they want u 2 pay again no way it was crap any way
A pop up comes up everytime i get to a new page. Asking if i want to buy an expired video thing.
Negative
Constantly FCs
This is the worst app ever, videos have extremely poor quality and now they don't even play. UNINSTALLED!!!!!!!!!!
Can't find videos in some pages.
Don't download this browser . It's better to download PUFFIN BROWSER. which is free and with better features and we can stream video there....live
Takes longer, no good. sucks, not a big difference between stock.. Stock is mush faster
Video toolbar asks for money on every single webpage and can't be removed - unusable
What's with app makers removing functionality.  Used to have the video thing free. Such garbage.. just gonna restore my old version instead of keeping this crap version on
Insanely long eula. I hate legalese. lame video license. stock browser works as well & 4free. There are better free alternatives out there.
I was looking for a good browser for the tablet. Gave Skyfire a try and the stupid popup saying trial period is done and wanting me to purchase a premium service that I will not use every 1 minute is annoying and disruptive.  UNINSTALLED
Works.........sometimes. Always closes
Was awesome until that video pop way to annoying uninstalling
I still get force close when I try to acces my bookmarks. I use a I9001 with 2.3.5. and I have allready sent you a dousine reports. Pls fix.
What was free on my other android phone now cost money? No way, I'm removing now
Its da best....browser
Need This function   Uninstall program  Don't like FEATURED SITES showing
nothing special. the push to upgrade to paid version is too much and too annoying
I dont know im able to comment but I have a bionic and I can't download this app "error 941" lame
when i open video window audio is there but no video please help. i have motorola atrix 4g with screen resolution of 540 x 960 pixels, 4.0 inches (~275 ppi pixel density). please fix that.
Stock android is better than this crap.
Lol...reminds me of old AOL days or something. Very annoying for a popup to ask me to pay for video every other page I visit.... even if there is no video on the page. Uninstall. Get Dolphin, much better.
don't waste your money
This browser can sense text boxes on webpages better than the others on the market. The only down side is the constant pop-up for the video player. They want to annoy you into buying. That's why this browser will only be my last resort instead of my main.
Hi. Videos is not getting buffered in ice cream sandwich.... Please fix this
It keep crashed all the time, upadate please. Motorola XT5 / Nexian Journey
Asking to buy the full version, uninstalled
Asking to buy the full version, uninstalled
no update since JUNE 2011!? that would explain all the crashes and freezes.
no update since JUNE 2011!? that would explain all the crashes and freezes.
Crappy programming
No Silverlight streming support
Was great for a couple days but once the trial is over the pop-up to buy the vid addon starts non-stop.  Uninstalled.
One of the worst browser. Better download Opera Mobile!
Worlds great
furthermore, I think it is not designed for tablet
Started doing things automatically. Very annoying.
Takes up too much screen space. Malfunctions. Having trouble uninstalling.  Bewary of this ap
If you don't pay for the video feature you don't get it, plus every time you go to a page,an anothing window props up asking if you want to buy it. There is no way I'm dealing with that
One star for constantly nagging me to rate your app after for pay the video rights fee! Bad business move!
Very slow
They want you to pay for the video deal...I did not pay for It...so they start blocking webpages...you are sorry....might as well say It s not free.
Video optimization is broken on my new Android Samsung galaxy S II, no support received. This is for paid version. Used to've very good on my old Vibrant phone... A shame!
It does not work on my galaxy s 2 WTF !!!!!!!!
It does not work on my galaxy s 2 WTF !!!!!!!!
It does not work on my galaxy s 2 WTF !!!!!!!!
I paid for the full version so i could see videos.  I can't see any videos.  (Except youtube, i could see already!) In conclusion, you suck. Refund!
Start flipping when scrolling web page.videos always pops up.WORLDS SLOWEST BROWSER!! Its a complete WASTE OF MONEY?
zero star..uff
Also keeps flipping to a blank screen when scrolling through pages. Uninstall until fixed.
Pop ups for videos constantly. Doesn't load pages. Uninstalled.
Cant access 4chan. Why?
Easy to use
You have to buy it now? F u.
This is a horrible app, it WAS working good THEN it started forceclosing EVERY TIME I get on..
I would like to see a browser that is as good on a TABLET as it is on a desktop system.  Tablets are not phones.  There is enough real estate on the screen; there is no need for all these compromises seen on the Android browsers.
It sucks donkey balls. I'm uninstalling this.
Video upgrade nag screen is ridiculous. Will pass on this one. Update...no more nagging. Plays Flash well, fast with nice interface. Now 4 stars.
Was good, but now every time I browse a new page the annoying popup comes up to buy the premium video or whatever. Very annoying! Uninstalled
The interface isn't the greatest, but this is the best Android browser for viewing flash videos and other media.
If you make a good product FORCED RATINGS ARE UNESSESSARY
i purchased the video plugin but it will not play my photoshop training videos.
I have moto ATRIX 4g I m facing video problem .when I try 2 play any video audio is there but no video . My mobile screen resolution is 540×960
Wut is up with it the last few weeks....it wont even open!! Seriously?
Ok but seems to have trouble loading pics or even video.
Often turns off automaticly.
The worst browser I ever used even  uc browser is better than this
BLOODY ANNOYING Unknown Certificate Error n Force close!! "N" times anonymous crash log had sent out but doesnt change at all! Disappointed!
I have an Asus Transformer, and just want to be able to watch my network shows. This app does not work with Hulu, Xfinity, or ABC. The Transformer's stock browser plays ABC, and it plays CBS better than this app. While the Transformer won't play NBC, this app will only play it haltingly. Plus, the app force closes often.
The popup crap sucks, takes to long to get where I'm going
I got this program thinking it was faster than the stock browser and was familiar with the company. Turned out to be expensive and once installed, never worked on my Asus transformer. Just kept crashing!
You have to pay just to watch videos
Used to work great, not sure what happened, just get media error 100:1. Droix Razr Maxx
What they neglect to tell you, is after 3 days, this browser wants money for licensing fees or key components are disabled.
Locks up and crashes CONSTANTLY. No way to exit other than mininize or task manager. Controls scroll with page. And like every other browser that cannot function right, does not go back a page when back arrow hit. Needs 2-3 taps everytime.  How hard is it to get a functioning browser on this platform?
Oh..its a trial..not free
unstable, no flash support, no adblock support.
Its used to work but not anymore galaxy s2
What was the point of this app its said i could stream from video sites but it was a big lie
On galaxy tab - wow... W
I remain at Opera scrw u guys I'm going home
Constant fc and pop ups every couple of minutes asking to buy the license.
Desktop setting does not consistently work. Several websites show the mobile version despite it being set to Desktop. Also, annoying popup all the time asking me to buy video upgrade. I am choosing another browser.
Rip off dont install.
Punishing those without a flash compatible phone bad devs. Unistalled
Video default action is set to download, too many toolbars, hardly any real functions. Worst browser I've used on android.
Overall just another browser without working flash
Absolute crap. Can't even play youtube videos. And it force closes way too much! Too slow. Too many pop ups. I do NOT reccommend this app. Seriously.
,
Skyfire, i dont want to buy your license, quit popping open the bubble every 30 seconds for me to buy it!!
Skyfire, i dont want to buy your license, quit popping open the bubble every 30 seconds for me to buy it!!
Had free version and work great on my lg optimus. Phone had to be replaced due to mfg defect. My new phone had to download app and now I  had to pay. Didn't mind paying, but service sucks now.  I frequently get force close or can't play this video. These are same web sites that would play under the free version. Can't wait until get income tax refund to buy the lg esteem phone that does not need skyfire like my optimus since adobe flash not avaliable on the optimus for download.
It does what It's supposed to with minimal crashes. Ok by me!
I installed this and then decided to try out the video feature, but it says the free trial is OVER. I just got this TODAY. Fix this please.
The hype about this browser was it's video feature which is atotal failure.
Slow as molasses. Opera is still better. Uninstall.
Worst browser ever. First of all it's so slow. Second of all most of people (like me) use this browser because of the ability to watch videos that need flash player. But it doesn't work for lots of videos. It's worthless and useless.
Video expired within 10sec of opening it for the first time, dolphin HD, even chrome is better than this
I got this for the video feature...now it wants me to pay...there are other browsers that have video free...buhbye now...
too many crashes/ fc.. uninstalled
Sick of this browser switching over to US results. I'm in the UK!!!! not a particularly great browser anyway as I don't want all the extra link rubbish at the top and bottom. So frustrating so getting rid, CANT WAIT FOR CHROME BROWSER! Less is more
Popping up constantly to buy full version. Video notifications would not turn off.
A mobile web browser that doesn't allow scrolling and doesn't display mobile websites properly? Really?
For the video it keep loading plz fix that problem
Hadn't been doing on my new phone so I thought it was a problem with my old one, but every time I try to go to my history or favorites it force closes
Annoying message to upgrade coming up to upgrade after trial
I'm choosing this as my default browser on Galaxy S II.  Fast & smooth - it just works.    I took 1 star off due to the forced rating.  I had already given a 5 star rating previous to new forced "feature" - take it off.
Excellent browser
This app was the first best video web browser in Android. Now, it stops working on my phone LG Optimus V since the update. I feel that I waste my money.
Slow and no video trial means I hae this POS. Uninstalled.
My default browser loads pages 10x faster than this crap!
video won't work on myTouch 3G it showed me a dialog that video is 3 days trial but it was only three minutes and it showed me that my three days video trial is over [i didn't even used video feature :'( ] and when I tried sending feedback (located in setting) application crashed >:(
Pretty good, except the video popup becomes highly annoying, uninstalling
Dumb. Too many polyps, not full featured.
Sorry but I'm not paying for I can watch videos  from your web browser. See ya.
Good
Omg i never thought that i could get flash but now i dont need it!i was just about to get a new phone until i got this.GREAT BROWSER but theres a few bugs here and there
Sucks
Works good on cricket score although it does have force close issues
Saying trial period is up and asking me to buy a license.  The app is difficult to use because of the pop ups that seem to occur on every page.  Plan on deleting app and finding an alternative.
I don't really like the look and feel of this browser.  Won't load flash pages without using the video function which prevents me from using functions and controls.  Uninstalled galaxy s running ics .
Used to work ok, now keeps crashing on Samsung SII.
Also crashes and isn't compatible with my galaxy nexus keyboard. Horrible browser.
Used this browser for two minutes and found three bugs.   1. The search bar had been defined as a URL input box rather than a text box.  Using Swype, the spaces aren't automatically inserted - like in a URL box.   2. Tapping on a Google search result scrolled down instead of going to the linked page (?!)  3. Google "xbox live gold" and click on the first or second result - get an error page. Not the same on Opera.  Performance pretty poor too.
Has this window that keeps asking you to rate it, so there you go.
How many times do I have to say NO?  I don't want your videos!  Every other screen, a pop-up wanting to know if I want to buy a vIdeo viewer add-on for the browser.  No. No. A thousand times. NO!!!  Take a hint will ya!
Using the 3 day trial. Haven't been able to watch any video through that supposedly great feature even with a very strong internet connection. Don't think I'll be paying for the license key.
Keeps popping up with video trial expired. Bookmarks cause force close. Boat Browser is better by far!
Couldn't open any sites at all. My phone doesn't have the crap default Android browser, maybe it use it? Then this is also worthless. Try Opera Mobile instead.
Videos dont load worth a crap, and i have the free trial video...
Keep that 1 minute trial for you
wot use of trial if vids only do sound but no image. desc said otherwise. needed something to play streams, didn't work, remove. sgs, eclair
wot use of trial if vids only do sound but no image. desc said otherwise. needed something to play streams, didn't work, remove. sgs, eclair
It was good, now u have to download a license thing for $3 so now its the shittest browser for droid and a massive ripoff. UNINSTALL!
Have tested a few browsers - there's no video that won't play. Don't need your compression technology or the the annoying pop-up reminder! Fix it!
Used to work fine, but recently video has stopped working. Browser is slower than every other I have tried.
Seriously asked me every time if I wanted to upgrade.  Unistalled.
Dosent work
Just downloaded it for the first time and was told my trial for video had expired. Never used it.Deleted the rubbis
Slow and rubbish..no better than android
Annoying video popup every time u open this thing.. Also my sense 3 keeps getting restarted when i close this browser. Uninstalling
Its stable but free version has pop ups to purchase with every web browser. After I got 5 in 5mins asking to purchase video lic I'm deleting. I already have flash on my cell.
Cannot use on the sites I want.
Y should i have to pay to watch videos on my phone when that's what the app claims to do for free. Stupid BATE N SWITCH
Highly recommended!
I liked skyfire until it kept asking me to rate it.
Asking us to pay for the flash video plugin is a step too far. Dolphin shows videos for free.
Was very happy.  I was an early adopter and it was good enough, it simply did most of what I wanted it to do, now with a new phone I am supposed to pay. Video not working very well now. The pop up beg is extremely / unbelievably annoying and I am sick of it. Do yourself a favour and don't bother.   Uninstalling it now.
Very annoying and unresponsive. The video player works 15% of the time
Most of the time it freezes. Try and watch a football match, you can watch it as snap shots with stutering comentary. And I bought the licence key :@
Force closes the first time you open it and when you select any links from a search page you get nothing but about:blank
Why pay for a video service when the G2x doesn't need this to play videos!!!! I uninstalled this as soon as I saw that I'd have to pay after 3 days of use! Will install again after this flaw is fixed!
Such a slow browser. Web pages take 3-4 times longer to download. Sharing options are negligiblefor photos using hold screen options... Overall a very poor excuse for a web browser. I would liken it to using an iPhone... Über gay
Was charged twice for the video  license and was not given a refund nor does the number they provide work
Keeps saying no video found on pages where there are videos
Was a good app until your video trial expires... Going to uninstall pop up on every page to buy the video app is annoying!
Pay to view videos? What bullshiat is this? what other mobile browsers demand payment for native h.264 video?
Sounded like a great idea. But these guys are not native. If I had an iPhone, the Flash player would be cool. But I don't have an iPhone so, well, what's the point? Doesn't seem to do what it says it's supposed to do so I don't see the point of abandoning the integrated Android browser. I guess that with the free pricetag you get what you pay for.
Slows phone down drastically I've had 5 different phones it  does it to every single phone. Speeds pick up once I uninstall. Its this app
This app sucks on my galaxy tab like wtf it just shuts down for no reason what a ball rash. I keep sending error messages to them but no help booooooo
Stupid video buy me crap pops up every 5 seconds. Dolphin browser way better
This application crashes and crashes.... Wait for it there it goes again it crashes... When it works its by far the best...please fix
Freezes, force closed, advertisements every 5 seconds to buy their video garbage.
Downloaded and installed and tried logging into Facebook through the browser not the crap invasion button at the bottom of the screen...crashed and burned 4 times before I uninstalled. Waste of time...
Updated Droid 4 to ICS - select text function crashes browser, can't copy urls in the address bar, crashes randomly on re-open after coming out of sleep mode, crashes when reporting feedback. Buggy in current state, cannot recommend.
Can't disable lower or second top toolbars. Always pops up after page loads and makes web page bump upwards, usually ends up making me click the wrong link
Keeps crashing!! It was fine before, not sure why it keeps crashing now
Use Google Chrome
Often force stops with ics on galaxy note. Its been like this for months with no fix even though error reported frequently! !
After installing and opening I realized that this sucks! Not faster and just plain dumb.
Recently upgraded my GS2 to ICS and this browser is nothing compared to what it was... I'm really dissapointed...the browser is constantly freezing & force closing. I updated my OS and obviously want to be able to use my browser like I used to do with Android 2.3 OS. I'm tired of sending reports and see no updates...If this is not fixed I WILL UNINSTALL...
Bad UI and slow.  No updates in over a year. Dolphin or Opera is much better.
This did alright for awhile but now it freezes up and crashes and looses my data.
Free version worked better. Some videos that would download no longer will under paid version. I think once they have your "loot", they take away features.
Crashes every other time on launch on ics galaxy nexus been like this for awhile. Please  fix for 5 stars.
Well, its average. They have to make our free
Will not use and will uninstall because of video popup asking to buy....   u claim this is a free browser , but if I have to pay for a service that I don't want or use just to get rid of an ad that's in the way of me actually using your app,   how free is it?
Was great before but now with evo 3d updated to ice cream it f#@%!&$ sucks!!! Force closes constantly.12x a day at least!
Need major updates crashes, freezes
that's all
Forces close Wont Download Anything....
Absolutely admonished this app on my epic, subpar on the galaxy s3...unsure where the disconnect is, but I've been having an easier time using the factory browser. Deleting...
Was a great browser, now crashes every other time I open it, and also has extreme difficulty playing videos full screen.
Seems to crash fifty percent of the time. Doesn't work well with facebook - resorted to installing the facebook ap - and thats pretty bad. Uninstalled it!
Xoom...can't type web pages in address bar and hit enter' forced, to use all the defaults tabs difficult to do the simplest things.......it moves fast
Hangs a bit, and frequently crashes on my Asus Transformer. Video feature leaves a lot to be desired and is NOT worth paying for. I guess the search continues for a decent Android browser :-(
Ok
always crashes since i installed... was an awesome browser when i used it on my nokia 5800 earlier
A functional browser.   The social media toolbar is annoying as hell and completely useless when you don't subscribe to any of that crap.  The browser continually prompted me to buy the full version for video functionality.   Uninstalled.
Have to remove, close and reopen before they disappear.  Can't mass delete them and new ones say they're added but never show up.  Not worth the hassle: Uninstalled
Works great during free trial.
Was five star on older version of android, but crashes continuously on ICS. Uninstalling until crash issue resolved.
Crashes every other time I use it on my HTC one s.
This does worse than original browser installed on phone.  Screen doesn't auto-fit.  Popups don't self center and everytime I load the browser it gives me an error that says it needs to foreclose.  Deleting today, it's not for me.
Closes and gives an error almost each time I use it.
Unable to copy url from toolbar
Upgraded my phone and now I have to pay when the service was never all that great in the first place. False advertisement is so pathetic.
Not stable
Used to like this, but now every two seconds it asks me if I want to buy so I can watch video. Frickin no, for crying out loud...
Before my DROID RAZR updated to android 4.0 I loved this app. Now all it does is crash and give error messages when attempting to view videos. I can also no longer copy/paste from the URL bar.
Probably the worst UI out there. Makes you pay for crappy flash streamng. Go for another browser
I always had video on my old phones for free. When I downloaded this on my new phone I no longer get free video and the mandatory toolbar pops up every few seconds saying buy video license to watch videos. I don't need or want the license. So annoying I'm considering uninstalling my favorite app.*** update*** uninstalled! Could no longer stand the buy video license pop up. They should just call the video license fee an annoyance removal fee!
It sucks to me...can't view pics of FB. Keeps saying blank page
Ok but average features, cumbersome interface, ugly design, slow. There are better browsers such as Dolphin out there.
Doesn't work now with 4.0.4
App is worth while if you need to be able to watch videos and dont have adobe flash player.
Keeps forceclosing on every other page on Motorola Atrix HD. Please fix!!!
Not very useful. Hangs and crashes.
Every time I switch from this program to read a message or take a call and then try to re open it it crashes, so annoying
Ever since ics update it force closes constantly and doesn't work like it used to I almost never use it anymore
Crashes all the time can't delete bookmarks dolphin browser is a lot better
I wish u could play wooz world on it
On gs2 with ics sucks it get  freeze and has to close it and reopen it
Sorry. Glitchy glitchy glitchy. Primarily deceptive, appearing to load page fast for the first 99% of the loading status bar then gets stuck at the last 1%. Wouldn't load pages fully after waiting and when u realized it stopped loading, there's no readily available refresh/reload button and the toolbar for the special features keeps popping up that u click on it accidentally.
Force closes far too much which is a real shame as I love this browser byt Im going to have to uninstall it.
Crashes everytime I load on galaxcy s3 android 4.0 worked great on my old htc please add update to fix thanks
All it wanted to do was crash on me. What it did load, it did fast but I'm not going to deal with constant freezing and crashing.
It force closes everytime I click ok the bookmark menu button. And when I click on an Instagram photo link it doesn't move or adjust or allow me to move the page around to see the full pic....HTC EVO 4G
I'm a long time user of skyfire. Been using it ever since the Droid X first came out. However, on my Galaxy S III all it does is crash when launched! It works every once in awhile but for the most part it crashes. Will be uninstalling until they work the kinks out.
Prefer opera
Worked great while on Gingerbread and since I upgraded my Galaxy Note to Ice Cream Sandwich it crashes all the time and streaming videos no longer work
It was the best way to watch American content that is region restricted, as sky fires video server is in the USA. The video function was invaluable. The browser itself is cluttered and average and both chrome and dolphin hd are clearer, quicker, and more intuitive.  No longer worth keeping.
Works fine but has no EXIT button...kinda hard to back out of a secure site...please fix this !!!
Fast browser....but often crash when reopened....
The video purchase popup keeps coming up every time u open a page that has video on it, this is really, really annoying if i say no once can that be it
Need update
I don't know what's wrong. Its just starting to randomly force close now.
Previous rating was a 4.5/5, latest release is crap. Will try again at the next update.
Seems cool, but I only dowloaded to access my hulu account - and it can't.
Not worth $5.00
I loaded this app to my Samsung 10.1 tab and I love the way its laid out, I love how fast it is.  But from the time the video trial expires, it will interupt your use of the app every two mins, even though you said no to purchasing. I really don't want to uninstall it, but every single time I open the app, it force closes and then open on the second time.  I have reported it several times, uninstalled and re installed and it did the same thing.  If these two issues are taken care of,  it would definitely be a 6 star app.
Worst browser period
Loved this since my galaxy S1 days but now that I've upgraded to Ice cream sandwich on my S2, it crashes every time... Please fix!
Installed on my HTC Flyer.  App clashes almoat evrytime I used it.  Eeds more stable support.
Seemed nice until I experienced ab-ends navigating from links in some emails and rr-oprning after watching movie clips on a site. Hoping it's not typical, but only just installed the other day and the ab-ends have been several. Had to clear app's cache to be able to use the app after the movie clip incident.  2012-07-14: FCs on first attempt to open. On second try it works. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0. No folders to organize bookmarks.
Always foreclosing what's the point of sending in crash updates if your never going to fix it
Crashes everytime. Sends error notice out upon launch. Shares history w android browser. Evolte.
Crashes constantly on HTC One X if I switch tasks. Was perfect on Desire S.
Chrome makes this already flaky app look like IE6!
:)
Keeps force closing on my tablet...
The developer needs to review Googles ICS UI guidelines. It looks so clunky and bulky, and there are so many things that get in the way. You can't be efficient with a browser when the interface gets in the way. Chrome, dolphin, even the stock browser excels where this one fails
Crashes on Xoom all the time. Did this with HC and still does it with ICS.
Crashes on start on ics
I love the browser, but there is no way to disable the video plugin tool.  After your trial expires, the tool nags you to buy it every page.  This makes the whole browser useless unless you can actually afford to buy the plugin.  I would have greatly preferred to just turn off video support instead of being forced to say no every page.  Uninstalled, using Dolphin HD instead because  this app effectively became a trial of a 5 usd browser.
Force closes at least once or twice every time I open it. works well when it works but is too annoying to open.
Does not work well with ICS, please fix! Used to be best browser period, not any more.
Great app for video streaming
Uninstalled b/c of the constant pop ups to upgrade video when I don't even watch videos on my Droid bionic. Visit one page and I get the video upgrade pop up, I close and about 5 seconds later it asks again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again till I closed and uninstalled it.
Love everything except that there is no exit button. I hate pushing the back button on my phone until it finally gives me the chance to exit. I would delete the apparently if it wasn't for the fact that it enables me to download things I can't with other browsers
Having problems using it with ICS. In need of a major update.
Streams videos well. Flash takes way to long. Almost instant video start up with Skyfire video service. Licence fee was totally worth it.
No way to fast forward a video or advance it? Bummer! Like the concept but it hangs my photon and seems priced a bit high. Rev.  7_12 now bombs a lot
For some reason video is suddenly terrible. The pause button is gone and the sound is out of sync.
No videos work. Blows.
I have the paid version. Since my phone updated to ICS (android version 4) it does nothing but crash ALL the time. Very annoying and considering uninstalling!. Sort it out ASAP!!
Constant force closes. Time for something else.
I'm not paying to watch videos
Used to work great. Now videos won't play and I can't copy urls. Google results bounce around and a lot of links are ignored and make you click on nearby links. Droid Bionic.
This browser worked great for months...now, I keep getting annoying requests (over and over again in the same session...it won't go away!) To buy video licensing (which I don't want). Also, for no reason, brownser closes my session sometimes when I click on a link and closes all active windows (even if there are only 2 or 3 of them). Bummed!
You are going to intergrate my booksmarks with androids default browser? I don't like import my bookmarks into other browsers!!
Works fine a browser, but refuses to play flash. Robbed of 3 quid!
Every single page had pop up about buying video key.Not every other page, EVERY page. I guess my 'free trial' (which I never used) suddenly expired after I had to reinstall this app post factory data reset. I do not want your freakjng video key! This coulda been my fave browser but uninstalling now :(
Not convenient.its more interested in asking wat u think of it rather than actually jst performing.
I've used motorola's stock browser, dolphin, firefox, and opera and this is by far the slowest
Been using Skyline for over a year now. Initially it was fab but then it decided to crash just way to often. Not only that, it locks up pretty often too. Time to move on
Asus transformer tf300
This program got to a point where it functioned pretty great. Now I find that it is getting worse. Zoom only works when it wants and desktop mode doesnt display websites half the time, forcing you to switch to android with half the functionality. What's going on Skyfire?
Skyfire rocks
I like the speed of its video download. Perhaps the developers can make it more stable for ICS, it.should easily beat other browsers easily
I used to like this browser. But I have had many problem's downloading stuff, so now I use CHROME.
Really like this browser but im really tired of the "about page" popping up every time I click on a pic!!!
Just as the title states; the app force closes if I try to open the bookmarks.  It used to work, but I guess that is one of the things they "fixed".
This app is pathetic, the "options menu" doesn't even allow for the "about:debug" perameter which I was trying to use because their load as desktop feature which is the whole reason I downloaded this all barely works, there is also no way that is obvious to me that I can type anything in the address bar with out having it come up on a Google search first then going to the site from there. Every time you go to a new site a pop up asks you if you are looking for video NO!
Constantly fails to optimize properly, video does not load in most cases
Does not work proper on ics firmware on galaxy s3 needs an update.
I really wanted this browser to work.  I liked the layout but it was not any better with videos than a stock 3.2 browser. It also crashes a lot on my rooted Galaxy 10.1 Tab even though I'm running 3.2 right now. So far the best browser is Chrome when I'm running an ICS Rom.
Went from the Evo4G to the EvoLTE now skyfire crash 3 out of every 5 launches.
just download video license from snappz market or blackmart alpha for free
Works ok...but it seems like it has been abandon.  No updates for almost a year.  Has some problems
Great apps
Started out wonderful, soon became incredibly annoying and laggy. Went back to standard browser, just downloaded dolphin, hopefully it's better!
It's a great browser when I had it on my prevail but the video doesn't work on my ZTE warp... It just keeps on buffering and that's it...  For the ZTE Warp, I have to rate it a 2 but for my prevail, I'll give it a 4 (slower than other browsers but good with video)
Needs slot of work, pretty slow
Great idea, but not yet functional. I'll try again later, and hopefully outit will be able to display more than about half the pages I view...
It's been way to long since an update and is becoming less and less usable..
...but now it just seems to force close way to often. I switched to anOther browser and though it is early, it seems to work better.
this app's biggest marketing feature is that it is supposed to be free and support flash video. what the developers neglect to mention is that the one big feature of flash to HTML 5 support is merely a trial and doesn't last past 3 days. this app gives a misleading description and thus wastes a potential user's time who may be searching for a truly functional browser for his or her android device.
Extremely slow to start up, crashes a lot. No thanks. Used on a
Sorry but pay for video watch is sick, when all of the browser are video free.. 
When u will have to buy whole app.... 
It won't look so silly...
look at the last update date... u suckers update ur browser and fix sum bugs...sumtimes force and hang when switching the tab... and i recently update my s2 with ics.. and now its getting more suckkzz... i cant play videos now with video service on my ics s2... skyfire was my favorite browser...but its become suckk >:O
Used this browser for two years, just got a new phone and now wants you to pay for the video support. Very disappointed I am uninstalling now...
Good app,
You cant turn it off with the current version and it makes every single page feel like it has a pop up ad blocking the bottom of the screen.  What a shame.
FC every time on CM9.  Nagware about the 4.99 video license is ubiquitous and annoying. Opera Mobile now does everything I need, so g'bye!
Crashes everytime I try to  open it
Nice......try once
Beyond expectation, really excellent
If this cost why are you rendering me mobile sites HTML is already supported on android and iPhone so I think i would be a great idea to render desktop view first
I've been using this app for few years. Over time it became worse. The most annoying thing is that video pop up that keeps asking me to buy it every minute! Installing.
What to say here.. the functionality of this browser isn't as smooth or unique as others. Plus you have to pay $5 for its only cool feature. I'd perhaps pay $1.. it's an uninstall for me guys. I think i'll use a browser that's, i don't know... good.  Who do you think we are.. most videos on the net now aren't even flash based anyways. H.264/AAC (html5) play perfectly in any browser! Thanks for exploiting one of google phone's claim to fame... <sarcasm>
What to say here.. the functionality of this browser isn't as smooth or unique as others. Plus you have to pay $5 for its only cool feature. I'd perhaps pay $1.. it's an uninstall for me guys. I think i'll use a browser that's, i don't know... good.  Who do you think we are.. most videos on the net now aren't even flash based anyways. H.264/AAC (html5) play perfectly in any browser! Thanks for exploiting one of google phone's claim to fame... <sarcasm>
Browser apps produce varying results on Facebook. This was the worst I've seen. Dialog boxes' buttons were nearly impossible to 'hit'. Enlarging the screen image (pinch-to-zoom) made major portions of the Facebook UI (like the dropdown menu containing 'logout') disappear from view and dragging the window didn't bring them back. Enough was enough - uninstalled it. (FB's Android app is buggy and is missing features. But at least it works. Well, most of the time.)
This browser constantly freezes for the video trial pop up. If it werent for that it might be ok. I used the video trial & there were never any videos that worked on this broser anyway. What a joke!
Got the new Samsung and more I got pay for the video b.s.
Too bad it has some probs
Stop harassing users with that annoying pop-up to purchase up grade for video. We know it is the free version and obviously have no intentions of upgrading after the 17th prompt. Annoying.
Please get it to notice more than one video on a page, keyboard jumps when typing in landscape mode, in the address bar. Evo
Very slow. Add mobile view of web pages....!
I've been using skyfire for over a year and loved it at first - now for some reason it crashes almost every time I open it. What happened??
It would be a good browse if the buy now video thing would stop popping up every time i load a page
Pop up every time i load a page
Locks up often have to force quit to get it to work again screen gets stuck in sideways view almost impossible to copy text all around bad. Wish I hadn't bought
Whenit works one of the best on android market, Problem is it rarely starts properly. Have to initiate at least three times. Good with embedded video, if you can overcome other problem
I bought the full version so I could watch videos. It plays a couple seconds then freezes. You cajt even pause and wait while it loads because there is no pause button. I am deeply dissapointed
Seems like every time I go to another app and go back to Skyfire it will crash.  Also when trying to buffer vids it seems to freeze.  On Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1 with flash 11
Many warning advertisement. I'm boring and will uninstall soon.
It lets you use it for 3 times then it blocks the videos until you pay the full version
uninstalled within the first 30 minutes of use. It's slow, hideous, can't scroll diagonally, and reminds me of the preinstalled browser that comes with most virgin mobile phones.
I love this browser but exactly half the time it crashes when opening it when on android 4.0. Please fix and i will give 5 stars again..
The reason I install this web browser because you can play videos.  It didn't work with my phone. It also slow down internet speep.   I need upgrade phone.
Crashes so much. Good about the browser is that it can set sites to automatically go to the desktop version
Had this with my original phone, but had to get the phone replaced on insurance. They don't transfer the video capability. Go with Opera or Dolphin. You don't have to pay for features.
good enough
Slow and video transcoding is only free for the first few days
Used to be top of the line.  Now just crap.
Force closing when first started on Galaxy tab. Wish they would fix this.
horrible on my asus tablet
update sw come on.
Have to pay now to use the video feature? You should of thought of that earlier because thats the only reason I kept it. Now ill just delete it.
Good that can display full website. BUT app is VERY unstable crashes a LOT
good app. but the nag screen is incredible - several times per minute. keyboard on 7c G2 unusable for text entry on facebook. use it as tertiary browser.
Really slow
The most buggy browser on the planet now on google play,say tuned for updates.
Keeps crashing
Seeing such a high rating on an app like this really makes me think they beg all their employees, friends, and family to give it a 5 star rating. The stock Android browser is much better. Don't waste your money.
A descent browser, but the fact that I have to use my stock browser to watch a lot of the videos makes no sense.. Was great while it lasted... looking for a new browser now
Works for me.  A little slow at times but it beats no flash player at all.
Worked great on my HTC sensation until os update now doesn't work.
I was a very happy early adopter (HTC Desire). On my HTC OneX it crashes a lot. Not so happy anymore
Slow      :-D
That's my only desire in a new browser
Too much screen clutter on this browser. Maybe ok for a tablet but for a phone, a very frustrating app.
Now it nags constantly about paying for their video deal
A little slow and crashes plus got to have flash player for alot of videos
Love it.
Good stuff
.u get a new phone or reset it and they want u 2 pay again no way it was crap any way
Fcing all the time since update to android 4.0.3
Its a cool browser but it force closes CONSTANTLY. Twice in the first 10 minutes I had it.
Video streaming worked great on 3 day trial then i bought the key now it doesn't do what was promised :-/ times out all the time, pretty disappointed. Glad it was only 3 dollars
Too many problems with rendering of web pages and links on pages working correctly.  Became just too cumbersome to use.
Every time I open it I get a shutdown notice, ten it restarts OK. Very annoying.
It is now charging me to show videos. Two stars.
Plays videos well but EXTREMELY unstable on ICS on both my Nexus S and my Transformer Prime.
Lags quite a bit compared to Dolphin HD. Also force-closed on a Google search. Phone: Huawei Ascend 2
I dont like it its very slow and force closes alot. If i had a chance to go back i wouldnt pay for it
It a koo it just needs to support more video sites cnt watch movies
Galaxsy sii epic 4g touch. Love the setup. But it locks my phone up.
Used to be the best, now it freezes all the time, no good uninstall, hope it is fixed
Not so bad
Repeatedly stops working !, uninstalling
see
It never loads the page. You have to keep hitting the back button then eventually give up & switch to another browser.
Verry,verryyyy slow.....need ages...
K
The worlds smartest browser doesn't have incognito mode (or f it does it's well hidden)? How smart is that.
i purchased the video plugin but it will not play my photoshop training videos.
This browser is slower then dolphin browser hd in going to go back to dolphin browser hd it is the  best one for android so if you do not like this one try dolphin browser hd.
Will force close alot now
Ok but seems to have trouble loading pics or even video.
Please make it available for Google TV
I like that it plays video so 5 stars for that. But it force closes.more than it functions correctly. Horrible app
It would be a good browser if it would stop interesting my pages. Every time j lead a new page it asks if I want to buy the video add on. No i don't want to buy it. ENt find a way to disable it either. Uninstalled now. That one little thing ruins the entire browsing experience. Its absolutely annoying.
It dont have any choice to skip rating
Every 5 seconds a pop-up appeared instructing me  to buy a video...
Very nice
Very slow on my infuse. Seems to use a lot of memory. Constant pop up trying to sell their video service. Uninstalled.
I've been using this browser since i first got my Droid Incredible. Worked like a charm. I can't say the same about the browser on my Sammy tablet. Crashes half the time. Using Dolphin HD now.
Stop asking me to rate you
Crashes when using multiple tabs, but otherwise it's okay.
But the incessant 'pay for video' pop up meant I never found out.
Crashes all the time on start up.  I have a galaxy tab 10.1 running honeycomb 3.2  Please fix
Best browser in my opinion on my evo but I've been encountering a lot of errors when using skyfire on the Asus transformer prime. I am downgrading my rating from 4 to 2 until they resolve these issues.
Still has not been fix so a blank page doesn't open when clicking on a link
The video license pop up irritates me. I'm deleting this. This app is getting worst by the minute. I dont recommend it. Try opera or dolphin for a browser
Wegmans in suspenders
Not like I expected, needs less things... the makers need to allow it to still be simple yet advanced.
Not a fan... slow and frequently crashes...
Even though it is advertised as the best browser for android, it is worse than standard ICS browser. Chrome leaves it in the dust. Not to mention advertising. Don't waste your time.
I love this browser on my other devices, but I must regretfully uninstall it from my LG Revolution. Too many force closes.
Top app!!
Had sky fire  before and it was excellent always 5 stars but now the video expires after a few day stupid
Liked it before they added the "social" aspect.
There are better free options. Wanted to try this but the "Trial" expired immediatly after installing so I couldn't watch videos. And it informed of this every site refresh/load. Fail.
nothing but crashing right from first run after install and after. error report after error report. all other browsers tested never crashed. the initial homepage/tabs/options are most convenient for me if only i could use the app.
Era buena pero ahora no carga los vídeos o se cierra
Always show media error 1-1005
Loads page on galaxy 3 to slow,  default android search load faster, anoying notification buy video licence on every page i visited, didnt tested other features...
Keeps force closing
Uninstall
It's ugly, it's messy and it annoys the crap out of me. And tbh, I don't want to buy any app that's begging me to buy it ALL the time. Give ppl a chance to actually try browsing and not just read your spam.
Asks you to buy it every min. Stop annoying. Crashed a few times, but the buying part its horrible.
Since new update force closes everything I launch it. Samsung galaxy tab 10.1
Fails to load desktop versions of pages even when told to do so. Pages also load as blank a third of the time.
Good android browser. However, making you pay for video is poor. Uninstalled
this sky fire after download any app..not responding only..pls ..do this skyfire correctly..if you want people use your app..thx you..
It force closes and video trial pops up every single freaking time... it works really well but these two little problems BUG ME THE HELL OUT.
I like it's page rendering but always messed up on the pages I use the most
Great concept but browser randomly crashes whenever it pleases.. please fix bugs
Hope it wont go up and down whenever i type somthing
Used to work well when I was using Samsung Galaxy S and Tab 7.0, video not loading since I switched to Tab 7.7
Used to work well when I was using Samsung Galaxy S and Tab 7.0, video not loading since I switched to Tab 7.7
Dont by video licence will not open any video. I can open more video with normal browser. For nothing.
Best way to remove the preloaded "locked" bookmarks from Verizon. Only used it for that anyway. Thanks!
For a browser that I can play MMORPG's on. Sigh.
Bookmarks not working on Epic 4g original... I love the feel but ill stick with dolphin until a fix is made... :(
LOVE the browser / HATE the toolbar below. Totally wastes good space
Useless
The popup asking me to buy the video add-on killed it for me.. shows up waay too often
Not ICS compatible on Samsung Galaxy Nexus.   Keeps shutting down.
Every time you fire it up, it asks you if you want to buy a license.  I guess the trial had expired.
Nice
Because you want me to pay for something that I can get free I am immediately uninstalling this app!
Ever since the last update the video doesn't work well. Constantly skipping and sound is off. It would be ok if it were free but I did have to pay for it in the new version since I got a new phone. Samsung epic.
WAS the best browser available for android, I told everybody about how great it was; since last update, is slow and crashes constantly. Fix or UNINSTALLING
This browser crashes ALOT on HTC EVO Shift 4G. Freakin annoying. Dropped my rating, video playback does not make up for this. Switching to opera.
Realy good
Just. Shuts down all the the try ime randomly
Used to love skyfire, now I can't view a page without some popup constantly telling me to purchase the full supported app. How weak is that?
Buy a license for the video function? Too many other free ones out there.
Got addicted
It does what it says it will, but I'm extremely disappointed that there is no way to PAUSE or skip ahead or back during the video. If you get a call, you have to start the video over from the beginning. If you miss a part of the video, you can't skip back. If you have to stop the video, you can't get back to where you were so you have to start over. Even after PAYING for the full version. Pretty useless for watching full tv episodes.
Ok
Constantly force closing... is there an update for Verizon Nexus ICS OS?
Kurang bagus nih di tab ane
Keeps crashing on Samsung SII and III with and 4.0 or 4.2
Okay
Supper
I can't find the history button when it crashes
Ok, no problems. Will (hopefully) come back w. 5 stars in time
Not bad
Owsum app...but hangs in the middle... Plz fix it..
I think this browser has too much going on. Especially since my phone doesn't have a very big screen, the toolbar on the bottom or the google/facebook bar on top can be really space consuming. Another thing is that this is probably on of the slowest browsers available. My built in android browser is faster than this. If your looking for a fast browser i suggest you go for opera instead. This is more of a sharing browser.
Worked great at first but over the summer has be plagued with problems: constant freezing, force close, flash issues, error pages, etc...
It crashes all the time i open this app please fix
it keeps on hang on my Samsung note.
Well, its average. They have to make our free
It worked great on my GS2 until the ICS update and now it crashes every time.
Its nice,  liked the interface and speed but the main reason I got this browser was flash.  It detects flash,  but starts buffering and never finishes. Its not my internet for sure, can anyone help me?
Updated my firmware. Brower crashes every 6 seconds. Please fix. This is my favorite  browser.
Cool design, but crashes way much....
Love that I can be on the internet and check Twitter & Facebook
Works fast but crushing 50 % from the launching the site's shortcut from the desktop. Please fix it.
The app closes or freezes when I open multiple windows. This happens almost every time I use it, please fix bugs.
@johndene1 on twitter for free safari
Excellent browser, especially for videos. Too much of the screen is taken up by the toolbar. But the real killer is it crashing on load - which then takes ages before you can use your phone. Fix that and it's give stars.
It works pretty good, but the constant asking for a premium membership for videos is a little annoying. It remembers passwords and browsed smoothly.
Every time you go to a page it asks... buy me, buy me, give me money! Totally useless after trial is over. I would gladly pay for a browser that works. Installed on HTC thunderbolt, Samsung 7510, kindle fire, rhyme, fascinate. All rooted some custom rom.
Ok
Needs a few things changing; 1. I don't want to view the button toolbar, will never use it, needs removing. 2. The search box top right needs removing. 3. The toolbar at the top should be at the button in place of the other one, make it hidden when not used. 4. There is no exit button. This is the only reason I don't use the stock browser, please add.
Worked fine on Rezound until ICS update, now vids crash when try to maximize size.
Purdy good dude FAST!! Best browser for video
I had skyfire before the video option had to be brought and the developers told us all as we already had it we would always have it free still but even though I had never uninstalled it I was made to pay for it. I refuse to and thus a good browser gone.
I had skyfire before the video option had to be brought and the developers told us all as we already had it we would always have it free still but even though I had never uninstalled it I was made to pay for it. I refuse to and thus a good browser gone.
Lately the app is stopping itself or having an unexpected error
Meh.
Only app that runs flash content on my H X3. Needs a skyfire plugin though,  and this costs a couple of dollars.
Say, I dont mind this app as long as I can watch videos online. But, it still needs a few crap fixed up. I'd give it a 4* if it was faster. I'd give it a 5* IF IT WAS FREE!!! Gosh, ONLY 3 DAYS?! It is NOT free. Fix it or i'm removing it. Srsly!
Very like this browser
lame
Was fast and played every video on the Web. Now asks me to pay, even though I've had the browser for so long, and constant crash. Sent so many reports. Hopefully a fix will be our soon, or uninstall for good
Was fast and played every video on the Web. Now asks me to pay, even though I've had the browser for so long, and constant crash. Sent so many reports. Hopefully a fix will be our soon, or uninstall for good
Used to be awesome (I've used it over a year) but now it crashes all the time and won't play YouTube videos. Looking at finding a replacement browser.
i can't see the video in pop-up ( Galaxy note 4.0.4)
Nice app..but problem always forced close.
Won't let me see videos on full screen :/
Please add support for Nexus 7
It has not updates since June 2011,which means that it is not optimized for ICS 4.0. This is the reason for the constantly crashes. It looks like the developer doesn't care any more...
works ok but seems to struggle when opening flash and freezes. have send report a few times but no change....
How the hec is anyone supposed to test the free version of this (adds on fire browser) when everytime you go to a link an add pops up you end up clicking on them instead of where you want to link, cause the adds are bigger and always seem to catch and sense you finger first clicking in the spam add instead of where you want to go hitting the back button instead of where you want to browse,how annoying... Can't (Adds on Fire Browser) at least charge .99 cents at least to lose the adds for a free trial??
Update won't install... unsuccessful .. Every attempt  fails... Plz fix... all the previous versions worked.. great best browser out .offer new update
Nice brower but very slow
Awesome!
I love this browser, but, lately it keeps force closing on my nexus and rezound.
I like that I can view Facebook in it's true desktop version, but I hate that it force closes everytime and then I have to reopen it.
Browser annoying not as clear as standard. Also they charge you to use flash player. Firefox doesn't get that.
Its kinda slow at times but way better than the default browser. The fact that it crashes alot keeps it from getting 5 stars.
I believe the creators quited on this app. It needs to be updated! Flash player is so out dated its not keeping up with todays videos
Ok
Great organized browser but bookmarks button force closes. Another issue is how there is no copy and paste option on text inside the browser. If the small things are fixed, it would be a flawless browser.
App is worth while if you need to be able to watch videos and dont have adobe flash player.
Browser is very nice, but since loading ics this product continues to crash. Sent report,but no feedback.	This browser has been super. Easier to use and more functionality. Highly recommend.
I would love to give skyfire a 5 star review but everytime I use this app or the license key, all my apps start Shutting down including my browser (sometimes even when I'm not using it). I know its skyfire b/c I don't have any other apps I installed except Twitter & FB. Skyfire video does work but keeps buffering & stops syncing then the video gets stuck and it takes 30 sec to go back to the homepage or completely shuts my phone down. It had worked fine before, please fix this! (Huawei Ascend II)
I used to use this application a lot.   I recently reinstalled it, but it seems to not allow me to change any settings, like the toolbars, and it will not allow me to even save a bookmark.  Maybe it's because I am now running Ice Cream Sandwich.  Very disappointing.  I am uninstalling it.  DROID RAZR.
Good. But..needs overall simplification (eg. too many toolbar options). Just a brother trying to help out.
Skyfire has been my browser choice for a while now, now all of a sudden it has issues loading and being unavailable or I get "Skyfire may have moved".
On ICS it seems to close and crash quite a bit, also doesn't always load pages. Nicely laid out though and pretty easy to navigate around
A+
Got this on my tablet and my phone. Both of which I use frequently. Only problem is, while streaming video through it, it randomly shuts down without warning and makes you open it again like it wasn't open....please fix this issue  Tablet - Motorola XOOM Phone - Motorola ATRIX
Constantly crashes on galaxy s3
Works well on Samsung galaxy. I like the easy ability to switch between Droid & desktop views. crashes on occasion, usually when I have too many windows open.
Uesed to be a cool app but my phone had a update to ics now this crash all the time ! HTC sensation 4g
This app has gotten worse since my DROID updated the other day! I love to FB on it especially since this is my only form of internet and the FB app is hard to share links, the screen now jumps around, it's harder to share from other pages and constantly crashes!
The only thing thats keeping me from uninstalling this app is the video support. its very sloooowww..
Was the best browser I found until lately it force closes all the time uninstalling
Great service but it crashes all the time without warning
while pressing new tab, it should not go on new tab page... it should remain on same page
its just good not more than that nor less.
It was a good browser before 4.0, i said a long time ago, but now running into a lot of FC's with the razr(ics), but droid4 2.x.x working ok.
Ok look here's the thing it loses a couple stars for this but what good is a web browser that wont play videos
I like all of the Facebook & Twitter interference and the news tab too..the only thing I would say needs work is the video to be compatible with more web pages like Justin TV and project free tv
This browser suddenly started taking up HUGE amounts of CPU.
Good feature and interface even better than other browser. Force close too often on galaxy tab 7+
I have a pantech crossover that doesn't support adobe flash on its own. The browser is good for viewing videos on websites I couldn't otherwise view but I use dolphin browser as my primary browser as it is way faster
Nice: Uses Android bookmarks instead of its own set. Not nice: Too many annoying toolbars you can't get rid of.
Sometime standby without reason?
Why is it always asking us to rate... Each time it prompts me the rating goes down from my end..!!
Using rooted nook color. Tries to open pop up windows even tho they're blocked, can't access bookmarks unless I scroll to top of page (need shortcuts) , force closes when i try to go to the Help option, need bigger fonts, NOT zoom control, etc etc. Needs an easier way to exit/close program. Alphabetized bookmarks would he nice.
After ICS upgrade screen freezes and goes black, forcing restart. This happens a lot:-\.
it's going as plan
Excellent
Love it for multiple tabs, but crashes all the time.  updated to ics. Same....now cant copy text of address bar
I have Samsung gs3 and skyfire has been crashing so often on startup and giving me intermittent issue with entering www address to where it would force me to go to home page in the middle of typing the address.  Bug in compatibility with ICS??
Not that great anymore. Really don't like the Facebook integration. Wish for more updates. Want ability to back up bookmarks to SD card.
Average
Since the update I can't watch video on my DROID RAZR
Prefer Boat browser's more organized layout.
Constantly force close since ICS update
It's ok could be better
Give us what we've been asking for!!! Where is the option to Skip/Rw?????
very nice
Sometimes it crash or force to close if many tabs or rich content websites are opened
New phone since last review---LG Optimus Slider, running 2.3.4. Gingerbread.  Will update after use on this device.  Stay tuned...
Its better than most browsers.
Great browser Better than stock.. droid x
The video thing kinda sux, it'd be great if it would allow you to pause or play the vids.
.It's not beautiful..it's totally black and white..it's not colorful....
Wow, I really do like this app. The flash player helps too. But I've had it for over a year with no new updates. Are there any? Let us know.
It doesn't look very polished either. The people that say it's the best obviously haven't tried Google Chrome
Fix it! I miss this browser!
Good one
some things are annoying, like the scroll bar sensitivity, but much better than most standard browsers. not a bad download, but room for improvement.
Tried almost every browser on the app market. Dolphin is the best because of the speed. This one would outdo it if were faster
Since I switch to HTC one s most the time force to close or just without a notice it close please fix it cause its a very good browser!
Used to be my go to browser, but now it won't download 90% of the time. Plus the constant pop up windows for video are extremely annoying. Love that you can browse full sites without seeing the mobile version.
Dolphin is better. Add ons, tabs, and gestures...DROID2
Decent. Browser. Over all it had all the needs I needed in general I'd say. Superb browser.
Best browser with flash enabled.
Used to be better.
Still my favorite browser but get force close at startup every time
Does it
Ok.
Has a few problems. I consistently get "session timed out while trying to post" errors on certain forums. No other browser gives me this problem. Have to clear cookies and relog into every acct to solve it for a short time.  It would be better with an actual exit button instead of having to hit back until you get to the beginning of your history to close the program.  Mostly stable, but does crash sometimes when you first open it.
Not bad for emulating desktop browsing. The toolbars and speed are annoying though.
Good solid proGram
Loads of apps in one
Good
Better them some.
This is not really a banking app it's more of a link to their mobile website.
I've had this for a long time and never had any problems.... Now this week it keeps forcing closed... Please fix
Nice
Where's the video I only hear audio fix it
Doesn't open sites when it's supposed to. Only about 10% ! of the time but very annoying
Told me to rate you??
It does what I want it to do but I think dolphin browser has a better interface
Now I have to pay again, uninstalled
I thought this browser was pretty good, but it based itself on social networking a bit too much. And like the previous review, it asks for money.
I thought this browser was pretty good, but it based itself on social networking a bit too much. And like the previous review, it asks for money.
Oke
I was am early supporter and didn't use anything but this. But lately it's been freezing a lot lately. time to  find me another browser. Sad because I really wanted it to last.
Its a Little slow need fixing otherwise ok
forceful review...never used much...but looks like a good browser.
It's ok but not better than dolphin hd, doesn't have gestures or sonar. but Good app still.
Extra
Middle of the road app, not to bad, but not great.like that it gives you real Web pages.
Please add a pause button will give 5 stars
The only problem is the trial video won't stop popping up...
Keep closing
When i put this app in my bong it didnt get me as toasted as i hoped.  I would try a different strain next time.  I like unicorns under the bridge between the lines of communication.
Since my reset of phone the video feature doesn't detect the videos.
Slow and laggy
Nice features. But closes without reason and all tabs are lost. Have to search history to find lost pages. Lags regularly. When it works its awesome.
Great app
Why the license for video ?  I can use another browser and watch for free
Uninstalled....not worth it
I don't like the fact that it's not full screen
I like it but its not as fast as people say it is. Its slow when i type something in & its slow opening things up
Great other wise
It "worked" but didn't do what I had hoped for.
thigh
love this apps so convenient....
This is a good browser but the free version has a pop-up asking you to buy it every few seconds. This is unusable unless you're going to pay 5.
It's ok just keeps asking to purchase a video licence should b an option to stop it keep asking
waiting for ics update its not supporting new android ics plz update needed plz
3 out of 5 because of the popup that tells you to spread the word about the app, and that you can't close
Not bad good one
Generally works well but often have to start twice as it crashes on first start up
Works great on my other EVOs but on the EVO LGT I'm not able to watch videos and it keeps crashing. I understand this is a  newly launched phone and some things may need to be worked out. On my EVO, and EVO 3D I would give it a 5 but on this new phone apparently some bugs need to be worked out.
nice but sometimes shows network eror and lag too.
Excellent
Excellent browser with integrated video player. Better than Firefox.
really like this browser....but it just crashes too much to give it the rating I'd like too.
I. Like this
Using a droid x2. It runs a lot slower than opera, and the constant ads for the video l license popping up got annoying fast. Very disappointing browser.
Crash a lot
Not a bad browser someone who thinks the world, or even friends car what you do on the web. All that stuff crowding the sceen gives a false impression that the user has more control than you do.  Video costs extra. Why? I can download and view half of a 56 min. democracynow show before this browser can display the first downdgraded frame.
Great app
Good ,but crashes too often
I like this browser, its a lightweight too, what i like best is the ability to view full sites by default, mobile enabled sites are usually semi functional. Im increasingly annoyed with the freezes that result in forced closes, and it often wont download video files from the net.
Have not used it in great length or detail but overall good system. Droid X
I have more than one browser for different tasks.
Annoying rating tactic
Every time I open it, it crashes unexpectedly. Otherwise a great browser.
The only reason I don't use this browser is that it takes two different taps to close the browser. It gets really annoying hitting 'back' then 'close' every single time. Make it so that double tap back closes the program and I would use it all the time.
Wasted my baterry
Needs to be updated so the new version of flash can be played on the HTC Aria
Used to be an excellent app until I got the ICS update. Constant freezes and can't expand the video screen. Needs a update really quick.
I have better browsing experience with this good product, Kudos for the developer.
Browser is good. But the stupid adverts for the videos and to go pro are annoying, keeps coming up every 10 secs   Fuuuuu! Just Take my money !
It is not fair that you are bound to only serve android and Iphones.
Fast and connected to many other sites.
Its ok...
dont bother buying the video thing. it sucks. everything else about this browser is okay i guess
How do i set password?
Nothing special, pop up beg became very annoying, which is why I uninstalled this (so much happier now) android browser works just fine. I got this so I could look at sites in full view like Facebook or bank sites. I will only redownload for that purpose.
Great Super fast and no clutter
I like this app ;-)
Only thing I have to complain is the lack of private browsing mode. Skyfire made for iOS devices have them... why not android?
not easy to navigate from one tab to another Can improve user interface
Wanted 2 play Facebook games on Samsung Note. No go. Does the same as normal browser. No answers on internet... (anyone figure that out yet? Empires & Allies? Full Cityville?)
Real slow..
Can't pause or ffw
No better than dolfin or opera, and the video does not work very good. Uninstalled
Great,  but should include forward / rewind features.
Great,  but should include forward / rewind features.
Works good on you tube and some movie sites. Down side is if you go to any anime sites player won't work or player works but you can't fast forward or pause with out starting from beginning again.
browser is garbage! have to pay for video playback? negative go play in traffic
very good
Its pretty cool when u know how to operate it.
Good but force to stop. Fix it pls
The browser is good but crashes with my helpdesk software.  Hopefully an update will fix the issue or a setting in the software.
Should resolve bug.
Whats a free trial of the flash player is over it's not worth having   Do you like this clutter and it's hard to see anything with that much stuff on your home screen. The free trial is a joke every page that you loads you get nailed with "do you want to upgrade yes or no?" every single page that gets loaded it doesn't matter whether or not there is video available on that page . Seriosuly it's more annoying than a 7 year old korean girl in a hello kitty store! It is ridiculous!
So sick its dying.
Itz a good web browser but itz to slow
Good working but some of the videos is very slow
This would be a great app if the video player ad wouldn't constantly pop up and if it would crash throughout the day
Top dog browser.
Its ok. Is faster than default browser but doesnt show images when web pages load. LG Spectrum
Won't let you shrink the page.  Zoom setting in settings has no effect rage i can see.  Fast, really a shame that the simple stuff want done right.
Ever since the most recent patch having browser crash randomly. This is on galaxy note, galaxy s, and galaxy tab
Now it is slow and it screws up my Facebook posts a lot!
Desktop
It's a great browser. Was awesome for phones that didnt have video playback option. Thats why I give it a 3 cuz video playback is a paid feature now.
...is not fast...
It's best feature is it's capability to play flash videos for non adobe flash software enabled android phones.. That's it! Apart from that it's an out spoiler.
Its okay..
On one hand, works better than other browsers.  Has locked up & needed restart fairly regularly.
Its a browser, sometimes the flash videos play, sometimes they don't.
Paid for the licence and used it almost everyday. Now with ics on my S2 it won't let me do anything crashes when I open bookmarks. Its great when it works but wait for a update before you pay.
Skyfire force closing to much on my xperia x10a running 2.3.4 firmware.
Keeps crashing and sometimes it will not show complete page.
Rlly cool
Flash needs update to work with some cites that uses newer version of flash player. Once Skyfire update their flash, they get 5 star.
Awesome
Its great browser for those android phone which do not have flash support the only problem is we cant open youtube in desktop.mode.
Force closes alot
Good
Was okay before I updated to ics now constantly freezing and unreliable. Sg2
It keeps closing on me & wont play movies--plz fix it
well it was going fine until i found out how incredibly slow and messy it was.  the interface is really cluttered and boring ... really need to fix that -.-
Easy to use
I thought that this was going to be better then it is.  But I can say that the buffer rate was improved by at least a factor of 2
When it works , it works! The issue is the amount of time it takes to load the page. Work justin. Tv it takes quite a few minutes to load the video then buffer. Sometimes, it's out on sync. Even when I'm connected to wifi. so I'll keep it since i paid the video license.  Also moving vehicle is no use, cuts off. And so far the longest running video for Justin. tv is. Twenty minutes
Ok not soooooo good
{ JUST DOWNLOAD APPLANET FOR ANDROID AND INSTALLIOUS FOR IPOD, IPHONE, IPAD ECT. }
Works pretty well, and faster than the browser that came with my phone. Video optimization was awesome during my trial run,- when the videos would load. I still have to switch out and try with my software browser if a video I want to watch won't load.
Works way better than dolphin and firefox as well as the default browser on my infuse4g
Works occasionally. 3 bucks you get what you pay for I guess... Optimus V. No real support or development. Says no video available when there is...
I love this app.. It was worth every penny
Interface quirks and design not so good. Kept having to remind myself to use the drop down menu instead of the menu hard button for settings. Flash playback hit n misses compared to dolphin. Like it because its simple. But the facebook, twitter toolbar addons eats up precious screen estate.
Nice apppp
no del todo trabaja
O needs much  update
Looks like it crashes when trying to recover the last open session
nice
not too bad
Should recognize video and make available without having to press the video button, also should give option to download
Browser itself is great, lots of cool features wanted to give it 5 stars.  However as soon a the free trial for the video expires you might as well uninstall it.  Every time you load a page it pops up asking you to upgrade to their paid version, it gets so annoying you stop using the browser
Help me surf well :)
Ive had it and used it for awhile and it normally works great
No problems
It's okay. Does its job, but, in now way better than Dolphin Browser HD. Skyfire is slow and you only get a 3 day free subscription.
Just upgraded to ICS and now Skyfire keeps force closing ALL OF THE TIME...this was a beautiful app, please sort this out!
not really sure what happened, but I had this app on my sprint evo 4g and it worked perfectly, but now I have it on my galaxy tab 10.1 and it force closes constantly, my default browser works better so I'm going with that :/ ... disappointed fan.
Does not work on Galaxy Nexus. Still no multi threading. Come on skyfire this has needed multi threading for over a year now.
Does not work on Galaxy Nexus. Still no multi threading. Come on skyfire this has needed multi threading for over a year now.
.u get a new phone or reset it and they want u 2 pay again no way it was crap any way
I love it
Its iight
Yes
It quits unexpectedly, quite a bit. It earned its 3 stars with its video features, I can finally watch HBO on my tablet.
Still working
Fast browser, but many times it forcefully closes down.  It also needs an "exit" button.
This app works fine on many gingerbread varients. It will dc when reopened on ics. It automatically generates error report. I noticed that it hasn't been updated in a while. Seems like they would at least post about the issue
Not bad but bloaed ad crashes alot
I was looking for a good browser for the tablet. Gave Skyfire a try and the stupid popup saying trial period is done and wanting me to purchase a premium service that I will not use every 1 minute is annoying and disruptive.  UNINSTALLED
Very good browser.
Well, need more improvement. Sometime the browser close by it self
this is a great browser...very fast and handles desktop browsing mode very good.....BUT it force closes at least two times every browsing session......sometimes force closes during flash video playback.  if it were not for the force closing issue i would give it 6 stars..IMO this is the best browser to use if you like using desktop mode. i never use mobile mode so cant give any feedback on that.  fix those issue and i will never need another browser....sammy galaxy tab plus 7.0...
Needs forward arrow
Even though it's not as creative as Dolphin, it's a solid browser for social networkers Loads up my Fb faster than the official app and has lots ofgreat features like the big "Like" button which is very useful
Great app although keep closing.  The faster outhere
Love how fast it loads on my prevail...easy controls and user interface...
Need This function   Uninstall program  Don't like FEATURED SITES showing
This is the one I go to most often
I don't like pop ups every time I change the page. But it's free!
Closes when it wants and freezes. Video optimization doesn't work well.
Its a good browser. Minor annoyances such as no desktop youtube, and how every page in portrait mode is zoomed in really bugs me.
I like using it so no complaints.
Why do i have to pay for some video enhacement that does not even work, still good browser though
Performs gud
Browser keeps asking me whether I am looking for video....very annoying bug! Please fix it ASAP! Beside this major issue, this is the best browser
I recommend they use of these app It is Fast and really good
Hasn't been updated in a while.
I like the browser but crashes a lot on ICS. Please fix
Good app
Force closes every other time. After last update a lot of websites take me to the "about"  page that is blank. Other then that it was a great browser please fix it. Asus transformer.
Works well but hate that it forces me to write a review....
Works well but hate that it forces me to write a review....
Good overall
Eh nothing for to really rate.
Verygood
Love it but it keeps making me exit out to home screen first before every view like I cant watch to things bac2bac have to press home n go bac n2 app
It could be better   shuts off freq
I love this browser. It has always done me right. But lately it has been kicking back videos I try and watch. It will load and play for ten seconds...sometimes longer. Then I will say its buffering and kick back to the website. This happens even in wifi with full signal so I know its not my coverage. Please fix this and you will back to five stars where you belong
Nice
Seems to struggle with yahoo mail but generally a good browser
Fine
Please add a more powerful download manager
I like its flash player!
Could be better if video playback was free.
If you make a good product FORCED RATINGS ARE UNESSESSARY
Good but using it to browse for 45minutes my phone battery level drops from 100% to 86%. ( Not on wifi )
Works pretty good but it loads slowly and you cant pause or rewind the videos
Not great
Why is there a pop up on every page asking me to renew the video service renewal? I will uninstall just because of that.
Still needs a little work, keep it up skyfire!
Its gonna get me into trouble. Lmao
Crashs all the time
Awesome
It has cool options and when it works its terrific, but it force closes on launch 50% of the time. I have the Galaxy Tab 10.1. And the video work around for Hulu that says Skyfire will play them has been patched, hulu. Still won't play.
Like the video feature, faster than my regular browser
Good
Ok browser. Tend to crash quite often.
fantastic
Not bad.
Not bad. But still flickering while accessing flash games. Mine is gtab samsung p1000
Nice and fast browser
I like it
Many times next page will not open
Good
Nice. This seems to the only browser that actually downloads vids. Anyone know if this works well in ios?
Punishing those without a flash compatible phone bad devs. Unistalled
Nice browser but still needs a bit of polish.  If they can keep it simple and bloatware free then they have a winner.
Crashes in new ics update but decent otherwise
Works great, sees pages like a desktop, not a mobile which is the only way we can use facebook these days (refuse to use facebook app, drains battery, runs constantly) don't like the annoying pop-up wanting me to buy the video app, would give 5stars
The only thing better was the video feature, but once the demo expires I can't buy it cos it only accepts credit card, thats dumb. Please add Paypal or debit card as payment methods.
I like............
Good one, recomended.
I am fairly happy with the browser. Sometimes it is unable to find the video. But overall it enables me watch videos which are flash based so not bad value.
Its really buggy and makes my phone restart when I use it. Flash option is great though. Once they fix those bugs ill pay for the key.
Nice browser and great video support but the UI needs some serious revamp. Not a preferred browser for normal usage as the slow UI loses on the mobile platform.
Not bad but fedup of been asked to rate it all the time
Its a good browser but the popups on it are annoying as hell
Ok
Love it.  Gives you the actual home page of the site you want.
Only browser I use consistently. Fast, easy-to-use, with lots of functionality. A+
Whatever
Quick downloads, but infuriating to work with. Trying to get this browser to do what I thought it should be doing drove me nuts. Maxthon is much more user friendly.
Worked great on my Droid but on galaxy nexus video player crashes program every time. Please fix.
i like as it got video download fn too bad flash not fully support but is micromedia wrong market strategy
Dolphin browser plays video much smoother and has the feel of google chrome
can't login to facebook.when i try to it reboots my tablet every single time...not good!
if u dislike the mobile versions of websites and you want to see the normal versions of websites on your smartphone then get this. If want the ability to "like" absolutely anything even if it does not have an official "like" button. Besides  those reasons this is an  average app
I liked when you didn't have to pay for the video app
I like it a lot but i need to open it twice in order for it to work. Samsung Galaxy 8.9
Super fast loadings and excellent with touch wiz! Excellent options with easy access to bookmarks! Only problem is Google's flash ad covers up some of the search tool! Other than that; deffenately 5 stars! Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere.
Awesome app! They should make the video trial longer, but other than that I love it.
Crashes a lot!
great browser, but the excessive toolbars are annoying.  i also find I have to open any search results in a new tab, otherwise i egt a blank page.  switching to firefox for now....
Just ok, some better, some worse.
Good app
but difficult/impossible to manage favorites. a significant flaw
Also crashes and isn't compatible with my galaxy nexus keyboard. Horrible browser.
Does what it says It will do, there are some bugs in it, some videos and animations do not play on the browser.
I just downloaded dolphin and it is the greatest that I have ever used! Follow @captCurt
Handles downloads very poorly
Should be free, otherwise not competitive enough against lets say opera
Had a brief play with this. Did a decent job of rendering pages, but felt sluggish on my RAZR compared to Opera.  Interface isn't particularly slick, and standard zoom option didn't seem to work. Overall, didn't seem worth my time.
Takes long time to load hotmail.  On some web, display is incomplete when zoom in. Sometimes blank page. Strange?
if your phone don't support flash you must download this app now
Good browser,  but i am having a problem with it, cant play videos anymore.
Gmail not working properly.
I am using this browser on a tab(samsung galaxy tab 10.1). The browser is good but lacks a lot of features.. 1) No speed-dial option or having frequently opened sites on home page. 2) If u scroll a page down, the menu bar also scrolls up. BIG pain to even close a tab if the page is very long. 3) The toolbar at the bottom of the browser. I don't want it. But i can't hide it. 4) tabbed browsing is very lame.. No inovation is required to improve tat.. Refer android browser or dolphin browser. 5) It will be overexpectation at this stage but will be nice to have addons... Similar to what we have in dolphin.  A good thing abt skyfire:: It really streams flash videos so smooth that it can't be compared with any other on android. But again... Its not a video player... Its a web browser :-) A lot more is expected...
Good browser. But could be better too. The skippy videos and the video "optimization" are total BS. Seems more like the free version is coded to make the videos choppy intentionally so you'll buy the "optimized" version.
While pretty quick, it force closes a lot. Using Acer a500.
They pulled wm6. 5 support.
Cool....need upgrade
Not bad...
I am keeping it for BBC iplayer otherwise I would I uninstall as unusable slow on my poor little ZTE blade
Still not great even after paying for the unlock.... I get to see the begining, then the last 1/4 of the flash content.... pffft!
Love it
Stupid video buy me crap pops up every 5 seconds. Dolphin browser way better
Good browser, but charging for Flash support is kinda lame when it was free for so long.  Great if you have Froyo or higher.
Not too bad.
Before, the only reason why I used this browser was because of the video viewing. Even when I went from the MyTouch to the Samsung Galaxy S, I got the message saying I didn't have to pay for the key because I was a longtime user. Not bad. But now, I've upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S2 and it asked me to pay.   Not really a problem, to be honest. But now, the browser seems to crash when I load twitter or Facebook. I loved the functionality of it but now, it's not cutting it. Looking for a fix. Thanks. (SG2)
A tad glitchi and delayed reactions but still very good. Droid x2
Excellent fast browser do agree with previous reviewer about toolbar taking up too much room though Given 4 stars as currently unavailable for google nexus 7
Works on my optimus on cyanogen mod
Decent program works well
Decent program works well
It works fine but sometimes ( and im not sure if this is a skyfire thing) when I follow a link to youtube it opens a completely different video and contiuously does everytime I hit the back button.
V. Goooooood
Galaxy s2, ics. Useless permanent toolbar at the bottom. Without having an exit button, if for some reason you miss network it crashes. Then during restart the phone freezes for about 50 seconds. Annoying.... But far the fastest browser.
Not that bad. :)
Good browser!
Like it
Good to watch video
Does exactly what you want
Nice browser with supporting flash
Does what it promises to do! Shouldn't be disappointed.
I love the application how the nice work
Love functionality
Please let us go to anywhere in a video though.
Perfect app for browsing on your mobile phone. Excellent product.
It's Great because the skyfire can play video
good.....
no exit button
Great
its very nice
Now i can watch videos on my RAZR since ICS screwed it up!
Good alternative app for internet explores, has its own small issues that are being worked out with each update.
Best FULL browser that I've used for all my smart phones! ADN... Droid X
Runs well on Sensation 4G but when I try to access the history it force course. Tried reinstalling several times but it is still a problem. But it is the best browser I have found.
it keeps on hang on my Samsung note.
It's great keeping your bit rate down. Now my phone seen a slow when I surf the web. The pages take longer to load. Freezes evr so often.
good app
It works
Works great
If is not failure of the original browser,because of the andriod version,it might not be the best browser?
Works great
Nice
Vary good only thing is i wish insted of useing google why not bing or ask stuff like that but still love it
Decent.  Works fine..  But no full screen..
Very good browser, some odd little things but best I've found so far.
I have no problems with skyfire, sometimes it lags but for most part it works great and without a problem
Crashes from time to time. And always asks to give it a review this is my 15th review Could be a samsung fireware problem
Good app.
I don't even use the browser my phone came with
Good and easy to use
This is a good app for mobile browsing.
Installed it and what. Un intuitive, hard to navigate and so mich going on on the screen. And yeah. Installed to try what seemed very useful feature.  Playing flash with no flash installed. Never got to try. Since install it prompts to buy that overpriced feature with no chance to try it at all...
Hangs a bit, and frequently crashes on my Asus Transformer. Video feature leaves a lot to be desired and is NOT worth paying for. I guess the search continues for a decent Android browser :-(
Easily the best mobile browser
Ok
Like the video function
Jesse, It is the best browser by far, BUT it is slow, takes too long to load and forces close too much! Samsung Galaxy S3
It's a good browser just a bit slow to load
Good for flash media  not supported by other browsers
Love it!
Only app that runs flash content on my H X3. Needs a skyfire plugin though,  and this costs a couple of dollars.
very good !
I like being able to watch flash stuff. Wish I could import bookmarks.
Totally like on the desktop.. great app!!!!!
Crashes here and there
Having problem with skyfi're browser cannot excess bookmark keep going out or cannot get it
This is great browser
Very like this browser
Works great on the galaxy tab 10.1 only thing is that there are a lo of crashes
One of the best.   Would be the best if you could restore tabs after crash/close/reboot ect.
Closes and gives an error almost each time I use it.
Buggy and slow
Like this app a lots, really makes my HTC s comes alive;) try it you"ll see.
love this app, best browser for my tablet.
Has some really nice features but the layout could be better. Also had problems with flash. It crashes quiet often
Works well on Galaxy Tab 10.1......
Best.
Needs more action needed to improve overall performance!..
Keep updating it
A bit crashy at times but when bandwith is short a good option
Nice browser
Work good
I Love skyfire and never had a problem with it until i received the ICS 4 update on my Droid Razr. Almost every time I run Skyfire it crashes. It's quite frustrating. Waiting for this to be fixed.
Works well.  I only wish it was in HD.
keeps freezing and not loading properly.
Works like a desktop browser but crashes on occasion
The toolbar is cute but not needed.  Overall, not bad.
Awesome browser.Special optimization.but crashes many time
Awesome app
Good
Closes a lot but gives me the desktop option.
My tablet just got even better! - Kogan 7" Agora.
Awesome!!
Good
My reliable browser in my galaxy tab
Good and fast browser, needs tab closure button than the cross and crashes need to be reduced...
No problems. Like it.
Better than the one that came with my Droid Bionic.
Lets me play DB games.. BA pop window doesn't show days a back n costs developer a star lolll
Slightly faster than Opera. Rich in features; without taking up alot of disk space.
Greer
Good browser
Amazing in every way except for those times when it crashed. It seemed to crash frequently on my HTC One. Not sure if other phones face the same issues.
Amazing in every way except for those times when it crashed. It seemed to crash frequently on my HTC One. Not sure if other phones face the same issues.
Good
Works horrible on the samsung s3, waiting for an update because this is the best  browser otherwise.
This is a great app but the problem is that you have only 3 days to watch videos after that you have to buy a license in order to watch more videos, but I have seen in the iPhone that you can can watch as many videos as you can without a license you have to pay for.
Good
Very smooth
Great organized browser but bookmarks button force closes. Another issue is how there is no copy and paste option on text inside the browser. If the small things are fixed, it would be a flawless browser.
The best mobile browser available.
fast browser
Good app but bit slow when loading large page
Its almost like a real browser on my phone, but it needs to be tweaked a little bit better so it wont slow down as much or foreclose
A good brrowser for my Android Smartphone, but no substitute for a Mac computer with Safari or another browser.
Just got this but so far, it's fast.  Pages load quickly.  Video seems a bit slow, however.
Good n nearly perfect browser
Best choice for media Sites also works with Amazon Prime
Very good but sometimes crashes.
Tiene características propias que lo hacen único e incomparable con los demás navegadores
Tool bar doesn't show in Jelly Bean.
I like this app for its fast browsing.
Great app works super , works really good when u need your cell to work like desktop 90% of the times .
Got this on my tablet and my phone. Both of which I use frequently. Only problem is, while streaming video through it, it randomly shuts down without warning and makes you open it again like it wasn't open....please fix this issue  Tablet - Motorola XOOM Phone - Motorola ATRIX
Love it
Love it
A little slow on my galaxy apollo. Dolphin runs much faster
Video stops buffering after 1 or 2 %. Worked fine on my old desire. Standard browser works ok so it's not my wifi.
Works well on Samsung galaxy. I like the easy ability to switch between Droid & desktop views. crashes on occasion, usually when I have too many windows open.
Full screen doesn't work tho. Would give it 5 if it did.
Ever since the ICS update hit my Razr Maxx, Skyfire crashes every other time I launch it. I hope they fix this soon. It used to be my favorite browser.
Good!
I like it
And there are WAY too many buttons along the bottom. I have to PAY to view video? Did I read that correctly? No flippin' way. Uninstalled.
I like
Oky oky...
Great!!
Video shoyld be free
fantastic browser.
Ubwr easy to use!
I like all of the Facebook & Twitter interference and the news tab too..the only thing I would say needs work is the video to be compatible with more web pages like Justin TV and project free tv
Web browser but force closes when i open but work when i open it again Android 4.0 Droid razr
Carlos
Good browser, but with a license key I expected that I would get to save my settings.
You did the best with this apps thanks i like but something missing the themes or skins
One of the best browser in the market.
Nice.....
Just love the fact that I can watch matches live with this browser even on 2g, but the buffering popup sucks, remove that. Instead you can only show the text and percent complete. Also its a problem when it keeps on coming up on the screen and that irritates a lot sometimes.
partially works on ICS. 4.0.4.
Only one I use
I love it
Works as the computer on my smartfone. Wonderful app with little or no limitation
Fast. Excellent redraw on zoom.
;)
;)
Excellent
Best web player.i hope they will free the video player search
Best browser so far
Great
Window closes sometimes but overall its better than most mobile web browsers
Its quicker page load than dolphin and default browser.  It does crash multiple tabs are open
can be slow at times but very user friendly. like the menu buttons set up - makes browsing easy and the video server add on is great for phones that don't support flash.
Video support not found in most tablet browsers!
Good browser but don't like how you have to buy a vedio lisense key I have flash so don't need skyfire to play vedios I can just use my stock browser
Easy to use with bookmarks, videos work well, the quick links facebook things are pretty useless though.
Much faster than browser I have been using.
Great app. No problems
Really enjoy this app!!
Works great, i only would like to disable the toolbar with extra links that i don't use
Just great. Download now.
:)
Good Browser
There are few sites that cause this browser to mess up. The video streaming in particular is superior to the built-in Android browser. Not sure if the paid version is really necessary as I haven't encountered that many issues. Great overall.
Thinks alot
Now stop nagging me to rate!  ;-)
Great app!!
Overall, good.
Not bad at all .  :
Fast and safe browser
Like it its fast!
Good on somethings, bad on others. Overall, good Browser to use.
Nice work but search. some videos
Does what i want but cant pintch zoom
ESP on older devices
getting better by every update but still long way to go
It works great for toshiba tab.
The video has become crap. Good for ppl that can't use flash but it needs to improve on functionality.
Crashes everytime I use it. Plus I'd like an exit option on the menu
Cool
Cool
Love it
Much better than the standard browser that comes on the phones!
good
Must have app
working great. easy to use. but some time slow
Good browser
Rendering web pages is faster than all other browsers. Tf300t does crash sometimes , but the has not deterred me as it is few and far between . Would like to see more compatible plugins. But still early days yeah. Firefox was terrible. Native Asus browser was better. Chrome, well i don't like my private information broadcasted across the world. So i moved from Dolphin HD to this browser and have not looked back. Love this browser, would like to see flv download plugin become available. Well done .
Good value. Buying video license was the only way for me to watch videos on gingerbread. Works sometimes
Good
It doesn't look very polished either. The people that say it's the best obviously haven't tried Google Chrome
A bit tempremental but overall good. Only pain you cannot ffwd movies.
A good alternative considering my android wont support or load adobe flash player.
Fast and furious!
Ok
some things are annoying, like the scroll bar sensitivity, but much better than most standard browsers. not a bad download, but room for improvement.
Works nice on my atrix 2
Good
Everytime I try to open the app on my favorite site after already having it open and having to close it for a call or something else it crashes.
nice
I had to rewrite my review, because with all these coming updates, this browser is getting slower and slower. The amount of features are plentiful but all of them except 3 are not useful because they are impractical. The skyfire team need to pick up the pace and get back on track or they will be swollowed by newer browsers. Firefox and chrome are coming. Opera mini is still the fastest, flash and video functions are becoming common and there are faster browsers then this.  This LAGS during text input!!!!!
Work smooth.
This product is great, and would be four-star worthy if there was an "end" or "exit" button to end the session and close out the browser.
Great
Great
Awesome :)
For some reason video is suddenly terrible. The pause button is gone and the sound is out of sync.
Great
Fast and easy to read.
I use this browser primarily for videos and sites that try to default to web versions even when told not to. Only draw back is since I got ice cream sandwich, it literally crashes every time I open it, than acts right.
Works pretty well for something that is free.  My only complaint is that it crashes on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0. I have gott3n used to the crashing and have learned what buttons make it crash. I do wish that the video optimization feature was free.
And that's all that mattered.
Allows me to find whatever whenever with no boundaries... Awesome app! Droid X
Decent. Browser. Over all it had all the needs I needed in general I'd say. Superb browser.
Пользуюсь больше года. Работает стабильно и шустро,удобно
I am very happy to use this browser and i want more features in that browser  thanks
Ok app
Good all things are in one application
Great browser compared to others available for smart phones. Wish they would stop forcing me to review it every month though. Annoying!
Good
Hate apps that nag for a rating! Enjoy!
Good
It does convert  and play lots of videos as promised. Performance is a bit sluggish though and occasionally crashes. No "forward" feature when browsing and no control over video playbacks.
Whenever i read a long article in skyfire, and i back out, when i come back to it,  it takes me back to the beginning.
Pretty gud... Jus missing the time scroll for flash video...
Pretty gud... Jus missing the time scroll for flash video...
Fast stable, love it
But now it keeps begging me to buy on every webpage. Please get rid of the pop up.
Goog app.
good one..
But crashes from time to time, esp with flash video loaded
Nice app. Supports flash. Easy to use and fast.
Goooooooooooooood
Good
I have used this for several months on galaxy tab 10.1 as well as droid charge.  I like this browser and the ability to switch from android to desktop mode.  I can get to just about any web page.  Have not had an issue with pop up when streaming videos?
Much faster compare to other browser but still need to fix some bugs
Does the job
Cool app browser..
Easy to switch between modes. Fastest browser that ice tried.
Only issue which I face is too much force close.
This app works almost perfectly for me. It has minimal 'Force Close' problems but that's about the only real problem I've ever encountered. Other than that and the occasional slow loading time of a webpage, it works just like the default browser, but is just about 2x faster and performs insanely good, even with multiple tabs open. 5 Star app! This is the only mobile browser I will ever use.
Cool features, but its only a trial, keep up the good work.
Good but confusing
Very good app.
Always Force Close when i touch bookmark icon and when i wanna send feedback ..  Please fix this on the next update ..
Nice
.....
So far its been the fastest and most user friendly browser for my evo, and you can have up to eight sites open at the same time.video is good.
Worked amazing on my Motorola triumph running gingerbread but crashes on my HTC evo v everytime I exit the browser. Could just be because of icecream sandwich. Still a great product tho.
Best one in the market for social networking
Its a good browser but great one in iPad(plays flash). Sometimes buggy but I still use it.
is very nice. can play flash videos on many sites. can do anything i ask it to do, except for playing youtube. it cant find the video, and when i click on the link, it just buffers at 0% forever. that was the main reason i got skyfire, to watch youtube. the browsing is decent, and there are many features, which is good. but they need to fix the youtube thing because thats what most people want it for, including me.
better than opera mobile
So far so good...
I love this browser for one simple reason, I can watch shows. Lately I can't watch anything, I think it needs a new interface.
It is a good browser, but heavy and data hogger ..
The best browser around as far as I'm concerned. Needs video controls though
Good
PLEASE ALLOW FOR THE OPTION TO OPEN A NEW TAB BEHIND THE CURRENT! I'll change my vote to 5stars then ;-)
Is give you full access to the internet.
Is give you full access to the internet.
Are you ever going to have more updates to fix bugs? Dropped one star for not updating anything for months.
Best browser for galaxy mini for flash player but still need to add more web site
Usually it is ok, but lately it is freezing and then crashing. My phone then shuts off and I have to pull the battery.
Best browser in Play Store!
Good app
Extra
I downloaded it, it told me my trial is over. I just download the G D app...would've gave no stars but it can't be done.......
Good browsers, all in one browsing
Awesome
Works great when you need a desktop version on your mobile device!
Good for videos .. web needs new layout. Overall solid browser...
this used to work great on my Samsung gs2 but now every time I click on a link it just goes to a blank page. maybe its something i'm doing wrong but it doesn't seem to happen on any of the other Web browsers I have tried. uninstalled.
I must say this is d best browser ive tried so far,coz of operas limited capabilities i have to find a better browser and so far this one is d fastest and d most user friendly. ive tried almost all d browsers in d android market and this one is d best ...
I don't understand the purpose  of having to pay to watch videos....so I sometimes I use my reg. Internet app
Plays flash and other media well.
Starting to lag
Good App works on most sites with Flash...
Went from the Evo4G to the EvoLTE now skyfire crash 3 out of every 5 launches.
easy to use.
I like the ability to switch to desktop mode. Useful on a tablet, although it seems to crash a lot.
Use to work perfectly..... Now, nothing unbelievable. Takes all day for status bar to load and when its done page is still not done.
Use to work perfectly..... Now, nothing unbelievable. Takes all day for status bar to load and when its done page is still not done.
Good app
Gets the job done.
Good Browser
I hate it. wont even direct me to links, like when I click on a youtube video link, it takes me to the youtube homepage. same  when  I click on a twitter link when I want to follow someone it takes me to the homepage. no different than the default browser, only its worse
Good
Outstanding program
Streams, loads, does everything quicker
Good browser for flash based sites.
It olny needs to be ff and rewind capable
Good stuff
Bolja optimizacija, malo je spor program, malo ruznjikav za moj ukus i fali mogucnost prilagodjavanja za svaciji ukus... sem toga nemam zamerki!
Good browser
The software offers a free trial to video in nuilt downloader then after the trial expires you get contant pop-ups.very annoying.....
Good
Never an issue
It "worked" but didn't do what I had hoped for.
It's a great browser when I had it on my prevail but the video doesn't work on my ZTE warp... It just keeps on buffering and that's it...  For the ZTE Warp, I have to rate it a 2 but for my prevail, I'll give it a 4 (slower than other browsers but good with video)
I use it for better flash support in desktop mode. Has a lot of bells and whistles, but I haven't tried most of them. looks a little crowded with all the options and all...
I like the integration with social media
Good app
I love this browser but has a force close issue when switching to other programs and back again. Gets kind of annoying.  I am running it on acer iconia tab a500. A new update would be great.  Thanks for great a product.
Love it
Like it
I'll give four stars because sometimes it doesn't log out properly of certain sites.
Great browser
Works very well.
Good
Very Helpful,Nice and Fast!!
Force closes at times and closes without warning when surfing net but workin well
Nice
Pretty good
App keeps force closing. Its a POS on my Galaxy Nexus
It's pretty good.It can be buggy at times.I like the quick apps to FB and Twitter but sometimes they don't work.Had it with windows.It was better then
Good video handling.
Nice program and lets me get round some flash issues but unfortunately cant pause of fast forward video so if i close i have to play entire thing again, has its issues but good program.
this app's biggest marketing feature is that it is supposed to be free and support flash video. what the developers neglect to mention is that the one big feature of flash to HTML 5 support is merely a trial and doesn't last past 3 days. this app gives a misleading description and thus wastes a potential user's time who may be searching for a truly functional browser for his or her android device.
Pretty awesum browser ! Easy to use, can view flash videos (free for us who've had it for a while), downloads stuff widout corrupting em :)
Good
Works great but paying for video is a minus
Great Option to Default Browser
It will be better if it have pause/play option for videos.
Great browser
It's better than the stock browser.
Good
No Problems that I can attribute to the browser. Skyfire is better than the stock browser in my phone. And don't let bad reviews put you off buying the video license. My phone is unable to play flash video. I bought the Skyfire licence as a last resort when I should have made it my first choice solution. Works like a charm.	I've been using Skyfire for a few months. And been disappointed that I didn't get flash video compatibility which is what I installed it for. But it is faster than the stock Android browser, so I stuck with it. It never bothered me with any of the 'begging' for me to buy the video codecs. I wish it had, as I only heard about them a few weeks ago, and held back from buying them because of the bad reviews and complaints til just a week ago. But I coughed up, and... hoo flippin rah! Now I can watch flash video
Works just great on my tab.
Very good
5 star for free flash
I first used this browser when the video option was free...then it switched to being free for Verizon ppl. Now I'm forced to buy the key? This used to be a good browser, now its greedy with little change and its still cluttered. Uninstalled!
Upgrade your native browser, you won't be disappointed.
Don't like the ads or video trial junk but the browser is good
All in all I like it it helps me go places I couldnt go before on the web the only down side is I cant pause the video which makes smooth watching problamatic
Works great
Works great
Ive had no problems with this app. it allows me to watch espn's videos that I cant see without flash. Priceless !!!
Very good program to try, working nicely in my Galaxy Tab 8.9
F'n cool
F'n cool
After i pause for a while and start playing it shuts out of a video
You cant turn it off with the current version and it makes every single page feel like it has a pop up ad blocking the bottom of the screen.  What a shame.
like this, but not perfect of the world.
i hope devteam of skyfire never give up to more innovation...
Is not as fast as suggested.
Quick, to the point and good video watching
Excellent App. but forclosed too many times.
I still use my basic browser because when opening a new window with Skyfire it pops in front, but it's awesome whenever I need to watch a Flash video.
good
good
I like this browser its much faster
Good for entertainment,  but not for professional user
Best browser for viewing in desktop.
Got to pay for flash now:-((((
It's nice
Good browser
Good
Seems to work well with adult tubes
Cool
Wasted my baterry
Good app!
Very good browser could be faster with the toolbar
Yea its really works gr8...
Thumbs up!!!!
Love the android/desktop switch view
Good tool for browsing.
Great
Good
Add a flash downloader, last star will be filled :)
Useful app.... Worth the download!
Worst pop up beg
Good browser.
Pretty Good, But No Silk Browser.
Please Remove constant Pop up Reminder to buy Video play license/capability
Let's me pull up full webpages with no problems. Very little force closings. Will ask for money for video licensing at first, but eventually stops.
Just started using it ..least it lets me play flash
I like this app, but because it doesn't have a page forward button like it has a back page button. Also the request to purchase the video link it irritating. Always popping up even when you click no. Several times on the same site. Hate that.
its a pretty cool browser, could be better though
Great web browser.
I WOULD'VE given 5 full stars, but after awhile, it wouldn't allow me to watch video using it's built in viewer, which worked great btw. Other than that, great internet browser, especially for a mobile phone. -Jeff Droid Razr
Good browser but sometimes error in downloading .. should have a download manager of own
Good
Work fine
It's a pretty solid app. Since the last update, it has been shutting down on its own though. Other than that, it's ok.
Simple, easy to set up and use.
Best web browser
Great browser ...works well
Should be 5 stars if there is an exit button
Goodie
Faster than any internet I use
works fine
Good browser Samsung GalaxyS
Good browser Samsung GalaxyS
I liked how i can browse the web very easy and there is no complications the only downside is that some times it forecloses on me  other than that good app
I wil try
Keep asking to buy every 30 secs
Good browser, very fast
This app is amazing and i will be buying the video but its lacking one thing your video player does not have a pause button so if u stop it you have to start it from rhe begining but other than that its flawless
very good
Great app
Pretty quick to load pages.
Good
Dose what it says
Great browser cant complain
Worked on some sites was fairly useful and I even bought the paid version. Unfortunately C spire blocks it and gives a tethering message.
Really liked it during 1st week. Didn't have time to really explore during 1st week and thus delayed sending $ when asked. Now it crashes whenever I try to open it. Not worth putting any more time into seeing if the video support or anything else is worth it.
Other than the pressure to buy addons for a day or so great solid browser
Awesome
Works with flash. Stops many websites forcing you to use their rubbish mobile versions.
Truth Good app. Allows me to do what needs to be done.
Love it for desktop websites
Needs you load videos faster
Mejorar la descarga ...pero esta bien ..
It works well with my droid x!
Nice, but freezes up sometimes
What a refreshing change!
Google play store said it was free but its barely usable with prompt to buy some video add-on every 2 secs.  Beware
It keeps begging me to buy the full version, but other than that it's great!
Works most of the time, but there are some sites that still do not think mobile is much of a market. Not the browser's fault.
I love this browser but exactly half the time it crashes when opening it when on android 4.0. Please fix and i will give 5 stars again..
stupid auto correct on phone
It works better than the standard htc internet on certain sites. Worth then to have installed.
Good quality app.
Good quality app.
This is a smooth browser and load time is the differentiator
Does everything it claims and more.
I like the preset home page and the easy to use interface.  Crashes occaisionally.
The video feature only sometimes works as needed. No YouTube. Slow bootup.
Excellent. Bit glitchy some times tho, otherwise great browser...
It crashes every now and again, deask top option on you tube doesn't work, otherwise very good browser
Great program!
Good
Doesn't work with the Galaxy Note.
Good
Best browser for videos
Not bad
Very good browser ! !
Is a very good app
I.luv dis app
Its cool program esay to use.try it not gonna regret
Its cool program esay to use.try it not gonna regret
Can't do many things after I updated to ICS 4. Main thing can't copy text, in address bar, before all ok. Videos are not prompted with view or download. Videos start downloading only! Have mentioned to skyfire team before. Need an update quick. Skyfire is brilliant otherwise.
Skyfire force closing to much on my xperia x10a running 2.3.4 firmware.
Excellent browser. Fast. Not sure whether it compresses other content on web pages other than video.
Hmm. 4 stars for now. Let's see what Skyfire can do on Virgin Mobile's HTC WILDFIRE S.
Very good app. Fast and interlink with Facebook, tweeter etc.
Really good
Basically it's a better browser than others but nt good at handling pop up windows... still awaiting patches or updates
Horrible app... and whats pathetic is that it was great years ago when it was in beta, now the useless devs have slowly ruined their own product. Very sad, glad i had a beta license and never had to waste $$ on it.
It is slow, but I can view full page. Is my favorite
Great browser
It was a great browser, but now there are 3 other browsers that do the same thing and more.
Good work
Force closing when first started on Galaxy tab. Wish they would fix this.
Fast and swift browser.
Nice and fast,but on some jquery sites it gets messed up
Been using this browser for as long as I can remember. Would be five star if the random fc closes would go away!
Makes watching videos and browsing easy and quick.
Great app!
Good
:-D
Good
Wish video was free though
Good
Stop asking to buy video. Otherwise it works.
well it was going fine until i found out how incredibly slow and messy it was.  the interface is really cluttered and boring ... really need to fix that -.-
You should try it.
I recommended this to a few people at work and they love it
V.good but the browsers video player needs a scrolling option
I cant reel video, but thanks skyfire. Now I can watch videos on Gio! Hope that someday I can talk in chatrooms with s. Too
Would like rewind or pause. Good though.
Loved it on my evo, but on new s2 samsung it is just junk. Can't believe so many problems with other s2 as well.  Have a lot of force closes and videos don't play even with the add on application. Please fix now developers.
A good fast browser. Please add the option for saving a webpage for offline reading later.
Could upgrade the video player but still not bad...
Works well on my modded My Touch 4g running ICS (Awesome ICS ROM).  Only issue is not being able to copy and paste the address bar on push and hold.
Light, fast, loads videos...what more would we ask for . HTC Desire
Even though I don't Tweet or Facebook I like the clean setup-HOPING 4 the tab option 2 open in background then 5 rating-CrissysEVO
Cool app
Very nice alternative browser..
Good
Fantastic browser, great for downloading .
It is among the fastest browse
awesome
I love this browser love the tabs
Good
I use it a lot for live streaming. It works just fine. I only wish we could have a true full screen option. I m overall really pleased with it and i did not find a faster browser.
:-)
Best Android Web Browser App
I really enjoy this app, it's faster than google.  O if to agree with the other person that commented on rating.  I would have rated a 5 as well, were it not for the pop up to buy video.
Best browser available, needs color varieties .five★s with adding color varieties.
The app works great.
Overall a good browser.
Overall a good browser.
Out  of this world. Make you feel your browsing in you're house, but your are in a smartphone. Great App, Thanks Guys.
Ok
GET IT. Unable to install flash on your device ? Now play iplayer, espn and many many more. Watched the entire fa cup semi final on my galaxy ace , through a p2p site. Video licence well worth the money . Reason for only 4 stars is loading time and closing time, its not monsterous but cud be a bit quicker (app itself not video(which is extremely fast and smooth)). Its just a must especially if you own a samsung or other non flash phone. GET IT YOU WILL BE VERY HAPPY. 3 DAY FREE VIDEO TRIAL ALSO.
Works very well with micromax a70.....
I would've put 5 stars but that sign keeps popping up and there iz no other way to pay only credit card
Yus.
Very good browser, still need to improve . Best deskstop version of internet browser for Android
Great app
Wery nice.
Its ok
Fee
Good app. Not much else to say really.
Very good
Nice one
Its cool, this app has a lot of features that makes it cool to me, like the option to clear history after you close out.
Its cool, this app has a lot of features that makes it cool to me, like the option to clear history after you close out.
I likeded it !!!  Es the bomb !!!
Ive had it and used it for awhile and it normally works great
Excellent
Better than I thought it would be. I only wish the video player was free.
There are a great many browsers on the market but this is the one I always come back too.
One step to ★★★★★, make browser can save page, i'll give u one more
Hey this browser has been amazing until now. Now it says 'Account suspended' when i go on the website iv been goin on all this time :'( plz fix
Reak swell. Lets me view porn
Doesn't work with galaxy nexus and/or android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.  Crashes like crazy, literally unusable, uninstalled same day I installed it
Doesn't work with galaxy nexus and/or android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.  Crashes like crazy, literally unusable, uninstalled same day I installed it
Works well
Good
Now i can see Flash enable videos on my Galaxy Ace....!
Awesome!
It is a browser in its special class.
Happy so far
Superb. Great for streaming the footie
Great browser
.u get a new phone or reset it and they want u 2 pay again no way it was crap any way
I love the modern look and all the user friendly things available. Some content doesn't load though
Pretty good
Very very fast response
Nice :)
Works well, fairly straight forward. Occasional crash
It opens web pages just like on pc
Every time i close browser the next time it use it it force closes.
Nice
Hotness
Its iight
Just needs to enable opening new tabs in background then it would perfect
good enough but there's rooms for improvement.
Has a strong design focus on video playback, but otherwise fairly average.
Its good browser it works fot me.
Nice browser
Awesome
Nice app
It lets me do things other browsers don't.
Perfect!
Perfect!
Perfect!
Works well as a desktop browser in GT 10.1. Since HBO GO app does not work for GT 10.1, this browser does the job pretty well.
Better than stock
Works great, just slow.
Great app! Just like a desktop or laptop browser
Great app
Good browser
Sooer
Greatest browser
Not bad but bloaed ad crashes alot
I really like this browser. I just haven't figured out how to do everything on it. It's still kinda confusing. That's why I'm not giving 5 stars.
Good browser...use it on ipad so I.can.watch flash video as well
Does a great job, only browser that I use.would be five stars if it played all videos.Yet I think its the best out there for this lil app that can be moved to SD card.
Great browser
I love it.
The best browser hands down
great app for browsing with flash
Good
Finally I can have multiple tabs open on my browser
Still works well.... though I hate the fact I need to buy the video key since my other phone malfunctioned.
Solid browser
Great app. Love it
Great app although keep closing.  The faster outhere
It lets me go beyond Apple in watching videos on the internet.
The only problem is that i have to pay for the video plugin :(
Love how fast it loads on my prevail...easy controls and user interface...
Good App
Jst a lil slow
Good for playing flash
IMO, Skyfire ranks right up there with Dolphin and Opera. I would definitely recommend giving Skyfire a shot, especially if your into social networking. Every browser has its pluses and minuses and Skyfire is no different... My only real complaint with Skyfire would be that it sometimes asks you to rate the app our like it on Facebook when launching. Hope this review will squash that!
Stable app
I really find this to be the best browser for android os to date
Good app
Good app
Its good
Its good
Would rate 5 STARS but constant video to buy add is annoying....love the app
Nice browser
Cool application
Lots of options
Have a 7" Galaxy tab and can hit many video and picture sites without crashing. Will pay for it so I can watch NBC shows. Still cannot hit HULU.
I like it because it faster then other browse
It a koo it just needs to support more video sites cnt watch movies
All in one helps for Facebook settings to act like a computer
good app
Great browser but not as fast as my default. Seems to take up alot of resources comparatively.
Overall not too bad.
5 star if it's free and plays flash video. Btw, 4 is good enough.. should be 5 though.
5 star if it's free and plays flash video. Btw, 4 is good enough.. should be 5 though.
Great browser, great download.
I use this every day great browser
Good
Works better than the browser that came on my phone. Satisfied with the app.
Good app
Awesome
it always works
Works well with ICS. It will hang every so often forcing a restart but this is few and far between. Very comfortable interface
After tweaking settings opens most websites just like on a desktop.
Works pretty well and even shows webpage in normal format.  Would give it 5 stars but t crashes from time to time on my galaxy tab.
update it asap!
It would be better without that stupid dash bar thing popping up all the time.	Almost like a desktop browser, just needs different menu options
Nice web browser
The developer is rigorous in making smart changes to this app. That alone would make it worth supporting. Why not 5 stars? I'm waiting for it to perfectly emulate desktop access to every site I go to. After all, I can run my Evo through a TV, so why not every site?
I  really like this app
It's alright, it was better when I first had it.
Very slick ..
This App saves me time.
I like that it doesn't automatically switch every site to mobile. That's what I am looking for. Moto Bionic
I like that it doesn't automatically switch every site to mobile. That's what I am looking for. Moto Bionic
was working well until the last update - now it suddenly closes (not even a force close message) all the time...This is getting very annoying. LG Ally
Nice browser
Since my Optimus-V (Virgin Mobile) cannot run Flash files, this is the only way I can view them.  Sometimes it is a little clunky to use in practice, but it works.
Like the program, wish I could remove icons from bottom toolbar
Runs like the wind
No complaints... yet
Fast internet great if phone especially slow. I like it
Fast internet great if phone especially slow. I like it
Has many options standard  browser doesn't.. Don't need no water let the muthafu-a burn.. Burn  SKYFIRE burn...
U get the pc interface which i really like. So nice browser
It works just fine for me.
This is a great app! I recommend it to everyone, apple, android, or windows phone user.
Better than default browser us cellular mesmerize. Sometimes slows phone or force closes.
Great app just wish there was an option to fast forward and rewind video
Great
Great
fine gteat, hopfully fast as opera 11 on pc soon.
Best web browser
I love this browser and i use it for just about everything!
Works Nice on my device.. galaxy s
But I can't scroll embedded text boxes.
Rally gud.....
There is no button to back in ad ons like facebook except this great app
Ok
But needs to fix some freezing isues with video playback on ICS 4.0.3....pls update soon
The bottom bar is annoying
Very good
Really good browser.  Does what I need it to do when I need it to do it.  Plenty of settings to customize my browsing experience.
Only reason for 1 less Star than 5, is because It hangs @ timez. Then U have 2 start over. HTC Wildfire S
Love it....fast.
Skyfire is best browser as it openes sites in desktop mode not in mobile mode.and u can open tabs more tha four.
Very good
Love it just wish it was faster.
Good app
Video upgrade nag screen is ridiculous. Will pass on this one. Update...no more nagging. Plays Flash well, fast with nice interface. Now 4 stars.
Video upgrade nag screen is ridiculous. Will pass on this one. Update...no more nagging. Plays Flash well, fast with nice interface. Now 4 stars.
Nice browser!
Its awesome to be able to
K
Only way to use flash on my phone
Great!
Nice app.
Starting to dislike being forced to rate them on the market every 10th time I open the program.
Runs smooth, no issues.
Can't see multiple videos on same page on some sites. But great browser. Also that stupid menu. Bar keeps popping up and I keep hitting it. Please make it not pop up every time I click something.
So far so good, anyone recived a free video views, because was a earlier user?
Finally a browser satisfactory  One thing to fix......4g load up time is VERY SLOW
Like
Hey skyfire  Idont want your STUPID VIDEO LICENSE
The video functionality is great but it would be perfect if it was possible to pause and control playback of videos. Also, some website videos don't work like pinkbike for example..
Works good
Streams video good
If you heavily rely on an explorer or need a lot of features, this one has plenty.
Not bad, I have used this on two cell phones, performance there is better than my Galaxy Tab 10.1
awesome app....i can see my fav videos
Excellent
Great app
browser yg oke bgt.
somply owesome
Nice..
Opera had too many pages that would not show or looked very buggy. I would turn to this browser many times. Now it's all I use. Only complaint is, hard to close tabs, app.
Awesome
Good app!
Very good
Overall it performs well BUUUT a tweak or two about the crashing is due.
Great
Better than standard
Good
Great app... Need to improve on home screen by making a favorites tab for users to access their webpages quickly. For users who like to copy text from webpages its a long process to select the text and use them...
Great app... Need to improve on home screen by making a favorites tab for users to access their webpages quickly. For users who like to copy text from webpages its a long process to select the text and use them...
Thanks for a smooth browser.
Does most of what i want
Mantaaaaaaap:D
Sometimes crashes upon entry and have to run again to get to work - not a major problem but is a little annoying.  It seems to handle regular sites better than android default browser.  I dont need or use the fancy features at the bottom of the screen, I just need a browser that browses the web without a lot of compromises or crashes.
Works great ,no problems so far.
I hate the bottom bar.
I love skyfire. Works great on my Optimus. Only problem  I have is, ABC Family, NBC, and some shows on Fox does not work. Other than that, its sweet!!!
It dont have any choice to skip rating
Its okay
good but much less updates compared to other browsers.
good..
It works great but sometimes it takes to long and i have perfect wi-fi connection but other than that its great
Great browser with tweaking capabilities.
nice one
Would give it a five if it had screen cut
Morning problems found, seems to work flawlessly so far.
Good app
Love the app. Thinking of iphone because of so many problems on droid system no matter how many times I change my phone. Hope this app is over there. Never had any issues with this app, it's  solid.
Nice
GS2
Helps me play videos, since I don't have flash
Forces close alot otherwise 5 stars. You can see desktop versions instead of mobile.
The best browser by far for speed and compatibility. The only one I use for REAL web browsing!
Oh..its a trial..not free
Would be a five but needs to play flash better and faster but it works great still
More than one way to watch on line
Need a bit firster...
Pete j Very good mobile browser
Great app but it needs to have an option to auto zoom webpages when viewing in desktop mode
Awesome & Unique!
Nice
Great browser
Best I have found for using the web in non-mobile mode
my default browser....
Nice I like
It has beena good browser
Works as well as expected
Good
good
Pretty good
I love it! I used to have opra mini and when I downloaded this I uninstalled opra mini! love this app!! Goodjob guys...
I love it! I used to have opra mini and when I downloaded this I uninstalled opra mini! love this app!! Goodjob guys...
Really great.
Its awesome its wow it toyaly freak me out an i told my friend skyfire is number 1....
Faster than youtube
Awesome browser!
Still has a little trouble with some areas and videos, but overall great app
very good browser lacking support on alot of sites and no interactivity with the stream being viewed. i have the vid licence would i have to buy it again if installed on another device?
Not bad
Fix your app! Typing input doesn't work on 50% of sites!
Great browser
good for you tube look at stuff for hours and little percent get used in data plan
Muy buen browser
Good
When watching movies if I receive a call I have to start the movie over from the beginning and there's no rewind or forward button in the movie player other than that its a good app it does what it says it do
Super great
Crashes in new ics update but decent otherwise
Not like I expected, needs less things... the makers need to allow it to still be simple yet advanced.
Let me watch first.
Been using this for years, installed it on my iPhone first, then got an android phone, and haven't looked back. Worx exceptionally well on the android devices! Video indication button isn't perfect but it's getting there. Is it faster than that flipper browser? Maybe, maybe not, but I've decided that every thing I need is within react at the bottom toolbar (social media n such) and I don't need to download any add-on crap to clutter up my OS. Overall it's my only go to mobile browser that I use on a daily basis! B-) Cool app!  Device OS tested: Android 4.0 * * * *
Been using this for years, installed it on my iPhone first, then got an android phone, and haven't looked back. Worx exceptionally well on the android devices! Video indication button isn't perfect but it's getting there. Is it faster than that flipper browser? Maybe, maybe not, but I've decided that every thing I need is within react at the bottom toolbar (social media n such) and I don't need to download any add-on crap to clutter up my OS. Overall it's my only go to mobile browser that I use on a daily basis! B-) Cool app!  Device OS tested: Android 4.0 * * * *
Really like it. Although sometimes it closes on it's own
Love this browser on my dell streak.
Love this browser on my dell streak.
Nice app. I just dont like the nagd to buy the video upgrade
Great app!!
Does everything I need.  Sometimes its a bit slow though.  Great intelligent app.
Does what it says...
Love its video feature but browsing lacks sometimes ..as compare to the dolphin browser
This browser is simply awesome.
The best of breed by far.
I installed this and then decided to try out the video feature, but it says the free trial is OVER. I just got this TODAY. Fix this please.
Little buggy but its better than stock browser.
Little buggy but its better than stock browser.
Nice. I figured out how to shut off the annoying pop up
Very good........
User interface it's a little hookie, but the video feature is great.
Its Good
It's pretty sweet but it is kinda cluttered. So I wouldn't mind a more streamlined look.especially in the toolbars
I like it.
I love the functionality but does have a fair amount of forced closes.
Plz. Fix switch above desctop and mobile view. I want to switch YouTube in desctop view. But even if I press on YouTube "desctop" tab. I see mobile view. Plz. Fix it. Can't use ur starfire player.
Great
Good app but force close often on my samsung galaxy tab 7.7 ! Fix it please!
Good
Slow as molasses. Opera is still better. Uninstall.
It is a great alternative to the stock android brower. Also has an option to browse in desktop mode so you open full web pages instead of the mobile.
Enough said
Gud app bt use as alternate browser. not gud for al web  pages.
Nice featutures.
This is a super good browser the video really saves my data plan
Would like the annoying video sign up to stop popping up.  Its perfect except for that.
Awesome browser
Very reliable fast server\browser
So Excellent
Very fast browser. I love it
Does what it can when it can
Best
Very Good!
Very happy
Very happy
Love it.  Gives you the actual home page of the site you want.
Its really great when it comes to flash and vid streaming but still need a bit more
4 stars
Excellent
Better than Opera
It is really good browser
Good
Nice Good for downloading And viewing videos
Work as described. Not the fastest browser but  a good one.
Works really well.
2nd best browser to dolphin
I'm choosing this as my default browser on Galaxy S II.  Fast & smooth - it just works.    I took 1 star off due to the forced rating.  I had already given a 5 star rating previous to new forced "feature" - take it off.
I'm choosing this as my default browser on Galaxy S II.  Fast & smooth - it just works.    I took 1 star off due to the forced rating.  I had already given a 5 star rating previous to new forced "feature" - take it off.
It is working nice
The UI looks like a really crappy IFRAME rather than an app, the two toolbars take up half of the screen, icons are blurry, the app is super confusing, and the whole UI is jammed full of things that nobody will use. Poor excuse for an app.
Overall pretty good. Sometimes shuts down unexpectedly.
The app deserves 5STARS ' its just on my lg optimus v , whenever i go to bookmarks it force close ! PLEASE FIX
Good
Works pretty well on Acer A500.  Installed it w/ video plug in.  Got tired of exiting stock browser to watch video.
Slow and no video trial means I hae this POS. Uninstalled.
video won't work on myTouch 3G it showed me a dialog that video is 3 days trial but it was only three minutes and it showed me that my three days video trial is over [i didn't even used video feature :'( ] and when I tried sending feedback (located in setting) application crashed >:(
Loads page on galaxy 3 to slow,  default android search load faster, anoying notification buy video licence on every page i visited, didnt tested other features...
Does what it says
Best all around browser on the market.
Sweet browser.
I would rate 5 stars but there are some issues. Force closes at least once or twice per day. Paying for the video key is ridiculous. Why charge now for the same service that was previously free? Takes forever to load the browser so when I'm in a hurry I just revert back to others that are faster...positive side is that this browser rates way higher than any other on any browser benchmark test I have run and is set up in a nice easy to use format...
Good
Works well
A+++
Y U No update!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good fast browser
To run flash on unsupported devices, this is a helpful solution
Good browser.
Good browser.
It is the fastest and easy application i have used.I find it more comfortable than others.
Much better than what I was using! Now I can see all the stuff that was missing! Thankyou!
Nice browser
Works good on cricket score although it does have force close issues
Great on Evo
Fast, renders most pages really well. Only issue is it sometimes closes randomly.
Fast
They should add the download gauge and the option of fast forwarding with a touch of the play bar
Awesome app! They should make the video trial longer, but other than that I love it.
Nice
Video license should be free though.
Video license should be free though.
It's pretty kool
In my phone the most complete browser. I like the hability to view videos.
Overall..best mobile browser I've used
Very useful.  Links to good sites.
A1 exselent brouser
cons Mandatory toolbar  I don't like the toolbar I don't use it nor need it (takes up too much screen space to type or view pages on droid x even if I use fullscreen view).  I would have rated excellent if there were an option to disable the toolbar. Pros -Videos load and play well -Like that it has an option to view mobile and desktop webpage views -Appears to load pages quickly  -responsive
cons Mandatory toolbar  I don't like the toolbar I don't use it nor need it (takes up too much screen space to type or view pages on droid x even if I use fullscreen view).  I would have rated excellent if there were an option to disable the toolbar. Pros -Videos load and play well -Like that it has an option to view mobile and desktop webpage views -Appears to load pages quickly  -responsive
Lots of search options.
My favorite browser on my smart phone
Its close to an excellent browser as they come.
Great for browsing and playing videos
Great for browsing and playing videos
Great for browsing and playing videos
I couldn't download a lot of x rated and other videos on net w my LG optimus, but this apparently opens all of em. Defenitely try this one. Thanks.
Awesome browser
Not bad
I took one star for random force closes
Soo useful n bettr than the reg browser! Man peeps u dnt knw wht ur missing
Fast loading, but with one issue for galaxy tab 10.1, it force close itself sometimes
Keeps popping up with video trial expired. Bookmarks cause force close. Boat Browser is better by far!
it really good better then the stock browser but dolphin HD its alot more faster and way better sorry skyfire switching to dolphin HD bye
Better than anything else on Motorola Triumph
It's Okay!!
Works really well on my razr. When i use it on galaxy tab 10 it crashes a lot several updates have not fixed this
I had dolphin for a bit, didn't really care for it. This is much better. HTC EVO
Had a brief play with this. Did a decent job of rendering pages, but felt sluggish on my RAZR compared to Opera.  Interface isn't particularly slick, and standard zoom option didn't seem to work. Overall, didn't seem worth my time.
Awesomeness
Awesomeness
Works great
Fast, small n easy to use
Best way to remove the preloaded "locked" bookmarks from Verizon. Only used it for that anyway. Thanks!
Best way to remove the preloaded "locked" bookmarks from Verizon. Only used it for that anyway. Thanks!
Good app.
Great, no negative comments.
For a browser that I can play MMORPG's on. Sigh.
It's definately the fastest Android browser. Im using SGS2 and it is very fast but the UI is crappy.
Would have been 5 stars but it does crash about every two days on zoom.
Beyond great..keep it up..
Shouldn't have paid feature. Shouldn't browser this era by all mean free?  One more thing, I just use it second time and it force me to write a review here.
Sky Fire This is better than the android browser
Above average. Recommended to all.
Good app
Great app
Awesome, since the update fix!!! Best browser bar non for the Samsung Moment!
Highly recommended!
Great web browser, can go on most full website ....
LOVE the browser / HATE the toolbar below. Totally wastes good space
Good brower for new user of android phone like me
Good brower for new user of android phone like me
Falls short of re-sizing the fonts in landscape. Takes up hefty resources when you have a movie in the browser but hey, it works flawlessly. Great app still....thanks developer.   Good job!
Gud
Works great. Simple to use. One star is lost as its not possible to disable the bottom bar.
still can't play cafe world though
Very very good browser and one that is as easy to custimize as it is to just pick up and browse.
Good n fast.
I could always count on Skyfire to see the videos I want. :)
A great pc like experience
Very good but occasionally crashes. Also no way to getty rid of those social buttons altogether
Does ok for me!
Can be more faster.
Good browser only but every search result is American and i can't find where to change it to UK
Realy good
Realy good
Very good app - does what is says on the tin but needs to be refined
Seems clean and functions well
Seems clean and functions well
Nice application
Buy a license for the video function? Too many other free ones out there.
I love it
This has proven to b 1 of my favorite apps. Watch video instant fb access awesome!!
To be honest i like this browser for tha simple fact that the google search bar is included as if im on a desktop
Would be better if it you fixed it. Crashed 7 - 10 times yesterday. LG Thrill
Loads most sites good with good display. Occasionally  crashes but not a deal breaker
It nice apps
Works well!!!
Butu viskas gerai jei jis nebutu toks letas
Great job
Skyfire and Android go together like porkchops and applesauce. The only issue is not being able to organize bookmarks. Mr developer, bookmark manager!
I'm adding another star now that I understand better how to get the videos to play.  You may still get an error message about needing Flash Player, but you have to press the video analyze button to get the video to play.  My only complaint now is the amount of phone memory usage.  I'm on the LG Optimus.
Fix the problems on the " we play lots of video, but not this one" and five stars!!!!!
Occupationally crush in galaxy note running on gingerbread,  please fix.
Btw icon video nya ganggu bnget
I'm so glad it's finally released! Picked it up right away. Worth it if you need to connect to a RealVNC Enterprise server!
Awesome thats all I can say with the flash play awesome.
It would be better if you could rewind, pause and fast foward the flash videos. Atleast for those that paid for the full version.
Ive had this almost a year, some of your complaints r bc u know nothing about the app. I was an unfortunate froyo buyer (husband did not knowing better), but the people that complain on this are wrong wrong wrong!!! AND IF YOU ARE HAVING A PROBLEM, WRITE THE DEVELOPERS, I DID 3 TIMES & THEY GOT BACK TO ME IN A DAY OR TWO! please know what you're griping about b4 you put it down as a comment. Write you're comment, give them 2days 2 to rply,then spew ur hate. I pay 40$ unlim mnthly &miss nothing bc Skyfire!TY
Ive had this almost a year, some of your complaints r bc u know nothing about the app. I was an unfortunate froyo buyer (husband did not knowing better), but the people that complain on this are wrong wrong wrong!!! AND IF YOU ARE HAVING A PROBLEM, WRITE THE DEVELOPERS, I DID 3 TIMES & THEY GOT BACK TO ME IN A DAY OR TWO! please know what you're griping about b4 you put it down as a comment. Write you're comment, give them 2days 2 to rply,then spew ur hate. I pay 40$ unlim mnthly &miss nothing bc Skyfire!TY
great browser
great browser
Nice
Works great but everytime i press bookmark it automatically fc. Fix plz. Other than that, perfect.
Stable browser.... use less memory.... Nd facebook inside...
Stable browser.... use less memory.... Nd facebook inside...
Stable browser.... use less memory.... Nd facebook inside...
Great
faster than opera
Like it
Ability to serve and accommodate page behaviors and widgets better than other browsers.
Great! Awesome browser. Hold down the back key to exit! Wish Android browser did that!
Great! Awesome browser. Hold down the back key to exit! Wish Android browser did that!
Had this app for awhile, able to surf privately, no problems and play video.
Super fast browser
Nice browser
Fast very fast excellent ap
I love the application how the nice work
Fast and easy to use, great for videos
Great app. Love the link  sharing feature!
Very good
good job
Supper
I can't find the history button when it crashes
Well
Well
Faster and can show almost all flash videos.
Faster and can show almost all flash videos.
Extremely reliable, very stable.
Extremely reliable, very stable.
Extremely reliable, very stable.
Good one!
It does exactly what I need
Good
Very good
Great
Needs video skip feature or video resume feature otherwise 5 stars
One of the good browser more like if stop asking about purchase of video licence
Best one.
Awesome
It good
It good
Nice app.more power
Love it Best web experience
its very nice
Multiple screens..fast..need I say more?
work really good in most websites where the installed explorer doesn't.
T-do
Work for espn3 .
Runs well on Sensation 4G but when I try to access the history it force course. Tried reinstalling several times but it is still a problem. But it is the best browser I have found.
Used to love this browser on my phone but now I have a nexus 7. It's not supported. Don't forget flash support!
Awsome
Thanks
Running on my Samsung galaxy s2 no problems.
The only browser I can use for flash
Used to work great on my photon ..  lots of freezing and crashing on the galaxy S3... almost every time u open it crashes..  any fix coming
Semoga lbh baik
Love it
My favorite browser ever
Just top of the rest.
I've had no problems. Dolphin has been acting up lately and I've been happy transitioning to this.
From 5 stars to what the f&$$_??? It used to be my fav browser I had the video free for being an original user but had to buy it when updated my phone.thats fine but now it crashes ALL THE TIME.It keeps asking me to send a notification to help fix it everytime it crashes and I do so please fix it!! Only reason i keep it its `cause i paid for the licnse.
From 5 stars to what the f&$$_??? It used to be my fav browser I had the video free for being an original user but had to buy it when updated my phone.thats fine but now it crashes ALL THE TIME.It keeps asking me to send a notification to help fix it everytime it crashes and I do so please fix it!! Only reason i keep it its `cause i paid for the licnse.
Nice browser
The latest update made the browser worse not better. It's not playing videos it use to play. I liked watching old episodes of DBZ. -Epic 4G phone
Just what you need for everyday browsing. A must have!
Great browser
Best browser I've used!
Best browser I've used!
Very quick and plays flash videos.
Love the layout of this browser. I just downloaded this, but I'm impressed so far.
Really like this browser, much more than firefox or ANY other browser so far.....! Found it very EASY to navigate!
nice app but sometimes it stops
I have useded it for years. Sony xperia, tablet, and LG phone all work great.
Nice.
Good app
I down loaded this on my HTC desire and Toshiba thrive and both had issues afterwards. Both would crash and both would delete app icons. My phone ringer kept switching to silent them would not let me switch back. If these problems are not fixed by deleting this app, I will revise my review.
Works great
this app, can only!!,get  better.
I have tried many browsers including Dolphin,  Opera,  Opera Mini, and of course MetroWeb,  and by far Skyfire is my absolute favorite.  One of the best features I believe, is that I have the choice to view sites in desktop or mobile.   I have been so frustrated w/other browsers that refuse to allow desktop view!   Try it~ I can guarantee you will agree that it's awesome.
Great web browser
Best app. Great if u like downloading movies
Best app. Great if u like downloading movies
It's the best browser out there for android.  Keep up the good work!
Very good browser, some odd little things but best I've found so far.
Oolala
Couldn't watch anything without it, watched Olympics, espn sports center etc. i have a v6 phone
lt 18 sony
lt 18 sony
Fast
I have a Galaxy tab2.  I want to apply to jobs on dice, but when I select "select file" on the page nothing happens.  Useless to me.
Yes...... Flash video's are play on My xperia x8 and browser Allso fast no...no....no.... It's super fast I love it ,Thanks
The best browser period
Awsome mobile web browser
Great browser!
I have no problems with skyfire, sometimes it lags but for most part it works great and without a problem
Crashes from time to time. And always asks to give it a review this is my 15th review Could be a samsung fireware problem
Good stuff
Works great!
I don't even use the browser my phone came with
Good and easy to use
Gj skyfire
I find you only need 1 browser and skyfire is it It does it all
Purdy good dude FAST!! Best browser for video
Ok
The best browser for those that want the best thing next to a browser w/ flash
Best Tab management for all Android browsers! - Thanks
Good for flash media  not supported by other browsers
Hate having to click on exit button. Would like to be able to back button out. Other than that great app.
Great app!!
Best internet
so far so good... i wonder why other complaints..
Best app ever
I have Firefox installed as well, but this app is lighter, quicker, and more flexible on a lot of sites.
I was so glad when I downloaded this browser. I have a tablet (tf300) and have tried dolphin, chrome, standard browser, and others but this one loads the web pages the fastest and is the most stable, does not give a not responding message. It is almost as fast as my desktop browser. Also I love the fact that this is the only one which opens up sub menus without opening them as a link. Like if you go to bestbuy's website and click products it opens a drop down menu where as other browsers open products as a link.
Easiest, my favorite
Easiest, my favorite
It crashes multiple times a day with the new ICS update. Going to start using another browser.	Really good browser, been using it for a couple weeks now. HTC EVO
Ever since ice cream sandwich on droid maxx razor always crashes never continuously works. Used to love it now looking for new alternative
I've tried many but sky fire is far and away my favorite browser using my pad.
No problems from this browser on my phone and yes its better than the phone's browser.
Very useful for low end mobiles which doesn't support flash player.
I really love this app, really great for any cell ive used for the last 2 years since I first used it, so good work ppl
Great
This is not fake... trust me..
This is by far the best internet app ever
This is by far the best internet app ever
This does worse than original browser installed on phone.  Screen doesn't auto-fit.  Popups don't self center and everytime I load the browser it gives me an error that says it needs to foreclose.  Deleting today, it's not for me.
Like this app a lots, really makes my HTC s comes alive;) try it you"ll see.
OK, so hands down, this browser is a tab faster than dolphin. However dolphin is much easier to use and has more add on, plus the reason I gave it a 4 star is because I can't seam to find where the history is on this browser... When this browser becomes more user friendly,it will have a chance.
very good for video
love this app, best browser for my tablet.
Great
Great browser  the video  feature works a  treat
Unable to copy url from toolbar
Unable to copy url from toolbar
Very good app.
Very good
Best
I been using the app above and it is GREAT on DROIDX, and thunderbolt. But I just upgraded my phone to Moto RAZR maxx and installed the app, I ran into few problems. The bookmark not working and the setting either. When ever I click on them, it come on a second and then back to homepage. Pls fix this since I love this browse than others. I give a 5 stars cos it is the best browser out there
Good application....
Best.
Nice
Yes
awesome app
Work good
it works exacly as the pc.
Ổn
Very functional and it does what it says. As a matter of fact it's the only one I have installed.
Works fine for me
Fast and easy to use!
Very cool application it rocks!
Koo download it now or i kil u fyi i see u
Great!
Just appreciate the work. someone went to school and learn how to make it. video flowing in flash great program to help me crash anywhere and watch toons or vids.
I really love this app
Nice-!!
J
Platform it has all the essentials and no useless features. Simple and fast.
How the hec is anyone supposed to test the free version of this (adds on fire browser) when everytime you go to a link an add pops up you end up clicking on them instead of where you want to link, cause the adds are bigger and always seem to catch and sense you finger first clicking in the spam add instead of where you want to go hitting the back button instead of where you want to browse,how annoying... Can't (Adds on Fire Browser) at least charge .99 cents at least to lose the adds for a free trial??
Works good
We hope this application dedicated for free forever
Awesome app
its worth to buy..very useful..
Great app... was going to purchase video license... sadly, it won't process a debit card as mode of payment... :(
Good job
Great app
My tablet just got even better! - Kogan 7" Agora.
My tablet just got even better! - Kogan 7" Agora.
My tablet just got even better! - Kogan 7" Agora.
Awesome browser
It's ok.
Best app ever
Awesome app
I live it.
I duno how does it work...bt its just awsmeeeee
Works. Lives up to it word and more. Becoming my favorite app.
Best browser I have ever used on Samsung Galaxy player 5.0..I can actually use the internet..I have high hopes that browser will be available to desktop PC's x
Lovely tool. Thanks.
Love it
Love it
This app is awesome
This app is awesome
From desire s to one x, still this web browser is the best when surfing and watchong movies. Good job for the developers
Love it..thanks
Very useful! Has become my default browser!
Best for browser
It is a very a good app a must have no problems so far easy to access features and I am very happy with my purchase.
Great :)
Great :)
This is its.
This is probably  one of the slowly  browser I have tried
G
my galaxy ace now can view flash on browser :-)
Zsees Asw Swsso sEw w saw z@@@!$@@www是之前我事儿上网我我完全完全我我作为我甚至上网我国完全我是我我甚至再三再四晚上i7(ip!swas@Wwwssss玩儿不转嫦娥#$移额上网我事儿童$
I really recommend this browser with android....no need to search more.	This browser works great, i like how i get the ability to view flash videos, or the whole webpage.
.user friendly for a novice or a pro.
like!!
Best app to see videos on hvga mobile phones
This app is pretty cool, but I think that it needs work on the view, there are to much options and settings on the screen instead of the website Page, can't find out how to change that. If yu could just remove the toolbar
App
Great organized browser but bookmarks button force closes. Another issue is how there is no copy and paste option on text inside the browser. If the small things are fixed, it would be a flawless browser.
Default browser
Default browser
App is worth while if you need to be able to watch videos and dont have adobe flash player.
App is worth while if you need to be able to watch videos and dont have adobe flash player.
Funcionou muito bem no meu Galsxy SII
It's perfect the fire is in the sky.
Works perfect.
I like it its a real good browser.
Browser is very nice, but since loading ics this product continues to crash. Sent report,but no feedback.	This browser has been super. Easier to use and more functionality. Highly recommend.
I love skyfire
I love skyfire
simple, free, awesome!
Got android get sky fire great app
Excellent
Good Good Good !!!!
Awesome
Very Nice
:-)
Good
The fastest browser i have used  yet
This browser is on point.
Great!!!!!
Absolutely Awesome
Nice app
Tooooo goooood
Would install this browser on any smart phone. I use it on my HTC 3D EVO 4G & HTC EVO 4G LT and works flawlessly in any type of coverage.
Skyfire is a great alternative if your phone doesnt support flash all its missing is the ability to rewind of fast foward but its worth the download
Cool
Still the best.
Love it
Super nice browser!
Digged -_-
The ALL IN ONE search option, social sites right there one click away, total time saver.  I really like, well it's so cool I sould say love the video link option you need to check this bad boy out.  ><>  Darryl
I was an early adaptor and qualified for lifetime video - unfortunately I bought a new phone and had to pay a few bucks - still the best though.
fine app...
Unable to seek/resume and only 3 days till force pay for video.
Fantastic browser fast actions
After all, for more then 5 years ive been paying for an Air card inter. For $50  Because I could not enter into my business apps because it contained to much info and I would also need enternet explorer but amazingly this app will save me 50 buks, itz a blessing, thanks Lord Jesus
Fast and easy to use
Leuk dat je flash kunt afspelen, ook als het de laatste versie is
Excellent
And there are WAY too many buttons along the bottom. I have to PAY to view video? Did I read that correctly? No flippin' way. Uninstalled.
Luv it the best Web browser
I've been using skyfire for over a year now and prefer it to all other browsers I have tried so far.   It has it's occasional hiccups, but then again what program/app doesn't?  Overall this is my browser of choice.   Keep up the good work.
It forcloses every time I use it.. Its really annoying... hasn't  been fixed so gonna have no choice but to uninstall.
Skyfire works very well on my Motorola Triumph. The video plugin is a must.
A Mini Browser that does it all.  Highly Recommend to cell pbone surfers.  !!MyTouch 4G!!
The Best.
The Best.
This is really good. Works smoothly and most importantly it enables pop-up logins to my school website which other mobile web browsers can't do. Now I can view my school work on the go. Definitely favourite  browser at the moment
Great!!
Love the ability to watch flash video with this. Works great on galaxy nexus running android 4.1.1 jelly bean
Great browser, fast, work great on the Galaxy Sll, no force close or restarts.
The best
i initially got the app for video on my droid like 8 months ago  but recently found it has a lot more..browser security for one and is easy to use! Nice to have...
Like the video option, and it gives you a choice of mobile or desktop display.
Like the video option, and it gives you a choice of mobile or desktop display.
Great browser. A plus to have.
Love this app
Best browser for android it is fast, I love it.
Videos are easy to watch and download.
The one and only best
Great!!
:)
:)
Cool app
Ubwr easy to use!
amazing
amazing
Got everything needed
Me like it
The video purchase popup keeps coming up every time u open a page that has video on it, this is really, really annoying if i say no once can that be it
Sometimes crashes at start. But over all great performance.
I have paid for this on my Ipod and my android any other flash web browser is Junk.  I LOVE skyfire and you will too.  As a matter of a fact this is the ONLY app for around that is worth paying for..  Also the only app that is useful for android.  So yeah buy and buy it now.
Works great with zte phone from cricket and  mx player
Like using a computer!
Nice: Uses Android bookmarks instead of its own set. Not nice: Too many annoying toolbars you can't get rid of.
Good browser
Loads full webpage. Including videos.
This is a great browser especially for media ...
Superb
Videos actually work!
good application
You did the best with this apps thanks i like but something missing the themes or skins
Best internet system
Will help phone better
Awesome browser lets you do things other can't. Also easy access to Facebook which is also very cool.
Forget the traditional ones & try this one.
(Y)
Great browser for huawei activation also for samsung admire had no problems thank you.
I like this browser because its does what its suppose to, I purchase the video app, and wiped my Galaxy Tab 10.1 many times reinstall the browser and it remembered that I already paid. 5 star
Nice browser
Plz fix this app so i can work on the new android 4.0.4 icecream software for samsung galaxys 2
Awesome, nuff said. Does everything I need! I tip my hat to the creator for his good work.
Awesome, nuff said. Does everything I need! I tip my hat to the creator for his good work.
Was excellent, now with the constant video popup and the fc, not worth using.... maybe I'll check back in a month, but honestly, once I've moved and gotten used to something else, I don't often leave it....
I love it
Works as the computer on my smartfone. Wonderful app with little or no limitation
This is such a fast and fluid browser. Soooo much better than the built in browser on the D2G. Honestly the best one I've gotten my hands on, since chrome isn't compatible with the D2G.
is great when u can see videos on any other site u can see on here but new phn and dont want to pay for it after having it free just bc of a new phn
I like this browser better than my regular browser that comes with my phone....XD
;)
it's going as plan
Excellent
Best web player.i hope they will free the video player search
Fast OK for now
ممتاز جدا لتصفح مواقع الصور حيث يمكنك من تحميل الصور بسهواة الى  الجهاز مثل موقع كتاب الوجوه ( فيس بوك )
Great Browser
If I could give you 10 stars, I would!
Works great
Just does what it made for.. all video and audio works. Fine.
Works well for me. Always been good for me. Just don't stop trying to improve it!
rally the best in thetest   restwest
Nice looking
Great browser.  Very swift n easy to use...
Easist to use, .
Useful
Plays all video including Amazon prime and flash pages that are not compatable with mobile flash such as remote telescope sites.
Video support not found in most tablet browsers!
Video support not found in most tablet browsers!
Its need To do flash video built in
Its need To do flash video built in
Its need To do flash video built in
Superb!... Loaded with usable features... Extreme Sociability... Excellent Media quality....
I like
Best weather app out there Accurate and easy to use
Good job
Love it!
Exactly what I've been looking for in a browser forever
Great
Awsome
Works well
Really enjoy this app!!
Great App!
Great App!
Best browser ever
So far, seems to be a great program - fast. Has been "popping" up requests to view movies, but may be down to me - big fingers holding the pad; a pain either way.
Excellent program!
Crashes constantly on HTC One X if I switch tasks. Was perfect on Desire S.
Best internet browser I've tried so far.
Amazing app because it gives like Fully computer UI LOVE IT
Amazing app because it gives like Fully computer UI LOVE IT
Great, faster than others, easier to access bookmarks, shortcuts and other common browser actions.
The experience is good .this software can do all work better than others.
Keep the good work
Love it....
Skyfire is the best browser app for mobile phone and android tablets Its the best app there is for android phone and tablets. Flash content and there hints and tip advisory its great number 1. And I have both tablet &
Skyfire is the best browser app for mobile phone and android tablets Its the best app there is for android phone and tablets. Flash content and there hints and tip advisory its great number 1. And I have both tablet &
Best browser, easy to navigate. Never forecloses.
I use this browser for videos - it does the best job of the browsers I have tried.
Good Browser
Fain
Good
It's easy to access and simple to use. Haven't had any problems so far.
Nuff said
Thinks alot
Excellent
Great
The best browser used
Its good ..
Say up front its $4.99
I tried them all. This is the best overall.
Best browser period!! Game over, I've tried them all and this is the perfect browser for Me. Deleted my stock browser when I found this one.
Awesome bruh bruh
Nuff said
Awesome...
Fast and safe browser
Crashes on Xoom all the time. Did this with HC and still does it with ICS.
The fire in name is real fire hot browser. Excellent!
Best browser for my phone. HTC Desire Z.
IPlayer and 4OD dobnt work. No good to me.
Had this for ages, they're constantly making it better. It's excellent!
would be a great free browser except for it pops up window asking you to purchase extra features EVERY TIME YOU SWITCH PAGES.
Awesome app live it!
Great browser.
Great browser.
Good browser. Moderately fast. Best thing about it is the ability to play videos. On all sites I've seen thus far.
i like it...... just like safari for androids:)
Awesome.......
It ok so far
Crashes once in a while but my thunderbolt is rooted anyways so who knows other than that flawless
Great Web experience! Love it.
Alla
Everyone needs this app! It is awesome. Would give 10 stars if I could. LG android.
Quite fast!!! But there is no copy paste options.
Cool
Cool
Works just like  my home PC.
The best browser you can get. Great for flash contents
5 star browser :)
Ausum browser for video streaming
The best mobile browser.
The best mobile browser.
Better than opera mini
Excellent
Great app
Definitely as advertised!
It is the best one out there, way better than stock...running honeycomb.
Great app for video streaming
It doesn't look very polished either. The people that say it's the best obviously haven't tried Google Chrome
Very easy to use
Great app works very well.
This browser displays the sites as is the user was using a desktop computer.  No feature is lost in the convertion by html5.  The page rendering is fast and another good feature it has is the preservation of the favorites from the tablet default browser. Highly recomended!
Runs every flash video I've tossed at it, including a lot of vids no other browser will run
Awesome and fast!
Awesome and fast!
Awesome
Pc web page experiance on mobile
Love it
some things are annoying, like the scroll bar sensitivity, but much better than most standard browsers. not a bad download, but room for improvement.
Great app
Streams videos well. Flash takes way to long. Almost instant video start up with Skyfire video service. Licence fee was totally worth it.
Never had a problem using this software.
Great fast I give 5 stars its the best
Great browser. Allows you to do more.
Great app
Nice browser
Have tried all the major players and this one won for me. Nice features and very clean interface
Super
You can watch almost any video on the web
You can watch almost any video on the web
Speechless. This is beyond words!
Awesome app
Awesome :)
I'm  happy
The best of all worlds.
Great
Great
One of my favorite apps. Get it if u don't have it.
That sucks just dl app and it tells me my 3 day video trial has expired...wtf :<
And that's all that mattered.
I was an opera fan, but this browser swept met away! Fast, smooth, and user friendly. To notch.
best app I ever downloaded now I can get on facebook on my fone instead if my laptop
Its good
China town funk
Пользуюсь больше года. Работает стабильно и шустро,удобно
Works great on sony tablet s. Love it for non mobile websites
For non flash mob...
I love it! :)
Excellent
Excellent
Apesar dos conflitos com o face
Awesome
I like it.
the best app
Simply the best!
Blocks popups
I am loving it eversince my first android HTC Desire
Does it
Good to go and really  fast
Good app, tough videos can't be viewed.
Good app
I like!
Awesome !!!!!
This browser is so awesome. And the shortcuts for Facebook and Twitter make browsing a wonderful experience..
Better than browser
Really great job. Perfect on my lg mytouch!!!!
Best browser and flash support once u get used to it u won't use any other....thanks
Good solid proGram
This is the best web browser app of all time!!! No other app cant touch this 1 :0!!!!
Best one for me!
works well
This browser was great in the infancy of android.  But now it  is just crowded with useless features that android natively performs.  And the upgrade beg for useless video feature  is pathetic and annoying.  Try Dolphin instead.
Nice and smooth
Nice app. Supports flash. Easy to use and fast.
Great App Period
I have tried them all. No browser works this good. It's the only one that opens full size without having to zoom and it's stable and fast.
Very good, highly reccomend it
Perfect for downloading porn.
nuff said
Excellent browser
Really fast.
It's very good browser.       Mahantayya.
CONSTANT messages to buy premium! Not going to so stop. Loved this on windows mobile but sucks on android.
Awesome
Not bad...
Cool
Perfect Browser.
Love this browser great for videos and it's fast.
the best so far
This app works almost perfectly for me. It has minimal 'Force Close' problems but that's about the only real problem I've ever encountered. Other than that and the occasional slow loading time of a webpage, it works just like the default browser, but is just about 2x faster and performs insanely good, even with multiple tabs open. 5 Star app! This is the only mobile browser I will ever use.
Awsome..  Good job. Giving5stars
I like it
Works great with the LG  Optimus V.
What do u want?
Don't bother. Crashes too often.
Skyfire rocks
This is awesome
You can text and picture text, works great !!!!
Cool
Nice to have if you can't get any other flash player
Its a good browser but great one in iPad(plays flash). Sometimes buggy but I still use it.
Pop up every second wants me to buy videos.  No thanks. Was a great browser but sucks now. Avoid it
Now I have to pay again, uninstalled
the app great n all but im not able to rewind or fast forward with mi huawei ascend, can ya fix tht
Good app
Even better when you set the page to Google and it also has flash!!!
Its very fast. I used it on my lg optimus slider but I have a lg optimus elite now. Long story short, I don't need this app because my elite has flash.
Skyfire makes surfing the web from your smart phone a breeze!  Stew
Excellent app.
Excellent app.
Good apk
I used to like this browser. But I have had many problem's downloading stuff, so now I use CHROME.
i can easily see flash content
Great
Allows access to scroll bars on web pages that other browsers don't.  A major plus to me.
Great app love that you can toggle between desktop and Android view and the flash player thing is great for my phone because it can't play flash videos. Oh and at the end of your 3 day trial just go to settings-applications-manage applications-scroll down to skyfire and clear its data and you have it for another three days just keep on doing that and you will have it forever.
The best browser around as far as I'm concerned. Needs video controls though
Lets me access sites and vids that my other two browsers cant.
Greay app!
This browser has everything right at my fingertips. Never had a problem with it since I started using it over a year ago.
I like it
Are you ever going to have more updates to fix bugs? Dropped one star for not updating anything for months.
Best browser for galaxy mini for flash player but still need to add more web site
Used others, like this one best. Easy to use, fast and reliable.
Its a Little slow need fixing otherwise ok
This app rocks with purple poka dots. Videos play amazingly and there so clear I love this app
easy to use. can watch video!
Wow!!
Great browser
Verry good mobile browser !
It works
I love this
I love this
I used to love this app, but this last update just Facebook.
Love it haters
1 of best android browser
1 of best android browser
love to use skyfire everytime when I'm online
nice
Please add a pause button will give 5 stars
Please add a pause button will give 5 stars
Whatever who cases
Hxd ?
Flash movies on mobile ... Sweet very Sweet ;-)
What à great app
What à great app
Good browser -the stoned immaculate
This is the BEST BROWSER ~ For Android Cell phone market!!
Itttttttt
Itttttttt
Nyc
Switched to skyfire two years ago. Still a happy customer..
Best mobile browser on any device.  Most capable! 5 stars
Almost turns your android into a desktop.
I like skyfire it works  real good
Fastest browser I've found
Fucking irritating as shit. Dolphin brower FTW.
...and now I have to buy all over again, deserves less than a single star!!
Good
Never pet a burning cat
Never pet a burning cat
100%good
100%good
This app is every bit useful. User agent works (eventually). I can dig the video converting application in this too no more buffer lags #^_^#
Wonderful
Plays flash and other media well.
nice browser
Simply the best
Very fast. Havent had a problem with it. Ill stick with it till i find something better
Serves the purpose.
I love this browser one of the best to have
Is a really great app.
On my cell pause button is not wotking of this skyfire browser. Pl anyone can help me 2 overcome of this problm pl pl
I llove this app
Simply the best!
Ecxallent
easy to use.
Just a waste of space now... Maxthon,Opera and dolphin have all been updated consistently.  Its been a year and no update.Skyfire has lost momentum on Android .They don't even respond to emails and the support forum is a joke.
Bestvideo compression software i've used
Works great, fast and sizes well. display quality one of the best.
Awesome!
great!
I have used this browser since my first android, and love it as much as ever. Never gives me any hassles.
I have used this browser since my first android, and love it as much as ever. Never gives me any hassles.
Lovee It :))))))
Second to none. Really great.well done.
i love it
This one is far beyter than android browser. It is also supported by flash player. So now can watch embeded video with an ease on Skyfire
Waste of data... Don't install.. Its similar to my galaxy ace browser.. Gonna uninstall it!
After trying other browers, I found this one to be the best for my android tablet.
Good app
Cool full browser with flash support and the option for every mobile site to watch the desktop version. I totally love it!!!
App works great on Galaxy S ll.
great application highly recommend.
Works great
Ok lah... Not bad
Fast, private and secure!
Fast, private and secure!
Great app
I like this browser very much and it plays flash videos
Good browser
Took the app off. Got tired of continually having to select no thanks every time it asked me if I wanted to buy its video feature. Annoying.
Best browser I ever used
The best 2.2 web browser to watch flv.
Awesome and user friendly .
Just love it, works well
Would nt be without this internet app. Never fail, quick too.
I love skyfire app
It "worked" but didn't do what I had hoped for.
Great browser, I really like the flash player feature!
Didn't play video, only redirects me to their blog which isn't there... don't waste your money!!!!!!!
Shows videos I can't see
Opens full web pages
Really gr8 and fantastic for Samsung galaxy s2 mobile. Just go for it.
Thanks for being an app that can run Reddit, but you get a massive boo for force closing every other time I launch. That's almost as annoying as the E.T. game for Atari. On top of that, every time I Google search, you give me stuff I didn't search for. That's a double win. I had you on my last phone, but, baby, its time for me to move on. You were the love of my network, but I'll look for something better.
Galxy tab good wprk keep it up
Good app
Excellent
User friendly.
awesome browse works great on my Droid, Droid X, and Bionic
Great app This is supergood
Very good better then opera and firefox.
This is amazing. I can watch any video on any site without buffering and skipping. I recomend this app to everyone!!!!!
Cool
Fast browser.
I started using sky fire based off of a friends recommendation and I love it!
Thx.
Good
Keeps crashing :(
As many of you muat be knowing that galaxy ace (and many other phones) aren't compatibke with adobe flash this thing made viewing flash videos possible for me
I could see more videos without adobe flash
I could see more videos without adobe flash
Nice
Excellent browser! Flash video! Need I say more!
Great! Works great with most sites.
This app is awesome: )
Good app
Love.it
I love how it has all the features of a desktop computer. + ALOT MORE  DEFINITELY DOWNLOAD
Way better than ie!
I like it so much it is my default web browser.
es lamejor aplicasion para huawei asend 2 yake nitedeja bajar flash player
Very good with video
Rate it...+++++++++++++....!!!!!!! Good browser to use with Android phones..!!!!!!
Rate it...+++++++++++++....!!!!!!! Good browser to use with Android phones..!!!!!!
I was an early adopter who used Skyfire as soon as it was released on every Android phone I had these past few years. Upgraded to a new Samsung Galaxy and suddenly I'm constantly asked to pay for full functionality! Uninstalling after I post this. Someone else will do the same for free soon enough.
I love being able to FINALLY watch Flash video on my non-Flash ready Smart Phone. Great Social Features too!
Fast light weight and u can download media on the fly
Blu Nokia
Blu Nokia
i have tried others and this is big time exploring software
Does a good job.  I use this and dolphin. This is much more stable.
Does a good job.  I use this and dolphin. This is much more stable.
With all the hullabo for chrome for android, skyfire is a forgotten hero. Insanely fast. Must have.
Great browser
Love it
Good work
App rules. All browsers should be the same
App rules. All browsers should be the same
App forced itself to be default browser on samcap froyo. Phone will run no other browser, even after uninstall.
Good
Superb application.
omg this app is nice its very intuitive. well designed nd overall a great internet app
omg this app is nice its very intuitive. well designed nd overall a great internet app
It cool works great
Great browser
Excellent app. Particularly good at reducing video byte size.
Runs great on DROID Bionic.
If it would hurry up
Greeeeeat
rate
This soft more good than chrome
This soft more good than chrome
Could be better but it's ok
Good
Good browser. Not the one I always use but, it never lets down.
But skyfire would get a 10 star out of a rating 5 star if not for the videos trial.
Nice2use
Good
Video fast forward n pause pls... Ty love tis app
The best browser!!!
The best browser!!!
Deserve 5star rating
Let me download .exe and .zip files that the stock browser won't.
Very nice aplication
look at the last update date... u suckers update ur browser and fix sum bugs...sumtimes force and hang when switching the tab... and i recently update my s2 with ics.. and now its getting more suckkzz... i cant play videos now with video service on my ics s2... skyfire was my favorite browser...but its become suckk >:O
Superb browser
High quality browserand very easy to use!
Very good
Best there is
Excellent
Excellent browser with integrated video player. Better than Firefox.
One of the best browsers out there
Thats the one i want
Better than standard internet app for android. Has video player built in! A+++
Easy to use and manage.
Wow amazing
Top best ever explorer !
Great browser for mobile.
I set this as my default browser. Great ap for those of us with slower smart phones and can't run Adobe Flash.
everything smother gr8 apk
Very good
Best browser in market
Wicked awsome
Good app Like it
nice
Usefull browser ever
Nice ...... work great......
Great browser, tremendous flexibility!
FC every time on CM9.  Nagware about the 4.99 video license is ubiquitous and annoying. Opera Mobile now does everything I need, so g'bye!
Great app btw, everyone needs this
Nice apparatus
Da Biz Full html, embedded content including Flash, enough said.
coo
If you need flash and your phone doesn't support it this app is for you.
Great browser although it locks up from time to time.
Excellent.this works like a charm
Have had this about 6months and If u got screwed and fell  betw the cracks with flash, get this and watch tv/movies from tons of  sites.. Sooo happu! U rock sky!
The only problem is that the video doesnt work after a month or so
Fastest browser for Android!
Totally fast internet browser, and video features is a big plus. Thanks SKYFIRE
Excellent video media player
Its an awesome, videos play very good with no problems
Good best excilent
Awesome....more then awesome. I hace a windows fone and that dosnt view videos in most website but this one sees all. I have yet found a site I can't view videos from...you don't need any other browser but this one
Beyond expectation, really excellent
only mobile android browser ive seen thats fully compatible with kaplan college online campus website. all the other browsers could not scroll the pages. dont know why. maybe programming issues? droid bionic
Brilliant browser very fast and stable a must have app get it now and see for yourself
Brilliant browser very fast and stable a must have app get it now and see for yourself
Very good browser.
Got to pay for flash now:-((((
Great browser
Works great
I use galaxy s2. So far i have used the default browser n opera. From the time i got skyfire i have not looked back. It the best.
Every time I open it, it crashes unexpectedly. Otherwise a great browser.
Too good
Grate
Excellent app
Best
Samo exit kopceto da se stavi vo menito i se ke bide ok :)
Samo exit kopceto da se stavi vo menito i se ke bide ok :)
Samo exit kopceto da se stavi vo menito i se ke bide ok :)
Truely the best that's out there.try it for your self
Nice flash..better than none at all, specialy for free from being with you all in the very beginning. Thank you!
Absolutely delicious :) -dru
Functionatility more than meets my needs and compares well with the different browsers on my pc.
It ok. It's free
Using Skyfire since its Launch for Nokia E N Others. I think D First Mobile browser to offer Flash content on Mobiles. Just Love It. Now-Galaxy 3
I love this browser. Its fast and easy.
so much better than stupid as* muthaf*ukin Browser"!!!!!
good job
Good stuff, just like a desktop browser, full flash features and full site compatible
Skyfire is great!! Well worth the paid license version. SUPPORT THE DEVELOPERS!!!
Good with videos viewer
Good app
Пока не встречал других с возможностью играть видео. Много настроек. Не тормозит. lg p500
good
Best browser
Good Mab6721 Love it.......
Concu
Thank you,the fact that this app helps me play flash videos pushed my decision to keep this phone.
Very user friendly browser
Never fails me
This is the best program I have on my phone.
*****
Nice!!!   the best browser
Gets the job done
Too good
Force closes every time it is used on my xyboard. Great concept but completely unstable. Try again
Begs for upgrade every 30 seconds. Uninstalled.
Super
YEAH!
Its a good source to use internet on you're phone
Gr8
Great app :-D
Sucks
Ok
Best ever
This is better than opera mini
Works well like the mobile to pc function
Great browser
I enjoyed
Great...
H
Best for Flash on your samsung Ace. Licence is cheap in my view.
Sky fire is the best ever.
Works well
Video streaming on EDGE network worked very well with gingerbread os, but not anymore with ICS, at least in the last two days.
Video streaming on EDGE network worked very well with gingerbread os, but not anymore with ICS, at least in the last two days.
A++++ galaxy s ii nice and easy
Thats i want good software
Does wat is suppose to do
Great browser
Good browser
Fast
Works great
Works great
Magnificent browser.Too fast than any browser
Needs playback and updates
Fast, responsive, and probably the better internet apps out there. Definitely worth a try, especially if you like to watch internet vids on your phone.
Its the best browser to enjoy desktop view for any website
Great first impression there fellas. Couldn't even manage to open Reddit. Asus Transformer.
Flashplayer FTW
Work fine
awesome must have application
It is the only search engine to use.
It's quick and simple to use. Rarely have a problem with it.
So much
So much
Perfect!
Great
The best browser. Around
Awesome app.
Awesome app.
Awsome app
great browser
Pretty fast, nice to be able to play flash video.
:) :)
Like it
Only wish I could get rid of bottom bar.
Super
Works fine for me, I can watch any video I want on my galaxy note. Video popup only showed d week I downloaded d app. Just a few glitches.... bt they re insignificant. It's free so why complain.
Excellent
Great browser ...works well
Does something most browsers can't, watch various amounts of videos and steamed content.
I've been traying and it works very well. Congrats
I've been traying and it works very well. Congrats
Browser
Cooooool
Da best
Love the integration with the social networking sites.
Good browser Samsung GalaxyS
Best i have found to date
Wanted 2 play Facebook games on Samsung Note. No go. Does the same as normal browser. No answers on internet... (anyone figure that out yet? Empires & Allies? Full Cityville?)
...period!
...period!
Works good have very few problems with use . Is a good video player
Truly a superior app. Firefox may have more downloads, but Skyfire is the best.
Truly a superior app. Firefox may have more downloads, but Skyfire is the best.
Awsome app
Nice app. ..
Good
Good stuff.
i like it!!!
Skyfire has a license key that costs $5 to activate certain features, yet it has not been updated in almost a year.  All other major competing browsers - Dolphin, Opera, Boat - are completely free and ad-free, updated frequently, and far SUPERIOR.
Intuitive and easy to use :-)
Pop up is too annoying. No I dont want the paid ad-on and I dont want to be asked about it every two seconds (literally).
5 stars!! Love it!!
best
Very good
Very good
Easily the best browser I've seen for android. Absolutely love it.
Don't leave phone with out It!!!
Easy to use and fast ta  boot. .
Plays all the flash.
Best browser
Best browser
Absolutely necessary for anybody who is a heavy video user.
Really fast and best
Seems like every time I go to another app and go back to Skyfire it will crash.  Also when trying to buffer vids it seems to freeze.  On Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1 with flash 11
Great app
So much better to me rhan the standard browser.
Very good.
Has become my default browser.
Simply amazing browser highly  recommended
First time user and I'm VERY impressed !!! And I'm sure my SGS2 is too. Freak that, this browser is AWESOME !!! DEFINITELY IN MY TOP 3
Nothing like it
Worked on some sites was fairly useful and I even bought the paid version. Unfortunately C spire blocks it and gives a tethering message.
AWESOME
great for porn
How it downloads videos
Awesome
I think it's great. And, I've used several different one's, enough to make intellect comparison's.
Nice
Skyfire FTW.
So sick its dying.
Itz a good web browser but itz to slow
Nice...& good...
The best (and fastest) there is, was and I hope will be!
Now i can brows the whole web just like on my pc.
great app
Must have! !
Google play store said it was free but its barely usable with prompt to buy some video add-on every 2 secs.  Beware
Excellent,thank you
I like... Follow me @isthatselena
The Best, there is not one thing I don't like abt this Browser... love it
Awesome
Rich Browsing experience, well built
Cool
Very usefull
Super great app!!
After having it for over a year on my cliq my phone died so I got another cliq and now they want to charge me to be able to see videos, NOT!!!!!
A really good app.
Good Web Browser!
Thanks to the developer for a nice app
Get it now
Get it now
Happy to use this one it a second browser I use it with dolphin HD that is set on desk top and Skyfire is set on default works awsome!!!!!
This browser is a life saver  for video and general quickness of a fast user interface Skyfire is the ticket I have a Skyfire icon.on every page
I love this browser but exactly half the time it crashes when opening it when on android 4.0. Please fix and i will give 5 stars again..
Nice browser
Iluvit..
Works 10 times better than the default browser in android. Fully compatible with css3!!! Great job
It's great
great, thank
Best app ever! Extremely fast, just what I was looking for!
Very nice app.
Good app
The reason I install this web browser because you can play videos.  It didn't work with my phone. It also slow down internet speep.   I need upgrade phone.
Great browser! I use it for everything.
Good quality app.
Good quality app.
Like it
Light da sky with Skyfire
Long time user .... best so far
Great Browser!!!
Kinda sketchy on transformer prime.  Seems to force close more than the stock browser but has great features.
Been using skyfire since first beta on windows mobile. Supports flash videos flawlessly on this particular device. Love the quick ability to change from desktop to android mode.  Go to settings and uncheck "enable videos alerts" if you don't want the license.
It is good. I sometimes use dolphin too and like both. However i use skyfire the most by leaps and bounds.
Nice mocie player. Thnx.
Quality browser.
Quality browser.
This is the no.1 app on android market. But there is one problem that it cant close add content while watching live channels or video; while channels is running in backgroung of this advertise content. And also we cant do forward or backward. Skyfire shoud to think about it. But still its great. THANKS
Desktop
Good.. I liked
Love it!! works really good!!!
Best browser for videos
Great phone browser that has no limits
Awsome
Been using it for several months now an it works flawlessly
Once familiar with it, much better features, close pages/open pages on the fly, seems to load faster, too.  So far so good.
Good prog
Works good,  I bought the license, it was worth it
Good browser
Love this works the best
Best browser!!!
your browser's great but  your flash player not for free I hate it the trial basis is bullshit
your browser's great but  your flash player not for free I hate it the trial basis is bullshit
Works great like it....
Only good thing about this app is that it streams vids. Everything else about the app is pretty annoying. So when your trial is up, and it stops allowing you to stream videos, it's useless
Can't do many things after I updated to ICS 4. Main thing can't copy text, in address bar, before all ok. Videos are not prompted with view or download. Videos start downloading only! Have mentioned to skyfire team before. Need an update quick. Skyfire is brilliant otherwise.
I am am early user. And i got it free thanks developer. Optimus  one using from 2010
I really love this browser because of it features as well as allows you to watch video without any problem.
GREAT!! Its fast alloys you to choose between mobile and desktop version great
Great browser alows a desktop experience on your phone great suport and updates even with flash still great
Very good
Great app
Awesome
I have slow connection, but with skyfire I can watch videos with no problems at all
This browser is awesome. Alloes my non flash phone to watch flash videos!!
Lalaahayayhahauhahy
had it before on old phone. screen was to small.upgraded phone,reloaded app.this app rocks.
I would have upgraded a long time ago if they took PayPal...
One of the best browser as download is fast  and plays almost all videos on the net.
Great app.
Works great everytime!!
Really good
Really good
Its fast
Good love it :-*
Skyfire is the best mobile browser for 10" Android 4.0 tablets. It is fast, very stable and comfortable for surfing Internet. I use only Sky fire now!
One of my favorites!!!
Loved it!!!
black market alpha its free there !
Excelent browser!
Great app for surfing!
Need I say more?
Great alternate browser, however sometimes randomly closes
Plays most every type of media. I stream sports, movies, video clips, etc. It's great!
very good
works great
Love that it allows me to delete my trace
Its the best ever. It do not need any changes
Best...
Love this absolutely! !!
Plays videos bit wish it had seek forward and rewind
I like it
Lots of features, very quick, intuitive, never crashes.
Great
It's grrrrrrrreat!
Good browser.  Fast.
Good alternate browser
Love how stable, faster and options that I cannot live without now.
Great app
I am very impressed with this browser, works really well on my Samsung Galaxy S2 I love it.     I am on vodafoneUK and my data sucks, but it runs smooth on my phone data and even better on wifi    Thank you, great app    Thanks for the download :)
You should try it.
very useful application, sometimes could open sites that default browser can't
LOVESS it :))
I have an  LG Optimus V and cannot install a flash player.  Skyfire allows me to watch the videos online that I was wanting though.  Thanks  so much!!!
Very slow  And very annoying browser I've ever use Please don't download this kind of application
Very good android browser
No browser is perfect, use it see where it works best for you. Support diversity.
SkyFire try it
You guys can get rid of the popups under browser settings.
Great app gets me where I want to go quickly.
Excellent browser, one of the best out there.
For a time, when using youtube it would use one of my video players instead of the browser? This is great as it seemed to excelerat my speed on lower bandwidth. Browsers nice but what do u think about making this a switch between setting?
Brilliant
Great browser. Love it and the pay version is better love the video player..
But cant purchase at 2.99 just 4.99
But cant purchase at 2.99 just 4.99
Good browser..  slower that factory Evo..  Watching live streamed videos are only manageable if on Wi-Fi.
Yeah!!!
I guess you guys from skyfire dev team died out cause there hasnt been an update for almost a year
Nice little browser. As i said it does what it is supposed to do. As for the option of playing the software recognizing a video clip on a site and playing it on a separate page...well i have yet to see that happen so i wouldnt pay for that option but other then that its a great program to browse the web on your smartphone. Fast and reliable and secure for the most part.
Tried over 10 different browsers with this 4GE METRO LG ESTEEM phone..this is the only browser that would work.....life saver..thanks!
Lets go
I've been using it as my default browser for months now and have recommended it to all of my friends and coworkers who have droids. Good stuff.
Love it especially my espn vids
Best for my lg p500...this is best for arm6 enable mobile because it has a inbuild flash player to saw online porn video,flash video and etc.....need some fix update....
Good that can display full website. BUT app is VERY unstable crashes a LOT
No complaints best browser I have used in months. Love being able to check my Facebook and Twitter without having to load multiple pages. Keep up the great work devs! And to those talking crap...where's your web browser app?
I love this browser
Much faster than firefox
Who? the hell! i am, to comment on you people.
One of the best browsers that work with the samsung galaxy s. I like the fact that I can set my web pages to be loaded and viewed the same way as I see them on my computer!
Very good application. Mainly for those who want to watch flash videos. Thanks to the developers.
Good
Best of the best
Gives awesome features on my slightly low budget phone! Has been awesome from day 1, thanks!!
Awesome for watching videos so much faster
good
The greatest mobile web browser
Boom ting ya get me fam
The most buggy browser on the planet now on google play,say tuned for updates.
I place Skyfire head and shoulders above the rest. It does more and is easy to use and the more I use it the better I like it. Using the free version on Samsung Galaxy tab.
I place Skyfire head and shoulders above the rest. It does more and is easy to use and the more I use it the better I like it. Using the free version on Samsung Galaxy tab.
Works way better than dolphin and firefox as well as the default browser on my infuse4g
verY good
Best Android Web Browser App
I love this app.. It was worth every penny
I don't know what I ever did without it !!!!
Best browser for mobile. It open compleat pc page and fast browsing
Best browser for mobile. It open compleat pc page and fast browsing
This is just awesome...
This thing works like you would want it to no flaws I've been using it for 2 years.
Crappy firefox app wasn't working so i went out on a desperate wim to download this app and i love it.. its sexy.. great graphics..loads very quickly.. and i can access every single site
LOVE IT! Love it! Watch just about everything. Awesome
Good
Overall a good browser.
Very quick
Great app. So much better than other browsers on the market.
Great app. So much better than other browsers on the market.
Out  of this world. Make you feel your browsing in you're house, but your are in a smartphone. Great App, Thanks Guys.
Love it
Excellent  browser
It crashes sometimes. I am using galaxy s2.
Let you view flash videos at a much lower amount of data. If your android doesnt have flash its a no brainer.
Let you view flash videos at a much lower amount of data. If your android doesnt have flash its a no brainer.
Let you view flash videos at a much lower amount of data. If your android doesnt have flash its a no brainer.
Nice
Flash enabled browser would rate 10 stars if I could. Well worth the upgrade cost!
Great to view full sites fast...
Hardware acceleration??
Cool an fast. Perfect for me
I would've put 5 stars but that sign keeps popping up and there iz no other way to pay only credit card
Great app..
Nice light browser with some excellent features.
Nice light browser with some excellent features.
I have used this for a long time and love it. I have down loaded it every time i have gotten a new phone.
My favorite android browser
Great for devices with no flash player
Gr8 app
So easy to use and fast, highly recommend!
Very efficient
Great browser
Leee
No complaint.
Slow      :-D
Fezlly
intelligent web browser
This app is the BEST SKYFIRE 2 THUMBS UP I CANT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT IT ITS GREAT WE LOVE IT #1 APP ON THE MARKET!!!!!!
Keep rocks N
Does what I need it to do.
Sweet it kick as s
It good
A very useful browser
This just does what others don't - plays video within the web page so if that's convenient to you then pay for license.
This just does what others don't - plays video within the web page so if that's convenient to you then pay for license.
Help me surf well :)
Quick and faster  than opera
Its cool, this app has a lot of features that makes it cool to me, like the option to clear history after you close out.
Its cool, this app has a lot of features that makes it cool to me, like the option to clear history after you close out.
Great browser
Great app attack!
The bees knees
The bees knees
It's the best browser that I have used and quick.
Awesome !!
Nice and simple
Awesome possum
...in my opinion.
Everything about this browser exceeds that of the basic browser. For example, checking Facebook is a lot easier, as well with twitter, and even sports. With this browser I could even view video formats that my basic browser couldn't.
Best Web brouser ive got.
The best mobile browser for watching flash videos without a flash enabled phone.
great browser
great browser
I have 6 browsers on my Samsung GS II, including RoboForm! Took them all for a spin over a period of weeks and Skyfire was the only one which didn't have a rendering issue with any of the sites I regularly visit.
Good
my fav browser..ever can watch any video except youtube video....pls tell me how 2 watch utube video frm skyfire plsss......
I got this back when video was free. Nice it still is to me. Always use it
Great browser Faster,better all good
Great browser Faster,better all good
Best app i have!
Awesome!
I can't for setting conection this... I can't get browsing with this apk..
Hi quality browser with quick links to the best the internet to Offer.  QUALITY HD VIDEO link that allows you to watch 1080p videos from hulu, netflix, etc... With no commercial. Excellent
Love it.
Exactly what I wanted. A quick switch from mobile to a real desktop layout!
My phone does not have flash, skyfire along with its capabilities plays the cam feeds i want.
My phone does not have flash, skyfire along with its capabilities plays the cam feeds i want.
Very good for watching videos
Only browser that I can depend on!!!!
Only browser I could access mlb content!
Much better than stock browser!
Good
Good stuff
,
,
Tons better than stock browser
Very nice Wow, so far this has got2be the best! It's so easy and direct for anyone...really. Android 2.2 pad- plus most likely end up apping this2my D
Great internet website app
Very very fast response
The only app I found that lets you play videos for free. HTC inspire.
The only app I found that lets you play videos for free. HTC inspire.
Awesome app
Nice :)
Quite good. Excellent, indeed.
Want free video like i did before
Good
Has its flaws but does its job. Being able to see in desktop mode makes life easier and convenient.
Has its flaws but does its job. Being able to see in desktop mode makes life easier and convenient.
Absolutely. Perfect if only ma phone was a 1 ghz processor den watching movies Wud b soo much better but overall YouTube on here rocks!!! Waayy better Dan da apparently!:)
Excellent. For android Without. Flash player.
Sip
Goods
I love it
Best browser next to dolphin.
Video feature is great, worth a few $. HTC bravo.
Very good
I love this app. I can watch flash w/out adobe and any other type of media video file.
Works great on LG Optimus V
Works properly wit Android I have had no problems with this Browser. Better than the standard browser works really well with youtube.
Not much more to say :)
Super
The only browser I use wouldn't use any other
Best, most feature rich browser out there. I am a power user, not an average user to say the least. Handles flash like a pro. Not one crash. Definitely recommended!
My job has custom Web applications that don't work with the mobile Web browsers..... Great alternative.
This app is great its fast and gets me to the sites I need to get to without any other sites or spam piping up
Yes
Cool
Best
Download it!
It is fast but a little hard to navigate
Best app ever can't live without it.  Only app this can give desktop experience on cell phone Awesome Need fast forword / rewind in video .. other than its awesome.why is there no update for 1.6 ....but still Best 5***** ;)
Works fast best yet
Crashes far less than Dolphin, faster than Firefox, and has many more features than Opera. Excellent browser.
One of the best android browsers out there i've tried fire fox dolphin and opera but this is by far the best
The best
Too bad u only get 3 days of flash player free
Woooooooooooooooweeee
As it says on the side of the box.
Awesome...
Too many problems with rendering of web pages and links on pages working correctly.  Became just too cumbersome to use.
Perfect!
Great app
Yes, I love skyfies. It supports video and has some platforms tht windows have.. Great applications for web browsing.
I like
Support online tv...recommended...
Good app
Love it
Good
Good
Very good app
Good browser
Very user friendly browser
Its the fast n good browser.
Best mobile browser
Bettet than google
Love it, love it, love it!!
Awesome
works smooth and fast!
works smooth and fast!
works smooth and fast!
Savior when embedded internet browser fails
Perfect
The best browser hands down
Love it
Love this browser, it performs wonderfully under the best conditions and plays flash too.5 stars
Great! Fastest browser on my tablet!
Enjoy....like andro/pc view
No problems....works great
I can watch south park on my phone.  And for that I gladly pay $3.
GreAt app
Very good browser
Worth it just for the social media & viewing clips
Very Fast!
Among the best out there.
Best at displaying all Web pages and then zooming in on pages all other browsers can't.
Always works
Best android browser. This one succeeds  were others fail
Very good
Even though it's not as creative as Dolphin, it's a solid browser for social networkers Loads up my Fb faster than the official app and has lots ofgreat features like the big "Like" button which is very useful
Even though it's not as creative as Dolphin, it's a solid browser for social networkers Loads up my Fb faster than the official app and has lots ofgreat features like the big "Like" button which is very useful
Keept it rolling
Does all I want it to do, so this is good.
Skyfire is excellent. Way better than sprint browser. Hands down my favorite app
Very nice
There's no better browser!
Its da best....browser
Great app. Love it
Works well so far. still playing around with it.
Still needs an exit button instead of tapping the back button 100 times. We could use some ff & rewind on dat video player too. Thought ya'll would've done that by now.
here lately it has been force close what's going on with it
Great app it is my favorite browser.
Easy to use.
Awesome brownet
Excellent..
The best nuff said
The best nuff said
best
I use it on Window Mobile, and was the best too! Now With Android and I think the same way.
Browser Very fast....reliable....truly the best out there...
Very good
Nothing more I can say!
This is the one I go to most often
V nice
V nice
Love this app
Its good
Good
Great app...allows viewing as well as downloading of view. The compression software is Great thus allowing faster down and upload.
It simply works
awesome.
Good
Plays videos well but EXTREMELY unstable on ICS on both my Nexus S and my Transformer Prime.
Enjoy the tabbing features, can use more than six without losing any...
Enjoy the tabbing features, can use more than six without losing any...
Good
A good second browser
Awesome
The best there is
Good one, not sure if better than Firefox?
Excellent! Would like to have more control of video play.
great app
One if the best browser in android right now
I recommend they use of these app It is Fast and really good
Cool...
pretty fast
Excellent browsing excellent. Speed I pay online bills. With this. Browser
Hi. Videos is not getting buffered in ice cream sandwich.... Please fix this
Great browser' alot faster
i love it, it let's you do everything!
Much better than the default browser!
Excellent Best app ever.... thanks!
Great browser, great download.
Very gud for watching streaming videos...
I still use this browser as my default.all dolphin users try this and you'll never go back.if your phone supports flash you don't have to use sf playr
The best browser so far for me. Faster than others. Ty.
Very fast good for business
Very Fast, and an excellent browser
This should be installed on every smart phone.
Have used for a month now and havent experienced any problems
Best ever
Best ever
it always works
Best Web browser, have also installed on my ipad.
In some form or fashion I've been using Skyfire for years. They just keep improving. I'm glad they never went to monthly charges.
Best for me
My favorite browser on android.
So winderful
Suck
AWSOME APP!
Was great for a couple days but once the trial is over the pop-up to buy the vid addon starts non-stop.  Uninstalled.
Best application for websites that require Flash support.
Worlds great
Great
Best part is that it supports flash content.Quiet handy when it comes to checking out real time graphs of stock market.
It's alright, it was better when I first had it.
The best browser out. It's fast and it allows video for the flash disabled. Simply awesome.
Started doing things automatically. Very annoying.
try it...u feel ur self...
Takes up too much screen space. Malfunctions. Having trouble uninstalling.  Bewary of this ap
Best
Love it...
Beats stock browser.  Droid bionic
Only browser I use. :)
The sites run smooth Just like actual internet on your computer at home Thanks skyfire for making everything nice and easy
Works way better than Firefox and other browsers I've tried.
Not bad
Loads webpages in desktop view so that you feel same like laptops. Using since one and half year happily. I recommend it to everyone.
Very stable and many features
Runs like the wind
Runs like the wind
But plz just provite us the old style and layout of youtube website...
Very good app. Best I've found. Loads quickly and runs smoothly.
great browser. Been using it on windows phone then switched to android and still use it.
Keeps force closing even after 4 months of sending error.reports. Doesn't anybody look at those reports and fix the.problem? Yet, the video feature is.extra cool. I give that six stars. Look forward to improvements.
Amazing browser runs really fast!
Really nice browser, which especially supports native font. Awesome app.
Really nice browser, which especially supports native font. Awesome app.
Video optimization is broken on my new Android Samsung galaxy S II, no support received. This is for paid version. Used to've very good on my old Vibrant phone... A shame!
The only app that will work on my LG OPTIMUS V..
Not so bad
This is pretty legit. Surfing the internet without viewing each website in mobile mode is 1 of many advantages this browser provides.
Tebest
All in one browser
Great
Works very good I love it
It does not work on my galaxy s 2 WTF !!!!!!!!
Nice
This + jinzora2 = EPIC. Instant comment. Best browser for streaming music hands down.
Best web browser
Best web browser
I love this browser and i use it for just about everything!
I must say I did try the other browsers and they were good. But this one is the best and the fastest yet. I wish you could change the home screen.
I tested other browsers. This is the best
Love it! Way better than the default browser.
The best, most flexible browser I've used. I love being able to switch to desktop mode for those websites that just don't work right on mobile phones
Fast, lightweight. Great browser.
Great for watching videos cuz my fone doesn't have Flash. Love it.
Great for watching videos cuz my fone doesn't have Flash. Love it.
Awesome app!!!
Seems to struggle with yahoo mail but generally a good browser
There is no button to back in ad ons like facebook except this great app
Great app!!!
really like this app!   I have 2.1 android and can't upgrade. :-(   I really recommend getting the Pro version - it's worth the $2.  Awesome Joe guys!
Very good app
Getting better now! Renders pages better than other browsers, especially google books. Videos work now on all sites. Good on LG Shine Plus.
Blazing fast UI
A
Th best browser in mart
6ize9 Great app
I just can't waot to see the next step for skyfire
Good
Good
WONDERFUL APP WORKS FASTER, VIDEOS ARE MORE RICHER WITH CLARITY, LOVE IT, U I RECOMMENDS IT TO ALL
The best if you don't have flash
Nice
Best
Great app.
I lite it a lot. It has a lot of features.
Installed on every device I've owned
Brilliant app
.     .
.     .
Please add a more powerful download manager
Love it
Awesome.
Easy to use
Easy to use
No flash support on my phone stock browser but now I do thanks to this great browser!!!!
No flash support on my phone stock browser but now I do thanks to this great browser!!!!
Friendly and easy to use good work guys
Good speed and great with video content.
Best browser on android for video watching
Skyfire by far the best
Skyfire by far the best
Very good application!!!!
Great!
Great browser
Highly recommended
Video upgrade nag screen is ridiculous. Will pass on this one. Update...no more nagging. Plays Flash well, fast with nice interface. Now 4 stars.
Only browser with built in flash
Amazing , I use it everyday
Great browser does exactly what I want and quickly
I've tried most of the browsers for android. None of them work better than Skyfire. I love loading pages as a desktop pc would, and the video function
So Butyfull App
You can streem videos on gprs,  cool app. But you need pro version.
The interface isn't the greatest, but this is the best Android browser for viewing flash videos and other media.
Very good and easy to use
Very good and easy to use
This is one of the best web browsers I have used so far.
Really good n fast browser, the best on the market
This is one of the best internet browser  yet comparred to Opera Mini and Dolphin HD this app smokes it
Great social browser.
Best browser by far. Way Better than the default browser but it does force close once in awhile.. Motorola droid og
Easy to use
Rating Its reaiy amazing amd  uniqe browser for users...
The only app that worked for me for playing flash videos.
Just what ive been looking for.
this is the best one for tablets i've found so far!!!!!!!
this is the best one for tablets i've found so far!!!!!!!
U can change the view from mobile to desktop site. Super nice
Best One!!!!!
Great browser
Get it!
Prolly not an everyday use browser but then again there is none for android yet. The flash video feature is the best and is unmatched
Best browser out there
GREAT browser with extra rich features that works faster then others
Fhll Ole
Great product that keeps getting better.
I like
Works pretty good but it loads slowly and you cant pause or rewind the videos
Pretty fast. Good browser.
Really nice browser!
Lots of improvement from a regular browser
Luv it
Luv it
It is fast and has good features
Than the old version... more streams available
Very smooth. Flash capabilities make this elite browser.
Very smooth. Flash capabilities make this elite browser.
GGRRR8888!!!
awesome app....i can see my fav videos
Excellent
Excellent
Keep it fresh
Still needs a little work, keep it up skyfire!
Best mobile browser I use. Has the most capabilities.
Nice..
Nice..
Nice..
Excellent
BLOODY ANNOYING Unknown Certificate Error n Force close!! "N" times anonymous crash log had sent out but doesnt change at all! Disappointed!
Good app!
Good moto electrify
Great
Better than standard
Love this browser but it crashes all of the time on my Galaxy Nexus. This needs to be looked into.
Fastest browser on the market
Very fast
Great layout really like the quick buttons when you're browsing. So far works great.
its fast n stable,,but why should we pay for video player?,,u tube make it free lol,,,
Very good app
I love it
Good broswer
Best browser for android
Fast browser
So far, it seems to work exactly like a desktop browser would, but it uses data like a desktop browser, also.  I use it when I am on Wi-Fi.
Well designed for the task at hand. Software engineering at it's finest!
I use it from the start, really good, and mobile/desktop option very usefull, works for most websites. One thing is annoying me, when I open new tab it moves me right to it. I need to be able to open new tabs in background. Thanks
Good app A+++++
Good app A+++++
Nice nice
Excellent
Great browser, very user friendly
Nice
At the risk of sounding like a fan boy, this is better than the rest.
Not too heavy, quick, and will open any page!
Best browser, if your handset dose not support adobe flash player and you can't play online video then this is the right browser for you. I just love it for my Samsung Galaxy ace.
It is a pretty cool app and it work find in my Garmin Asus A50
Lets you watch iplayer over 3g, you have to pay to play videos after three days though, but worth it
It dont have any choice to skip rating
Great browser
Excellent
I love this browser, so far is the best I found, I like the flash component that let me watch videos, is well handy
It lets me watch online videos after installing "Skyfire Video License Key". Even though my phone doesn't have flash.
It lets me watch online videos after installing "Skyfire Video License Key". Even though my phone doesn't have flash.
Super fast
Good app
Awesome app!
Very fast and very complete little browser, it's one of the best if not THE best on android!
Very fast and very complete little browser, it's one of the best if not THE best on android!
The best
Love the app. Thinking of iphone because of so many problems on droid system no matter how many times I change my phone. Hope this app is over there. Never had any issues with this app, it's  solid.
GS2
Used for over a year and now no video other than that great browser
it allows me to watch all videos with out flash player its perfected for metro LG android
it allows me to watch all videos with out flash player its perfected for metro LG android
It let me download videos to my phne
Forces close alot otherwise 5 stars. You can see desktop versions instead of mobile.
The best browser by far for speed and compatibility. The only one I use for REAL web browsing!
The best browser by far for speed and compatibility. The only one I use for REAL web browsing!
Very good browser. Clean with just the right tools I use the most.
I've tired most of the top moblie browsers and this one is the best. Simple, Easy to use, and quick loading. Compared to opera and dolphin this one is a bit better cause its not filled with crap. Great browser!
Very sweet looking.
Fast and stable. Droid X2.
The best browser so far ...........
The best browser so far ...........
Nice app recommend it 2 any 1
Nice app recommend it 2 any 1
Fast and cool
StrengthsGb rd
This browser is awesome! Everything you need in a browser.
This browser is awesome! Everything you need in a browser.
The only bug I have in my exhibit is video loads completely have way it buffers then goes back in to the browser to start video over.
So much better than other  browsers.
More than one way to watch on line
Very nice
Great to have...my phone wouldn't be complete without it
Awsome
Just plain awesome
Just plain awesome
If your going to charge for your video toolbar button, find a way to remember who has bought it already if they have to uninstall and reinstall. I've paid for it twice and am not doing it again.
If your going to charge for your video toolbar button, find a way to remember who has bought it already if they have to uninstall and reinstall. I've paid for it twice and am not doing it again.
Very slow on my infuse. Seems to use a lot of memory. Constant pop up trying to sell their video service. Uninstalled.
Best web browser I have used on my phone yet! So much faster and better than the factory browser
Thankz yew for making this  i lov dont tell the other companies but your my favorite sssssshhhhuuussshhhhhh!!!!!!!!  :) :D
Thankz yew for making this  i lov dont tell the other companies but your my favorite sssssshhhhuuussshhhhhh!!!!!!!!  :) :D
Want it free
fantastic
I love it! -SK17i
I love it! -SK17i
Gives you both mobile and full web experience including flash capabilities
Easier and better than android web browser
Excellent browser
Nice and fast browser
Great app, but on iOS it's cheaper ....;)
Very fast and accurate.
Nice app for phones which do not support flash.
Nice
Great browser! Good at viewing pages in both mobile and original views. Settings could use more customization but a definite must have for smart phone
Awesome browser
Opera better
Fast!!!!!
Best browser in my opinion
Easy to switch to desktop mode which may prevent mobile redirect on some sites.
You need to have it if you must play video on 3G
I love this browser never have any problems with it n plays any video I find so far
This is like Firefox for Droid I reccomend it.
Very comfort browser ever made....thx
I like it
I like it
Great application over wifi and 4g connections. EPIC Touch 4g.
Its great.
This app does everything I need and more, my standard Web browser sucked and wouldn't play videos but this one performs like i'm on a desk top. I love it!
I like it put really like to see an app that that is on the frontline of a heavywieght bout between.  Apple and abobe over flash and proprietary gadgets and fortunes of the future.    Too much?  It's cool plays flash on ipads
I like it put really like to see an app that that is on the frontline of a heavywieght bout between.  Apple and abobe over flash and proprietary gadgets and fortunes of the future.    Too much?  It's cool plays flash on ipads
I like it put really like to see an app that that is on the frontline of a heavywieght bout between.  Apple and abobe over flash and proprietary gadgets and fortunes of the future.    Too much?  It's cool plays flash on ipads
I recommend it. :)
Skyfire is a great search engine.  WHEN I first got.my HTC phone this app was available.  I was very upset when skyfire was no longer available.  Differently would recommend skyfire to other
Very good app
Pretty good
Much faster. My new browser! !. Now if there was a screen shot add on that would complete it
Much faster. My new browser! !. Now if there was a screen shot add on that would complete it
Better than dolphin hd that keeps crashing. DROID x2
Still has not been fix so a blank page doesn't open when clicking on a link
Hands down best mobile browser
The best.
Best browser on the market
Awesome browser!
My ascend 2 cricket android out performs an I phone 3gs. This is an incredible app. Buff said.
Great app
A great internet brouser
Always worked well.
very good browser lacking support on alot of sites and no interactivity with the stream being viewed. i have the vid licence would i have to buy it again if installed on another device?
Great browser, thanks
It is so nice to have a full web page on my android phone. Runs quickly. No complaints after 2 weeks.
Awesome Great browser! Plays Flash video.. quick and easy!!
Great interface, it's fast, easy to use and play most of the videos.
Great browser
Plays almost all online vids.
Like
,
Good Job.
Everything i asked for in a browser is here.
Skyfire, i dont want to buy your license, quit popping open the bubble every 30 seconds for me to buy it!!
Perfect! Just keep making it better!
Wegmans in suspenders
When watching movies if I receive a call I have to start the movie over from the beginning and there's no rewind or forward button in the movie player other than that its a good app it does what it says it do
It works great!
Been using for YEARS. best app for phones. Faster that the browser that comes on the phones. Uploads videos, tubes, emails, etc etc. Jus great... 10 stars.
It excellent for watching videos and excellent for browsing.  Love it.
Super great
the best
Not like I expected, needs less things... the makers need to allow it to still be simple yet advanced.
Been using this for years, installed it on my iPhone first, then got an android phone, and haven't looked back. Worx exceptionally well on the android devices! Video indication button isn't perfect but it's getting there. Is it faster than that flipper browser? Maybe, maybe not, but I've decided that every thing I need is within react at the bottom toolbar (social media n such) and I don't need to download any add-on crap to clutter up my OS. Overall it's my only go to mobile browser that I use on a daily basis! B-) Cool app!  Device OS tested: Android 4.0 * * * *
Really like it. Although sometimes it closes on it's own
Its okay :)
Nicee
This is awesome app!!!
Love this browser on my dell streak.
Great app!!
I love skyfire, it works wonderfully, a few minor problems, but it's as close to perfect as an internet service be.
I use it all the time and its reliable I love this thing!
Good app, highly recommended
Awesome app....must have
Love its video feature but browsing lacks sometimes ..as compare to the dolphin browser
It does what It's supposed to with minimal crashes. Ok by me!
They lost me with the crappy 2.0, but came back strong with 4.0 well worth the wait.
Works very good
This browser is simply awesome.
This browser is simply awesome.
Skyfire is one of my favorite mobile browsers!
I installed this and then decided to try out the video feature, but it says the free trial is OVER. I just got this TODAY. Fix this please.
Always had this browser.
The perfect browser to watch videos and make plenty changes to suit your browsing of the internet. The only browser that can play flash videos
I love it
User interface it's a little hookie, but the video feature is great.
it's nice to see some applications that are not all the same.
This is the best browser on the market! Where else can you watch videos without java or flash. And the best part totally free whoda thunk it.
Awesome
Superb!
Not bad but fedup of been asked to rate it all the time
I like it.
Its a nice browser....but freezes most of the time
I love the functionality but does have a fair amount of forced closes.
Great app best browser imho
Easy to use
Good app but force close often on my samsung galaxy tab 7.7 ! Fix it please!
Great Greatest Awesome browser!!!!!love the video features
My new favorit Mobile browser!
skyfire skyfire skyfire skyfire Is always great and works well. Recommend highly
The best. Love the back button!
Great
Great
I use it all the time!!
Easy to use and excellent for streaming media
I used to use dolphin, but after using this I'm not going back
Best android browser ever! I have tried Dolphin, Go, Firefox.....and this trumps em all.
Hawt app
No complains so far. Have been trying out so many different browsers, this is the best. Speed, ease of use, thumbs up!
No complains so far. Have been trying out so many different browsers, this is the best. Speed, ease of use, thumbs up!
Enough said
This is the best brower  I ever seen
Great pop up blocker!
Top app!!
Very stable..samsung galaxy i9000
Excellent!!!!
This is a super good browser the video really saves my data plan
So Excellent
Awesome
Best ever I've tried them all better than my desktop broswer and its touch screen #computerinmypocket
Like a lot
Absolutely the best! Love it!
Absolutely the best! Love it!
Must download
Very nice browser. When theres something my droid cant handle on the web (ex. Sites set up for Desktop PC' s only) , I use this app. Its has an option to emulate a regular computer, so sites appear, and work, just like a regular PC on your phone. Also great for just surfing the web.
Sick app gratefully happy with this one
Sick app gratefully happy with this one
Great! Does it all. No complaints.
Been my default browser for years..
I dnt rate ne thing but this is a must have browser. 5 Stars from me
Works very well
Best
Goooooood
Goooooood
Using it for a while now
Much better than default browser. Rarely freezes, no complaints
Fast and comfortable. Galaxy s2.
First app I reloaded after phone crashed
Thw browser is great and gives the best desktop browser experience. I wish they add a landscape orientation option without having to enable auto rotate from phone :)
Awesome
It helped me a lot! :)
Great app vídeo goda flow
Only browser I use consistently. Fast, easy-to-use, with lots of functionality. A+
But only 3 days trial.not fair
This is a great browser
Good
Love it
Nice
This is an excellent app once you know it. Skyfire is all I ever use
This is the closest to viewing an actual webpage and the videos on the page then any othet browser I've tried. Paying for the video key was WELL worth the money.
Best browser going. Disappointed that I had to buy the video licence when I changed phones, but still cheap.
Great for a web browser to change to desktop mode
Love it
Fast simple browser, highly recommended!
Very good.luv to hv this
Love the built in video player.
Thanks for a dependable and fast browser.
Great apps
My favorite browser :)
Cool as always
Nothing this application can't play
Great browser that simulate an actual computer browser well.
It makes all flash videos run faster
different try seems to work.
i like as it got video download fn too bad flash not fully support but is micromedia wrong market strategy
app is very good let's have a fact I love it
Is the best.
its great..i can watch youtube even without 3g.more than good enough for me
Works great on Galaxy S II
Video in browser is awesome
Video in browser is awesome
Perfect
It's good...no problems
amazing app!
video won't work on myTouch 3G it showed me a dialog that video is 3 days trial but it was only three minutes and it showed me that my three days video trial is over [i didn't even used video feature :'( ] and when I tried sending feedback (located in setting) application crashed >:(
I was glad to finally find this browser again for my new phone.  It wad much better than the explorer mobile browser.
Very good app
Super
Best I have used so far
Execellent in video streaming
I actually like this. For the people nagging about the video thing, its a trial, if you actually payed attention you wouldn't be bitching.
Excellent
Best all around browser on the market.
Sweet browser.
Mini computer
By far the best mobile browser I have ever used.
Gr8 video browser
This is great for htc EVO...
Several features
I.
Omg i never thought that i could get flash but now i dont need it!i was just about to get a new phone until i got this.GREAT BROWSER but theres a few bugs here and there
The best there is Can't live without it
Y U No update!!!!!!!!!!!!
Y U No update!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great browser. Simple and easy to use.
Works excellent!
Works great. Great android app
Good browser.
great.
I use this for easily two hours a day. It performs flawlessly and the functionality is unmatched.  Chrome for Android can stay with ICS. I know I won't switch...
It's ugly, it's messy and it annoys the crap out of me. And tbh, I don't want to buy any app that's begging me to buy it ALL the time. Give ppl a chance to actually try browsing and not just read your spam.
Sucks
Nice app
Great App!!!
Love it
Great app
Very good
Good browser
10 ★★★★★★★★★★
Super fast loadings and excellent with touch wiz! Excellent options with easy access to bookmarks! Only problem is Google's flash ad covers up some of the search tool! Other than that; deffenately 5 stars! Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere.
Great on Evo
optimization for me
It does what it says! Great app It does what it say. Great! Though some are errors but very seldom..
Since new update force closes everything I launch it. Samsung galaxy tab 10.1
My go to browser.
Fast
Awesome
Awesome app! They should make the video trial longer, but other than that I love it.
Solid browser
I installed this because dolphin was hanging up on me. Works well. Great options if you use social media a lot. I dont.  Galaxy s2 epic 4g touch
Best browser app so far. Flash feature is great!
Great browser for full browsing experience.
Fails to load desktop versions of pages even when told to do so. Pages also load as blank a third of the time.
Execellent
It's my main browser on HTC flyer
Nice
Nice
it serves the purpose! download it to see this fantastic app!
This is the best browser if you're interested in video. Its awesome
This app worked better on my friends older phones. "But" it still worked good or better then the stock Browser on my graphics
Its a great app u have to download this
One of the best browsers out there!
Fast. Secure. Capable.
A1 exselent brouser
better way to surf and watch media!
Everything you want a mobile browser to do.  Skyfire can deliver!
great product
Best browser for social media users.
It gives you the actual sites. Instead of just mobile ones:) my boyfriend turned me on to it. I like it.
This is an awesome browser for my Acer icona tablet.......
It is awesome I really like it this actually works
i lov diss......just awsm
Great browser
Fantastic browser
Awesome browser...just reduce battery consumption
Love this browser. Can load full Web pages, bypassing the mobile versions. Very useful.
I couldn't download a lot of x rated and other videos on net w my LG optimus, but this apparently opens all of em. Defenitely try this one. Thanks.
Better than Opera
Best browser hands down.
Excellent.  Viewer does great job with flash. Really works.  Rare app that DELIVERS WHAT PROMISED.
Great
Streams. Videos no one else can
Love it especially if your phone doesnt have adobe on it
Been a skyfire user for years! Blows other browsers out of the water. works best on high end devices.
Simply amazing and use.
Skyfire is basically my default web browser.   Being able to watch streaming LIVE sports is what sets it apart from the other browsers.   Absolutely love the app.
I like it, if ur looking for an app the lets you see videos that are not	This is the best browser ever, it will alowed you to see almost every video in youe mobil, like a PC with flash plyr. I highly recomend, five stars
Great application love it
Great app
Still the best I like it alot!! U can turn off video notification on settings menu and remove tool bar explore b4 u leave bad rating.
Watch live streaming NFL, TV shows, YouTube - works great.
Great browser on my HTC Thunderbolt! I love how you can toggle it to emulate a desktop PC or mobile device. Of browsers I've checked out, this seems to consistently handle/support functionality of most websites and does pretty well with watching full episodes of TV shows on-line.
Great browser! Never fails!
Wonderful
Best
Nuff said
BEST BROWSER EVER!! However, Need rewind and fast forward buttons on video,also needs faster downloading.
best
Awesomeness
The best
Quite simply, the best browser for Android, period.
Quite simply, the best browser for Android, period.
Skyfire app for my android is; fast, streamline, easy to use & has great options.thank you!!
I love this browser
Awesome brwsr !!!
Awesome brwsr !!!
Best one I've used to date I tried; opera, dolphin, uc, ninesky. In particular I like the video feature.
Used to work well when I was using Samsung Galaxy S and Tab 7.0, video not loading since I switched to Tab 7.7
Great app
Deleting my old browser, this one is great!
Deleting my old browser, this one is great!
+1 Best browser ever
Good app.
The only browser that wont force close on my android tablet
Nice, get the job done.
Must have app!! You wont be disappointed
I love it browse like the pc one
This is by far the best web browser I have ever used on my tablet Eee transformer prime. It is a full desktop experience on a tablet.
Sky Fire This is better than the android browser
Sky Fire This is better than the android browser
Sky Fire This is better than the android browser
tried em all and this is my favorite
It works well.
Good app
Awesome
I like it.
Fast, and reliable better than the installed browser on android phone.
Always on point with wot I want to watch responds really well great, I recomened :)
Its stable but free version has pop ups to purchase with every web browser. After I got 5 in 5mins asking to purchase video lic I'm deleting. I already have flash on my cell.
Awesome, since the update fix!!! Best browser bar non for the Samsung Moment!
Fire fast
Fire fast
Good browser,  but i am having a problem with it, cant play videos anymore.
Gmail not working properly.
Use it. Galaxy S
good good good
Great browser
Excellent
The best browser I've used yet
very good app web browser navigator & the best thing it support flash just put more  speed on  on the next updated
still can't play cafe world though
Super fast and smooth. Very intuitive
Very reliable site for accessing the net.
I love it
Very very good browser and one that is as easy to custimize as it is to just pick up and browse.
It's the only browser I use!
Very necessary app for LG optimus.!
Every time you fire it up, it asks you if you want to buy a license.  I guess the trial had expired.
Nice
The browser is good but needs to be more stable
Excellent !
Best browser hands down.
Runs every thing on my LG OPTIMUS BLACK. Simply the best browser for mobile.
Runs every thing on my LG OPTIMUS BLACK. Simply the best browser for mobile.
very nice
Great browser for the android.. .it opens all web pages faster without any problems better and clearer than any other browser.
I dont know how you guys are getting Hulu to play i get the this format is not supported screen. On the Motorola Droid 2.1 version 1
I dont know how you guys are getting Hulu to play i get the this format is not supported screen. On the Motorola Droid 2.1 version 1
Simply the best mobile browser ever!
Such a slow browser. Web pages take 3-4 times longer to download. Sharing options are negligiblefor photos using hold screen options... Overall a very poor excuse for a web browser. I would liken it to using an iPhone... Über gay
Great browser if you can't stand the mobile versions of sites!
good app
Work excellent for me
Brilliant
Long time User. Easy to use and does everything I need it to.
good
I have nothing but good things to say about this browser ....definitely beats the phone default!
Excellent browser
It's a very useful browser.
It's a very useful browser.
This is the only browser I use its the best
Now my phone is a tablet!!?!
Now my phone is a tablet!!?!
The best
Good browser
Works great
Easy to use.
Epic browser and even better video function!
It's a cool thing to have.
Fast and simple
Fast and simple
Buy a license for the video function? Too many other free ones out there.
Buy a license for the video function? Too many other free ones out there.
Buy a license for the video function? Too many other free ones out there.
I love it
I love it
Great browser
This has proven to b 1 of my favorite apps. Watch video instant fb access awesome!!
Awesome! Ok now shut up and stop asking me to rate u on the market. Thanks
Love it love it love it!
Awesome
Awesome
Very good browser with fast response times amd the ability to play flv files
Wonderful apps
Slows phone down drastically I've had 5 different phones it  does it to every single phone. Speeds pick up once I uninstall. Its this app
Slows phone down drastically I've had 5 different phones it  does it to every single phone. Speeds pick up once I uninstall. Its this app
Great
Good
Love it
This app is fun and easy to use. I love it!
Stupid video buy me crap pops up every 5 seconds. Dolphin browser way better
Its the best  Mensah master
I love skyfire #1 fast quick and always working
Best I've found and I've tried almost all the browsers. Closest thing to a full size internet experience I've found for my Evo. Fast too.
Best I've found and I've tried almost all the browsers. Closest thing to a full size internet experience I've found for my Evo. Fast too.
Only bad thing is I have been using it since day one of launch, now video is no longer free, very bad
*****
cool!!
I'm adding another star now that I understand better how to get the videos to play.  You may still get an error message about needing Flash Player, but you have to press the video analyze button to get the video to play.  My only complaint now is the amount of phone memory usage.  I'm on the LG Optimus.
Droid
Such a cool browser.. loads very quick even in gprs.. highly recommended.. feedback for developers pls include speed dial functionality like in opera..
Excellent browser! No complaints at all!
Excellent browser! No complaints at all!
Galaxy S II
This the best mobile web browser i have ever seen, not only mobile browser even all desktop browser, fast smooth exactly desktop browser look. all kind of video flash etc you can watch on skyfire, video license key need only (Try to use few days trial period use). You will loving it. I used it before Symbian s60 3rd edition, almost two years before. when it change Symbian platform i was hurt. i see all live sports, live TV channel through Skyfire browser. Its all video is compress but good quality. why people give it 1 star. I think they are not use it perfectly. i give it ***** 5 Star.
A tad glitchi and delayed reactions but still very good. Droid x2
Much more usable than the default browser!
Much beTTeR thaN the deFaULt bROwseR That comeS prELoaDeD!!! 5 STaRs*****
The intuitive design and functionality of this browser obsoletes the standard browser and most of the other brands on the market.
On optimus v that doesn't support flash videos...
I'm very happy with it!
