Ever since the recent update it is a bad app. Going to uninstall. It is a real shame because this app use to work great.
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
WB has completely failed me during a time of need. 3 tornados on the ground in my immediate area & WB FC repeatedly! What happened to this great app??
Ive had a few force closes since the update, my map never loads properly, whether 3g or wifi. Just want it workin again! its better than TWC. Droid X
Forecast info is great, but causes stability issues with Android OS on the Droid II. I uninstalled my copy because of frequenr freezes and restarts.
Used to give accurate forecasts and descriptions and now for whatever reason they are completely wrong!
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
This app worked good at first but with each update it got worse and worse. It finally started rebooting my phone every few minutes. Took it out.
It won't download or install and then tells me it can't process my refund. I don't know what to do now.
Why does it loose where my location actually is? It puts me in a different state.
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Used to update weather 100% of the time, but past few downloads have given very spotty performance. Not being able to update is a constant problem.
Does not update. I paid and it does not work stick with the weather channel untill thet fix this
This does not work on samsung intercept! Free weatherbug doesn't work either. Please reimburse me my 1.99. Very disappointed.
Weatherbug rocks. The poor reviews I've read must originate from people with phone issues, because I've had NONE of the problems listed. Thanx !!!!!!!
Should add a map layer for warm and cold fronts. Other than that I love it.
I like the app but everytime i try to open it all i get is the force close message?
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
homescreen temps are up to ten degrees different from what is showing inside the app. going back to TWC free app.
Please remove the 'feature' that allows the app to reduce the number of radar animation frames in order to 'increase performance.'
I have relied on weather bug for as long as i can remember, it will not load on the samsung acclaim pleas fix!
I have relied on weather bug for as long as i can remember, it will not load on the samsung acclaim pleas fix!
Was great until Follow stopped following. Tried the add-on, no joy. Moto Droid X. Get this fixed, its why I paid for it.
Worked beautiful with my Samsung Acclaim until updating to the new 2.2 froyo operating system. Please fix it!!
Still losing location and updates (no task manager installed) and now overheating phone by constantly relaunching "Typhoon Prediction Widget" (?!)
Questionable accuracy. Installed on 2 phones and got different current conditions from the same source. Also get conditions that are obviously wrong.
Can I get a refund? It did work now it makes my Droid X. Forceclose and I can't answer my calls.
Uninstalling bc it freezes my phone. Used to work great but since the update its been real screwy. Please fix
Will not update on its on,. Have to open it to get it to update. Was 5 star
I used to love this but the quality has declined in recent releases. It wont find my location any more and has issues related to updating its data.
You can't use Weather Bug & hav any other weather apps. It causes 2 many problems.
Was great until it quit working...haven't been able to open the app for a couple of weeks
I'd give it 5 but ever since I upgraded to Elite it's been failing to update about 50% of the time. I'd like this to be fixed. Droid Eris
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Will not permit another location other than local ..Please fix droid2, otherwise best weather app existantant!
Best money spent! Radar map widget is awesome. Droid1 loved the free one but the paid is much better.
Alerts won't work!!! Would really like this feature fixed. It has caused me to start looking into other weather apps.
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
This app works pretty good on my Droid X with Verizon but does have issue with finding your current location and updating information.
The follow me is broken and it won't auto update otherwise the best weather app I have found.
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
Over night my city changed from Davenport, IA to Utah!
I'm in Florida trying to watch a tropical storm moving in south. The map won't show it. Why let me look at the coast of Africa if I can't see the weather ????? This is a global phone maybe you should step up to global weather! I did pay for the premium version. Stupid
Widget keeps uninstalling itself on Nexus S. Jelly Bean.
Force closes and crashes constantly on Skyrocket. Waiting for an update which is taking a little long for paid app.
Weather bug is the most inaccurate weather app there is! It's a waste to upgrade to elite too. No difference.
Only good if u live in the US. I live in Asia and the national forecast gives me the US pacific nortwest????!!!  I'm standing in a downpour and its telling me 0 precip. This app is totally useless unless you live in the US.
Weather station that my location defaults to doesn't have full details and app will not let me remove it.
Initially I loved this app because of all the additional features besides the weather forecast. I've changed my review from 5 stars to 1 because the temperature is often WRONG.  According to the National Weather Service, the current temperature is 112°. Within the last half hour, WeatherBug has shown fluctuating temperatures from 117° to 107° and now 115°. I emailed developer and haven't gotten a response. I can't believe I paid for this app.
We have been under a sevefe tornado warning all day and Weatherbug Elite has had no alerts. Its useless except for daily temperatures. Dont waste your money.
Paid for elite version forecast always wrong as well as current temp. Weather radar is also never in real time. Notifications are really annoying
Need to get rid of the cartoon looking pictures. That blue backround when you open the app is getting old. Update the interface and widgets.
Absolutely no response from weatherbug. Fix the widget and I'll raise the rating.
Crashes. Freezes phone right before crash. Samsung S3. Fix it!!!
This app blows! Is never right...& always locks up my phone.
Freezes my home screen every time and won't close. Please fix. I have less trouble with almost all of my free apps.
Excellent app. But what do u get more for being a paid app vs the free one? update: 07/15 this app is wildly innacurate. Says tstorms when its clear and clear when itz raing. Check other Weather app and itll show correct. Right now otber app has severe tstorm warning while this one shows nothing. I want a refund. Update aug 5th  uninstalled. Th is thing is sluggish and always wrong.
App is glitchy, doesn't refresh on radar.  Coredumps often, got Elite no better. Used to be a great tool have used The Bug for manyy many years. Probably a decade from desktop to laptop to smart phones.  Not so good on the app. :(
It  wont load data for droid charge.
Wont let me shut the app down when I don't need it! UN-installing!
Live wallpaper does not even show my state? I dont live in texas.
Lacks support for Nexus 7 widgets.
Force closes regularly. Atrix 4G. Buggy and a successful ruination of a once functional app.
This app seems to be psychic, it always manages to fail or freeze up when you need it most. Works fine when you sit still in one spot for a few days... But if you dare to travel, prepare to be disappointed
I ride a motorcycle and all week I didnt drive it to work because of a 52% chance of rain.  No rain on any of the days.  Finally I say screw it I'm driving the bike to work when it said 19% chance of rain.... it pours..
The most inaccurate weather app I've ever seen.
The free version is updating weather data, while the Elite fails to load data. Unbelievable.
The app constantly freezes and becomes unresponsive when trying to load the animated radar.
Used the pc version for years, glad they brought it over to the proud. Does what it says it will,plus some.
Temperature shown not accurate at all.
the danger earth network bullsh!t is stupid leave it to the nws plz you guys put an alert out every time a lightning strikes give it a rest and what happened to the refresh button it was the beat thing about this app and it doesn't even work anymore I paid for this crap and I don't want to delete it but you guys aren't helping plz fix that if this could happen I would give you 50 stars if I could
Used to love this app.  Now will ONLY update when do a cold boot of phone. If not fixed soon will uninstall.
Killed my battery non stop and couldn't update or get the correct temps.  Rubbish!
If I could rate this -5 stars I would!!!  Have had it on my phone for 5 min with the same number of force closes.  2 of them require phone to be restarted to clear the FREEZE.  (One week later)   They fixed the force close and freeze.  THIS IS NO DIFFERENT THAT THE FREE APP.  NOTHING LIKE iPHONE APP.  SAD WHEN THEY HAVE TO STOOP TO SELLING THE FREE APP.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL OF THEM.   THE IPHONE APP IS SUPER.    ALSO  NO RESPONSE ON REQUEST FOR A REFUND.
Love this app!
Update made it suck.
Right now, at 10:40pm on July 13, 2012 in Cleveland, Ohio, this app is telling me it is 37 degrees outside.  Really??  It's actually 77.  Ridiculous.  Fix this now.
Asinine interface. Frequently crashes. Forgets preset, default city.
This app has fallen way behind as far as weather apps go. I stopped using this as my everyday weather app in favor of HD Widgets. You REALLY need to update the UI. This thing is ugly.
1. Most of the features work only in the USA. 2.Doesn't show wind info on the widget! FAIL.3.Absolutely no respond from the developer
Radar doesn't work in Australia ! , and they responded with no it doesn't, come on - fix it !!!!
Since last update and update just prior also...... All appropriate boxes checked yet app's widget does not follow me nor locate me.
Even though I purchased this app a while back, I give it one star now because it simply won't install on my Galaxy nexus running jelly bean. It gives the error "Cannot install to USB or SD storage"
No way to disable background updates.   Hitting "back" button on phone causes application to exit rather than returning to previous screen.
Not worth the money for the app. Save it, go for the free version. 0 stars paid. 3free. Don't make my mistake.
Doesn't give accurate weather. It was raining and it said it was sunny outside. Very unsatisfied.
App never loads. Always fails.
Not anymore. Radar is  subpar. No more manual refresh. Why???? Needs UI update.
I had basic Weatherbug installed but thought "Elite" would be an improvement. I'm sorry I wasted the $1.99 on it. It's slow & doesn't have the detail of the basic WB. There was a t-storm right over my house & it didn't show it! I uninstalled it.
For the last week it saying it is -40° outside. Its summer and more like 95°. Its frustrating to no end.
This thing says it's -36 degrees. Tried refreshing it and still no good. Don't waste the $1.99 on it
This is no different than the free version.
Temperature is about twenty degrees off for my location since the last update.  For instance, right now in my location, Weather Bug Elite shows 78 degrees after refreshing, and it is actually 98 degrees..  Really???   Went from awesome app.  to a very unreliable app.
Wildly inaccurate. Temperature is around 10 off all the time.  Fix and will be 5 stars
I paid my money some time ago.  When I try to run it it says it has not been purchased.  So much for customer service.  Beware!  Update: still broken.  And I can't even repurchase it because Play shoes it as purchased.  Next update will be an alternative for this garbage if I can find one.
Abandonware.
Will be nicer once this has the new Ice Cream Sandwich look, crashes every once and awhile too. Very slow.
I have had elite purchased for 2years now and I love the application but I can no longer run it on my samsung tablet. The program comes up with a message box "application not licensed" then terminates.
Why is Medialets collecting my ID and location when I paid for this app up front? I don't like this business model. Uninstalling.
Had wb free on 2 Droids for 4 yrs. Free with ads started geting slow. Got elite even though reviews against it. On my HTC incredible, no 4g, is much faster than free. I totally agree with the complaints about radar loop ending at start & not current. That should never happen, but It's been doing the same on free version for a few weeks. Other areas seem just as before.
Desperately needed it in bad weather yesterday and could not get a radar image to upload quickly. Guess everyone else was monitoring it too. Very disappointing.
constantly freezing and terribly inaccurate
I paid for hasn't worked all day.....never had a problem with the free version....will give 1 star for now
Only way this (CR)app updates if I power off/on my ph. That lets me know I got what I paid for. FIX IT!!!
Don't buy this crapware. Same complaint as others....forces close all the time. They should refund my money so I can buy a product that works
Bought the elite version. Constant freezing, radar very slow, and force closes. Original Droid, Droidx2, Droid incredible
Junk
Within a day of installing it, the app started screwing up. The notification said "Failed to load data. Tap to update." But tapping does no good. Data doesn't load in the main window, either. My connection is better than fine; it's great. I regret buying this piece of garbage. Even if the problem is fixed soon, this is an indicator of the level of quality to expect. I've already uninstalled and I'm demanding a refund. I advise others to do the same.
It hasn't been able to update since yesterday. Hopeless. No weather station close to me, although there used to be until the end of last year, so now the forecasts are very inaccurate. Last week it said we had storms and torrential rain but it was in fact lovely.
Hey! What's wrong with this all of the sudden? Not working at all.
It never uploads or fails to upload. This app is a load of crap i wish i never bought it.
The app updated itself and now won't load my location or my data
Where the hell do you get ur temp reading from??  Its 102...and this p.o.s app says 87....refreshing doesnt help.
It is just awesome that we pay for this app and get absolutely NO user support.
Needs to fix the lack of updating. Works fine on wife's DROID 3 but doesn't update on my DROID X2...
Best weather app. Great features.
I've had this app for a while and I'm thoroughly displeased. Paid for something I thought would be good and its just crap. Doesn't load my location right, is slow and choppy.
Sem update. Muito tempo sem novidades.existem aplicativos de graça melhores
Same thing as the free verson. Should not have spent my money on this.
Fails to open after updating.  DROID X
Needs major bug fixes and location fixes...update this please!!
I have a Droid RAZR Maxx and for the past month Weather Bug Elite has not been updating at all. Every once in a while the connection will reestablish, but for the most part it's just running in the background constantly trying to update. Wish I wouldn't have paid for something that's incapable of working properly on my phone...
It force closes every time I look at the radar. Fix this I paid for it!
I paid for weather elite months ago and all of a sudden when I use any of the elite functions now it tells me I have not paid for this app and won't let me continue.  Administration PLEASE FIX THIS NOW!!!
Live wallpaper only updates when you reboot your phone.  Total rip off. Dev should refund.
Brutally inaccurate temperature forecasts for Southern Ontario. Off by as much as 5 degrees most days. Forget about rain prediction. I like the interface but that's where the love ends!
And again it thinks it's not licensed. Yeah, I'm sure people were trying to pirate weatherbug.
My widgets still show the name of a local organization under my city name.. Needs to be fixed.
Every tome I open this app I get the "Welcome to Weatherbug screen" and my home preference are not saved.  This happens all the time. PLEASE FIX THAT!
It was so slow on my LG thrill that it was almost unresponsive. I love weatherbug for iPhone, but it seems to me that you guys screwed up on the android version.
These days, its so inaccurate that you're better off at the roulette table
This app's awful. It thinks my location is a completely different state than the one I'm really in, & it doesn't have any hourly weather. Huge waste.
Once again they update it and broke it worse than it already was.  Widget won't open without a force close every time.  A great app if it worked.
It used to work. Now the temperature is way off can't rely on it anymore.
Now all I get is "Network error" "failed to load data.  Please select refresh in the menu to try again"...nothing seems to fix it, I checked all my settings and even uninstalled & reinstalled...still get network errors...on two completely different devices too: Droid X2 and Samsung YP-G70.
Won't update weather. Errors out. Cleared cache and still no updates.
...until it stopped working. "Failed to load data"
It won't load any location whether entering it manually or trying to use location services. Therefore no weather info is being displayed. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail. I paid for "elite" version and am using the Razr Maxx. I've tried this app on other droids and my iPhone and find this app to be very glitchy and inconsistent. Goodbye Weatherbug.
Latest update force closes all 1.x androids. After more than a month, no fix, no access to earlier version, and no refund. Idiots.
forecast according to wb for sat 75 local forecast from multiple sources high sat of 95... constantly off by 10+ degrees. very disappointed. deleting now unacceptable and i paid for the elite...
This used to be a great app, but now it's barely functional. "Failed to load data" in the pulldown, and it won't update half the time in the app itself. I rely on this and will have to use something else now. 8^(
it would appear. No data for two days now. Anybody have a weather app they like to replace this one?
Have this error on all of my devices now. Please fix, and will be 5 stars.
Same as weather bug..free version. No change what so ever. I got ripped off with this one. The forecast changes by the minute, depending on what its doing outside. The radar is the worst I have ever seen as far as graphics.
All of a sudden it started acting as if I never purchased it. I cannot use it now. It wants me to buy it again.
This app used to be awesome! Since the last update it will not connect on my work wifi.  It works fine on my home network but for some reason it stopped working at work. It keeps saying network connection is unavailable
Was great until it doesn't update and stay updated
But won't get five stars until they change the interface to bring it into the 2010s.
I have emailed weather bug several times just getting the same generic reply. I used to love this app but now that theres issues amd the developers seem uninterested in resolving them ill be looking else where.  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
Radar is real glitchy a lot of times especially when its raining... when I want to use it. street level zoom no longer works and causes force close when I try to zoom in street level. I can't believe I paid for this app**
Downloaded and paid only to have it NEVER open, plz advise as this is bs that it's a charge to download and then it never works.
It worked great before last update......now it has no follow me functions.....also will not refresh on its on unless you touch the screen....please fix . HTC MERGE
The current location weather  does not refresh anymore.
Fast!
Radar map always fails to update properly as soon as the weather starts to get bad, even though my data connection still works just fine.
It doesn't do anything better than the normal one
Finally received an update that didn't break something else YET.
RADAR DOESN'T WORK, FORCE CLOSES EVERYTIME YOU OPEN IT. I WAS EMAILED THAT IT WAS BEING FIXED OVER A MONTH AGO AND STILL NOT FIXED. DON'T WASTE YOUR $
When will there be ui update to a full Swype version.  This is basically the same from many years ago.  Others are being to pass you guys up!
Location way off after update... says I am in N.J., when I am in MN. Please fix.  Missed tornado alert as a result of this.
Awful radar generic forecasts
Amazing app.  Elite is worth the buy.  My company relies on knowing what tomorrow will bring.  This app delivers!
Looks so dated. Needs a UI overhaul bad.  Hasn't been updated in ages.  I regret buying it.
I guess its my fault for not reading all the way to the end that this software works in the USA only not in Canada. Now I can't get refund. Stupid 15 minutes only to refund barely enough time to evaluate a software
Crap, crashes and doesn't show radar half the time.
My location keeps moving all over the world,
Upadated now radar won't load. Useless
Radar widget is very buggy. Do not buy: free version good enough, now that 'premium' functionality is broken.
Went stupid says 55 when i know for a fact its closer to 90
This app is more phone based. On my Asus prime tablet this app is a POS. ICS support? Where? Nothings changed... how about a decent update to this old app
Kills my battery.
No longer an option to disable background updates and the notification panel on ICS still shows the ugly highlighted gray :-/
Bloated up the app, with no improvements.  This is way too big for phones with limited internal memory!  Reverted to previous version.
when I really needed the severe weather notification the most it didn't work.
The UI is old and boring. Been looking at the same Ol app for 3 years now! I was shocked to see this sitting in my update apps section.  I rushed to open the app to see the same crap! Really? It says updates to Android 4.0 but still looks like CupCake!
First update for Weatherbug in forever, and what's the only discernable change? You turned the temperature icon into a giant, ugly eyesore. Please fix it. Also, it's time to properly support 720p screens, and overhaul the UI. Something light and elegant please, not fat and clunky.
a little glitchy, and the weather station choice are small, and they show in the widget, I'd like a setting to hide that.
This app takes forever to load radar. When it does load and run it doesn't always show the whole map. There are blocks of info missing. Very annoying! This app just keeps getting more and more bad!!!
Freezes, glitches, crashes. Generally a crap product. Radar works great outside the area you want to see but don't load what you want to see if at all.
Sucks...rarely will an entire weather pattern appear. Try & animated only to have large sections appear then disappear. To not waste your $$$
Love this app - thank you!
Radar Stopped working on my tab and phone .always a issue with WB.......?..please fix
It can never reload or load the weather map and always force closes
Radar isn't  reliable if bad weather is in area. This has been a problem for years.
Nice looking app but weather maps rarely fully load and take too long with 3g, 4g, or 20 Mbps wifi.
Radar never works correctly. Always missing parts of the picture! Please fix!
Radar functionality is very poor. Most of the time there are large areas that are blank.
Needs some serious work done to the radar. Doesn't load half the time. I try to get on the radar to see where the storms are and it doesn't even show up half the time. I paid for this app I would like to get my moneys worth.
Great app except for radar. So many times there are large sections of the radar image missing. The refresh function does not resolve the issue
Not working AGAIN.
Was a good app, now crashes constantly and says there's a "network error". This was my go to weather app.......time to find another.
Whenever a major event hits an area, the radar stops working there...great job guys. Half mile tornado headed toward Kansas and they CAN'T SEE IT on this app.
Massive tornado coming my way and the radar on this is completely broken. Thanks for crapware.
Ive had this app for checking weather for about three years now, seems that every time there is severe weather the app fails to work efficiently, any other time it works great. Time to find something else that will completely load the radar when its animated.
I find out it is raining before it even shows up on the map! Downloaded radar now... Much better. Time to work on your app guys.... Keep up with the times!!!!!!!!!
Or stay with the one with anoying ads. I purchased the elite version and could not open it. Installed/uninstalled multiple times. Sent multiple reports, still not working and no updates. Looks like the "top developer" isn't getting enough money from their ABANDONWARE elite version. Must be making more $ off free/ad version. Also looks like the free app gets more updates. Disapointed.
This app would be so amazing if the weather was ever correct for the past 3 Weeks it has called for nasty rainy weekends and each time they were beautiful
Advertising they have lightning, but don't,  Customer service says they are aware of the problem, but don't know when it will be available.  They didn't seem concerned and sure did not apologize for selling something that didn't work as promised.
Seems like they just forgot about this app. Load times and map updates are extremely slow and unreliable. Used to be a good app.
My Location is way buggy lately. Hopefully update will fix it....always says I am in areas around Dallas, I live an hour away from there. :/ Samsung Galaxy s2 Epic Touch
I live in Owosso, MI.  The closest weather station is now in Williamston, mi.  Which is 30 miles away!  How is that going to do me any good?  A year ago my weather station was in the same zip code.  I wanted to add Ludington, mi.  But the closest location was Fremont, mi. Again 30-45 miles away.  This app sux now.  Its unfortunate.  It used to be really good. And I paid for it.  If you use it, be careful of where the weather station is really coming from.
Like everyone else it keeps forceclosing when looking at radar during severe storms especially ones producing tornadoes. Fix it!!!
app doesn't open! always forced close!!! not worth buying!
My location is stuck in west Monroe la. I'm no where near there. Any ideas?
According to this app the weather ONLY changes at 6 am and 6 pm. Hourly forecasts are copied all day then change at 6pm and are then copied for all night. It also like to predict Sun shine with 100% rain. Completely unreliable. A pain to navigate the menu. all around terrible.
Either fix this feature on our paid version or stop advertising a feature for the PAID version that doesn't work. That's called FALSE ADVERTISING and there should be a CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT for taking our money.
I run this app on my Evo as well as my Galaxy Tab. It is great,  until you try to refresh the data. You might as well manually kill the app, and re-start it.  .  .  it might refresh, and it might just hang.
I emailed the developer and they are aware but they have no idea how to fix it nor how long it will take.
Can't download
Layout looks terrible on Motorola Xoom.  Need to build in tablet support.  Been waiting for a year now.  Come on already.  Free tablet version is OK but I want more and already paid for it.
This app used to work great. Recently though it is not indicating the correct temperature. Really....is 36* in New Orleans in late March? You would think that would make the news.
This app used to work great. Recently though it is not indicating the correct temperature. Really....is 36* in New Orleans in late March? You would think that would make the news.
Why won't you respond to any of my emails? I'm so sick of this app not updating. I really tried, but you've finally lost me. Uninstalled.
Keeps telling me to buy and then it shuts down.  I'm not going to pay for an app over and over.
This doesn't even load on Rezound. don't waste your time or money. Stick with the free version
I have more problems with this PAID app than any other. On my gnex running pics it constantly force closes and pops a message that it has stopped 2 to 4 times every time I minimize or close the app. It also regularly refuses to update data and is slower to update data and maps on 4g than my old 3g Droid x. I am disappointed in this app, they seem to have abandoned development on it. I would say get the free one and dl something else like weather channel etc. As a backup.
Apparently no longer updated.
Lightning strikes! Thats why I bought this app. Does not work most of the time. Waste of cabbage!  I wish I could get my money back !!!!!!!!!!
What a waste of a couple dollars! Never loads, updates, or anything!! Uninstall!!
It looks like a 90s app, cheap interface,
Often erroneous and sometimes yesterday's forecast is not quite so useful
Does not updated location running android 2.3
Do not waste your money on this paid version! You may not get ads, but the feature set is far LESS than the free version. It's an outrage that the free version has much better features & refreshing than the paid version. The ads are annoying on the free version, but worth it if you want good, current and detailed weather information. Using this on my Sprint Droid XPRT without any problems.
On galaxy nexus map widget crashes every time! Used to be great app but now it seems like they've abandoned it.
Doesn't work after I rooted my g2x..
Will not update on its own, have to force close it every time to get it to update ONCE. No updates since Aug 2011.
Don't download! App gets no support from developers. Paid version has lots of bugs and never gets updates. Fix the alerts. I don't have any turned on and I keep getting alerts.
Setup is confusing. Not finding any stations close to me. Just not worth the money.
Widget never updates and load time is slow.  Rooted evo!
x2
I had the free version. Then upgraded to paid as I was then happy. APP is slow on warnings now. A tornado WARNING had all but expired by the time it came through. What's the point of that? ?
This app fails constantly and I am lucky if I can get it to pull up anything but the map more than once every few days.
Going to uninstall and change to Accuweather
You suck at weather prediction. I checked and according to you clear for 7 days. I polish my 2011 Ram 1500 and now the sky opens and its raining like crazy. You suck.
Live wallpaper screen turning black
Doesn't refresh even manually sometimes. Location gets stuck along route when I travel. These crappy android apps are starting to make me look at apple.
Changed it to a 1 because they refuse to fix it.  Don't buy this, after they get your money they could care less if the thing works
If you have a HTC Rezound with the OTA firmware update, DO NOT INSTALL this app!  If you use "Current Location" for your city you may experience rapid overheating and eventually endless boot-looping! Not solely the fault of the app but something to do with the app, location services and the network. This does not happen on the free version.
Live wallpaper bug still not fixed. Screen goes black all the time.
Live wallpaper goes black on galaxy nexus. Doesn't zoom in or out properly
Goes dark on my Droid 3 like others are experiencing.
Wallpaper just goes black. There is no apparent fix. G Nexus user.
Black screen always map widget locks up and also black 50% of the time	Save your money
Fix your app! You are a reputable name with an embarrassing app.
Only shows current location. No way to add any other locations. Fail
Sometimes it will update, sometimes it wont. Radar won't update when clicking refresh button, but if you pan the map it updates fine. Very unreliable now.
Can no longer update weather info.  Network error.  Say, here's an idea, if an app isn't broken...leave it alone...
Nothing loads except the ui.  No maps, no temp, nothing.  Paid version doesn't get proper updates
Y do we pay for this and the free one gets updates to fix the same thing we have but ad free
Even with it's flaws. I'm a longtime user. I love this Android version, with lightning strikes and stormpath polygons.
Didn't work.  Free app wanted to record all my phone calls.  Why?  These guys are afu
It closes and never works on my transform
Now it thinks I am in New York but I am in Ohio.  My GPS, 4G, mapping and compass programs all work fine.  Under "My Location" I have it enabled to use GPS and Following, but it won't stop thinking I am in NYC.
The free version worked great so I thought I'd spend $ 2 to get rid of the ads. Paid version won't even open. Hope I get a refund.
Paid for it & it wouldnt even open as an app or a widget. Uninstalled!
Elite is buggy and crashes routinely. Free version on the same device w/ the same software environment is stable. Get it together WB.
Way too long to load anything after the last patch. Fix please.
Pd version on Droid 2. Works great, lots of features, well worth a few bucks. Weather Channel kept getting bugs or wouldn't have the correct location.  Accuweather's opt out section wouldn't work properly-a lot of 3rd party cookies/ads.  This is great, exactly what I need.
Had weather bug for a very long time for my phone but noticed how its not keeping track of the right location I'm at. Fix it please, I'm a truck driver and need it to display my location.
Continual lockups will not update the information
Turned into a turd of an app.  Fix it......black radar on mesmerize.  Some of us use this app for professional purposes
LIVE WALLPAPER shows only BLACK SCREEN!  LG Revolution
Still feel the same way. Doesn't update your location. Weather Channel is just as good and its free
WeatherBug Elite works well on my SGH-T989... WHEN IT CAN FETCH DATA. Data outages have been frequent lately. I confirmed this since my friend uses this app on an iPhone, and also cannot fetch data. Though at first I thought that rooting the phone improved this app's performance, now I see that it still often fetches data slowly, if at all, even with a fast connection. Also, now using a ROM that incorporates T-Mobile WiFi calling (IMS), this app will not connect at all when I have a WiFi connection but do not have any cell network connection. This Android port has a "psychotic episode sky blue" cutesy skin that encourages short visits, then quick escapes (compare its appearance to the iPhone version.) But the app is easy to configure, and its interaction design does a good job of exposing its useful features. The widget is also useful, and it looks elegant when its background is transparent. Still, I am looking for a replacement for this app and plan to uninstall it.
Status bar weather on pulldown is light grey. Does not match ICS dark grey. This needs updated. Weather Underground's app matches. That app is free.
Elite version continues to fail to load data in the notification bar.  Disappointing!
Saying I'm in Budapest and im not    Casio Commando
STILL very basic tablet support with graphics problems on all the widgets.  Few updayes from devs.
Paid good money for this but updates to the app are too few and far between, and the options are quite limited even when compared to some of the free alternatives.  Still pretty useless under ICS despite multiple reports to the devs.  Replaced with BeautifulWidgets.  MUCH better.
Sounds when selecting alert notification tones do not work...but when I get an alert, it works.
Sounds when selecting alert notification tones do not work...but when I get an alert, it works.
Displays network error constantly while other similar weather apps function perfectly
what's the point of using weather bug when it's always wrong??? don't waste your money ....
Being a storm chaser I have lots of weather apps and weatherbug elite is one of the ones I use the most. Alerts me to svr wx plus lightning!
It is 2.2 C and no wind in my location but this piece of crap says it's 7C and 22kts of wind. Waste of money!
I have had zero problems...works great
Updates every 9 hours or so
Looks good to me.
Had the free version for over a year and it worked great. It suddenly stopped working so I bought the upgraded version. it does not load. Not working,
Horrible
Since Ginger bread It freezes my Epic. Use to love it.
Wasted $. App most of the time reports wrong temp.  It takes too much time to refresh.  Will uninstall and try others.
Just downloaded and installed, not working at all, no connection, no updates, wont even allow me to select my location.
After update terrible location issues. Won't follow me, won't display correct data manually. Won't work off phone network.
RDT 
Still not working. I depend on this app for work. Slow support.  Poor choice on my part. 

EVO
Stopped working out of the blue and no support.  worthless as of now!
Epic fail. 12 hours of downtime so far.
Nothing is working it tells me to refresh and it won't. Uninstall and reinstalled and still ain't working. No weather no good. Samsung epic
Spends more time down than working.
No over the air refresh. Only wifi updates it. Galaxy s.
So what if you're not at home?? Use a strange WiFi network? Is this going to be fixed?
WEATHER BUG STOP WORKING I GUESS WEATHER BUG IS DOWN FOR NOW .. IT'S NOT WORKING ON MY COMPUTER EITHER.. GOT TO EMAIL DEVELOPER I GUESS...
WEATHER BUG STOP WORKING I GUESS WEATHER BUG IS DOWN FOR NOW .. IT'S NOT WORKING ON MY COMPUTER EITHER.. GOT TO EMAIL DEVELOPER I GUESS...
WEATHER BUG STOP WORKING I GUESS WEATHER BUG IS DOWN FOR NOW .. IT'S NOT WORKING ON MY COMPUTER EITHER.. GOT TO EMAIL DEVELOPER I GUESS...
WEATHER BUG STOP WORKING I GUESS WEATHER BUG IS DOWN FOR NOW .. IT'S NOT WORKING ON MY COMPUTER EITHER.. GOT TO EMAIL DEVELOPER I GUESS...
...junk. Data doesn't update. It's been buggy since the beginning and still is. I've tried it numerous times since I own it and I keep uninstalling it
I see im not alone! Total meltdown, will not refresh, screens blank, htc evo 3D
Ap suddenly stopped working today.  Won't load anything....tried everything.
As of this afternoon it will not update. It fails for all locations.
Wtf Was working great.. now it  doesn't  receive any data..wtf!!
Is no longer working.  Worked nicely until today.  Now it doesn't load or update, and I have the paid version.
What the hell, everytime you idiots do an update it screws up the app. I'm tired of paying for you to break what's not broke in the first place!!!
Currently not working.  Just stopped within the last hour.  Uninstalled, then reinstalled, still nothing.  Just adding my name to the list...
Data stopped updating, back to 4 stars when its fixed
DOES NOT WORK.
DOES NOT WORK.
Failed to upload data. Hope it gets fixed soon. Paid for elite. Had it 2 days and then it quits.
Continues telling me it failed to load data. Downloaded the weather channel app for now. But fix it! soooon!
If only I could give negative stars.... I got duped into paying for the elite version, and no surprise, it NEVER EVER WORKS. Total CRAP.
Was fine earlier now won't update.
For some reason, plz fix. ツ
Really not happy! Was working fine, now wont load or refresh!!! Sony Ericsson arc
Weather site accurate, widget nicely done just the right amount of information and you can choose from four different widgets.
Works fine until there is bad weather and you actually need it, then it doesn't work.
Very disappointed since last update. Changed from 5 to 1 star. Force close and no support.
Very disappointed since last update. Changed from 5 to 1 star. Force close and no support.
Used to be my favorite app. Forcecloses after update. Was 5 stars. App sucks now. Wont open with Samsung Transform. No reply from the develope
This should be able to install on the sd card! Or smaller file size.
This should be able to install on the sd card! Or smaller file size.
:( needs update. not working. : (
i puchased this app before. after i upgrade to 2.3. when i download this. i got charged again！
ITS NEVER RIGHT!!!!
Just get the circling icon ... no data ... not worth the $ ...
The only thing this app is good for is the weather videos and taking up a huge amount of space on my phone.
My favorite weather app.
national outlook videos dont play anymore....
Only after I reboot every time it will
Radar frame rate auto decreases for performance. Even today on Florida, with no rain to show. Also, while connected to 40Mbps WiFi. What gives?
They send admin alerts non-stop,same ones multiple times. Not weather alerts, alerts about crap. Too bad they just started and I cant get money back.
The  best weather app
Unless you have a super high end phone it won't run. Glad I payed for this piece of crap. Force closes after 3 seconds every time.
It is not displaying the correct location.
Force closes every time I try opening.
Dosen"t work after reboot. Samsung Galaxy S.
Was the best weather app but now fails to load weather data frequently.
Wbug working great until upgrade to elite. Kept crashing. Talk about disgrace. - it worked after one update but then after another update it doesnt.
Live Wallpaper Issues Live wallpaper dosnt center on your location, and it needs pinch to zoom
should change name to " FORCE CLOSE ELITE" or if that isn't available mebe "NEVER UPDATES ELITE"
Use 2 love this app. Now, this is the most unreliable app on my phone. Don't dload this, complete waste of $$$!!!
Won.t update
Was working fine until last update in Aug.  Now it crashes on my Samsung Intercept when I view the radar view.  Despite several bug reports no update has been made to fix. I'm currently using the freeby version which works fine.
*Missed Alerts, sirens blaring *POOR support * Now won't enable locations or manual entries  *1 star because I can't enter 0
Won't load
Seriously! Too big!  :( HTC Desire 2.2
It has been real buggy lately!!!! Won't load or takes for ever! TB 4g
App is useless. Says I haven't purchased it and the app won't function, but yet here I am reviewing it.
Gps no longer pulls correct location. Frame rate never allows more than medium. NO ONE EVER RESPONDS TO MY EMAILS!!! I'm getting annoyed!
Dont buy this app the annimated radar feature is no longer available radar now is much better app! I feel like they stole my money!
Has become worthless in the past few days. What's up with that?
Which sucks.
I paid for this app in the androi d market. now after update it says I didn't and closes itself. Crappy app before update. Slow!
Sucks.... It is always wrong, most inaccurate weather app there is
Rip-off. Won't open. Last update ruined it. Save your money. No response. Go elsewhere.
FC DROID x .602. Can't open.
paid for elite, expected it to be flawless. Wrong. App always forecloses. Can't even use it. Want my money back! Samsung Intercept
Worked fine for a couple months but force closes every time, I tried reistalling it and that didn't work either. Great app. When it works?
Horrid update Was the perfect weather app before the last update. Now never updates, never pushes notifications. Useless manual weather app now.
I live in south Louisiana and the app is telling me its -18 F and with windchill its -34. Seems to be a problem with this app.
LOADING indolence... in dire need of PERPETUAL UPDATING...hmmm...whether bug related... WEATHERBUG belated...hah!
I had such high hopes for this app. It never got my location right (was off by 50 miles) and took forever to load weather data.
1/8 star DO NOT BUY WB Elite=POS. If you think this app is flawed why do you give it 2 3 4 stars?!? 5 star posters are shills.
crashes every time on my Sprint Samsung SPH-M920 (Transform) uninstalled. standard free Weatherbug works fine.
So disappointed. Keeps closing on me. Weatherbug will not respond to emails just that order was charged to my card. Bad app bad people!+7'8"+""%+%! _
weatherbug elite use to be the best app around but not anymore. it constantlyvfails to update and load on startup and never refreshes it data. unless these issues are resolved i can only it 1 star. there are other programs out there that deliver the weather better then this program.
weatherbug elite use to be the best app around but not anymore. it constantlyvfails to update and load on startup and never refreshes it data. unless these issues are resolved i can only it 1 star. there are other programs out there that deliver the weather better then this program.
I cannot purchase and download application. It seems there is a network issue with Weather bug Elite for the last 3 days. 9/04/11.
Fails to load very disappointed
The new update does allow it to run smoother. Radar icon is now gone. I font have radar on Motorola i1.
Doesn't work offline! Just get a message how it can't connect. Doesn't store any information
Very disappointed in this app. It does not update on my HTC Evo 4G. I have it set to update every 30 minutes but it will not update.
Not anymore! Constant forceclose on samsung intercept.
You'll get 5 stars ...for the hurricane season before coming to Florida
Hate that I paid for this. No differ from the free one. Will NOT animate at all. App stinks. Stay with free one.
Was working perfectly for at least last year on MotoDroid. Since last update manual refresh does nothing. Only way to get new info is to reboot.
Was working perfectly for at least last year on MotoDroid. Since last update manual refresh does nothing. Only way to get new info is to reboot.
The last update causes the app to crash before it even opens. Samsung Intercept
Worked up til the last update Galaxy s 4g
Worked up til the last update Galaxy s 4g
The latest version of this app. Freezes up and never works right
Was a great app no problems until update yesterday.... wheres the radar?! Motorola cliq
Loved this app before last update, now force closes every time before it even fully starts. Wish I could uninstall last update. Fix or money back?
Lots of fc's. Radar is very slow to load. Free version is much more stable.How do I get a refund. Should have stuck with the free version.
Makes all other apps run slow and close. Doesn't update properly. Not worth the trouble. Deleting this app.
<3333
Getting heat alerts every hour for last week. Wacked. Should ve able to choose what alerts u want. All or none....
Force close Samsung transform 2.2
Does nothing but force close. Used to work, not anymore
Nice widget, but continuous failures to load data make it unusable. I went back to Weather Channel widget. HTC EVO.
Still doesn't work
Wall paper works
Needs updating! Why have option to auto refresh when the app won't? App didn't update for over 6 hrs until I refreshed. This app hasn't been good.
Is just not stable anymore. Doesn't update in background properly and was an awesome app that has just become a disappointment.
Very rarely works properly. Verizon rep said they had more complaints with this app than any other.
Not much of a program if you can't show me weather alerts... Takes a minute to try to download alerts & then force closes. This is for full premium version on original DINC.
The latest update only partially fixed wallpaper issue. The radar appears but it won't loop or update. Please fix...that's why I upgraded.	Live wallpaper not working since last weeks upgrade. Won't update or loop. Reported last week.
I am so glad I paid for this feature. Shouldn't the paid program work better than your free one? It doesn't.
Have to change my comment... It was great but now the live wallpaper doesn't update and the zoom doesn't always work. Unreliable now...
Will no longer update wallpaper radar since last update. Does not refresh anything automatically. Give me my money back.
Widget no longer updates by itself. Forecast was for 3 days ago. Unacceptable for a paid application!
Widget no longer updates by itself. Forecast was for 3 days ago. Unacceptable for a paid application!
Why have a weather app if it won't update! Please fix, use to love this app, now ready to uninstall!
now incompatible with my phone after i paid my phone reset and now i can't get it back
now incompatible with my phone after i paid my phone reset and now i can't get it back
It does not update temp and city as is supposed to. Garbage, don't waste your money
Forcast is changed to 70% rain. I suppose its 100% now since its raining. Want to be like weatherbug??? Stare out the window take a guess then post it
Get alerts repeatedly all day in 15 minute intervals regarding the same alert. Horrible development.
Worked great for so long... then stopped updating. Very disappointed...
No heat index. Reinstated still no heat index from my closest station and now no rain amounts
Used to update temp on its own now it wont gets worse every day used to love it just a waist of space now
Updates erratically. Does not find current location. Uses far, far more resources than it should. Not fit for a paid app.
Sux don't work at all dant wait ur money cause they don't refund at all. They give u a song and dance
Free one is great but once I paid for it, it hasn't worked very good at all
Not sure what's going on with it lately but the radar map widget either doesn't update or takes forever to update, fix it and get 5 stars from me agai
Too too many updates I.paid for this have had this app for approximately 2 years.this app just gets worst and worst. Droid inc
Live wallpaper does not refresh! HTC desire. I wish I never updated.
Love it
App would be better if the live wallpaper would update like it used to.......
Loved this app until I paid for it and loaded latest version few days ago. Now I see this rev is useless as in other reviews. I don't use it now.
The best
Use to work before update now I can't use live wallpaper even though I paid for it
Use to work before update now I can't use live wallpaper even though I paid for it
Gr8
Ever since the update it's been slow and unreliable. Waiting for next update so I can re evaluate. Thunderbolt
If I could give it 0 stars I would. Completely useless ever since last update. REFUND PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
Application information is good but load times for the Radar are way too slow, even using WiFi. Animation is slow no matter what frame rate you choose
Worked better 3 updates ago. You have to manually refresh despite getting to auto refresh.
Since latest update it seems as if program keeps screen on when using WiFi. Screen find but does not shut off. Using Thunderbolt on Verizon.
Since latest update it seems as if program keeps screen on when using WiFi. Screen find but does not shut off. Using Thunderbolt on Verizon.
Wb, u suck soooo much now. I hate u cause i used to love u!!!
Wb, u suck soooo much now. I hate u cause i used to love u!!!
Needs more accurate wind speeds. Had 5 trees blown over on my block, said wind speeds up to 8mph... Wth?
I seem to be having a problem with the temp staying on top of tab. Whenever I open the app, it never goes to default city. I have to always select it.
Worked great until the last couple updates. Wanted to use it on this years vacation, but it doesn't work, and drains my battery to boot.
Location's keeps getting deleted and my location keeps getting disabled! Please fix it soon!!!!!
Last update made radar not refresh and does not show as many towns as before
Great product but locks up my droidx solid. Just tried again. It no longer locks up but now it never finishes loading! They destroyed the product!
Samsung epic - problems, problems. Basic wb worked fine but Elite locks up my phone & forgets location repeatedly. uninstalling w/o refund. I'm sad.
The latest updates finally addressed the FC issues with maps and fringe network coverage. Wonderful
Map widget doesn't work. Locations won't update at all hardly. I paid for the Elite so I will wait to see if they care enough to fix this. HTC Desire.
There is never a rain amount in my alternate locations...its always 0.0////can you fix that please....when im traveling it would be nice to know .
After the update, all is working, even the alerts, just fine. Thanks for fixing a great app. EVO 4G
This update broke the widget!!! Tried replacing w/ new widget and that one wont work either... even after entering all info again. DroidX, froyo.
I. Have used. Wearherbug on my main computer, so when I saw an app. For WeatherBug Mobile, I said that I gotto get that. It loves your battery thou
Huge waste of $. Problems are profuse & persistent no matter the settings, updates, re-installs. Better off going to a weather website.
Great dev support. Great features. The single best weather app and widget for Android!
Worked great until last update. Now follow me says I'm 200 miles away from where I actually am. Please fix. HTC thunderbolt.
Live wallpaper broken still. Wallpaper radar was one of my favorite parts of this app Please fix.updates are not suppose to make apps worse!
I loved this app prior to the last update. "My location" no longer updates on Moto Droid.
This last update was so bad that I will never use WeatherBug again for as long as I live.. Quick fix? How about hiring minimally competent ppl??
enjoy this app. Loads pretty fast and seems to be accurate. It's the weather app I always use, along withradar now when I want to see where a storm is
The widget still doesn't work even after the update. Refund. When the widget works again I might try 1 more time.
It's great when it's stable but one forced closed after another leaves this a useless purchase
Congratulations. The latest update made this app, which was once good, completely useless.
Congratulations. The latest update made this app, which was once good, completely useless.
Update sucks. Locations not saving, keeps resetting. Also, not all permissions granted to the app are disclosed up front. Misleading. Evo
Update broke the whole app! Widget and app have to be reset every 30 minutes. This used to be worth the price, but now worthless until its fixed.
Ever since the recent update it is a bad app. Going to uninstall. It is a real shame because this app use to work great.
Ever since the recent update it is a bad app. Going to uninstall. It is a real shame because this app use to work great.
They break it way to often. No widgets, no saving locations. Wish I never bought this POS! Thankfully I have backups.
New update has screwed up my phone....won't load widget or update. I was happy till yesterdays update, please fix.
Force close and will not work as a live wallpaper after update! Will not remember locations either... Update fail! Droidx
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
App constantly forces closes since last update! App will not keep my location! Fix! Droid X
This probably saved my life from driving into a tornado. As a truck driver i rely on this app a lot and can plan my trip accordingly in adverse weathe
Will not keep location. I have to enter it after every reboot, screen timeout, and sometimes after I have played a game. Not a good use of $
After update, FC when config live wallpaper, lost my saved locations. Evo 4g
!! do not buy elite - it does not work any better than the free - it does not update your location - the # of stars on this app is misleading!
Deleted my saved locations and now won't save them. Feedback sent. Was 4* before this, with one down for the radar sucking 80% of the time.
Latest update is horrible. Too slow and constant force stops. No control over most options and no update locations. Uninstalling on HTC Incredible.
Latest update is horrible. Too slow and constant force stops. No control over most options and no update locations. Uninstalling on HTC Incredible.
Was doing good. Now it constantly says network error. Sometimes works most time don't. Not worth the money
Class action filed worst app worst cust. Service can't fix the alert issue 3 months already paying for this trash do not buy read all comments
Was a great app! No response on multiple issues, have emailed several times. Warnings cut off and does not follow location anymore. EVO & VIEW
Radar doesn't work half the time on 3G....kinda need it when severe weather is around.
Purchased about a year ago now asking to buy again why buy again I have already purchased tride to contact weatherbug no reply from them
Looked good, but kept reverting to a location I don't even live in, and had no data time after time. I'm sorry I bought it now.(HTC Desire)
Hour by hour is only about 13 degrees off and forcast only accurate for a day. But radar is generally pretty good. Nope, cant even get it right 12 hou
Severe weather alerts BROKEN! Can only read the first line. EVO and EVO 3D... Currently under 3 warnings .. thanx for no help weatherbug!
Dangerous -- since Droid X OS update this app doesn't refresh location anymore. Very dangerous for travellers.
The free version is way better, this version forcecloses, freezes, and the radar is super choppy. Get the free version instead. EVO 4G 3D
Widgets don't refresh since last update release. Devloper is aware of the issue but is ignoring support requests.
Would be nice to see the updates here too not just the amazon app store I paid for this app please sort it out
Last update hosed the program. Is there going to be a fix for it freezing up on start?
In the beginning this worked fantastic. Slowly glitches started. It would freeze up my phone. I couldnt even get it to open, so I uninstalled it.
It is like 75 degrees here and this app is saying its 36. It seems like a new prob each day. Dont waste you money or space.
Force close too frequent while loading map image. Developers run amuk with this app. Epic 4G
I loved weather bug however it started having issues and so I took it off and tried to reload it and it won't even reload... very disappointed
TOTALLY SUCKS!! Used to be a 5 star app. With the new updates, NONE of the features work. I want my money back! DO NOT PAY FOR THIS APP!!
DO NOT BUY !!! DEFECTIVE APP !!! URGE GOOGLE TO REMOVE APP OR MAKE THE AUTHOR FIX IT. THEY'RE STEALING YOUR MONEY.
Paid for it. Radar doesn't work. Radar worked great when it was free, and now , no one to even complain to . Took the money and ran
The "force closed" feature works great! Two "Middle fingers" up! Says a paided custumer
Stop working, was buggy when it did work. Has cool features that is why i gave it three stars
Stop working, was buggy when it did work. Has cool features that is why i gave it three stars
Only app on android that cant utilize location services....pathetic...wish i could get refund...bug is 2 years old! Come ON!
Used to be a favorite, frequently used app. Rarely displays current temp any more. Radar has a 50/50 chance of opening. Not sure what's happening.
Constantly buggy, wish I'd never bought it. Text in weather warnings is truncated-great features gone bad.
This prduct does not work no radar. There is no button to touch. Very disappointed to pay for something and not be able to use it. I got ripped off
Wont load widget on long press, updates are exceptionally rare. Seriously do not get this or pay for it. Spend the 2 dollars anything but this.
Any longer then that and we all would have figured out we wasted $2. Rarely updates, widgets and notifications are usually wrong (and show completely different info), location has never worked right, only had 1 or 2 updates since November which fixed things for about a day before everything stopped working right. After getting into the habit of opening up my web browser to verify the usually wrong information from the app, I just decided to eliminate a step and uninstall this hunk of garbage.
still trying to figure out when it will tell me about lightning strikes near me like it did on my blackberries. I contacted customer support via email twice and have yet to hear back. It tells me the city I am in is always under thunder and lightning yet its sunny and nice out. Epic fail..........
I love this app, however, since a recent update I can no longer read the full weatheralerts. They won't scroll and are squashed. Please fix this issue
Ok, so I got a new phone, a galaxy s, and your program STILL force closes. This is a cool program to have you totally incapable douchebags ruin it.
Ok, so I got a new phone, a galaxy s, and your program STILL force closes. This is a cool program to have you totally incapable douchebags ruin it.
App sucks, pay 1.99 for trash, does not update, push notifications are 20 mins late, the event could be over. Needs major overhaul to get me to use.
App sucks, pay 1.99 for trash, does not update, push notifications are 20 mins late, the event could be over. Needs major overhaul to get me to use.
App sucks, pay 1.99 for trash, does not update, push notifications are 20 mins late, the event could be over. Needs major overhaul to get me to use.
Avoid at all costs, this paid version you should. The taskbar temp doesn't update unless u do it manually. How does this app have 4 stars?!
Has yet to download to my phone. After several attempts with company just gave up. Then tried with my wife's phone, same result.
This app has become junk! It gets location wrong constantly and force closes 80% of the time. Steer clear. Hugely disappointed in what was the best.
This app has become junk! It gets location wrong constantly and force closes 80% of the time. Steer clear. Hugely disappointed in what was the best.
Can not get a location fix whether it is GPS or otherwise and will not load. Bought it a year ago and I regret it
The active wallpaper shows a map that does not include my actual location, and zooming out doesn't help. Just let me pick the radar site myself!
The active wallpaper shows a map that does not include my actual location, and zooming out doesn't help. Just let me pick the radar site myself!
Still think its the best weather app.but latelu its been telling me im a town over :/
Only shortcoming is that there is not a 10 day forecast other than that its perfect
WAS WORKING GOOD UNTIL UPDATE, NOW IT FORCE CLOSES THE RADAR WILL NOT WORK HTC EVO
Need to be able to change the color scheme on the app, like you can the widgets. Also, the radar gets hung up sometimes, and wont show the precip.
Does not work on EVO. Shows only one line of weather alerts. Keeps shutting down. Deleted.
Does not work on EVO. Shows only one line of weather alerts. Keeps shutting down. Deleted.
Does not work on EVO. Shows only one line of weather alerts. Keeps shutting down. Deleted.
I've had this app for year how and it's gettin pretty crappy @ this point ! FC and not updating location on Moto Droid 2 , cum on dev. Fix this mess
The absolute worse paid program out there..constant errors and app shutting down...TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!!!
Location updating is broken! Lots of FC since Gingerbread update (Droid X). Radar is slow to update and sometimes does not even refresh. Only way to get location to update is to turn on and off "enable my location". Where do we go for help??!!
The alerts don't work right! It tells u there is one but when u try to open it only the first line and a half of the text shows up!
The alerts don't work right! It tells u there is one but when u try to open it only the first line and a half of the text shows up!
The alerts don't work right! It tells u there is one but when u try to open it only the first line and a half of the text shows up!
Awesome app, works perfect on my cliq 2. Love the radar that I can use for a background. 5 stars.
Won't work after last update. Alerts only show tiny bit of text, can't get important info. Radar force closes! Please fix!!!
It says its Sunday still even though its Monday and the data has been refreshed.
It wont load the radar keeps force closing never has my location right I can't believe I paid for this. Doid x
It used to be really great but after this last update it is worthless. Won't open, if you do get it open, it won't update. We have had bad weather and this is so unreliable. Save your money and get a different weather app! (Hopefully they will fix this soon!)
Was 5 stars but after an update it has caused problems with phone. Causes lock ups of other programs, won't allow other apps to update. Can't use now.
Constantly force closes. Radar maps are slow and reduces frames to improve performance. How about fixing the app to improve performance?
I update & get less??? Just a five day forecast & when I change from one location to another, it "FORCECLOSES" ~ what is that all about?
I update & get less??? Just a five day forecast & when I change from one location to another, it "FORCECLOSES" ~ what is that all about?
I update & get less??? Just a five day forecast & when I change from one location to another, it "FORCECLOSES" ~ what is that all about?
They must get their server issues fixed. Half the time it won't fully load the maps. Every time I open the app its not the right city
They must get their server issues fixed. Half the time it won't fully load the maps. Every time I open the app its not the right city
Hasn,t worked since last update. Reinstalled etc. Switche to a more $ app which has bad temp...not our temp by 7 degrees. Trying free weatherbug a
"network error"..... This app was sweet, latley it sucks! Bad! If it dosent get better I'm switching
Pile of c**p. It never knows where you are, even when you reboot the phone. Too many " can't load data" errors. $1.99 is TOO MUCH TO PAY!
Pile of c**p. It never knows where you are, even when you reboot the phone. Too many " can't load data" errors. $1.99 is TOO MUCH TO PAY!
Worked great until last update now junk tells me to buy or uninstall. I purchased it over a year ago. Need fix bbaaadddd!
Worked great until last update now junk tells me to buy or uninstall. I purchased it over a year ago. Need fix bbaaadddd!
It's sad that the free weather channel app works a whole lot better then the paid version of weather bug
What happened to QC before releasing updates? Paid version broken now, no updating, uninst/reinst, clear cache, reboot, still broken. GarbageWare.
paid for elite version 3 days ago & it quit working last night. Won't refresh & gives network connection error...i've even. Pathetic!!!
Constantly giving wrong locale, says "Searching for location" far too often. Battery hog when it does this. Uninstalled.
Constantly giving wrong locale, says "Searching for location" far too often. Battery hog when it does this. Uninstalled.
I'm getting the same thing. Been using this for nearly a year with no problems and I love it. Now it fails to update. Be patient folks. They'll fix it
I'm getting the same thing. Been using this for nearly a year with no problems and I love it. Now it fails to update. Be patient folks. They'll fix it
Will no longer work, failed to update. Waiting on dev to fix. Please inform when fixed, my constant use of this app is greatly missed
Interferes with google maps and navigation so I have to appkill it when using maps. Please fix.
Hey Wx Bug....how about posting an update to advise you are working the bug issues and when we can expect to rely on your app again. Thanks!
Hey Wx Bug....how about posting an update to advise you are working the bug issues and when we can expect to rely on your app again. Thanks!
sprint updated software yesterday and now it won't work . can't get a fix on gps. has been working great for a week but not now
This weather app has alot of bugs...pardon the pun. Won't update, crashes, and is very slow.
Radar map doesn't load or refresh all the way. Random squares are missing on the map. The text from the weather alerts don't fully show. EVO 2.3
Seems like the longer I haver this stupid program the more issues I start having with it. Its becoming a pain, deleting it and reinstalling everytime.
Seems like the longer I haver this stupid program the more issues I start having with it. Its becoming a pain, deleting it and reinstalling everytime.
Worked great for months, but now it fails to load all the time. Almost unusable now. Please fix soon, this was a very cool app.
Worked great for months, but now it fails to load all the time. Almost unusable now. Please fix soon, this was a very cool app.
I was using it just fine for a while, but now it freezes and constantly FCs. Using HTC Thunderbolt. Please update. I would like to reinstall. I paid.
I was using it just fine for a while, but now it freezes and constantly FCs. Using HTC Thunderbolt. Please update. I would like to reinstall. I paid.
Consistently fails when needed most, when storms are approaching. Works fine in fair weather. Unreliable.
Was great. Doesn't work anymore. Inaccurate, unreliable. UPDATE: Now only loads the header information of alerts.
Was great. Doesn't work anymore. Inaccurate, unreliable. UPDATE: Now only loads the header information of alerts.
Was great. Doesn't work anymore. Inaccurate, unreliable. UPDATE: Now only loads the header information of alerts.
Since the last update I can only get weather for my location sporadicly. I live in Arkansas but got weather for somewhere in France for 2 days.
sophisticated as it is, the Widget/app doesnt let me know when there is a tornado warning. a fancy false sense of security.
Force closes all the time since update for DROID x otherwise 5 star when it works
HTC ariea* radar won't loop, crashes and not very efficient..if bugs were out it would be worth it. WAIT. JUST TAKE THE FREE ONE
This was a good application untill I downloaded an update. Now, it only works 1/10 of the time
Weather info is consistently inaccurate. Customer Service sucks. Refresh button too small. Might as well throw your dollar right in the trash. HATE IT
Weather radar and rainfall animations only work in the United States. This is not made clear in the description! Rained 8 hrs today. App says 0mm prec
I love this app! I have tried several and this works the best, has the right amount of features. WAY better than TWC app
I love this app! I have tried several and this works the best, has the right amount of features. WAY better than TWC app
Widgets don't work correctly. Says It's going to be 98 and snowing on Monday, June 13, 2011 here in Kansas. ???
Should have stuck with free version. Can't get radar, which was the reason I bought it. Get to work on it.
Should have stuck with free version. Can't get radar, which was the reason I bought it. Get to work on it.
The radar map could definitely be better....but otherwise an excellent app!! Works great on my Nexus S 4G
I bought this app but it would never download then I clicked refund and it said could not be refunded. Then it said I had to buy it again.
Folks, since they haven't fix it. Try NECN Weather it works pretty well. This has been my back up for my business.
Love everything EXCEPT animated radar. Keeps lowering animation frames to "optimize performance" even though everything is working fine.
This update is terrible for veiwing alerts. They are cut off after only one line of text. Uninstall, and cleared cache, reinstalled and still broken.
This update is terrible for veiwing alerts. They are cut off after only one line of text. Uninstall, and cleared cache, reinstalled and still broken.
Ugh...constantly says it cant update due to no signal??? Free version worked great. Samsung galaxy s
Great till the last update. Now it can never sync and drained my battery in 5 hours. I was doing nothing else with my phone.
Radar fail! Worked flawless for months, but now get force close when using radar. Bad storms, please fix. DroidX
I hate to give only 2 star, but the follow me part of this program is crap. It needs to be constant gps, leave network alone because data seems to
I hate to give only 2 star, but the follow me part of this program is crap. It needs to be constant gps, leave network alone because data seems to
Maps sucks now. Constant fc's. Can't use the app. Don't buy! I wish I could return it!
Worked fine but now is completely broken. I had to uninstall since it interfered with my GPS location on maps and navigation
This used to be a great app but since the update it's not worth much ... unless you want the weather in Walvis Bay, Nambia. I finally just uninstalled it.
This used to be a great app but since the update it's not worth much ... unless you want the weather in Walvis Bay, Nambia. I finally just uninstalled it.
Bogus! Force closes all the time, tried to contact creator and work out bugs... No response.. ;(
I've used this app since the first Droid it worked great. Now it crashes my thunderbolt. How can you screw up a good thing
Not dependable when needed the most. Radar almost always fails to load and constant FCs. A big shame.
This app was nice at one time. But now its the worst you people that sell this are sad what a rip off
Please fix the weather alerts, it's been a few months sense they stopped working correctly and no word of any fix.
Won't refresh please fix and I'm not in ding China. This app was great but now crap
Won't refresh please fix and I'm not in ding China. This app was great but now crap
This app went from fine to bad. FC all the time on my D2Global. Unacceptable for a paid app. Trying MyCast Weather now...
App that can save lives is now worthless, u should b ashamed for not fixing ASAP
Force closes all the time. Radar very very slow to update. Show lightning strikes doesn't work. Paid version. Eris
Force closes all the time. Radar very very slow to update. Show lightning strikes doesn't work. Paid version. Eris
Force closes all the time. Radar very very slow to update. Show lightning strikes doesn't work. Paid version. Eris
Force closes all the time. Radar very very slow to update. Show lightning strikes doesn't work. Paid version. Eris
force closes a lot .. HTC incredible. Uninstalled/installed SO many times.. paid for it.. sad.
It keeps foreclosing on me and also making my Droid 2 keep rebooting. Please fix this problem cuz I use to love the app but got rid of it till then.
I've used this app for two years without fail, latest update had destroyed it, need to fix it guys.. Droid X
Paid for this a while back, always attributed the problems to my hacked G1. Turns out it sucks just as bad on a Samsung Galaxy. A real shame, too, since the widget and the main app could be fantastic if they worked as advertised.
Paid for this a while back, always attributed the problems to my hacked G1. Turns out it sucks just as bad on a Samsung Galaxy. A real shame, too, since the widget and the main app could be fantastic if they worked as advertised.
Total scam. Don't throw your money away. Send it to me. Thats the only way I'll ever get my money back. Jim
Total scam. Don't throw your money away. Send it to me. Thats the only way I'll ever get my money back. Jim
Total scam. Don't throw your money away. Send it to me. Thats the only way I'll ever get my money back. Jim
Total scam. Don't throw your money away. Send it to me. Thats the only way I'll ever get my money back. Jim
Do NOT buy this app! It's broken and been that way for a while. Tornados/storms? Radar is broken. Eff this app!
This app has great features but it fails most of the time. Radar rarely loads and forces a close of app.
This app has great features but it fails most of the time. Radar rarely loads and forces a close of app.
Fix this crap! Freezing up and won't load radar. Had to reboot EVO and app still sucks! FIX IT!
Fix this crap! Freezing up and won't load radar. Had to reboot EVO and app still sucks! FIX IT!
Fix this crap! Freezing up and won't load radar. Had to reboot EVO and app still sucks! FIX IT!
What the heck flawless untill yesterday and storms are on the way? Come on FIX IT PLEASE!!
Forces closed all of the time. It will not load the radar. And when it does it will load bits and pieces of it. Not the whole picture. HTC Incredible.
Forces closed all of the time. It will not load the radar. And when it does it will load bits and pieces of it. Not the whole picture. HTC Incredible.
Forces closed all of the time. It will not load the radar. And when it does it will load bits and pieces of it. Not the whole picture. HTC Incredible.
Worst Tornado outbreak in these parts in years and had to sit at computer desk and risk being sucked away to stay informed...NOT WHY I PAID for this..
It would be better to put weather alerts on the water on tha weather thing where the weather shows
It would be better to put weather alerts on the water on tha weather thing where the weather shows
Gave this app 1 star because of force close issues. An uninstall and reinstall seemed to have solved the radar issues.
What happened?Everything was slow to load but it was there....now nothing! If this is your idea of an upgrade....KEEP IT! Looking for a better app:(
Hey Devs hope that $1.99 got stuck in ur throat.. will be uninstalling... total fail
Wtf weather bug, i bought the elite version and still dont get a radar? And whats up with all the force closes? Fix it, evo 4g
Great weather app if it worked. Force closes, freezes up, slow, on both android and blackberry.
I thought it was a new X2 app problem, but I have gotten forced closed the last two days while trying to refresh the radar maps. Trying to severe weather spot so it is during those intense times when I have been really pushing the app. Otherwise I am very happy with the app and had it on my Blackberry tour, which was slower map loading, but at least did not crash like this.
I thought it was a new X2 app problem, but I have gotten forced closed the last two days while trying to refresh the radar maps. Trying to severe weather spot so it is during those intense times when I have been really pushing the app. Otherwise I am very happy with the app and had it on my Blackberry tour, which was slower map loading, but at least did not crash like this.
Worked fantastic until it started a constant update that i couldn't stop and that makes it drain my battery! Tried everything! Samsung fascinate
The errors when viewing the map hindered me when chasing storms in central Kansas today
The errors when viewing the map hindered me when chasing storms in central Kansas today
Unimpressed. The alerts don't work correctly and I never could get the radar to pop up. Will be uninstalling
FC every time I try to update and view the radar. This just started today. Never a problem before today. I had extreme severe storms today with hai
FC every time I try to update and view the radar. This just started today. Never a problem before today. I had extreme severe storms today with hai
Constantly Force Closes....Needs To Be Fixed....Used To Be A Great App....If Fixed,I Will Give It A Five Star....Droid Incredible
I loved this app but now fails to load all the time and radar newer shows up don't install until fixed rip off
F**! Fix the RADAR!!! TORNADOES ALL AROUND SIRENS GOING OFF... AND F.C. TIME AFTER TIME!!!
Constant force close on radar, apparently has really went down hill, htc Thunderbolt
Dunno what happened, but now when updating the map, the app FC's. Not ruling out CM7 as the culprit, though.
Tornados are dropping all around and this stupid app force closes everytime I try to access the radar. I will uninstall & look for an app I can TRUST.
The radar was the one thing I liked about this app and now it doesn't even do that - constant force close. Do not buy this app in its current state.
Worthless. Keeps force closing instead of giving radar picture. Going to Weather Channel app. Don't spend my money all in one place weatherbug.
Just changed my rating. Would give it MINUS ONE THOUSAND STARS if possible. I've never seen an app that crashes so consistently!!!! Save your money!!!
Just changed my rating. Would give it MINUS ONE THOUSAND STARS if possible. I've never seen an app that crashes so consistently!!!! Save your money!!!
Was working great until last update. Now 5 tornados and force closes all the time. Evo cm7
Freakin tornado 3mi away, and this program will NOT work radar locks up. It use to be good but sux after several update.
There is a tornado in my backyard and yet my PAID weather application which has worked for over a year finally decides to leave me in the dark. Thanks
Force closes constantly, since last update! Ever so frustrating! Can't depend on it when needed!
I figured I will mention that my Thunderbolt is crashing as if it was its job... If it was meant to then its working great! Ummm..no
I figured I will mention that my Thunderbolt is crashing as if it was its job... If it was meant to then its working great! Ummm..no
I figured I will mention that my Thunderbolt is crashing as if it was its job... If it was meant to then its working great! Ummm..no
This app force closes when any bad weather happens. This is when I need it most!
This app force closes when any bad weather happens. This is when I need it most!
This app force closes when any bad weather happens. This is when I need it most!
This app force closes when any bad weather happens. This is when I need it most!
would not stay running at all, force closed every time tried to use. HTC EVO
Force closes while trying to view radar. Started after last update. Please fix it soon.
Don't waste your $, get the free version. Use to work great, but constantly force closes now. Never had any problems with the free version.
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
Pls, pls fix. App force closed 2x within the first 5 mins of install. Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant. T-Mobile
Pls, pls fix. App force closed 2x within the first 5 mins of install. Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant. T-Mobile
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Worked fairly well up until last update. Now when looking or should I say trying to look at the radar it force closes.
I love this app......but until they fix the problem with it closing up on me, i rate it very poor. Fix it and i will once again give it a 5.
Radar doesn't load fully. Droid x. No update to fix the glitch. App is closing in radar mode.
Radar doesn't load fully. Droid x. No update to fix the glitch. App is closing in radar mode.
Radar doesn't load fully. Droid x. No update to fix the glitch. App is closing in radar mode.
Radar doesn't load fully. Droid x. No update to fix the glitch. App is closing in radar mode.
 Evo 4g
Hey folks, do you read the comments about your app? It is sucking a_ _ for the last few days. Its storm season, get it fixed!
Hey folks, do you read the comments about your app? It is sucking a_ _ for the last few days. Its storm season, get it fixed!
Radar stopped updating with last update...give us something that works!...USED to love it
Radar stopped updating with last update...give us something that works!...USED to love it
Radar stopped updating with last update...give us something that works!...USED to love it
Radar has quit working. Has had a lot of issues not a reliable app in the time of need...please fix wb used to be the best
Radar has quit working. Has had a lot of issues not a reliable app in the time of need...please fix wb used to be the best
Terrible. Bad storms in our area and all it would do is force close when I tried to use it to track the storms.
Terrible. Bad storms in our area and all it would do is force close when I tried to use it to track the storms.
Terrible. Bad storms in our area and all it would do is force close when I tried to use it to track the storms.
I am so sick of this stupid app! It never works when you need it. The radar is completely defective. For heaven's sake don't buy it!
Right when I needed it this p.o.s. isn't working. FC ing on radar. I live east of okcity and had to get mycast. A proven platform that works. Wut crap
Right when I needed it this p.o.s. isn't working. FC ing on radar. I live east of okcity and had to get mycast. A proven platform that works. Wut crap
Right when I needed it this p.o.s. isn't working. FC ing on radar. I live east of okcity and had to get mycast. A proven platform that works. Wut crap
Life or death situations this app will leave u dead if u dare trust to rely on it!!!!!!!!!!!
Life or death situations this app will leave u dead if u dare trust to rely on it!!!!!!!!!!!
Life or death situations this app will leave u dead if u dare trust to rely on it!!!!!!!!!!!
Used to work well now radar does not work and force closes a lot. Worthless.
Used to work well now radar does not work and force closes a lot. Worthless.
Do not waste your money. Exact same app as the free one. I got ripped off by spending the two dollars. Jaggoffs.....
This was 5 stars easily. Now constantly force closes when I check radar. Samsung fascinate.
I live in tornado alley and find this app bloated and useless. Force closes more than it does anything else.
I live in tornado alley and find this app bloated and useless. Force closes more than it does anything else.
Fix the radar tiling issues! All I get is tiles that don't fully populate! Also, constant force closing.
Just told my wife must be storm in area wbe quit working! I was right!!! What a joke!
Just told my wife must be storm in area wbe quit working! I was right!!! What a joke!
Worked great until recently there is a bug in the radar forecloses please fix soon
Great Weather app but for some reason currently having connection issues. Gingerbread 2.3.4 uninstalled until fixed.
Gives accurate detailed information for multiple locations with plenty of customizable options.
The radar hardly ever loads correctly, it's usually missing many sections, and the map in motion is ten times worse
Great - when it works, but still inconsistent, map freezes (and the map is its most useful feature).
Have had this app for almost a year, however in the last week the radar has not worked and force closes on my evo. Please fix.
Radar isn't working. Hasn't for quite some time. Save your money. It only gets worse. Evo 4G
Radar isn't working. Hasn't for quite some time. Save your money. It only gets worse. Evo 4G
Not a good/ droid app anymore. Most companies perfect software overtime this is gotten much worse.
Great app BUT maps widget will not load. Stays white on my home screen until I remove and re-add it. Works for a bit then happens again.
Was the best weather app for droid x until last update. Now it's horrible. Please fix ASAP.
Works great except for the radar being a little choppy and slow. Even over wifi. Htc tbolt.
Works great except for the radar being a little choppy and slow. Even over wifi. Htc tbolt.
Only advantage on the free version is no ads and widgets. Forces close way too much.
Only advantage on the free version is no ads and widgets. Forces close way too much.
That saddly is what has happened with weather bug elite. I have had this app for a year. it seemed to work fine at first. Over the past several months, and with every new revision this app accumulates more and more problems. As many people have mentioned the forcase information does not update. Furthermore, it only allows the most limited number of frames for animated weather maps( 6 vs 12) claiming "its to increase performance." BS! I wouldnt buy this app and I am looking for a replacement! -ripped off!
Worst weather app ever. Wish I could get my money back. Hasn't been acurate for months. Not even close
Was fine until last update, now doesn't update location. Might have to look elsewhere if doesn't get fixed soon.
I am tired of app downgrading my frames on animated radar from my higher choice of frames. I want higher for a reason and part of why I bought it.
Why is there no radar image in the elite version? That was what I was wanting so back to the free version I go.
Tried purchasing from the free version. It will not upgrade. tried refunding. Refuses to allow a refund. Spend your money elsewhere.
Had this for a long time and used to work great.... now it absolutely sucks..... fix it already!
I live in Plano Texas, but have sealing the last two days with Libya temperature showing.
It was great now shows wrong temp all the time. Repeats this pattern at 2 or 3 monthly intervals. Gets frustrating after a while.
Updated. Pfft. I live in Buna, Tx. Weather Bug shows via GPS my location to be Saint Amant, La. Ugh! BLAH SIGH!!!
Not updating its location since the last update. Reported to de eloper, but no response. Great app if they fix this issue.
Not updating its location since the last update. Reported to de eloper, but no response. Great app if they fix this issue.
Not updating its location since the last update. Reported to de eloper, but no response. Great app if they fix this issue.
updated to elite and have had nothing but problems. Now after having the elite for weeks it is telling me I did not purchase it and it will not run
updated to elite and have had nothing but problems. Now after having the elite for weeks it is telling me I did not purchase it and it will not run
What has to happen so that you finally decide to implement moving the app to SD storage?
How did I go from upstate ny to south carolina? Considering the current weather conditions here, looks like i'd want to be there, BUT I'M NOT!!!
How did I go from upstate ny to south carolina? Considering the current weather conditions here, looks like i'd want to be there, BUT I'M NOT!!!
Bogus forecasts and crappy selection of weather stations for less populated areas.
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
Another POS update worse than the previous. Hit by tornado Monday no alert from WB. Great job...;-(
The normal weathetbug was great. This latest update for Elite is terrible. Freezes, my location thinks I am in South America, and it will not open!
Not bad...bug turns off lighting setting. Also need zoom setting on widget, and more radar product alternatives. Faster updates needed for alerts.
Was great till the update. Can't wait till I go back to iPhone. Left a bad comment and now it don't work at all lol!
Locks up my network connection have to power cycle phone 2-3 times a day.. Not worth the money
Now it wont find my location. It used to work great. Not anymore. Samsung epic 4g
Used to be good but now it keeps wanting to force close. Please fix this bug....or give me a refund
Used to be good but now it keeps wanting to force close. Please fix this bug....or give me a refund
Used to be great, now a POS that doesn't update. Last night we had tornado warnings and no weather alert!
We need to b able 2 pick this apps weather alert notification tone. Also we need 2 b able to pull up the weather alert details in the app like My Cast
I take back my previous "excellent" comment. Total failure, force close radar on my EVO!!!! Purchased elite like a fool.
Getting better, but shouldn't take several months to come out with updates for major problems.
Major bad weather last evening and this app starts Force closing. I've been trying to live with this PAID app for almost a year and I'm just totally frustrated. Every other update breaks something and doesn't really fix anything. I've found that the FREE My-Cast Weather is far superior to the PAID Elite version of WeatherBuggy. My-Cast is twice as fast in every category and soooo much better UI.
Not worth the money u can go and download the free version (lite) and have the same stuff as this one
Force closes everytime I open the map :-( with the awful weather we have had I need an app that works!
Force closes everytime I open the map :-( with the awful weather we have had I need an app that works!
Does not find the right location for me and will not pull up radar since the update. Tried to remove update and it will not run at all then.
This is a pos software. What a joke. Freezes and forced closes on droid x.
This is a pos software. What a joke. Freezes and forced closes on droid x.
This is a pos software. What a joke. Freezes and forced closes on droid x.
Nothing works after update! Droid 2. <done with this app> I just got My Cast and it works great!
This app is so horrible. radar doesnt load half the time. Doesnt update after you open the app unless you manually update it.
New update sucks. Constantly freezes, force closes, radar doesn't work and will not update current conditions.
Radar force closes since the last update. This is the GREATEST weather app out there...please get this fixed.
Faithful and paying user was failed by the app the one time I most needed it in Alabama today. Radar keeps force closing. You lost my faith.
Faithful and paying user was failed by the app the one time I most needed it in Alabama today. Radar keeps force closing. You lost my faith.
This was my favorite app for a long time. Total junk now. No radar, crashes, etc. Don't know what happened, used to be rock solid. Uninstalling.
Free app the radar freezes every time, so I paid for the elite app. Now it force closes every time I open it. Wish it worked!
Free app the radar freezes every time, so I paid for the elite app. Now it force closes every time I open it. Wish it worked!
Free app the radar freezes every time, so I paid for the elite app. Now it force closes every time I open it. Wish it worked!
Radar stopped working after last update. I forces to close. Do something about this. It was good for the last two years.
With the latest update it wont even open map force closes everytime mytouch 4g android 2.2.1_
With the latest update it wont even open map force closes everytime mytouch 4g android 2.2.1_
Puts the bugs in weather app. Always something broken. Force closes on weather map, at the moment. Droid Incredible.
What the heck have you people done. This new update sucks! Nothing is working right especially the radar.
Was a great app, but even without update causing FC, radar barely ever loads anymore. Fix this or I'm done with the app.
Was a great app, but even without update causing FC, radar barely ever loads anymore. Fix this or I'm done with the app.
The newest update still didn't fix the radar and when you pay for an app you expect it to work
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
My favorite app till last update now force closes or goes to a black screen when u try to open it
Force closes when using radar please fix I did not pay for something to have it not work
Force closes when using radar please fix I did not pay for something to have it not work
Not working force closes everytime, north Alabama outbreak and needed to rely on this app, sad
Not working, want my money back. After update. Cannot get weather & we're having tornado watch's.
I know it was only $1.99, but I coulda got a cheesburger or something for that.. This stupid thing only worked for 1/2 a day before it forced close!!!
I know it was only $1.99, but I coulda got a cheesburger or something for that.. This stupid thing only worked for 1/2 a day before it forced close!!!
Force close after opening radar since update. Real poor updates.. want my money back! It's sad that the free version hasn't had any of these problems.
Force close after opening radar since update. Real poor updates.. want my money back! It's sad that the free version hasn't had any of these problems.
Force close after opening radar since update. Real poor updates.. want my money back! It's sad that the free version hasn't had any of these problems.
Ever since I opened the radar it force closes everytime I try to just open the app
Ever since I opened the radar it force closes everytime I try to just open the app
Last update bad will not open and to think I paid for this droid 2
This app is horrible. The radar hasnt worked worth a crap in weeks. I want my money back. Updates just make it worse. G2
Since auto update ran this AM on 4-27 I can't open the app. Need a fix or refund app fee for WB Elite. Droid2
Since auto update ran this AM on 4-27 I can't open the app. Need a fix or refund app fee for WB Elite. Droid2
Removed one star! I rely on this app for my business. since the last update it force quits when viewing radar & location error messages on refresh!
I don't know what happened but every time I try to check radar the app closes on its own. Definitely not worth the money I paid, please fix.
I don't know what happened but every time I try to check radar the app closes on its own. Definitely not worth the money I paid, please fix.
Worked well Untill the last update. Keeps force closing and won't refresh correctly.
Data delete, app uninstall, reinstall, different weather station, old+new version,radar still not loading. I paid for this for the radar, fix please.
Radar all screwed up since last update. Please fix. Other than that best weather app for sure.
Radar all screwed up since last update. Please fix. Other than that best weather app for sure.
Wondering why I paid for this... Radar doesn't work and loads slow. Uninstall and reinstall wont help. Where is the reliable weather app for android?
Sometimes wont update. Radar screen works about half the time. Wont pull up image and wont refresh even if I click to to so.
Buttons and features are nice but radar and radar in motion never seem to load or move all the way. Pretty frustrating.
It was 5 stars, but after the recent update radar maps are slow to load or don't load. Very buggy. Moto Droid
The free one works better. Could not get it to work fast enough and get my refund. Im sitting in a thunder storm and it shows clear skies.
Sucks. Worst app. Wont update my location, forced close, also the radar takes so long to load and doesn't show where the severe storms are.
Just updated again and droid x still no working map which is my most important feature. PLEASE FIX
Just updated again and droid x still no working map which is my most important feature. PLEASE FIX
Just updated again and droid x still no working map which is my most important feature. PLEASE FIX
Weather bug elite prevents google maps from finding a gps signal. I've uninstalled it from my droid x - too bad, because I loved the free version.
Free version works better. Bought the paid version and wasted my money. Doesn't work. Always force closes.
Had free version worked fine, bought the elite keeps freezing up , wish had kept old one
Downloaded newest update today and now its not working. Force closes everytime. Please get it fixed.
Latest update dies on maps...get it fixed people! There is no way to drop back a rev.
Latest update dies on maps...get it fixed people! There is no way to drop back a rev.
Latest update dies on maps...get it fixed people! There is no way to drop back a rev.
It was working until this last update, now it won't even open. Come on guys, get your sh*t together. I paid for a working app. not a fancy icon.
It was working until this last update, now it won't even open. Come on guys, get your sh*t together. I paid for a working app. not a fancy icon.
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
Used this everyday for almost 1 year. Updated today and now my radar will not work. It force closes everytime. It was the best but now it's of no use
Radar sucks. Don't buy. Took 20 minutes to decide if I wanted to keep. Then to late to return.
Thank you Weather Bug! Ya, it loads a bit slow but your getting a LOT of info to work with. We've had a lot of bad weather here and app works!
Thank you Weather Bug! Ya, it loads a bit slow but your getting a LOT of info to work with. We've had a lot of bad weather here and app works!
Piece of s*** do not download never works it takes to much time to load, it is a ripp offf
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
When I first installed paid WB, it worked great. Now several times a day it loses connection (even when I have 4-5 bars). It is very slow to (manually) reconnect. I am most likely going to unstall, as this is unacceptable.
Trash. It was better before the update. I don't need it running in the background. Forces my phone to crash
Widget switching between 2 and 3 day forecast and map widget changes size at times. Buggy
Widgets don't update like they are supposed to, shows incorrect information and drains my battery. It used to be great but not now.
Several years in and still no rain radar outside the US, it's available for the UK in several apps but not yet in Weatherbug.
WTF, just updated and the widget is now forcasting SNOW for today in Taunton UK, and thats after opening the app twice, worst than before, please fix!
After update, status bar temperature and location don't update. HTC Incredible with Froyo.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
Radar doesn't load...on a day when we have tornados...weak...switching to weather channel
My favorite app for weather by far and I have them all worth the $.
You people are way too paranoid, if you worry so much about your privacy than get rid of your smartphone...duh
After updates it doesn't run anymore just freezes up phone. Uninstalling it & I paid for mine...rip off
After updates it doesn't run anymore just freezes up phone. Uninstalling it & I paid for mine...rip off
Solid app. Dubious permissions required. Please fix now. Sent email to Dev echoing this concern.
Solid app. Dubious permissions required. Please fix now. Sent email to Dev echoing this concern.
Solid app. Dubious permissions required. Please fix now. Sent email to Dev echoing this concern.
Used to be good now its kind of useless never updates drains the battery dev appears to have made his money and walked away
It was fine for the first few days but since then a waste of time I do not have the radar it's more like google earth and I needed the radar
I'd love it if my widget updated without opening the app, and please fix the live wallpaper thats been broken for at least a year..
I'd love it if my widget updated without opening the app, and please fix the live wallpaper thats been broken for at least a year..
I'd love it if my widget updated without opening the app, and please fix the live wallpaper thats been broken for at least a year..
Very extensive information! I like it a lot and appreciate the weather alerts and other settings.
Every so often force closes, but I wouldn't change this app for any of the options.
Nothing but problems with this app. After paying for it twice I still cannot get the updates or widgets to work properly. G2
USELESS! NEVER current. Why be in the status bar if it constantly displays disconnected icon and needs to be manually refreshed? No updates.
Don't buy this. Weather doesn't update. Tired of these issues, which have been occurring for months! Thanks for taking my money!
Never works right. Dropped it and went with weather channel app. Much better and free.
Use to be the best weather app. Now it never updates. I paid for this app when it worked now its a waste.
I would give 5 stars, but the active wallpaper doesnt work on my HTC G2
I would give 5 stars, but the active wallpaper doesnt work on my HTC G2
Used to be good, but sucks now. Sucks resources. Slows phone. Now says I am unlicensed, but bought it months ago. No response from author.
Used to be good, but sucks now. Sucks resources. Slows phone. Now says I am unlicensed, but bought it months ago. No response from author.
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
Constantly force closes before I even get to see the weather information. Samsung Intercept
Constantly force closes before I even get to see the weather information. Samsung Intercept
I am glad I paid for an application which DOES NOT OPEN! Please fix. Samsung Acclaim with 2.2
Looks like we need a class action law suit - wb either needs to refund our 1.99 or provide us with the updated version - avail since march at amazon
Looks like we need a class action law suit - wb either needs to refund our 1.99 or provide us with the updated version - avail since march at amazon
Was fantastic, but ceased automatically updating weather and location with Android 2.2; no signs of life from developers
They don't seem to be able to fix the loading problem on a paid app.
Force closes on startup on samsung acclaim froyo. No updates for months. Newer version available on amazon. Android market customers ABANDONED!
Dont buy. Used to be fine until last update. Devs have been bsing for over three months saying they r fixing it and havent. Don't buy. Many known prob
Great features. Better b4 I upgraded tho. On my GTab it marks my loc 100 mi north of my actual loc. (Other apps get it right.) Works on my DX tho.
This application performed great on the Blackberry but should not be on the market for the HTC Thunderbolt and android 2.2.1 OS – ICON says it all.
App doesn't work! I paid for it and it has only loaded one time.. within the return time! After that it just has errors and will never load.
App doesn't work! I paid for it and it has only loaded one time.. within the return time! After that it just has errors and will never load.
This app does NOT work! Errors out everytime. It should be removed from market and $$ refunded!
Why does Amazon app store have a newer version available while the version in this app store has not been updated?
if this can't or won't get fixed we all should be entitled to a refund right? how many months should this get ignored? never updates. all agree?
I often have to open the app in order for the widget to even load any information.
I often have to open the app in order for the widget to even load any information.
Used to be a great app but the last few months its been worthless. Avoid this app.
This version does not work. I got the elite version free from the Amazon appstore and it actually works. It is a newer version. Samsung Acclaim. 2.2
This version does not work. I got the elite version free from the Amazon appstore and it actually works. It is a newer version. Samsung Acclaim. 2.2
This app keeps my phone awake all the time, and drains the battery rapidly. My only regret in android app purchase.
This app keeps my phone awake all the time, and drains the battery rapidly. My only regret in android app purchase.
Great app! Worked good until the Froyo 2.2 update on my US Cellular Samsung Acclaim. Now will not run!! :(
best so far out of dozen I tried. problem is some processes stay in ram once loaded like maps. Lousy updates n background. Stopped working.
This app no longer works on my transform after phone updated, but it was great when it worked.
This app no longer works on my transform after phone updated, but it was great when it worked.
Post download reorganized my home screen, eliminated icon nametags and screen bottom task bar including phone button on my EVO. Submitted refund.
Post download reorganized my home screen, eliminated icon nametags and screen bottom task bar including phone button on my EVO. Submitted refund.
Worked well for 5 months; Now it is stuck --no udates Don't waste your money!
Worked well for 5 months; Now it is stuck --no udates Don't waste your money!
Worked well for 5 months; Now it is stuck --no udates Don't waste your money!
Paid for despite negative feedback. Too late for refund. NOT WORKING ON TRANSFORM, FIX YOUR APP ALREADY!!!
Don't bother paying for this...it doesn't update on my droid2 and stays loading on my notification bar...worked great in the beginning but sucks now.
Don't bother paying for this...it doesn't update on my droid2 and stays loading on my notification bar...worked great in the beginning but sucks now.
Use to work real good. Now it never seems to update and force closes a lot. Shame I spent $ on it.
Use to work real good. Now it never seems to update and force closes a lot. Shame I spent $ on it.
Works ok. Temp on notification bar rarely updates until app is opened. Still a little buggy, but better than most
Stopped updating today ,servers must be down uninstalled, there are many other free weather apps that work better than this....
Stopped updating automatically. Won't load after reboot unless I reload widget. Needs to be fixed.
DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. APP. It will no longer update itself automatically and hasn't worked for months. Force closes all the time. Waste of money.
Good app love the web cam feature
Good app love the web cam feature
Weather stopped updating on my droid's widget. Worthless now, compared to free version.
Killing my battery HTC desire HD. Uninstalled now 50% more battery power left at the end of the day! Big difference.
Has been broken for months, weather will not update. They will not fix it. Don't waste your money.
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Not sure what all the complaints are about, this app works perfect on my Droid X and has since i installed in January 2011
Not sure what all the complaints are about, this app works perfect on my Droid X and has since i installed in January 2011
Fix the updating. This has gone on to long. Either fix it or refund my money
Works great. The follow me location keeps me up to date as i travel. Upgrading to elite was well worth the few dollars
Evo -Widget doesn't even appear when added to homepage, never updated, this app used to be great.
Very disappointed. Still no backyard weather stations as promised. Doesn't update correctly. Refunded. My-Cast lite is much better.
Very disappointed. Still no backyard weather stations as promised. Doesn't update correctly. Refunded. My-Cast lite is much better.
if only we cld give 0 stars! notification bar STILL NOT updtg! un/reinstall didnt work 4 me. i cant take it anymore. uninstalling. droid x froyo 2.3
Interfers with data connection, locks up G2, won't update, no response developer, I want my money back!
Interfers with data connection, locks up G2, won't update, no response developer, I want my money back!
Doesn't update all the time. My location doesn't update 60% of the time. Temp. often wrong
The "Elite " features are USA and it does not allow customization of layout and information. The widget doesn't display hourly forecasts.
Fungerade utmärkt på xperia x10. Hittade Varberg så jag slapp skriva in det. Sen bar det metrisk system med Celsius... Har tidigare använt "The Weather Channel" men denna app ger mera info och satelitbild... och jag slipper reklam... Skickar upp bild till Facebook utan problem. Rekomenderas.
Software needs a fix for Moto Xoom Live Desktop. The radar does not display on the screen. Works great on my Droid.
Tried freebee, liked it, bought it. Not perfect. Still looking for a weather app with more frequent precipitation forecast.
Paid money for an app that won't update. Don't waste your money. Useless
Doesnt update temp still loading that.... wont find my location, :/ want my money back
Forecast info is great, but causes stability issues with Android OS on the Droid II. I uninstalled my copy because of frequenr freezes and restarts.
Excellent app. Does just what it says, and it's accurate! Keep up the good work. Thanks a bunch! (Galaxy Tab.).
Excellent app. Does just what it says, and it's accurate! Keep up the good work. Thanks a bunch! (Galaxy Tab.).
Excellent app. Does just what it says, and it's accurate! Keep up the good work. Thanks a bunch! (Galaxy Tab.).
"Downloaded" on Sunday and 5 days later it still can't find the location...what's so hard about a major city? Not worth a dime....
Don't buy, it's no better than the free one, at least not enough to pay 1.99 for it
Great app but with recent update it force closes alot and the widget wont load app....hero
Seattle area it often reads 6 Degrees F or more below actual. Verified the real temperature with two sources numerous times. Worthless. Uninstall.
Constant force close widget doesn't update, pure garbage, refund would be nice but very unlikely. TOTAL FAIL
Constant force close widget doesn't update, pure garbage, refund would be nice but very unlikely. TOTAL FAIL
All of a sudden not loading any widgets! What gives? How about an update with some bugs addressed!
All of a sudden not loading any widgets! What gives? How about an update with some bugs addressed!
All of a sudden not loading any widgets! What gives? How about an update with some bugs addressed!
Good when it works , but doesn't update reliable and locks up my Droid if i don't get my passcode in before it starts when I turn the phone on
Good when it works , but doesn't update reliable and locks up my Droid if i don't get my passcode in before it starts when I turn the phone on
Boy has this gone downhill. Used to update and follow me no problem know it won't. Also suport will not care or help. Waste of money
Does not follow my location, and usually fails to update temperature. Waste of money...will look for a new weather program.
Good features. Hope it's not a battery hog on droid x. Can not get any widgets to show
It's an ok app but when it fails to load all the time and drains my battery. Doesn't adapt to system changes. Will likely install.
More weather stations would be the only major improvement I'd like. Next to BeWeather for BlackBerry, this is the best I've used. Galaxy TAB
More weather stations would be the only major improvement I'd like. Next to BeWeather for BlackBerry, this is the best I've used. Galaxy TAB
Was great before update. Now it tells me I haven't purchased the app, even though I've had it for months. :(
used to be the best, but has had update probs for months and developer has not fixed. don't buy until developer addresses problems
This app WAS! one of the best, if not the best. Now? Well.... let's just say, there is a lot of room for improvement!!!!!!!
...now it won't load weather in LA where I live; always defaults to non-La location despite setting LA as default; widget is hopeless. No updates to fix issues. WB is going down people.
...now it won't load weather in LA where I live; always defaults to non-La location despite setting LA as default; widget is hopeless. No updates to fix issues. WB is going down people.
Agree with a lot of others, was working awesome until the last patch. Still loads the temp (usually) but won't load details or notification bar info.
Ahhh wtf y is it all of a sudden not working?! Love it, PAID FOR IT, would like it to work, thx
Used to give accurate forecasts and descriptions and now for whatever reason they are completely wrong!
Used to give accurate forecasts and descriptions and now for whatever reason they are completely wrong!
Used to give accurate forecasts and descriptions and now for whatever reason they are completely wrong!
Would be a nice app if the location and temp, etc, updated like it's supposed to. Only updates manually.
Would be a nice app if the location and temp, etc, updated like it's supposed to. Only updates manually.
Would be a nice app if the location and temp, etc, updated like it's supposed to. Only updates manually.
I have been using this app on my samsung behold II and now on my tmobile G2 by HTC with no problem untill they updated it this week.
Very pleased with this app. I really like the weather alert icon that pops up. Droid X.
When it works, its way to slow for me. Don't pay for this app! Use the free one.
Why are you forcing me to watch a national weather report video. All I want is the weather for My Locations. Uninstall!!!
Fails to load new locations and updates might be okay for someone who's in the same town all stick. With the free version this things a POS
Would be great if this app actually worked. I bought it for my samsung intercept 4 months ago and it hasn't ever work.
Be nice if the Developer would fix the auto update issue. Tired of having to manually open app for latest info. Just Saying. Droid X 2.2.1
Be nice if the Developer would fix the auto update issue. Tired of having to manually open app for latest info. Just Saying. Droid X 2.2.1
Auto update of the notification and Widgets is broken. This App is useless until they fix it.
This app has been broken for over a month now with the manual update bug. FIX IT! changed my review to 1 star until this is fixed.
Excellent app, works well and gives accurate weather conditions on a regular basis.
This app used to be great. Now it doesn't update even when I click refresh. It says 58 degrees but it is 72.
This app used to be great. Now it doesn't update even when I click refresh. It says 58 degrees but it is 72.
Broken stopped getting data, did a reinstall and will not run now. Moto Droid froyo.
Broken stopped getting data, did a reinstall and will not run now. Moto Droid froyo.
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
This app has been horrible for last 4 months. Emailing them doesn't help. Don't install.
Terrible app. Never loads and always locks up. Save your money and use the free app
Terrible app. Never loads and always locks up. Save your money and use the free app
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Will not load. Shows no temp, or forcast's anymore. Mytouch slide. Would like it fixed or money back.
The App itself is absolutely awesome. The WeatherBug elite forecast widget however is lacking. Only shows the next two days while every other weather widget out there shows three. Only skinning available is changing the background color.
I have had this app for six months and was very pleased. However, Weather Bug did an update recently and it doesn't update. It's no longer reliable.
Nice looking app with cool features, but temp is often off by 5-10°, so useless to me.
Loved this app for almost a year, but latest release messed up updating, my widget currently shows yesterday's weather still, plz fix!!
This app sucks. Half the time my radar don't even work. I've got to zoom all the way out almost to the point I can't even see my location
This app sucks. Half the time my radar don't even work. I've got to zoom all the way out almost to the point I can't even see my location
THIS APP CLAIMS IT HAS LIVE WALLPAPER CAPABILITY...BUT IT DOES NOT WORK AND THEY STILL REFUSE TO FIX THE PROBLEM....DON'T BUY!
THIS APP CLAIMS IT HAS LIVE WALLPAPER CAPABILITY...BUT IT DOES NOT WORK AND THEY STILL REFUSE TO FIX THE PROBLEM....DON'T BUY!
Updates from within the app, but will not allow me to add widget on my homescreen.. I hope they fix this because this is a decent weather app
In Sept u posted a fix will be coming for lock screen. It's feb still no fix. And updating even using current lock screen seems borked.
Consistently bad forecasting, maybe not apps fault. More of where they get their info from. Terrible.
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Stopped working a long time ago. I travel alot n have to manually update. Not worth paying for!!!
I thought that your desktop reflected the weather outside ? ...if it rained outside your desktop would show raindrops on the screen ? This isnt workin
Auto updates not working on paid version and everytime I try to open the app it fails to load and I have to forceclose the app.
I like weatherbug but I'm rating 1 star and installing because it messes with my GPS signal. I will rate 5 stars and reinstarwhen its fixed.
No layers for 5 days now. Hopefully TWC will release TWC Max on Android so I can dump this.. also noted what was said below - rainfall is always 0"...
Instant weather on cell at any time and accurate, this a great app to have.
Another case of paying good money for a working app only to see it updated into a useless piece of crap. I WANT A REFUND!
Weather alerts do not match my displayed location. I live in PA..getting alerts from NY!! Worthless.
The radar is very glitchy, only works 50 percent of the time, other than that great app.
I've got free apps that update more regularly than this trash, multiple times a day I have to manually refresh to see anything at all. Not worth it!
Had for a long time and all of a sudden it has MY LOCATION as two towns over everytime I'm home..love this app but this is very annoying..please fix
Works great awesome customization on widgets and notification worth the 2 washingtons
Locations not updating. App frequently freezes or won't load. All this in last two months of updates.
No difference between free version and this. Weather bug just wants donations. Dont buy
This does not work on samsung intercept! Free weatherbug doesn't work either. Please reimburse me my 1.99. Very disappointed.
Weatherbug rocks. The poor reviews I've read must originate from people with phone issues, because I've had NONE of the problems listed. Thanx !!!!!!!
Widget constantly crashes since update. Love the app or at least use to, will still rate high in hope of fix.
Wxbug elite has been slow & inaccurate for last few weeks. Not happy & must not remmend at this time on 01.26.11.
Keeps force closing. Nothing that is paid for should work improperly. Also does not show proper location. Not worth a dime
Many greyed out features that used to work with original Droid, now not working with Droid Global. No reply from developer after two weeks...
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
homescreen temps are up to ten degrees different from what is showing inside the app. going back to TWC free app.
Don't waste your money! Widget will not update, you have to manually update it yourself. HTC EVO
When I originally installed it worked great!! After the first update it all went to hell!! Have to manually update all the time! Reinstalling 3rd tm
I have relied on weather bug for as long as i can remember, it will not load on the samsung acclaim pleas fix!
It "Failed To Load" every night. DroidX and Droid2. It will not refresh on the Droid2 and has to be uninstalled and reinstalled. Uninstalling 4 good.
Was 5 star till update, now won't load right sluggish batt drainer while running in background loading data slower then before update, please fix- 2.1
Was 5 star till update, now won't load right sluggish batt drainer while running in background loading data slower then before update, please fix- 2.1
Was 5 star till update, now won't load right sluggish batt drainer while running in background loading data slower then before update, please fix- 2.1
I like it i want to know how is the weather my home or out city auto where i am cool work samsung epic 4G
I like it i want to know how is the weather my home or out city auto where i am cool work samsung epic 4G
I like it i want to know how is the weather my home or out city auto where i am cool work samsung epic 4G
Still losing location and updates (no task manager installed) and now overheating phone by constantly relaunching "Typhoon Prediction Widget" (?!)
Location is wrong say im in texas city tx when im in friendswood tx fix it please
New update fixed every problem I had with this app. Simply amazing! Keep it up :).
Even after purchasing it, there is no move to SD capability. At 3.75MB, it takes up too much memory space.
Weather data & location wont update automatically, have to manually open widget. Defeats purpose of widget!
This app was great until last update now it is slow even with wifi so slow I usually give up. Captivate
This app was great until last update now it is slow even with wifi so slow I usually give up. Captivate
Update snow again but it shows sunny. Very inaccurate in Canada it was a snowfall warning and it is snowing now but it is only showing rain.
Update snow again but it shows sunny. Very inaccurate in Canada it was a snowfall warning and it is snowing now but it is only showing rain.
Update snow again but it shows sunny. Very inaccurate in Canada it was a snowfall warning and it is snowing now but it is only showing rain.
Elite has slipped in quality. It no longer follows me. I have to manual update my location. Uninstalled. EVO. Just another reason not to buy an app.
I bought this app and loved it. But after a few updates It no longer functions in follow me mode or updates like it should -5 *s
My radar doesn't upload anymore. I wish I didn't update it as it worked so beautifully before. Please fix this asap!
My radar doesn't upload anymore. I wish I didn't update it as it worked so beautifully before. Please fix this asap!
App has not worked correctly in weeks. Fix the loading issue! For a paid app, they don't seem to care much.
Every since i updated my phone it will not show radar and forcecloses most of the time samsung moment b 4 that it worked great
Used to be awesome, now it doesn't update and follow me is intermittent. Droid x
Used to be The weather app, now it fc's spontaneously and barely operates half the time.
Was a good app, but now unusable due to force close every time I try to open it.
Was a good app, but now unusable due to force close every time I try to open it.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
I give this a low rating even though feature-wise it is pretty nice because there seems to be no way to turn it off, even by power-cycling.
Need to fix for HTC Incredible. Used to work great but, since past couple of updates it sucks. Freezes up constantly and won't update weather.
Was always having trouble loading. I bought it so I could see the temp in the status bar but days would go by and it would still be trying to load.
Was always having trouble loading. I bought it so I could see the temp in the status bar but days would go by and it would still be trying to load.
Please fix, the free one worked way better then this one does. The elite doesn't even load on the homescreen or show the temperature in the top bar.
Radar has a square that won't load. I'm on Donut so maybe that's why. Battery loss is substantial.
I have payed for this program and it does not work at i have ask for help and no anwser do not pay for this
I used to love this but the quality has declined in recent releases. It wont find my location any more and has issues related to updating its data.
I used to love this but the quality has declined in recent releases. It wont find my location any more and has issues related to updating its data.
I used to love this but the quality has declined in recent releases. It wont find my location any more and has issues related to updating its data.
There is no difference from the free app. It will not show my area. Keep using the free one it works better!!!
I'm getting alerts but they are for the wrong county. Please fix this. Not any good to me this way.
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Best money spent! Radar map widget is awesome. Droid1 loved the free one but the paid is much better.
New update doesn't update weather temp on Droid X. Need to reload app to get it to refresh n start working again.
I honestly thought this app was awesome... now not so much. Never updates, always fails when doing so.
Does not do anything different than the free app. Do not buy it. It does not update location.
Perfect weather app. Has everything down to hourly forecast. Only needs better widget.
For months I was searching for what was preventing my data push for my emails on my droid x. I found weather bug wedget was the reason. Wish it wasnt.
I installed this twice, a week apart. Both times it doesnt find my location and wont add widget on screen.
Paid for elite...got an app where widget won't update and follow me doesnt work. Past refund period...but CC chargeback is looking like an option. FIX
Stopped updating temps all of a sudden. Used to be a perfect app, now not so good.
Had problems adapting to another country. ***Completely failed now and I uninstalled it. Needs work. Waste of money as it is.
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
Great options, good selection of barometric pressure, wind speed/direction, good radar. App has occasional updating issues, would buy again :)
No longer works on samsung intercept since android 2.2.1 update. It was about a 4.5 quality app before it stopped working. :(
This thing sure does eat a lot of battery for just sitting in the background. Make it so we can turn that crap off please.
Not updating weather and location since latest app update. Old version worked great. Please roll back or fix
We all are experiencing problems with auto updates. I can't believe no one is responding.
With my Incredible I have a standalone gps chip and this app still refuses to find anywhere close to my location or update the weather when it should.
notification doesnt work. says "loading data, plz wait" & never loads. & hr by hr isnt updated. 52 @ 9 pm & says it will be 57 @ 10. droid x froyo 2.3
It's a nice app, but the forecasts are so inaccurate they might as well be random. It's only useful for current weather information.
Drains battery & extremely inaccurate weather updates, ie clear when its been snowing all day! Rubbish!
It is an awesome all around weather app but it drained my battery in half a day even with auto update off.
It is an awesome all around weather app but it drained my battery in half a day even with auto update off.
Still not updating in the background for the widget. Worked great for a few days, then quit. EVO
Includes any weather info you could want. Love the moving radar function. Excellent on MyTouch 3G. Worth it if weather is important to you.
Good idea on live wallpaper, but why 3 hours for update? So we can see weather after the fact? And that saves your server load but that make it useles
Worked great then said it wasn't licensed and I had to purchase it when it was already purchased? Don't get it but Wtfe!
IT WORKS GREAT AFTER UPDATE for those of us still on cupcake 1.5. Motorola i1
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
My guess is that the servers are down. I have had this app for months and it works just fine. People are too quick to condemn.
My guess is that the servers are down. I have had this app for months and it works just fine. People are too quick to condemn.
Best weather app hands down.I've had it from my touch 3g through vibrant always accurate.
No representation of monthly precipitation even tho more than 6 inches of snow already this month and no windchill. Why did I bother paying for this?
Completely wrong weather data for many Scandinavian locations. Wrong temp and wrong wind speed. Developer doesnt seem to care to fix it.
Widget does not update at the interval u specify. U have to open WB before it will update. Please fix. Follow me doesnt work either.
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
Does not update as scheduled. "Follow me" does not work. Status bar temp does not update.
Auto update is not working since last update...have to manually update. Please fix!
Auto update broken, location broken, and its a paid app. Really annoying. Using weather channel till fixed.
UPDATE: Not working again back to 1 star. Uninstall...don't get cheated with this app. Waste of money.
UPDATE: Not working again back to 1 star. Uninstall...don't get cheated with this app. Waste of money.
Not updating at all so now a useless app right now on desire HD. Please fix
The previous version that was free worked great now that I updated my hero and weatherbug this app is horrible! It makes my hero restart when opened
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Have had this app since July. Recently its gotten buggy. Won't update weather on notification bar & other things. Paid app, FIX THE SUCKER!!!
After update follow me tracking and current conditions page doesn't work. Please fix NOW
Since updates will randomly stop my nexus from entering sleep mode and starts burning battery. Reverted to pre-update versions and all works fine.
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Why did this need to be updated? Moto droid now no longer displays temp notification, the main reason I downloaded this app. Please fix.
Long time user with no problems on Droid X until last update. Does not update now. Pls. fix.
Long time user with no problems on Droid X until last update. Does not update now. Pls. fix.
Finally got 2.1 for my Backflip... so back to 5 stars for my favorite app.
Weather maps (radar) do not always load or partly load. Driod x sometimes gets force close
Im sick of this BS and have gone to The Weather Channel! I have tryed emailing weatherbug twice and still NO reply from them. Its been over a week now
This app takes is bloated and buggy Also I cannot stop the stupid cloud animation when I screen-unlock.don't buy it,fair warning.
Not working at all. Don't bother with this program. It's been a week and still no fix.
Not working at all. Don't bother with this program. It's been a week and still no fix.
I feel Weather Bug Elite is better than The Weather Channels second and Topper Shuts channel 9 in third. Just my opinion.
I feel Weather Bug Elite is better than The Weather Channels second and Topper Shuts channel 9 in third. Just my opinion.
3 days since update caused it to crash and still no fix? Getting pretty pathetic for a paid app..
3 days since update caused it to crash and still no fix? Getting pretty pathetic for a paid app..
3 days since update caused it to crash and still no fix? Getting pretty pathetic for a paid app..
WARNING: DO NOT UPDATE!!! SINCE NEWEST UPDATE THIS AP IS NOW A P.O.S.!! CANNOT EVEN OPEN WITHOUT A FC!!
Ive had this for almost 2 yrs w/ no issue until the last update!! Now it says I haven't purchased it from the market and it's unusable!??! Pls FIX!!!
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Great app, I use it all the time. The map is too hard to read since the update. Please put text back to original size.
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
Uninstalled and then reinstalled that fixed the buy now or exit issue..everything back to A plus with this app. Was a bit worried after the update
I love this app! Totally worth the $...I live in AZ but have fam& friends in areas that get bad weather&I like being able to see wx 4 where they are.
I love this app! Totally worth the $...I live in AZ but have fam& friends in areas that get bad weather&I like being able to see wx 4 where they are.
Most recent update ruined this app. Now says I need to buy it and won't let me
New update says I haven't paid for the app. I paid for it quite a while ago.
I had this for a long time it was very good but now after update it says I have to buy again. Sorry but no I won't go there.
New update is terrible, took my temp widget away and forecast are a day behind. Droid
When the radar does render, it's inaccurate compared to NWS radar - offset by at least 30 miles. Hoping froyo may correct. Froyo didn't correct.
It was working fine til the update now it want open i want this fixed
It was working fine til the update now it want open i want this fixed
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
Good app, but the free version ran significantly faster (droid). Would receive four stars if the weather cameras could figure out what city i am in.
All of a sudden it will not find my location. Has me in crystal lakes Illinois when I live in Michigan
Wasnt impressed... There are better free apps. Weatherbug gives off a very negative weather forecast vibe... infortunate
ancient interface, status bar info doesnt load auto, must fire up app to get info to show in status bar.
I'm not sure where these forecasts come from but every day the forecast is 10 degrees low. No online site matches this app's predictions.
Good app for weather but the live wallpaper needs work. Fails to pan when cycling home screens. Also won't update live wallpaper. For my tablet the app's live wallpaper is useless.
No recent updates, the interface is outdated and doesn't comply with Android design standards, and the app doesn't layout correctly on the newer high DPI displays.
This app got give stars from me when I started using it over a year ago.  It has devolved into a bloated, slow, has been weather app.  Maps take forever to load, if at all.  The entire app is super slow.  This is across multiple devices and carriers...
Stopped updating on Verizon's network but will update on wifi
Live wall paper in paid version crashs allot
Devs, pay attention!! Back button exits app instead of previous display, very annoying! Standard android functions! NO CUSTOM WEATHER ALERTS????????? If my top is down and there's a rain alert above 50%, I should know!!!!! Live wallpaper is off centered.
The app itself is fairly good. The radar takes a little while to actually load all of the weather but when it does it works well. The weather predictions especially when it comes to storms is usually way off. 50 percent chance of rain... No rain. 10 percent chance of rain and it storms. That doesn't happen just once in a while, its all the time. Better meteorologists and fix the radar load rate and more stars. Update, literally raining outside right now and radar says its clear. This app sucks.
Widget doesn't look right on HTC Rezound ICS. Developers never respond to emails about problems. Just lowered my rating until they fix the widget.
What happen with the latest update?? I used to be able to add other locations and now I can NOT.  WHY? Help??
I paid for this app and it still has 3 ad agencies attached to it, are you serious
I've been using this app for a long time. Sometimes, it just won't refresh and update.  VERY frustrating! Please fix!
Can you please give us some background choices. Your app is the most accurate one for my area. So I bought it. But its so plain please add backrounds
Maps can load very slow when on radar
Add NOAA weather alert and seems to be not as sophisticated as iPhones version
I'll say no more except that I wish I'd saved my #$.
Free version worked fine most of the time.  Payed version vary rarely works.  All data can be off buy a long shot.  Temp off up to 14 deg.  Radar only loads in the mornings. Good luck with giving it time or refresh. I have sent error reports, emails explaining problems many times with out any response.
A waste of money to buy, the free ap works better.
Shows thunder storms when its sunny and hot
Im connected to a 25/mbps connection and it still takes forever to animate the radar and populate the map... fix this please!
I've had this ap for a year or more and the last update I'd giving me trouble Radar widget will not work... It doesn't acknowledge that you select a location... And therefore will not show anything but an empty white box...also on the radar widget the time zone is always in EST, it would be nice if it would change to you're location
Updated to Elite now lost my current weather info that was on my main screen showing current stats. How do I get back on screen. Only see how to place app button but then have to open that. Only thing I have is tiny temp reading at very top bar.
I ride a motorcycle and all week I didnt drive it to work because of a 52% chance of rain.  No rain on any of the days.  Finally I say screw it I'm driving the bike to work when it said 19% chance of rain.... it pours..
The widgets need a time-stamp indicating the last update. Otherwise, for many reasons, you may be reading outdated weather. I frequently realize the information is outdated because it is "Tuesday" yet the widget is still showing the previous "Sunday". This feature would be a MAJOR improvement. Having to doubt the information or take extra steps to manually refresh is not ideal. Also, Weatherbug's feedback form on their site malfunctions, so I couldn't submit this to them directly :|
The temp is lower about 5 deg than actual temp after update.
Ever since your last update all it does is glitch, freeze, and force close on my samsung infuse 4g. FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!!!!
The free version seems to work better. Radar images very rarely load and it is slow to open. Never had any issues with the free version. Don't pay!
The live wallpaper isn't updating for me.   If i restart my phone and stay on mobile data, it seems to work.   But when i switch to wifi, it breaks.
Could be a nice app, but isn't.   Can't figure out where the phone is, runs the GPS even when there's no chance of a fix, eats batteries like crazy, and guess wrong about my current location (wrong as in "wrong state", not "wrong side of the city").  I'd really like to use this if it was better behaved.   edit: It's been quite a while. The battery life is better, but if it's indoors (no GPS) will still eat batteries, and still can't figure out where the phone is (still gets the state wrong). There is still no alert sound, although sound works fine on all other apps.  edit: 7/14/2012  It's much better behaved and no longer eats my battery and seem to be happy getting it's location from the cell network. It no longer thinks I'm somewhere in the Midwest when I'm in the northeast.
Ever since the update the widget keeps saying it's 32°F. Close, only 50° off. Great job!
Finally moved on to eWeather HD.  Way more advanced than this outdated WeatherBug.
Sometimes this app takes forever to refresh. It appears to have inadequate server capacity.  Alerts aren't much good if you can't connect.
Great app until I upgraded to Droid Bionic 4G. Now problems with all features! I'm not only one encountering this issue.
Radar widget freezes and then main app crashes all the time.   Supper ugly, needs a whole new look with skis.   Even the Icrap has a better looking version.
I had this app on my Blackberry and loved it so i got it ob mt droid without hesitation...but it is totally inaccurate. It reads my location and tells me its 94 in Phoenix but its really 111. Would be the best app if it were acurate and reliable.
This was good, then after the update it is telling me I am in other areas of the country.
Overall app is good. Radar widget on HTC Rezound needs a lot of work done. It looks bad.
Please update your app to conform with Android 4.0 user interface standards.  Your app its wasting screen space at the bottom for the soft menu button
Sound alert notifications not working. I depend on this app for the sound alert notifications when my family is sleeping.
you need to work on the stability of this app!!!!
This app has looked this way for the last 4 years. I just came over from ios and their version of this app is visually outstanding.  Come on update this app asap.
Very outdated..
I am using the paid version. I like the app except it keeps force closing when viewing animated radar. Get that fixed for a higher rating since this function is important to me. BTW..I have done an uninstall/reinstall. Still force closes.
When you buy the full version it should give all the features it promises.  I need the humidity to at least work but it never does.  Emailed them got no response.
Using on both my phone and tablet, temperature, humidity, "feels like" temp, wind speed and direction all completely different between the two devices when refreshed simultaneously for the same location and from the same reporting station. Not small differences either, actual temps reported are 6 to 8 degrees off and "feels like" temperatures are showing 12 degrees difference.
I find that the free version ran faster and smoother. I purchased the "elite" version just to stop the adds and now it runs slower? WHat gives? Free version gets 4 stars. Paid version gets maybe 2 stars.
This app has not displayed the correct temp for my location in over a month. It has been off by as much as 5 degrees day after day, compared to local weather on TV as well as TWC app. Yes I have it set to auto update. Even at work, which is a different data location, it is inaccurate.
Bug guys:  Love ur app.  Best on the market.  Recently there have been many glitches.   "Unable to find location - No Signal " the big one.  Regardless of settings in app and on phone.  This Just started the last few weeks.  Is it me, or you?  had to drop 2 stars  -Dinc2.
The user interface looks like something out of a faxing application designed for Windows 98. Or something out of a horror movie. I can't look at the weather without getting upset and have to force myself not to cry in public every time I look at how ugly it is. I ask my friends how the weather is most of the time instead of looking at this app because my friends are beautiful and this app is hideous.
Works good sometimes??!!!! Forcing close most of the time lately when trying to zoom on map. Please fix!!! Thanks
Used to work great on both my old Droid X and my current RAZR. Recently,  it's been refusing to load. Gave me that "failed to update, tap to reload message." Tapped it to reload, nothing happens.                     Fix that and 5 stars.
Yep this app WAS great...now slow and doesnt update with live wallpapers on ATRIX.  :(
When I paid for this app three years ago Android was new and issues like slow loading radar and unreliable severe weather notifications were forgivable. However, this app has never improved. Even with 4G coverage/wifi and a top of the line phone  radar loads extremely slow, if at all. Animation intervals on radar are too long to get a sense of what direction a rapid storm is moving in. Location can be flaky. It just never seems to work when I need it the most. I'm going elsewhere.
This app started out great but needs a major upgrade fast. I want it to be great again.
Worked great for one day...hasnt worked since...shouldnt wasted my money....going to uninstall and get a free app with adds
This app was GREAT, until everyday started being, "32° F". Umm, I think it might be summer, weather bug! The Updates suck!
Was a good app now its sooo slow and fails to show what's going on last time i buy a weather bug app :(
Freezes all the time ..
It never uploads or fails to upload. This app is a load of crap i wish i never bought it.
For the past week, no wind speed or direction and no heat index.
Since last update cannot reorder locations in the app...however, it is still the best comprehensive weather app and a good value.
Used to work great, with great options.. but now every time i try to open, i get a message saying i must purchase or uninstall the app. I have purchased it. I reinstall and still have same problem
Used for awhile along with weather channel app and a local weather station. This apps info was wrong many times. Temperature was usually 10 degrees different from other stations and local area. I am a Cubscout leader and we camp 10-12 times a year, I have to have a reliable forecast and just have not found it with weather bug
Epic 4G running CM9 (ICS) stops updating live wallpaper and requires reboot to fix.
I have had this app for 2 years. Do you think they could get the hourly % forecast to be different every hour like it is on other apps? This app has only ever changed the % of precip at 8am and 8pm. Take a look for yourself! Need to get you chit together and fix it. I pay for proper info and expect it to be correct.
It no longer shows my correct location, I can't select which alerts to notify me on...uninstalling.
I paid for the app a long while ago, I also have other apps and this is the only one I have paid for yet I do not get alerts nor does it show any. This is rather disappointing, and I really wish you guys would do a little better at updating!
Great app but why does the radar animation end on the first frame? Very annoying!
Used to be great.  I bought the app and then it stopped working and keeps prompting me to buy.  Use the free app.
Last update was a bad one. And updates aren't frequent. App is slow, but my main problem is notifications are silent. Severe weather alerts show in the status bar, but my configured alert sound doesn't play.
I would give it 5 stars if I could move it to my sd card.
Weather radar overlay doesn't show fully at times. Though ths would be fixed by now for a 'paid' app.
Please fix radar as it keeps breaking up and can't be seen in some spots.
Don't pay, only use free. weather frequently seems inaccurate and cant see future radar, always 15 mins behind.
The icons are confusing.  The forecast cam be the same for the entire day, but the little icons are different.  If it says a 40% chance of rain, part of the day will have the mostly sunny icon, part will have the chance of rain icon.  But it says 40% chance of rain all day.  Make up your minds here
The last few days the temperature hasn't been updating properly. Don't know what's going on but whatever station it's pulling data from isn't right. Other weather progs are reporting accurate temps but not this one. Please fix.
Often weather not accurate and maps never up to date. Shows sunny when in fact it rains outside
Often weather not accurate and maps never up to date. Shows sunny when in fact it rains outside
I downloaded this hoping for some great bonuses for the paid version. Alas, there are none. And unfortunately it takes more than fifteen minutes (Google Play's refund window) to get the app installed and set up to figure this out. The lamest part is the "live wallpaper" which is nothing more than your choice of map views. Not worth the $2 I spent on it. Still gets 2 stars for being good but loses three simply for not being worth it to "upgrade."
Repeated force closing on Lepan tablet with Android 3.0 with weather bug elite, this has been happening for months.
Nothing but refresh problems lately doesn't matter if I'm on 3g or WiFi so I know its not my connection..... Also animation ends on first frame WTF are u devs smoking ?
Best weather app until about a month ago.  Now it is just plain slow and freezes too often.  Will try something different now.  Uninstalled and my phone immediately became 3 x faster and less buggy.  Convinced that the latest update was the cause of my issues.
This app is a good app. It is accurate, has a lot of features and I love the widgets. The big issues I have with this app for that it fails to load a lot of the time and it is slow. I have had this issue on multiple phones. There needs to be a fix for these bugs.
Give future radar
fix the radar! !!!!
Used to be great but now follow me doesn't work.
It was a very useful app until four days ago, when it stopped refreshing.
Keeps saying failed to update data
Not dependable
I used to really like the animated radar, but the looping now ends on the first frame instead of the last. Annoying enough for me to look for another weather app.
Force closes on radar...sony ericsson xperia..hopefully be fixed soon..radar important part for me..
RADAR doesn't work in the UK.  No hourly forecast,  webcams or weather warnings.
constantly causing force close or fails to load at all... was good until recently!
This apply used to be the best. Now, it has devolved into a slow unresponsive and frustrating app.  Please fix this app soon.
Been having problems loading, I have to uninstall then install again. Doesn't follow me when I travel.
Way to slow.  Just like the person said before me.  It used to be awesome i dont know what they did.  Runs slow and if you use the live wallpaper it sometimes doesn't update for 24 hours.   Motorola ATRIX. AT&T
Use to be my number one weather app.  Now shows current temp at 42 when it is 70.  Paid to upgrade.  Big mistake.
Worked fine before last update now force close every time on radar.Samsung tablet 10.1
Before the update no issues.......now it says I'm IN Russia even when i put in the location it doesn't change seriously I can't disable background updates and now my radar widget just disappears app is slower then before I mean if its not broke don't fix it
5x1 widget support please. No purple stars!!
Used to be fast now the radar is so slow to load. Really disappointing.
If you can add a time and temperature widget. I'll be really happy.
why do updates always seem to mess up a good thing... weather update with GPS on does not show my correct location now. reinstalling previous version.
It seems that when there is no precipitation (or very little), the radar loads quickly without any problems. But whenever there is more than just light precip, it takes forever to load, sometimes doesn't fully load after five minutes even on wifi! And when it does, there are frames missing and/or it reduces the frame rate, REALLY? My phone had a 1 gig dual core processor with a gig of ram, and weather bug has to reduce the frame rate to optimize performance? Everything else is fine.
Keeps force closing since the update
Maps widget crashes when you tap it, other stuff if works ok
Please bring back the ability to only check for weather updates manually. I don't want an app I use maybe twice per month to suck my battery every six hours.
live radar wallpaper is the only thing going for this app. widgets are so freaking ugly!
Before the update,  notification weather was great.  Now,  the text color blends in with the background color.  I have to strain my eyes to read it.
Animations often fail to load completely, even after refresh.  I know the internet connection is good.. not sure what is going on.
Desperately needs to be updated. Just uninstalled on my HTC Sensation. Temperature notification never updates, even when opening the app. Waste of $
This app is slow to load its maps or refresh. When it does get done loading the map part of it maybe missing. Have to open and close the app to get more weather details to load. Using the refresh button doesn't help either. Using bother network and wifi. HTC Thunderbolt.
Have the app/widget set to update every two hours, but it will not update until I open the app...
Come on weatherbug programmers, figure it out. There's this thing called an "if"  statement. If you connect to the server and you don't get an image, you try again. Don't just abort. We had a tornado a mile from our house and the stupid radar would only load a portion of the screen, and not our area.
Used to be a good app. Hasn't been updated in ages, and the radar is buggy. I wish I could get a refund.
weather map spots are missing even when viewing time laps.
The radar coverages if s##t You have a data delivery problem daahh
An empty hole is like an empty hole
The maps never sync correctly.  It looks like a puzzle gone wrong.
Was a 5 star app now the radar is broke. Please fix.
I want controls over alerts, I am sure I don't fire alerts every five minutes. Especially for areas I follow that are hundreds of miles from me.   And the radar loads the first time at startup; but when I refresh it blocks out parts of the storm. Or goes blank.
Radar doesn't load properly during severe weather. HTC Desire and Samsung Aviator same problem.
This app provides really good information, but the radar screen is really bad. It will load only part of the current radar, which is not of any value to me. This is been a bug since I bought it almost two years ago. Two things, if I am going to rely on this app for mobile weather and if I am going to pay for it, I expect better.
Big gaping holes in Radar Animaton. Everything else was ok.
Randomly won't load weather data for sections of the map.  Refresh menu option is no help, it misses the same sections.  Infuriating if you are trying to follow a storm.  5 star if they could fix the map bugs.
It was good before the update.  Now it is always loading or it has failed to load.
Everything is great except for the live wallpaper.  Shows the wrong location rendering it useless.
I already paid.
I have a couple if places setup, there needs to be some more setup for the alerts.  All day long I'm getting 3-4 notifications per  hour
The devs are not updating paid app, while free app with apps gets the updates. Do not pay for this!
I never bought this and I try to buy it but it won't let me because it says I bought it before. Why?
I bought it for the Widgets. I rely on up to date weather info for my job.  I've had this for months, and the location, weather stats, and radar image refresh so rarely, I find myself ignoring the information and using my web shortcut to my preferred website. I'm finally uninstalling. It  might be right for some people, just not me.
Give us some control over alerts besides off or on. Crying out loud. Getting so annoying I'm gonna uninstall!!! I get fire weather after fire weather!!! I PROMISE!! I WILL NOT LIGHT A MATCH!!! Wow. I realize I'm only 51yrs old but I don't need to be told every 5 minutes!!!!
Designed for the Americas. There are better free apps for Australia. Not worth purchasing. Very bulky app for checking the weather.
Radar has pieces missing half of the time.
Temperatures are lower than actual air temperatures and lower than any other weather app. One day showed 13 degrees while people wore sandals and shorts outside. Actual temp was 26
Frequently crashes on my Galaxy Nexus
because every so often I open app and the license can't be verified so I have to reinstall.
App doesn't always load data refreshing gives you an error. Installed
Had to downgrade to get it to work.
The map won't fully load, it won't update, etc. So much wrong with this and yet they do nothing.
Locations not working properly.
On Samsung Galaxy 2
UPDATE THE UI PLEASE! Had it for a year, pretty average now, very few updates. Should be better for the $.
Really liked free version. Decided to purchase elite. Since purchasing elite, it often takes forever to update and stay current. When hitting refresh, usually hangs and have to exit and reopen a few times for it to load. Not much difference except better radar features. Not worth the money. Free worked better. VZW Droid 2
This app has become increasingly slow and the radar is often wrong.
Looking for alternatives but really love this. Just quit working
Live wallpaper all black. EVO 1.
Radar widget rarely works now.
Live wallpaper gone black. Still not fixed.
Worked til yesterday.. wallpaper blacked out. What happened? Motorola Electrify
Map widget goes blank until manually refreshed, which sometimes does not work.
Live wallpaper goes black after a while, have to reset phone, disappointing!
Live wallpaper screen keeps turning black. Rest of app works. Use to like it when it worked now looking for something else.
Sometimes it updates, sometimes it completely refuses no matter what I do. Seems to refuse no matter what if GPS is enabled. It's been too long since this app was updated.
really is there any better weather app? no. this has it all period. BUT it has been abandon. You pay $ but get left out in cold.
really is there any better weather app? no. this has it all period. BUT it has been abandon. You pay $ but get left out in cold.
Not good. Needs a better UI too. Please update!
Uninstalling. Unhappy with customer service- instead of trying to fix a problem, they accused ME of not attempting the obvious. No special features make it worth keeping; I'd rather free up my memory. Waste of money.
I have to uninstall. Not working with my new htc rezound please fix. Conflict with Verizon location. Prefer to keep GPS off to save power.
On nexus s4g with ICS 4.0.3 please fix! Some features are usable, but the "my location" doesn't work.
Love the info, but it utterly kills battery life. Turned all updates off, switched to MyCast, and got almost 2d out of my battery now.
Worked really nicely since I purchased it, and then a few months ago, stopped working altogether.  I reinstalled it, but now I'm unable to add a location.  Whatever city I write, or zipcode I use, it's always unable to find a location - I tried major US cities, to no avail (even though I'm in Canada).  I'll wait for further updates, maybe it'll work again, but for me right now, it's of very little use.  Looking for something else.
I used it for several months but a recurring problem was updating the conditions. As I type this, the app is still stuck at two days ago trying to update.
Way too long to load anything after the last patch. Fix please.
Tapping on the radar widget causes a crash because the dev used Thread.stop(), which is explicitly not supported in ICS. Please fix this!!
Updates often fail.
Nicely done. Forecast for BC is mostly wrong, making it useless. Purchased this but removed in favor of emille weather which uses Environment Canada.
Takes up 4.3 MBytes, yet developer doesn't allow it to be installed on SD Card. Why not???
Always fails to upload on droid bionic.... junk!!
Radar wont pull up only works while minimized says weatherbug has stoped unfortunatly other than that works fine please fix it! Galaxy nexus
I am in Ridgecrest, CA.  The current location function has me in Darwin, CA, almost 90 driving miles & 50 direct miles away.  Other than this I love the app.
Used to be a good app, but I can't get it to refresh the weather data. Just loads forever. Switching to something else.
While the app continues to function, it's starting to look dated. Plus on ICS it's got various little "bugs" for the lack of a better way to put it
The radar is not real time. There is a 5-10 minute delay. Its raining outside and the rain on the radar isn't over your area yet.
Used to be great. Now works only about one out of 10 tries.   Please fix. Dx
Not updating anymore.....ATRIX 2. Please fix.
ok people, I've uninstalled and re-installed and it's all working again. A pain to have to input your data again I know, but at least it will work!!
It fails to update after I refresh..
Ugly skin.  Only allows you to change colors.
Very slow to download weather data. Otherwise, pretty good app.
Don't buy unless you really want the minimal extra features. The free version works just as well.
Hourly forecasts are unreliable. Sometimes struggles to connect, and sometimes can't connect at all.
Frequent FC now, can't even get to Preferences. Waste of money.
Dont see a difference between this one and the free one!
Live Wallpaper Issues Live wallpaper dosnt center on your location, and it needs pinch to zoom
Maps wont work on droid bionic
Freezes .....won't load ....Droid X2
What is up with the incorrect weather reading? Its clearly hot as balls outside but it says its 30°F????
Used to be very reliable. Real flakey for the last couple of weeks. Woke up this morning to check houston tx weather...says I'm in Canada...
Wind should never be shown instead of rain as the status when both are present. I don't need to know if I'll need an umbrella for the wind.
Was perfect weather app. Now the radar suxs. Weather loads in blocks that don't line up. Loved it before last update. Please fix!!!!
I like everything about the app except the map. When I view weather in motion, it's choppy and a force field goes around my area. Droid Incredible.
Once was a good app. I can't get reliable data updates anymore. Uninstalled.
Often times gives simply wrong, inaccurate information. Occassionally gives incorrect wind direction, poor incomplete info re chance of precipitation.
Why does it show my location over three miles from where I actually am? I have been home all day. Other Apps show my exact location.
Every time I press refresh it just keeps going and going
Opacity issue fixed. ADW Launcher, HTC Evo. This breaks location tracking. Reverted to 2.5.357 Full screen radar widget still not back.
Loved this app until it started forcing close everytime i tried to view the radar....very annoying
Keeps force closing since update, unusable at present!
Samsung M910 unusable, paid $1 a while back...touchy app but after update completely useless. 2 stars due to excellent potential.
Samsung M910 unusable, paid $1 a while back...touchy app but after update completely useless. 2 stars due to excellent potential.
this thing locsin freezes up on me all the time
Newest update, Wallpaper is STILL broken on my EVO 3D. Does NOT center on my location.
Live wallpapers stopped working since last update; samsung mesmerize 2.2
Is just not stable anymore. Doesn't update in background properly and was an awesome app that has just become a disappointment.
Fix the hourly update thingy!!!!!!
Radar not accurate at all. And radar too cartoon'like. Many times radar shows i'm in the middle of a storm but it's not even raining. I want a refund
No longer updates automatically.. Won't follow my location
Not updating at all. Needs manual refresh. Photon
Force closes often. Unable to locate even after reinstall. Weather stats do not update correctly. NOT USABLE. UNINSTALL. DROIDX2
Widget has stopped auto updates since last program update. This makes the widget pretty much useless.
CONSIDERING WE ACTUALLY PAID FOR THIS APP YOU SHOULD MAKE SURE THE FREAKING MAP WIDGET WORKS. IT DOESN'T REFRESH
Stopped updating and wont load. Please fix
Use to work before update now I can't use live wallpaper even though I paid for it
Use to be great. Now it is slow and the radar loop is almost useless. Moto Atrix
Used to be better and easier to use. With most recent update, it wont show the hourly forecast. It swipes back to the extended or scrolls up and down.
If I could give it 0 stars I would. Completely useless ever since last update. REFUND PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
Used to love but now 80% of the time the map doesn't update, like another person said this is particularly annoying when there is severe weather
Application information is good but load times for the Radar are way too slow, even using WiFi. Animation is slow no matter what frame rate you choose
Last update created problems.won't connect to update. use to love this application.had for years. If won't fix will remove. Htc incredible.
Weatherbug said they knew that there was a problem with the maps not loading. They indicated that a fix would not be coming. I would stay away.
Does not auto update. It won't even manually update to the correct data. Very disappointing because the layout is great. Fix it mr/mrs designer.
Version 2.4.449 has been causing my HTC EVO to hang. I would pick up my phone, hit power button to turn it on, & it would boot up, tho it was running.
It is worse since last update....radar freezes and it changes my location randomly to another state. I have the elite version on Droid2
Location's keeps getting deleted and my location keeps getting disabled! Please fix it soon!!!!!
After the update, all is working, even the alerts, just fine. Thanks for fixing a great app. EVO 4G
Too unreliable. Doesn't always pull current data or location. In this heat I am getting one alert per location every 30 minutes.
needs ability to select alerts to receive, otherwise the heat advisory alert has been going off about once every 20 minutes all day.
Moto droid x --- after update, won't even load the widget. The app is completely useless currently. Please repair the bugs.
It's great when it's stable but one forced closed after another leaves this a useless purchase
Ever since the recent update it is a bad app. Going to uninstall. It is a real shame because this app use to work great.
Latest update moved app from five stars to two.Stars do not update full of bugs
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
worked fine before the update. works fine after the update. g2, evo, droid charge, dinc2, mytouch4g all tested fine.
After update, FC when config live wallpaper, lost my saved locations. Evo 4g
!! do not buy elite - it does not work any better than the free - it does not update your location - the # of stars on this app is misleading!
Thank you for the update everything is working better than before the last update. Great app. Evo
Latest update causing problems when trying to open. Pulls up keyboard, screen doesn't update. Now I can't even uninstall it.
Had some force close issues before but now the live radar background does not work at all. Constant force close...no multiple instances cause? DINC.
Love it. Paid for pro. Great app. Great widget. Great traffic wallpaper. The updates keep coming. They updated the user interface as well. Need app2sd
Weather alerts only load the first sentence. Location very rarely loads until you have left for another location. Temperature is always off. Don't buy
Weather alerts only load the first sentence. Location very rarely loads until you have left for another location. Temperature is always off. Don't buy
Works great on my Motorola Droid. No problems with alert text like others are experiencing
Works great on my Motorola Droid. No problems with alert text like others are experiencing
Cannot view dundee weather alerts. Cuts off after first few lines and has been broken for awhile.
Updated my location on install and now won't update at all. Even with gps locate turned on it doesn't use it. Evo 4g
Radar doesn't work half the time on 3G....kinda need it when severe weather is around.
Bought it, used it, uninstalled it. Widget kept screwing up, especially after restart. Loading*, would make phone freeze. Vibrant-froyo. Wish worked
This app seems to have been abandoned. Sure glad i bought it. NOT!!
Worked fine before new version of Android...now only shows first line of weather alerts...EVO 4g
This app continuosly fails to find my location. It also locks up very frequently. But, when it works... i like what it does
Location will not update. Locked into area where I first activated app. Galaxy s 2
Location will not update. Locked into area where I first activated app. Galaxy s 2
Thought this was buggy,tried several other weather apps to discover they were worse. WB has most customization and weather stations so will keep. D2
Would be great if the forecasts were more accurate. Temperatures are usually off. Sometimes it's pouring and it's saying it's sunny.
Weather alerts have stopped working correctly. You can only read the 1st line and a half! Evo.
Weather alerts have stopped working correctly. You can only read the 1st line and a half! Evo.
So much better than the The Weather Channel app. Only problem is that it doesn't update automatically like its supposed to. I love it when it works
Would be nice to see the updates here too not just the amazon app store I paid for this app please sort it out
In the beginning this worked fantastic. Slowly glitches started. It would freeze up my phone. I couldnt even get it to open, so I uninstalled it.
MyLoc/FlwMe says I'm in Prior 563mi away. Batt pull/reset/refresh: no location update. GPS/WiFi = same problem. Latest update didn't fix problem. DInc
Force close too frequent while loading map image. Developers run amuk with this app. Epic 4G
I've loved this app and decided to purchase to remove ads and since I did I'm having bug probs. Force closes and the Alert mssg no showing. Please fix
I purchased the upgrade after using the free version and discovered that a few key bug fixes were missing, most notably the "can't display weather alerts" issue. That was fixed in the free version as of the upgrade at the end of June. You'd think that the developers would fix the paid version *first*.
A paid app with advertising! Not only advertising, but flashing obnoxious advertising!!
Has many great features but crashes all the time when looking at satellite view. They know its a problem but I've waited a month for a fix but no go.
Please update the Elite widget to fit the screen on the EVO 3D. Looks like a 3x1 widget.
This prduct does not work no radar. There is no button to touch. Very disappointed to pay for something and not be able to use it. I got ripped off
NEEDS an update! Evo here and can't read alerts and it crashes randomly. Fix problems and I will give a better score. Was good before gingerbread
NEEDS an update! Evo here and can't read alerts and it crashes randomly. Fix problems and I will give a better score. Was good before gingerbread
Worked great until last update. Now only see two lines of weather alerts & radar loads very slow. Once fixed will rerate. HTC EVO Shift.
Active back ground only centers in the middle of us. On evo 3d it does not slide with home screens
Can't read alerts since last "fix" and only discovers my location ably 10% of the time.
I use this app for work and right now my location is 250 miles away from me...Getting a failed to update location and all other apps work fine... Fix?
Weatherbug is starting to get a lot of bugs and doesn't work quite right anymore.
still trying to figure out when it will tell me about lightning strikes near me like it did on my blackberries. I contacted customer support via email twice and have yet to hear back. It tells me the city I am in is always under thunder and lightning yet its sunny and nice out. Epic fail..........
Ok, so I got a new phone, a galaxy s, and your program STILL force closes. This is a cool program to have you totally incapable douchebags ruin it.
Ok, so I got a new phone, a galaxy s, and your program STILL force closes. This is a cool program to have you totally incapable douchebags ruin it.
Alert text on EVO 3D is cut off when expanded. Used to work fine on my EVO 4G. Please fix.
Used to work great. Does not update enough anymore. Says wrong locations often. Go to a new city and says I'm still in my hometown. Needs an update!
LOVED this app on my EVO 4G especially the live radar wallpaper...app itself works well on EVO 3D but live wallpaper in centered on the middle of the gulf of mexico (I am in Tampa FL) and when I zoom in it does not center my city on the screen. 5 stars again when this is fixed.
Problems obtaining GPS location, obtaining location from provider, radar doesn’t always load. Product support practically non-existent. Very unstable. And this is the PAID version. I want my money back!
Great when working, it's the best radar scv I've used, but inconsistent. From time to time there seems to be some kind of problem with their servers.
Still think its the best weather app.but latelu its been telling me im a town over :/
Great app but will only show the 1st line of a weather alert... EVO 4G... If there's an alert I'd like to know about it...
I've had this app for year how and it's gettin pretty crappy @ this point ! FC and not updating location on Moto Droid 2 , cum on dev. Fix this mess
Location updating is broken! Lots of FC since Gingerbread update (Droid X). Radar is slow to update and sometimes does not even refresh. Only way to get location to update is to turn on and off "enable my location". Where do we go for help??!!
The alerts don't work right! It tells u there is one but when u try to open it only the first line and a half of the text shows up!
It says its Sunday still even though its Monday and the data has been refreshed.
Alerts will only show one line on my HTC EVO. Also radar does not work in the area I live, all other wx apps do. Fix & app would be best out there.
Constantly force closes. Radar maps are slow and reduces frames to improve performance. How about fixing the app to improve performance?
I have a Nexus S, and I installed and it keeps on crashing. It's slow on radar image even with all premium settings off. App needs lots more work.
Same as others. Worked fine before update. Now all I ever get is failed to update messages instead of weather reports.
paid for elite version 3 days ago & it quit working last night. Won't refresh & gives network connection error...i've even. Pathetic!!!
Constantly giving wrong locale, says "Searching for location" far too often. Battery hog when it does this. Uninstalled.
I'm getting the same thing. Been using this for nearly a year with no problems and I love it. Now it fails to update. Be patient folks. They'll fix it
It's great,when it works. Now it's not. Must be something to do with all the things they're fixing,at the channel 3 news facility,right now.
As of June 17, 2011 it's stuck in the "Refresh" mode. I paid for the Elite version and would appreciate the developer doing something to fix this as I spend a lot of time on the lake and depend on this app. Before yesterday, the app was fine.
This app was fantastic til the last update. Now it won't refresh and force closes constantly. Fix please for 5 stars!
Radar map doesn't load or refresh all the way. Random squares are missing on the map. The text from the weather alerts don't fully show. EVO 2.3
Radar map doesn't load or refresh all the way. Random squares are missing on the map. The text from the weather alerts don't fully show. EVO 2.3
It sounds an alarm every 15 minutes for an Air Quality Alert, but neglects to mention the raging thunderstorm going on. Lame.
Will not update location says no signal and gps is on. Will have 5 stars again when fixed
I spent a whole week in Florida while whether bug continued to stay in Virginia... even after a restart... Droid 2.2.2
Plz quit trying to "optimize performance"... If I wanna wait 30 secs, let me. HTC Inc
Widgets don't work correctly. Says It's going to be 98 and snowing on Monday, June 13, 2011 here in Kansas. ???
Widgets don't work correctly. Says It's going to be 98 and snowing on Monday, June 13, 2011 here in Kansas. ???
Thought that did it, but I don't think so, fc and radar lockup back again. HTC Aria Android 2.1
Should have stuck with free version. Can't get radar, which was the reason I bought it. Get to work on it.
Pretty sad when the free version works better than paid one. Had the same issues when I used weatherbug on my BlackBerry. No push notifications???
The latest release does not track your location and crashes loading animated radar. I have been using it for over a year with no issues until now
I would rate it higher but, I can't get the thing to use the weatherbug station 2000 ft. from my house anymore. I had it on my old phone.
The app seems very buggy. My location shows me 4 hours away in Houston (I'm in Dallas), radar rarely works, tend to get lots of force/closes. HTC Inspire 4G
Love everything EXCEPT animated radar. Keeps lowering animation frames to "optimize performance" even though everything is working fine.
Simply a bad app. Constantly force closes, or radar does not update correctly (blank spots in coverage). Elite version on DroidX. AVOID!!
I agree with others. Used to be great but now maps won't load. Looking for another app. Hopefully things will improve. I really did like it before!
I hate to give only 2 star, but the follow me part of this program is crap. It needs to be constant gps, leave network alone because data seems to
Use this all the time...bought the paid version...great on droid x but Updated version does not follow me...now radar is slow to load. Do something.
Radar has been acting up lately. Loads incorrectly. Used to be dependable. Now the location is wrong, by two states. Fix your app wth
Every time I set the Doppler radar map to high or very high the software drops it back to medium to " increase performance" i don't want it to do that
App is useful and generally very good. Live wallpaper is great, but dislike that the map does not go all the way up to the notification bar. Rather large black bar at the top is very annoying. Otherwise, favorite weather app.
I've used this app since the first Droid it worked great. Now it crashes my thunderbolt. How can you screw up a good thing
Usually works ok...sometimes a little slow. Yesterday it showed that I was in walvis bay,nambia...wtf!!!
Been having issues. Map isnt working and rarely loads properly. Whats going on? On G2
I use to love this application now I'm not so sure, its no longer updating. Kyocera zio user
Force close very frequently. Reported the issue after the last one. Seems to be related to heavy radar traffic during severe weather.
Force close very frequently. Reported the issue after the last one. Seems to be related to heavy radar traffic during severe weather.
Force close very frequently. Reported the issue after the last one. Seems to be related to heavy radar traffic during severe weather.
Can't count on this application during severe weather. Radar went down and multiple force closes. That's unacceptable during tornado season. Bye!
Was working fine until about a few minutes before I posted this comment. Apparently, my current location is Ghana and NOT Brooklyn, NY.
Worked ok on my x8 untill I had to re-install. Now it doesnt work at all. Please someone squish this weather bug. Jon
Force closes all the time. Radar very very slow to update. Show lightning strikes doesn't work. Paid version. Eris
Worst Tornado outbreak in these parts in years and had to sit at computer desk and risk being sucked away to stay informed...NOT WHY I PAID for this..
Worst Tornado outbreak in these parts in years and had to sit at computer desk and risk being sucked away to stay informed...NOT WHY I PAID for this..
It have a couple of nice features, but overall it is not yet worth buying. There is too many problems.
It would be better to put weather alerts on the water on tha weather thing where the weather shows
It would be better to put weather alerts on the water on tha weather thing where the weather shows
Great weather app if it worked. Force closes, freezes up, slow, on both android and blackberry.
Great weather app if it worked. Force closes, freezes up, slow, on both android and blackberry.
Id give 5 stars if the recent update didnt mess it all up. Force closes, locks up, widget.errors, slow updates, alerts not coming thru on time. Fix!
I thought it was a new X2 app problem, but I have gotten forced closed the last two days while trying to refresh the radar maps. Trying to severe weather spot so it is during those intense times when I have been really pushing the app. Otherwise I am very happy with the app and had it on my Blackberry tour, which was slower map loading, but at least did not crash like this.
Unimpressed. The alerts don't work correctly and I never could get the radar to pop up. Will be uninstalling
F**! Fix the RADAR!!! TORNADOES ALL AROUND SIRENS GOING OFF... AND F.C. TIME AFTER TIME!!!
From Kansas...awesome app although not working keeps fcing when there's tornados in the area
I figured I will mention that my Thunderbolt is crashing as if it was its job... If it was meant to then its working great! Ummm..no
would not stay running at all, force closed every time tried to use. HTC EVO
Don't waste your $, get the free version. Use to work great, but constantly force closes now. Never had any problems with the free version.
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
Radar force closes app for a paid app this sux how about fixing this crap
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Keeps crashing trying to pull up the radar. Dallas/Ft Worth is under a tornado watch. Not good to have a paid weather app crashing right now.
Hey folks, do you read the comments about your app? It is sucking a_ _ for the last few days. Its storm season, get it fixed!
WB has completely failed me during a time of need. 3 tornados on the ground in my immediate area & WB FC repeatedly! What happened to this great app??
Life or death situations this app will leave u dead if u dare trust to rely on it!!!!!!!!!!!
Crashed my phone Motorola Droid. Use to work perfect. Now it's just horriable! I don't download it untill its fixed.
Loved it but now the radar comes up with gaps on the screen. Very frustrating. If they fix that, would be back at 5 stars
This was 5 stars easily. Now constantly force closes when I check radar. Samsung fascinate.
This was 5 stars easily. Now constantly force closes when I check radar. Samsung fascinate.
This was 5 stars easily. Now constantly force closes when I check radar. Samsung fascinate.
Great Weather app but for some reason currently having connection issues. Gingerbread 2.3.4 uninstalled until fixed.
Great - when it works, but still inconsistent, map freezes (and the map is its most useful feature).
Come on weather bug its 70 outside not 34 in Texas ... if ya don't fix it ill find something else
Was the best weather app for droid x until last update. Now it's horrible. Please fix ASAP.
Was the best weather app for droid x until last update. Now it's horrible. Please fix ASAP.
Lowering to a 2. Like the app but its really got bad problems. Come on guys we all paid for this.... could you please fix all the problems.
I absolutely love this app, it has everything you need to stay updated on current and future weather conditions.
Won't find my location no matter how many GPS location settings I turn on. I do like the scrolling radar though.
Only advantage on the free version is no ads and widgets. Forces close way too much.
That saddly is what has happened with weather bug elite. I have had this app for a year. it seemed to work fine at first. Over the past several months, and with every new revision this app accumulates more and more problems. As many people have mentioned the forcase information does not update. Furthermore, it only allows the most limited number of frames for animated weather maps( 6 vs 12) claiming "its to increase performance." BS! I wouldnt buy this app and I am looking for a replacement! -ripped off!
Would begreat if it wouldn't have your location wrong all of the time 5 stars when that gets fixed
Radar never shows the location of school chosen. GPS almost always shows wrong location/state
It was great now shows wrong temp all the time. Repeats this pattern at 2 or 3 monthly intervals. Gets frustrating after a while.
Not much use in Australia, might be OK in USA. Temperatures inaccurate by 4 deg+, rainfall figures non-existent, radar non-existent and video applies only to US scene. Sad, it's a promising looking app.
Not much use in Australia, might be OK in USA. Temperatures inaccurate by 4 deg+, rainfall figures non-existent, radar non-existent and video applies only to US scene. Sad, it's a promising looking app.
Now it wont find my location. It used to work great. Not anymore. Samsung epic 4g
Used to love this PAID app. WHEN IT WORKED. Hasn't worked in over a week. Always asking for a location provider. Won't update my location Please fix.
FC every time I use radar I knew I shouldn't have uptdated please fix ASAP I use this a lot but now unless
Major tornados last night, and started getting fc when trying to view radar. Need something dependable. Uninstall. EVO
Would be more stars if it didn't CONTINUALY force close. Please fix this problem today.
When I'm scrolling through an alert please stop resetting me to the top of the page. Just show an hourglass if you're not done loading it yet.
Glad I saved a backup of the older version. Started force closing in the middle of the tornadoes and storms all afternoon. Installed old version and everything works like it should. I hope the developer is working on this.
This app is so horrible. radar doesnt load half the time. Doesnt update after you open the app unless you manually update it.
Latest update broke radar.Only parts of image load.Over past 2 years never know if update is good or crap, getting fed up with it
After latest update, radar overlay does not load properly or app will force close when trying to view radar.
Version 2.5.358 is unstable for me. Maps are erratic; FC's frequently. Going back to 2.5.351. OG Droid / CM 6.1.2.
Was a great app, but even without update causing FC, radar barely ever loads anymore. Fix this or I'm done with the app.
Latest version force closes on radar. Right when I need it most, a tornado warning!
Installed update and repeatedly crashed when opening radar for any location. Other functions work. Needs fixing for Xoom.
Since update FCs when using the map. Please fix as this is a great app.
Since update FCs when using the map. Please fix as this is a great app.
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
Whatever was updated needs to be fixed or undone. I would hope they are working on this
Galaxy s. Was working good but started force closing. When I tried to view radar.
Last update bad will not open and to think I paid for this droid 2
Removed one star! I rely on this app for my business. since the last update it force quits when viewing radar & location error messages on refresh!
Use to be great. Radar doesn't work anymore. I paid for this. Don't install unless you want to get angry.
Needs to have automatic updating available feature. However it does work well on Droid 2
is this current update showing a good one, or does this one hav the bugs?
It was 5 stars, but after the recent update radar maps are slow to load or don't load. Very buggy. Moto Droid
Had free version worked fine, bought the elite keeps freezing up , wish had kept old one
Downloaded newest update today and now its not working. Force closes everytime. Please get it fixed.
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
Thank you Weather Bug! Ya, it loads a bit slow but your getting a LOT of info to work with. We've had a lot of bad weather here and app works!
The last update worked all the kinks out of this app. Radar downloads quickly over 3g now and location is updated in the background as you move. Incrd
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
They still can't get it right. Status bar doesn't update. Sticking with My Cast, which is far superior
Always get failed to load message. Have to remove app and re-add to get to load. Message has yet to go away. Worked fine before I paid. A joke. EGO 4G
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
I paid for the app. Now I DO NOT want towait while it plays the weatherbug elite logo.
Used to be great but I had to uninstall because no matter what I did it was a huge battery drain.
It was fine for the first few days but since then a waste of time I do not have the radar it's more like google earth and I needed the radar
For the last few days, my weather bug seemed to think that my current location was in Ecuador. I live in Texas. Other than that, I can't complain.....
I would give 5 stars, but the active wallpaper doesnt work on my HTC G2
Used to be good, but sucks now. Sucks resources. Slows phone. Now says I am unlicensed, but bought it months ago. No response from author.
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
while set to auto update the widget, it doesn't. only updates manually. very disappointing for a paid app. WB needs to fix this ASAP.
This app is ok but the widgets do not update at all, always a manual refresh. For a pay app the quality is bad, and software updates are rare. :-(
This app worked when I bought it last year. Now the radar sucks and there is no precipitation info at all. Problem report function sucks also.
In free version (on my LG Optimus S), the temperature and wx alerts worked fine, but in the paid version they do not. Dumb!
if this can't or won't get fixed we all should be entitled to a refund right? how many months should this get ignored? never updates. all agree?
Works ok on 2.1 Captivate but widget burns battery due to excessive partial wake lock especially if network is down
Use to work real good. Now it never seems to update and force closes a lot. Shame I spent $ on it.
What happened Weather Bug? I liked this app SO Much I actually paid for the full version. Worked great too! Updated & now the most useless app I have
The widget never agrees with the app itself. If you look at the widget then go into the app it always says something different.....which one is right?
if only we cld give 0 stars! notification bar STILL NOT updtg! un/reinstall didnt work 4 me. i cant take it anymore. uninstalling. droid x froyo 2.3
When I first got the app. A few weeks ago, it worked fine. It has since stopped tracking my location unless I actually open the application.
Interfers with data connection, locks up G2, won't update, no response developer, I want my money back!
Interfers with data connection, locks up G2, won't update, no response developer, I want my money back!
The radar update is buggy and wayyy too slow. Automatic updates do not work. Support is totally useless.
Doesn't update all the time. My location doesn't update 60% of the time. Temp. often wrong
It used to be great. But now i wonder why I payed. Please make it at least as good as regular PC unpayed! For the mobil elite. Payed crowd"
Resets preferences each time I manually refresh. Why am I refreshing? Because the enabled updates are not happening. Needs attention. Samsung Galaxy S
The widget has stopped updating, making it worthless, and when I tried to make this known on their site submitting feedback results in internal 500 error. I believe it can be fixed but with no reliable way to bring this to their attention I would avoid this program until they fix the widget update issue.
The widget has stopped updating, making it worthless, and when I tried to make this known on their site submitting feedback results in internal 500 error. I believe it can be fixed but with no reliable way to bring this to their attention I would avoid this program until they fix the widget update issue.
This WAS the best weather app out there. Then the widgets and notifications quit updating for days at a time. Developer: please fix!
I used to love this app. It stopped location and temp updates a while ago - even with WB Locator on. Needs a fix. Droid. Uninstalled.
Boy,WeatherBug has come a long way since you first thought of it. I think I was usingr OS/2 Warp. 4 then. It worked on that too!
Forecast info is great, but causes stability issues with Android OS on the Droid II. I uninstalled my copy because of frequenr freezes and restarts.
Forecast info is great, but causes stability issues with Android OS on the Droid II. I uninstalled my copy because of frequenr freezes and restarts.
Used to be the best but auto location update has been broken for months and there seems to be no interest in fixing it.
Don't buy, it's no better than the free one, at least not enough to pay 1.99 for it
It was great until it stopped auto update. I could be a day behind on weather unless I manual update. And I paid for this! Fail!!
Uninstalled. Doesn't always update the temp & other weather info when it should, always had to do a manual update/refresh.
Well folks, what was a good product now sucks since it no longer functions on my Incredible. Reinstalled, still nothing. Hummm, now, I delete.
Bought it for the radar animation and it rarely works. I have G2 and it can be on H network and it still wont work. Typical faulty weatherbug sw.
Was great before update. Now it tells me I haven't purchased the app, even though I've had it for months. :(
used to be the best, but has had update probs for months and developer has not fixed. don't buy until developer addresses problems
Best app works good no problems it lets me know everything about my city ,I'm a weather freak *****
...now it won't load weather in LA where I live; always defaults to non-La location despite setting LA as default; widget is hopeless. No updates to fix issues. WB is going down people.
WHAT HAPPENED???? What the hell happened to the forecast now??? U just show the temperature n that's it?? I Mean wtf?? Use to be good
The best weather app I've found and it's still pretty terrible. Ugly graphics, unreliable forecasts that don't know the current date, etc.
I have been using this app on my samsung behold II and now on my tmobile G2 by HTC with no problem untill they updated it this week.
It used to be fast. Now if I have more than one location it only gets some of the information for each location. It has also become really slow.
A VERY disappointing app. I have the paid version and it never updates. Actually didn't know severe weather was coming. It didnt update for 24+ hours.
Thought it would be ad free once purchased... it isn't...... other than that.. o k. So far.
Bought it and now regret it, it never wants to update, I've enabled all the updates in settings, weather channel seems to work better and cleaner.
Worked great on the mainland, but now that I'm in Hawaii I can't get any radar images!
Used to work Great!...after last couple of updates ago; auto update is faulty, auto track no loger works, nor the current location. Samsung Moment
Be nice if the Developer would fix the auto update issue. Tired of having to manually open app for latest info. Just Saying. Droid X 2.2.1
Be nice if the Developer would fix the auto update issue. Tired of having to manually open app for latest info. Just Saying. Droid X 2.2.1
Was a great app until it stopped following my location and updating automatically. Have to do a manual refresh now if i want up to date info.
Application seldom locates your position automatically. I had to uninstall an reinstall several times
Excellent app, works well and gives accurate weather conditions on a regular basis.
The free version works better than the paid version. Updated and installed the "Elite" version, now it doesn't update the notifications any longer
For update issues, clear data, force close, and uninstall all apps related to weatherbug, then reinstall. This worked for me.
Wish the hourly forecast was accessible from the main screen - it's a pain having to scroll through two or three other screens to get to it.
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Great except that the weather station that is apparently closest to my house is off by ten to thirty degrees. Support ignores my snails.
Worked perfect for a while, Now will not update....uninstalling until they fix the update issue.
Updates from within the app, but will not allow me to add widget on my homescreen.. I hope they fix this because this is a decent weather app
Widget hasn't been updating recently (motodroid 2.2 & 2.3). Otherwise a pretty solid app.
For an app I paid for, I am disapointed. Alerts don't come through half the time. Main reason I picked this app.
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
I thought that your desktop reflected the weather outside ? ...if it rained outside your desktop would show raindrops on the screen ? This isnt workin
Been having issues with the radar, and now wind not showing for some reason. Needs update, and will give 5 stars.
Sluggish and force closes a lot on rooted LG Ally custom ROM overclocked, Apps2SD. All other apps run just fine.
Another case of paying good money for a working app only to see it updated into a useless piece of crap. I WANT A REFUND!
Weatherbug is not parsing out the proper section of the WSW. My county is always the next section after the &&
The radar loop doesn't load properly, it leaves blank areas if precip all over the map. Use the free version don't pay for the elete version.
Like many others, auto-updates have stopped for this app. I now have to launch the main app for the widget to update. Not worth the money until fixed.
Worked better when I had for free. Bought app and now I have no wind speed and no auto temp updates
Excellent! IT WAS. I had to change my comment, after last update, app does NOT update its location anymore. One has to do it manually. 2 stars only.
Chuck: Doesnt automatically detect your location. Thinks its in Boznia. No difference between free zersion and $ version.
Was great on 2.1 . Now won't even open before it force closes ever since got my froyo upgrade. Fix and 5 stars
seems to be getting more buggy instead of more stable. I've grown tired of it and moved on.
Wxbug elite has been slow & inaccurate for last few weeks. Not happy & must not remmend at this time on 01.26.11.
Weather alerts have not been for the correct location. Worked previously, not any longer.
So $2 bucks for what. Expected a jump from the free app. Instead I only a little hop. Not worth it.
Auto update hasn't worked in over a month. Makes app useless. EVERYBODY has this issue too. Font on maps is too small.
Many greyed out features that used to work with original Droid, now not working with Droid Global. No reply from developer after two weeks...
homescreen temps are up to ten degrees different from what is showing inside the app. going back to TWC free app.
When I originally installed it worked great!! After the first update it all went to hell!! Have to manually update all the time! Reinstalling 3rd tm
It "Failed To Load" every night. DroidX and Droid2. It will not refresh on the Droid2 and has to be uninstalled and reinstalled. Uninstalling 4 good.
Location is wrong say im in texas city tx when im in friendswood tx fix it please
Automatic location updates to notification bar are wildly inconsistent at best. G2.
Weather Bug worked great until I updated it. Now it won't update unless I physically open it and wait about 2 minutes.
Really thinking of finding another weather app...doesn't follow me anymore...doesn't like to start when turn phone on...no updates in a long time...
Questionable accuracy. Installed on 2 phones and got different current conditions from the same source. Also get conditions that are obviously wrong.
Will not update on own and also it locks up alot. Please fix I paid good money for this.
Was a good app, but now unusable due to force close every time I try to open it.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
Forecasts are not very accurate and now it doesn't follow me anymore and doesn't update in the background anymore either.
Was great until it quit working...haven't been able to open the app for a couple of weeks
Was great until it quit working...haven't been able to open the app for a couple of weeks
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Does not do anything different than the free app. Do not buy it. It does not update location.
Alerts won't work!!! Would really like this feature fixed. It has caused me to start looking into other weather apps.
Paid for elite...got an app where widget won't update and follow me doesnt work. Past refund period...but CC chargeback is looking like an option. FIX
Stopped updating temps all of a sudden. Used to be a perfect app, now not so good.
A bit unreliable on the Droid 2, My Location doesn't always update when set to do so.
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
Great options, good selection of barometric pressure, wind speed/direction, good radar. App has occasional updating issues, would buy again :)
Great options, good selection of barometric pressure, wind speed/direction, good radar. App has occasional updating issues, would buy again :)
Force close all the time locks up phone when it works it is really slow
Force close all the time locks up phone when it works it is really slow
3 hour update interval in map widget unless manually refreshed? That sucks... let us configure the interval plz!
With my Incredible I have a standalone gps chip and this app still refuses to find anywhere close to my location or update the weather when it should.
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
It's a nice app, but the forecasts are so inaccurate they might as well be random. It's only useful for current weather information.
It is an awesome all around weather app but it drained my battery in half a day even with auto update off.
I drive truck cross country and this great for long distance weather reports. I put in all the mountain pass towns in the extra location settings
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
The new upgrade is terrible. Slowed it down and if internet is off, it is constantly in the background running.
THIS APP IS STARTING TO GET UNDER MY SKIN,USE TO BE GOOD,LOCATION IS OFF,N ITS REALLY BUGGY,LOWERIN STARS TILL FIXED,DROID2
The auto update stops working all of a sudden. Ever since I installed this app, my battery life has dropped significantly.
Would be great but always freezing up and hardly updates to my location. Weather channel app so much better. Get it together weather bug
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
Not accurate since update. Temperature doesn't update, shows no precipitation eventhough we got 8 inches of snow today. Will uninstall unless fixed.
Often problems updating today's weather...sometimes shows yesterday as current day...worked better on my blackberry
Auto update broken, location broken, and its a paid app. Really annoying. Using weather channel till fixed.
Auto update broken, location broken, and its a paid app. Really annoying. Using weather channel till fixed.
Not updating at all so now a useless app right now on desire HD. Please fix
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Laggy radar and that's I re ally use got rod of this and use my cast
The temperature for Frederick MD is always 2 to 6 degrees off, otherwise I would have given this app 5 stars.
Suddenly requires access to my phone calls and all SD card contents even with paid version, that sucks.
Long time Elite user but as of late the weather has been almost 40° off! I downloaded 4 other FREE weather apps that were right on the money!! Evo
Long time user with no problems on Droid X until last update. Does not update now. Pls. fix.
Really liked the app first time, but had reset my Motorola cliq ct and after re-installing it will not open and keeps force closing. Help?
app quit working after recent droid update...deleted and re-downloaded, still not fixed
One of my favorite apps, being a weather "nut". New update is great! Nice work.
Does not work after last update. Says I didn't purchase the app from the market.
Umm..... where did my widget go?? Since the update the widget simply doesn't show up.
Great for the price. It would be the best if you could add the actual time for the scenes of animated radar.. similar to the animated photo.
Great for the price. It would be the best if you could add the actual time for the scenes of animated radar.. similar to the animated photo.
My favorite weather app, but it has decided that I didn't buy it ... even though I definitely did. Some kind of broken DRM?
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
The update messed up my radar widget. Now when I resize it, I get a white'ish border and it ugly.
Not very happy that my purchased version says not purchased on my tablet that has market on it. Last version worked fine.
Umm, it said I didn't pay for this app. Yes I did pay for it. I still have the confirm email.
worked great on moto i1 until last update now force close every time. Somebody screwed something up
New update is terrible, took my temp widget away and forecast are a day behind. Droid
Wasnt impressed... There are better free apps. Weatherbug gives off a very negative weather forecast vibe... infortunate
My weather bug is not updating :(
Resets settings every time I start it up! Fix!
Resets settings every time I start it up! Fix!
Ok I've had this thing for a year and now all of a sudden it has me at least 50 miles away from where I actually am!  This app is starting to be useless.
But it lacks a few necessary features. Mainly it needs an option to entirely disable background updating of the widget - some things are better done manually. Also it's hard to reorganize the locations list - items will drag, but they won't drop if more than four items are listed. The UI could use a bit of polish to match ICS and JB. Will up the rating if these things are addressed.
Has a problem when u use refresh it will try to update for around 2 minutes and then Give up on Samsung s 3.
It really bothers me that the back button always closes the app, instead of going to the previous screen
Had to uninstall then reinstall to get wallpaper to work again was 5 STARS, this app fails to update. Reinstalling is getting old
The UI is sweet but the predictions and even the radar is way off. Shows heavy rain using my location and often times it doesnt rain a drop. Would be nice if the info was worth a s***t
I mistakenly paid for Elite!  It constantly force closes. There are better apps out there I'm sure.  Don't buy!
Even though it's 80° out here, the task bar temp says 59°. Refreshing the data has no effect. Please fix this weatherbug bug. I like the radar in this app.
This would be 5 stars if the radar maps ran correctly.  Choppy in motion,  if they work at all.
Time for new ui
The free version did work okay, animation was practically nonexistent. This needs to be fixed and I will give it five stars.
But still needs update for ICS/JB notification style, been waiting months for that.
Would be 5 star if they would fix notification.  Ongoing threats like high temperature, air quality, and flash flooding keep setting off the vibration every few minutes.  It is extremely annoying.  I want tornado warnings, but not constant reminders about ongoing conditions.
Updated to Elite now lost my current weather info that was on my main screen showing current stats. How do I get back on screen. Only see how to place app button but then have to open that. Only thing I have is tiny temp reading at very top bar.
There's a lot of good here, but I would like to have seen better radar... Or any usable radar interface. It just freezes if it shows anything at all. For all other purposes, it works great.
Need to fix radar loading it's way to choppy.
I think some people on here need to realize that their phone might not be running good, and the app could be running fine.
Loads quickly. I can get to the weather map quickly. Updates used to be frequent, which is essential for outdoor activities here in thunderstorm country.  Lately, it is often 30 minutes out of date - useless!
Constantly having to tap to reload. Picking up locations states away. Normally I would consider this a very good app. Please fix.
Uses too much data and battery.  Should have stuck with the free version.
Never works.  Animations and radar never load properly.  Just see  squares fill in randomly.  Sucks on my Galaxy S III....
Map updating is very slow,  Lightning stars?
The app is falling behind the others. The weather map is slow to load and now glitches if you are on it too long. The map goes into some funky flickery bluescreen. Fails to load and enevitablty crashes weatherbug. What was useful now is kinda old hat and lagging behind.
There's unused screen space on my galaxy S3. Badly in need of an ics update. This app looks too much like WB has always looked like. Give us some theming options at least
It won't sound alert
Radar does not update unless map is resized.
this would be perfect if you would implement a way to select which alerts you want to be notified of.
Drop down notification fonts don't fit correctly, no longer centered. Needs to fit the screen better! Come on now,I paid for the app to support you guys lol...
Please update the graphics on this app.  Its been the same since 1.0
This tool used to work great. Not sure what happened but it send to be crashing a lot. Severe weather in dfw this evening. Please fix this asap!
Can't live without it. :)
Was giving ridiculously high temp readings over 120 degrees. It was only 87 degrees outside. I'm re-installing this app & I hope that issue is fixed.
This thing needs some tlc.
This app sorely needs a face lift. Finally an update and it's social integration? ! Come on guys doing something useful.
But in need of a serious revamp. This app has had the same outdated ui for years
Please update your app to conform with Android 4.0 user interface standards.  Your app its wasting screen space at the bottom for the soft menu button
Needs a update to work on tablets.
When I bought my Moto Xoom the day it came out, I recall WB saying they were working on a "MAJOR UI UPDATE" for the entire Android line. I waited ...... and waited ...... and waited... well I went from the Fascinate, to the Droid Pro, to the Bionic, now SGS III and it looks the exact same as it did on my Moto OG DROID. c'Mon WB.
The UI is still old. How about a new look to match Android 4.1
I hope this app gets an ICS, er.. Jelly Bean facelift soon. The functionality is great but I've always wished it didn't look so outdated.
I BOUGHT THIS APP AND GOOGLE HAS THE NERVE TO CHARGE ME A DOLLAR ON TOP OF THE APP FEE! WHAT A BUNCH OF BULLSHIT.
Telling me there is an update on my apps home.. However when I click it there is no update option. Have tried unistalling it and still there.  Looks old need new look and better interface
I just updated it recently and now several of the widgets are gone. Sucks.
The animation of maps cycles but then stops/pauses on the EARLIEST image.  It should stop/pause on the LATEST image.  Please fix this. Droid X
I purchased this ap some time ago and have always loved it. I uninstalled it this morning after much frustration trying to see weather for where I am. I have the "my location" feature enabled but since I moved from TX to VA last month, it keeps giving me the weather for the city I lived in....in Texas!!! I've tried everything to fix it and it just won't work. Very disappointed because there's no other weather ap that I like as much as I liked this one :-(
Radar crashes a lot on Elite version.
Gives too many fake weather alerts not associated with the NWS  or NOAA. Half decent radar and 5 day forcast make it worth keeping though. Get radar scope if you want real radar data.
Animated radar is awful. Only three movements and choppy
Would have gotten 5 stars but the radar wallpaper won't center in on my location
Says its 73 on 1 screen go to next screen says its 86
Come on, you have a great app but as sad as it is, the iPhone's version is better than android's. Can you give us some of the lightning features they have.?
Very slow to find location, if it works at all, also the manual update feature is absent now, but still available on the iPhone.
Can't even get my location-.-
Like it a alot but my htc incredible 2 started rebooting itsself after i installed this.  Seems incompatible with mapmyride or some gps conflict.  Too bad. Turning it off.
App is good but went belly up after a month's use. Refused to load data after multiple attempts. Sooo, I unstalled it and got it again. For the small price, Elite is getting another chance. Stay tuned.....
I've been using this app for a while now and liking it, but lately I keep getting failed to load data error and the widget and notification won't auto-update...what gives?
The elite widget is not centered on ice cram sandwich. Needs fixed, looks ugly  Droid Razr
I got ticked off at the free version's videos that i couldn't escape and had to uninstall, so i bought the pd version. But the status bar print is so tiny i can't see the temp. what a bummer.
I've been using it the past couple years.  Was great on my old Droid.  It's looking pretty dated now on my Galaxy Nexus compared to most new apps.  It could really use a whole UI revamp and some animation smoothing/optimization.
I had this app for 2 years and it worked great. I dont know what happened, but now that its a little on the inaccurate side.
At first I thought it was the phone, then I read the reviews. If issues like this are anticipated, please inform us via email or text message.
The ugly blue is old. iPhone and the tablet versions look tons better. Needs to be updated with a different theme. Other than that it's one of my favorite weather apps. Works good most of the time. Occasionally seems to be slow updating but that may be my network.
Way too few reporting stations; other apps have many more stations.  Otherwise accurate, follows location, good location storage quantity.  Alerts can be enabled/disabled by location.  I like being able sort locations with drag and drop.
Animation frames preferences is located at the top left corner of radar map screen.  Tap the cog icon and animation frames can be adjusted at the bottom of the page that pops up.
Both on my Nexus S and Galaxy Tab LTE, weatherbug will not update over wifi any more.
Almost always wrong location. Otherwise, the app does what you'd expect.
Everytime a storm rolls through eastern Iowa, the west side of Iowa loads instantly. I wait and wait for my area to load, by the time it's loaded, I just don't care anymore. Thanks for making me pay for something that's totally useless!
When I got the App it worked perfect, I have Android 1.6. When the latest release came out, the looping radar no longer works, it crashes the app every time I try using the Radar.     NOT happy.     Any one have a link to the previous'version of WB?
However the default always goes to Swansburo, NC wherever that is. Need to lock in on default or use cell towers if GPS not on.
Why isn't the Android Weatherbug UI updated like on iOS? MUCH better look on iOS. Looks old and clunky on Android.
My only complaint about this app is the radar animation pauses on the first frame instead of the last frame.  Seems odd to hold on radar image from 1.5 hours ago during animation.
I bought the full version of this app, it's okay, nothing fancy, it tells you about your weather and that's good enough for me.
Ever since the last update, my wallpaper is way behind the real radar. It's become useless to have the radar as your wallpaper. Please fix.
No longer shows accurate location on map.
Lately it seems every time I view the satellite, it zooms out so I have zoom into my location every time. Extremely annoying. If I want to see the entire us, I will zoom out on my own.
I loved this app when I bought it a few years ago...weather changes frequently, maps take a long time to update and load...I'm looking for a new weather app now
Almost never updates 'My Location' even when I have my GPS on!  Kind of sucks that I paid for this app and it doesn't work properly! Very aggravating.
Since the update notifications always fail to upload on it's own (you have to do it manually. EVO
Good app for most part.  The radar takes forever to load and most times only half the map does.
Works well on my Gingerbread phone, however the 3x1 widget on ICS tablet doesn't format correctly.
Works well on my Gingerbread phone, however the 3x1 widget on ICS tablet doesn't format correctly.
Finally working with map widget on ICS.
Thinks I'm in a different since update. What happened? And, new icon? I can't see it.
Faux 3D glass bubble look terribly dated. Weather data format unmatched, but needs full ICS re-skin to remain competitive.
It's ok, but I'm not terribly impressed. It's slow to load, slow to refresh details, radar only works half the time. The weather is usually close to accurate, otherwise this would get fewer stars.
why do i get rained on... but  weather bug shows no clouds on the radar??
If you can add a time and temperature widget. I'll be really happy.
If you can add a time and temperature widget. I'll be really happy.
Sure, it'll tell you the weather, but for my dollar I'd expect the GPS location tracking to work more reliably.
Looks so dated. Needs a UI overhaul bad.  Hasn't been updated in ages.  I regret buying it.
Good idea but servers are almost always slow or even unresponsive, especially for radar imagery.
Radar sucks and it wont load. Dont but it
Phil is right, this new version has removed the ability to turn off automatic refreshes completely.  You never REMOVE functionality from an app!!!  Especially if you paid for it...
Have do do a battery pull to get the live update to refresh. Droid X2
Best maps imo. Still picks up the station 40 miles away when other apps find one right here. Needs to access network of local stations.
Overall good. Rapidly falling behind, though. Will not report or track history of precipitation due to some bug and development apparently have little desire to fix it.
The temperature in the notification bar is way too big now and the 3 day widget still looks bad. Otherwise, program works well.
New notification is huge and ugly. Looks way out of place now.
Overall Weatherbug is my favorite weather app.  I find the widget and maps very useful.  Most recent update removed ability to disable updates (longest update period now 6 hours).  This hurts as I travel out of the country regularly.
I agree, the UI needs to be updated along with the widgets too.
The only reason I use Weather bug instead of another app is the weather map widget, and even this latest update doesn't fix it on my Galaxy Nexus.
WB is way too slow to load. On average it takes a minute to get current weather. Once there the app has all the information I need. Where are the updates?
This app needs a UI redesign so badly. It's had the same cartoonish design for too long while many competitors have elegant designs.
Pics is out and web needs s facelift.  The map widget seems to stop every time I use it Galaxy nexus
How about updating the application
Pretty decent although not very accurate, gave 70% chance for rain yesterday, and no rain. 40% for today and its flooding from raining so hard.
Always loved WeatherBug.  Have had it on the desktop for YEARS!  Nice to have it on the phone.....only 1 issue I have with it, tho.  It needs background data turned on for temp updates. :(  If this wasn't so, I'd have given it 5 stars. Please, developers, remove the necessity for background data to be enabled!!!!!
pretty good app but it needs an update... spends way too much time loading... razr...
Nice app but too slow to load.
Weather map never fully loads
Good featurea. Radar tiles don't all load at times.
Best radar map of any I tried. Great app, but had to uninstall after performance issues. No updates since August?!? No way to treat a premium app.
The radar doesn't fill in properly
I've noticed the wind speed data has been absent lately, and not sure why.  This is important data, and should be fixed (will return to 5 stars then).  Thanks.  Motorola Electrify
App is ok, however it's not been updated for a long time, and I feel an update to fully support ICS is now overdue. I hope the developers take note and start supporting ICS.  3 Starts, as good app, it looses the other 2 stars as not updated.
Needs an update.a little buggy and interface has gotten old.other than that very useful app
Everytime I get fire weather warnings for all my saved locations and dismiss them, they come back next update.  There should be a dismiss for 24 hours button or something.    Also I am surprised a paid app doesn't have hourly forcasts.
Great app!
Want load at all today
When will android get the slick new interface that iOS just received?
Often have to redownload on my Samsung infuse, keeps saying that the app is not liscensed though I bought it.
Slow on ICS 4.0.2 sometimes it just hangs
Radar widget crashes when clicked in ICS.
Use for alerts and maps only.  Now maps are not loading.  This happened last spring as well, and it wasn't fixed until updated.  I think we're there again.
Live wallpaper doesn't update to current location
Takes very long to load/refresh on full signal 4G... sometimes won't load at all... Everything else runs great. Anyone else have this problem?  Droid Bionic.
What a waste of a couple dollars! Never loads, updates, or anything!! Uninstall!!
My location feature does not work on DROID X
I like the alerts but the radar does not work just shows me a map. If fix give more stars. htc amaze user
No new features in paid version. I actually think the free version was faster.
Doesn't automatically update T-Mo Samsung Exhibit II Gingerbread
Radar won't refresh up to time. Stuck at 850am. Unistalled and installed. Same thing.  Everything else comes up to time but radar
When it wants
35 degrees in Houston, TX at 1:00 pm. When it actually 63 degrees, tried uninstall an reinstall still says its 35 degrees.
Wallpaper black. Please fix.
It was great. Black blank screen for todays now it's terrible. Fix it please......
The app works very well minus the live wallpaper (radar).  It sometimes works then it does not.  It goes dark like someone turned the lights off.  Multiple friends have the same issue but is not just an HTC Sense error like weatherbug claims. That is the part I wanted and paid for.
Worked really good for a while then the wallpaper would just go black. Tried to uninstall and then reinstall it but that didn't work either. Gave it three stars for some of the features but still disappointed with the app.
Loading is better than it use to be, and is a useful tool. I use it everyday and love it.
Can you please fix the app so it will auto refresh on its own after shutting off network access and turning back on? Have to do a manual reset everytime to get current reports ?
Please update the looks of this app.  It's very ugly.  Would be nice if it used ICS's theme both in the app and notification.
Nice app but no weather alerts for regional Qld and no updates for rainfall.
The Weatherbug Elite widget (ie: the most useful one) displays incorrectly on tablets. It only takes up 3 horizontal tiles and ends up squished when it should be taking up 4 just like it does on Android 2.x phones. I have tried it on both Android 3.x and Android 4.x devices.
Thia app works fairly well but has a tendency to wig out on the auto location.
Is better this one wont refresh just keeps loading!
I only use this app for the map widget, but its been buggy for a few days...bionic
Doesn't display well in ICS yet,  and opening the map widget makes Weatherbug FC. Please fix!
I like Weather Bug, but the map widget is very inconsistent and buggy, sometimes it works but many times it doesn't.
Working great on HTC EVO. Needs update for honeycomb on my HTC evo view tablet. Widgets and app screen don't use the space efficiently.
Issue with map widget not sizing correctly on HTC Rezound
Needs an updated version for tablets. Graphic/design are too small for the screen.
Map widget is not sized correctly on htc rezound
Works good but keep us updated! And give us better tablet support.
Love the app, but ICS tray color has dark background and black text making it close to unreadable and therefore close to useless. Otherwise would be easy five stars. Please address/fix.
Widget doesn't fit screen properly it's to small please fix had to buy accuweather new paid app that one works
Love wb, but I'm tired of the " air quality" alerts. Unless its going to kill me, lose these stupid alerts please.
Will not update,crashes.
Horrible
Do not buy this app! Recently, it can not update the weather.For the station Koltsov shows no wind, pressure and rainfall.
Just downloaded and installed, not working at all, no connection, no updates, wont even allow me to select my location.
It's definitely not working correctly! Fix it & get the bugs out so it runs like it use to, if not better!
It reloads data every time I open it. Load data in background and show me latest stuff so I can use it without data connection!
The new version sucks! Forecast information is unreliable or unavailable, the app will switch to other locations where your not at.
Now fix the radar.
Why has it stopped working?  Hello?
it be cool if wind direction was shown on a real working compass instead of figuring out where north is? :)
Quit warning me about the same warning in the same location over and over again. If my location or the warning does not change, it does not need to.
Works fine until there is bad weather and you actually need it, then it doesn't work.
Don't buy unless you really want the minimal extra features. The free version works just as well.
It works great. It is worth the cost.
I have a DroidX and I keep getting alert notifications for the same weather alert. I turn off the notification feature because it gets annoying.
Worked better on my old Droid1 than new Bionic. Current location function not working. Crashing more
This is a great app until there is any kind of weather other than clear skies. App times out when storms are in the area.
Since last update has been force closing, and this is paid version might get 5 stars when force close is fixed.
Worked great, but still have issues with gps. Whys did you take away the radar?
It looks like the DEVs have taken our advice and fixed the issues. Auto-update works great again. Lovin' it! -Droid Bionic
Loved it before the last 2 upgrades. Not loading screens.. get errors ... please fix!!
Haven't updated to newest version cuz of ppls comments about being broken mine still works if u haven't updated, don't lol
Its ok not sure that is thatmuch better
Radar widget gets into bad state. App hangs when opened from widget -- requires manual refresh sometimes. Droid X.
Widgets absolutely kill the phone memory and speed......needs to be fix..droid x
But when it sucks it really sucks
Often times gives simply wrong, inaccurate information. Occassionally gives incorrect wind direction, poor incomplete info re chance of precipitation.
Has stopped updating. Now Continously tries to update. No reply from tech to emails.
weatherbug elite use to be the best app around but not anymore. it constantlyvfails to update and load on startup and never refreshes it data. unless these issues are resolved i can only it 1 star. there are other programs out there that deliver the weather better then this program.
Network issues have resurfaced. Takes forever to update, if at all.
Doesn't update like before. Worked great until recently. What happened?
Like the app. Would prefer it if the alerts popped up less often. I read it and clear it and it will reappear with a minute or two.
it shows cloudy conditions when is raining outside.
Paid version keeps erroneously placing me in Alexandria VA, or Columbia, SC and giving conditions/warnings for these. OK except I'm in Birmingham....
Loved this app until it started forcing close everytime i tried to view the radar....very annoying
Ok but loads slow at times
Apps got better over time, still lags sometimes loading the one tile over or around you (annoying but happens only 10-15% of the time)
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
Thank you for the update. Finally works great again.
Nice widget, but continuous failures to load data make it unusable. I went back to Weather Channel widget. HTC EVO.
this thing locsin freezes up on me all the time
Constant force close at startup or when using radar. Temp fix by reinstalling or rebooting but problem quickly returns. Used to be a great app.
Constant force close at startup or when using radar. Temp fix by reinstalling or rebooting but problem quickly returns. Used to be a great app.
Need British version
This app is slow loading. Alerts are useful but can be annoying. Pictures from location are cool.
Wallpapper stopped working after update....locations working now....try again!
Said 90% chance of rain for Monday up until Monday morning when it suddenly switched to mostly sunny and 9% chance of rain. Highs off by 7 degrees
Said 90% chance of rain for Monday up until Monday morning when it suddenly switched to mostly sunny and 9% chance of rain. Highs off by 7 degrees
Haven't had any fc's. More responsive.
Live wallpaper not updating. Sent issue. We will see.
This application uninstalled on my Motorola Cliq, despite it being Android 2.1, saying that it's incompatible with my phone
The forecast for where I live is often well out, I have asked them for support and so far got nothing
Used to update temp on its own now it wont gets worse every day used to love it just a waist of space now
I wish it had live animation.
I want my refund, this app isnt working anymore, its not updating, its always showing the temp being 91. Please issue my refund.
Updates erratically. Does not find current location. Uses far, far more resources than it should. Not fit for a paid app.
Very disappointed with the latest update(s)... The wallpaper doesn't update unless you restart your phone. I used the to love this app...not now.
CONSIDERING WE ACTUALLY PAID FOR THIS APP YOU SHOULD MAKE SURE THE FREAKING MAP WIDGET WORKS. IT DOESN'T REFRESH
Been using a while. The elite widget is the best I've found. however... noticed recently the forecasts are way out in uk. Please fix!!
Loved this app until I paid for it and loaded latest version few days ago. Now I see this rev is useless as in other reviews. I don't use it now.
Was 5 stars up until today when they removed the hourly forecast. I didn't pay for an app for features to be removed!
**UNINSTALLED** Very unstable, always force closes, never gets location right, radar is horrible - hardly ever works. HTC thunderbolt.
Live wallpaper stopped updating after a day, radar widget is hours behind without manual update... COME ON ALREADY!
Application information is good but load times for the Radar are way too slow, even using WiFi. Animation is slow no matter what frame rate you choose
Has issue of being stuck on refreshing data more often then not. Wont even attempt connection...but can access Internet fine during then. -Inc2
Would rate this app higher, but when I close the program, it lingers in the background, consuming memory. I have all background update options off.
(7/23/11) Still good but broken. Stopped showing more than 2 lines of text on weather alerts about 4 or 5 weeks ago. Please fix!!!
Would be perfect if the vectors and lightening strikes would refresh when I hit the refresh button. Instead they never update.
Since the recent update, widget doesn't update weather unless I go into the app and refresh it. Many others experiencing same problem. MotoDroid 2.2.2
The latest updates finally addressed the FC issues with maps and fringe network coverage. Wonderful
Cool concept, but force closes a lot. Fails to load radar often. Would've expected better from a paid app. Droid X.
This program deserves 5 stars. I've been a fan of WeatherBug since its early days, & I still have it on my EVO 3D. The update fixed text alerts, BZ!
This last update was so bad that I will never use WeatherBug again for as long as I live.. Quick fix? How about hiring minimally competent ppl??
It would be excellent if radar and satillite was combined on map display to see clouds in real time. Three stars for now. I loved this app.
Has not worked after last two updates!
After 2.5.438 update it no longer starts at boot, forgets location preferences, forgets location, has difficulty finding my location (Maps and other apps no issues).
Ever since the recent update it is a bad app. Going to uninstall. It is a real shame because this app use to work great.
Note to the developer: Please make this app suck less. Used to be great. Now it's trash. Thank God for The Weather Channel app.
Worked fine until last update. Weather icons are wrong. When did sunny have a snowy icon? Please fix
Since the last release, the radar is working better. I will give it 5 stars in a few days if it stays working.
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
!! do not buy elite - it does not work any better than the free - it does not update your location - the # of stars on this app is misleading!
Widgets are terrible and updating breaks them. Otherwise ok. Wasn't worth the money.
Thank you for the update everything is working better than before the last update. Great app. Evo
Deleted my saved locations and now won't save them. Feedback sent. Was 4* before this, with one down for the radar sucking 80% of the time.
The animations are too choppy after the update. I'm on a new phone, shouldn't be this bad. At least give the option to turn off.
After new update the widgets aren't working. I have to delete and reinstall every few minutes. DX rooted
I like it, but down-graded it because it is another multi megabyte app that cannot be transferred to the SD card.
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
When is this gonna get updated?
After last updates I can only read first two lines of a "weather alert". WB has been told but no fix for over a month !
Works great. Sometimes the info doesn't always update.
Works great but alerts only show first line, fix so I can read em.
It would be nice if they would fix the radar. Zooming causes random crashes and when trying to animate the radar, only partial data is displayed.
I too have problems reading the alerts. Both on my EVO 4G, and on my new EVO 3D. Please fix.
Can't read alerts since latest update. Must now rely on other Wx apps. Was my fave weather app. HTC Evo.
Used to be a much better app. Constantly in the wrong location now and the widget seems to freeze up. D2G
The only issue is with the alerts getting cut off after the first line. If not for that 5 stars
Used to be great. No longer updates and constantly FCs on Droid X. I want my $ back.
This app seems to have been abandoned. Sure glad i bought it. NOT!!
This app seems to have been abandoned. Sure glad i bought it. NOT!!
great app but when alerts come I acknowledge them and they keep coming back makes my phone ring day and night
It fails rrpeatedly to upload the current temp. to the top of my Samsung Galaxy S.
Severe weather alerts BROKEN! Can only read the first line. EVO and EVO 3D... Currently under 3 warnings .. thanx for no help weatherbug!
Thought this was buggy,tried several other weather apps to discover they were worse. WB has most customization and weather stations so will keep. D2
Weatherbug continues to release quality updates. However after switching to CyanogenMod 7, there is no widget support anymore. Really dissapointing.
Would be nice to see the updates here too not just the amazon app store I paid for this app please sort it out
Force close too frequent while loading map image. Developers run amuk with this app. Epic 4G
Title says it all. What good are alerts if one can't read them? I can only read the first two lines of an alert and can barely see the top of the third line. Been like this for quite some time now. Please get this fixed. HTC Evo. 3 stars until fixed.
Title says it all. What good are alerts if one can't read them? I can only read the first two lines of an alert and can barely see the top of the third line. Been like this for quite some time now. Please get this fixed. HTC Evo. 3 stars until fixed.
Most recent update gives a perpetual "failed to update my location - no signal," even when my gps is on and 3g network in range. What gives? Nexus S
Has many great features but crashes all the time when looking at satellite view. They know its a problem but I've waited a month for a fix but no go.
Please update the Elite widget to fit the screen on the EVO 3D. Looks like a 3x1 widget.
Stop working, was buggy when it did work. Has cool features that is why i gave it three stars
Its a nice app, tons of info, love that there are multiple weather "stations" to choose from. Nice radar and maps section. I would use this app as my main weather app, but I just cant stand the GUI interface and color. Its just too "Windows XP".
Used to be a favorite, frequently used app. Rarely displays current temp any more. Radar has a 50/50 chance of opening. Not sure what's happening.
Constantly buggy, wish I'd never bought it. Text in weather warnings is truncated-great features gone bad.
This prduct does not work no radar. There is no button to touch. Very disappointed to pay for something and not be able to use it. I got ripped off
Would be perfect if animated radar worked better. Huge delay loading radar, only shows up in sections. Grrrrrr
Any longer then that and we all would have figured out we wasted $2. Rarely updates, widgets and notifications are usually wrong (and show completely different info), location has never worked right, only had 1 or 2 updates since November which fixed things for about a day before everything stopped working right. After getting into the habit of opening up my web browser to verify the usually wrong information from the app, I just decided to eliminate a step and uninstall this hunk of garbage.
Can't read alerts since last "fix" and only discovers my location ably 10% of the time.
still trying to figure out when it will tell me about lightning strikes near me like it did on my blackberries. I contacted customer support via email twice and have yet to hear back. It tells me the city I am in is always under thunder and lightning yet its sunny and nice out. Epic fail..........
App sucks, pay 1.99 for trash, does not update, push notifications are 20 mins late, the event could be over. Needs major overhaul to get me to use.
Has yet to download to my phone. After several attempts with company just gave up. Then tried with my wife's phone, same result.
Get the free app instead its the same you just get ads. Their customer service is terrible at best & app not working is common. Lg g2x.
Worked great until last update, never had any issues. Now when restarting my phone the app won't load data. Had to reinstall to get it to work. EVO
It's a good app. for me to know about pollen warnings. But my location won't open for storm warning in full info. Please fix the alert info. Thanks!
It use to work good. Now it doesnt update and force closes every time i open it.
Why are the alerts impossible to read? I have had issues with this not updating properly sometimes. Used to be my favorite weather app. Now... not so much.
What happened with the weather stations. For example Copenhagen, Denmark is gone... but it's there on the website!
The active wallpaper shows a map that does not include my actual location, and zooming out doesn't help. Just let me pick the radar site myself!
The active wallpaper shows a map that does not include my actual location, and zooming out doesn't help. Just let me pick the radar site myself!
Great app but will only show the 1st line of a weather alert... EVO 4G... If there's an alert I'd like to know about it...
Does not work on EVO. Shows only one line of weather alerts. Keeps shutting down. Deleted.
I've had this app for year how and it's gettin pretty crappy @ this point ! FC and not updating location on Moto Droid 2 , cum on dev. Fix this mess
The absolute worse paid program out there..constant errors and app shutting down...TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!!!
Awesome app, works perfect on my cliq 2. Love the radar that I can use for a background. 5 stars.
Won't work after last update. Alerts only show tiny bit of text, can't get important info. Radar force closes! Please fix!!!
They must get their server issues fixed. Half the time it won't fully load the maps. Every time I open the app its not the right city
FC on the radar like most everyone else. Had to rollback to previous version. OG Droid.
I was using it just fine for a while, but now it freezes and constantly FCs. Using HTC Thunderbolt. Please update. I would like to reinstall. I paid.
I was using it just fine for a while, but now it freezes and constantly FCs. Using HTC Thunderbolt. Please update. I would like to reinstall. I paid.
Was great. Doesn't work anymore. Inaccurate, unreliable. UPDATE: Now only loads the header information of alerts.
Since the last update I can only get weather for my location sporadicly. I live in Arkansas but got weather for somewhere in France for 2 days.
Alerts getting cut off on HTC EVO since latest updates..have tried to re install same thing...annoying
HTC ariea* radar won't loop, crashes and not very efficient..if bugs were out it would be worth it. WAIT. JUST TAKE THE FREE ONE
good app but needs to be fixed. everytime it says: "failed to load data. tap to update". nexus one os 2.2
Plz quit trying to "optimize performance"... If I wanna wait 30 secs, let me. HTC Inc
It stays on and kills your battery unless u turn off constant updating. Also, it told me the weeks weather & changed the forecast for the whole week.
Widgets don't work correctly. Says It's going to be 98 and snowing on Monday, June 13, 2011 here in Kansas. ???
Widgets don't work correctly. Says It's going to be 98 and snowing on Monday, June 13, 2011 here in Kansas. ???
Widgets don't work correctly. Says It's going to be 98 and snowing on Monday, June 13, 2011 here in Kansas. ???
:)
:)
Should have stuck with free version. Can't get radar, which was the reason I bought it. Get to work on it.
Pretty sad when the free version works better than paid one. Had the same issues when I used weatherbug on my BlackBerry. No push notifications???
Ok, but doesn't track location and the radar never shows anything here in the UK. Looking for something better.
I would rate it higher but, I can't get the thing to use the weatherbug station 2000 ft. from my house anymore. I had it on my old phone.
Love everything EXCEPT animated radar. Keeps lowering animation frames to "optimize performance" even though everything is working fine.
Love everything EXCEPT animated radar. Keeps lowering animation frames to "optimize performance" even though everything is working fine.
This update is terrible for veiwing alerts. They are cut off after only one line of text. Uninstall, and cleared cache, reinstalled and still broken.
I hate to give only 2 star, but the follow me part of this program is crap. It needs to be constant gps, leave network alone because data seems to
Needs help updateing. It just won't update on its own, should work like email. When it works maps and info are great.
Getting a force close operation regularly when viewing animated radar. (Droid Incredible) Otherwise I would rate 5 stars.
Getting a force close operation regularly when viewing animated radar. (Droid Incredible) Otherwise I would rate 5 stars.
Works pretty well most of the time. Today it says Im in Walvis Bay, Namibia! Wrong....
force closes a lot .. HTC incredible. Uninstalled/installed SO many times.. paid for it.. sad.
Works great on my other Droid phones, but forces closes/ crashes on HTC Thunderbolt.
To fix the radar issue, reinstall the program. It will load instantanrously. Rating 3 stars for the time being.
The errors when viewing the map hindered me when chasing storms in central Kansas today
Would be five stars but since previous update, radar doesn't load correctly. If radar worked, it would be the best weather app available.
Unusable. Force Closes constantly. Don't purchase. Use the free version, much better
Crashes on my Driod X also. I'm somewhat used to the app hanging/loading radar slowly. Crashing is new. Please send a fix!
Like the app but they don't check their updates before they push them. The last few cause "force close".
Terrible. Bad storms in our area and all it would do is force close when I tried to use it to track the storms.
Right when I needed it this p.o.s. isn't working. FC ing on radar. I live east of okcity and had to get mycast. A proven platform that works. Wut crap
WB has completely failed me during a time of need. 3 tornados on the ground in my immediate area & WB FC repeatedly! What happened to this great app??
Life or death situations this app will leave u dead if u dare trust to rely on it!!!!!!!!!!!
Crashes constantly even after uninstall and reinstall. Droid X with latest OS update May 24 2011.
Nice design and cool widget, but not accurate in metro detroit. Will say its raining when theres not a cloud in the sky all day and vice versa.
Used to work well now radar does not work and force closes a lot. Worthless.
Used to work well now radar does not work and force closes a lot. Worthless.
Crashed my phone Motorola Droid. Use to work perfect. Now it's just horriable! I don't download it untill its fixed.
Worked great until recently there is a bug in the radar forecloses please fix soon
For some reason there is no widget, and I have to click on upgrade through the old weatherbug. Really don't see much difference between elite and free
Great Weather app but for some reason currently having connection issues. Gingerbread 2.3.4 uninstalled until fixed.
The radar hardly ever loads correctly, it's usually missing many sections, and the map in motion is ten times worse
The radar hardly ever loads correctly, it's usually missing many sections, and the map in motion is ten times worse
Come on weather bug its 70 outside not 34 in Texas ... if ya don't fix it ill find something else
Great app BUT maps widget will not load. Stays white on my home screen until I remove and re-add it. Works for a bit then happens again.
Great app BUT maps widget will not load. Stays white on my home screen until I remove and re-add it. Works for a bit then happens again.
It's ok, but it keeps saying its raining when its not. The forecast may call for rain but dont say its raining if its not. Please Fix.
Works great except for the radar being a little choppy and slow. Even over wifi. Htc tbolt.
Works about 1 in 2 times its used. VERY slow, even with 4g(uses gps ant.) Better off sticking your head outside like humans have since time began.
The app will not find my location. Have to manually choose it now..app used to be reall good a few months ago
I've been testing this for 2 weeks...it works better but still buggy since last update! Droid2
I had the regular version and I honestly can't tell if there's a difference. It doesn't always automatically open and sometimes it has issues.
updated to elite and have had nothing but problems. Now after having the elite for weeks it is telling me I did not purchase it and it will not run
Follow Me has improved greatly in the latest update. A few more FCs than I'd like and radar fails to load quite often. Raise to 3 Stars now. Epic 4g!
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
Not bad...bug turns off lighting setting. Also need zoom setting on widget, and more radar product alternatives. Faster updates needed for alerts.
Not bad...bug turns off lighting setting. Also need zoom setting on widget, and more radar product alternatives. Faster updates needed for alerts.
Fixed force close when radar map is viewed but since there is no rain today I have been unable to test map animation.
Overall a great app, and I would normally give it 5 stars, but it seems the latest version wont sync 'My Location'.
We need to b able 2 pick this apps weather alert notification tone. Also we need 2 b able to pull up the weather alert details in the app like My Cast
FC every time I use radar I knew I shouldn't have uptdated please fix ASAP I use this a lot but now unless
Getting better, but shouldn't take several months to come out with updates for major problems.
When I'm scrolling through an alert please stop resetting me to the top of the page. Just show an hourglass if you're not done loading it yet.
The radar imaging is very useful. Problems associated with recent update appear to have been resolved.
The radar imaging is very useful. Problems associated with recent update appear to have been resolved.
Does not find the right location for me and will not pull up radar since the update. Tried to remove update and it will not run at all then.
With the latest update it wont even open map force closes everytime mytouch 4g android 2.2.1_
The newest update still didn't fix the radar and when you pay for an app you expect it to work
Now this was working just fine but now since the last update it wont work!! WTF!!
Ever since I opened the radar it force closes everytime I try to just open the app
Galaxy s. Was working good but started force closing. When I tried to view radar.
This app is horrible. The radar hasnt worked worth a crap in weeks. I want my money back. Updates just make it worse. G2
Since auto update ran this AM on 4-27 I can't open the app. Need a fix or refund app fee for WB Elite. Droid2
Removed one star! I rely on this app for my business. since the last update it force quits when viewing radar & location error messages on refresh!
Has worked awesome until last update. Now radar doesnt load correctly and today it force closes when I open the application.
Used to force close on animated radar all the time. Animated radar still updates funny(4 quadrants) and sometimes only a few show up. Gett'n better.
In the mits of a terrible storm, live radar forces close when I need it most . What the deal is?
Buttons and features are nice but radar and radar in motion never seem to load or move all the way. Pretty frustrating.
It was 5 stars, but after the recent update radar maps are slow to load or don't load. Very buggy. Moto Droid
It was 5 stars, but after the recent update radar maps are slow to load or don't load. Very buggy. Moto Droid
Ive had a few force closes since the update, my map never loads properly, whether 3g or wifi. Just want it workin again! its better than TWC. Droid X
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
I am in Arkansas right now and there is a servere weather event going on.. this app please allow me to turn off weatherbug dangerous weather alert boy
Latest update dies on maps...get it fixed people! There is no way to drop back a rev.
Latest update dies on maps...get it fixed people! There is no way to drop back a rev.
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
Worked fine until today's update. Now, won't open at all, force crash every time. Evo 4g.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
Best weather app, but map widget is still too small! After update widget can't be stretched to full screen with LauncherPro or ADW!
No difference between elite and free app that I've seen still a good app though very useful
Updated rating to 3 stars. This update seems to have resolves the kinks I was having. Am still watching to see how it behaves.
Still having update issues. Says their is no signal when their is. Opening the app updates it instantly.
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
Great app but has the worst time displaying weather maps especially loops. Often shows only patches and not the whole map.
When I first installed paid WB, it worked great. Now several times a day it loses connection (even when I have 4-5 bars). It is very slow to (manually) reconnect. I am most likely going to unstall, as this is unacceptable.
love this, but newest update got rid of hour by hour forecasts in the calendar section. Bring it back!
liked it for a long time now it will not update when I go from town to town.Also it struggles to update temp along with everything else. Disappointed!
Trash. It was better before the update. I don't need it running in the background. Forces my phone to crash
Only 3 stars due to the radar loop not working correctly. If that is fixed, 4-5 stars.
WTF, just updated and the widget is now forcasting SNOW for today in Taunton UK, and thats after opening the app twice, worst than before, please fix!
The new update doesn't update update conditions unless you refresh by hand same problem with the update of the update
Excellent thanks, they responded to our protest so they are back to 5 stars. Radar works much better than before. Moto Droid 1
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
After updates it doesn't run anymore just freezes up phone. Uninstalling it & I paid for mine...rip off
Nice app great for weather but the wallpaper keeps fc (that's why I bought) hopefully will improve
Nicely designed. Weather info isn't as accurate as Weather Channel app. Hourly precip percentages are pretty much useless.
Don't buy this. Weather doesn't update. Tired of these issues, which have been occurring for months! Thanks for taking my money!
Don't buy this. Weather doesn't update. Tired of these issues, which have been occurring for months! Thanks for taking my money!
I would give 5 stars, but the active wallpaper doesnt work on my HTC G2
I would give 5 stars, but the active wallpaper doesnt work on my HTC G2
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
For it's small area of the planet, (mostly the US) it works great. But it looks from the locations in weather bug that it's world is small and limited. Don't go looking for weather in the Caribbean. Or anywhere in the South Seas.
Was fantastic, but ceased automatically updating weather and location with Android 2.2; no signs of life from developers
Great features. Better b4 I upgraded tho. On my GTab it marks my loc 100 mi north of my actual loc. (Other apps get it right.) Works on my DX tho.
Works ok on 2.1 Captivate but widget burns battery due to excessive partial wake lock especially if network is down
It would be nice to move to sd card. year to date on the rain not working. Droid x
Just reinstalled and it seems to be working now. Wonder how long it will last. Samsung Mesmerize.
Use to work real good. Now it never seems to update and force closes a lot. Shame I spent $ on it.
Works ok. Temp on notification bar rarely updates until app is opened. Still a little buggy, but better than most
Works ok. Temp on notification bar rarely updates until app is opened. Still a little buggy, but better than most
Works ok. Temp on notification bar rarely updates until app is opened. Still a little buggy, but better than most
Good app love the web cam feature
Good app love the web cam feature
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Not sure what all the complaints are about, this app works perfect on my Droid X and has since i installed in January 2011
The widget never agrees with the app itself. If you look at the widget then go into the app it always says something different.....which one is right?
I like it but it never updates on droid 2. Have to open app unlike twc.
By far the best Weather application on the market. I'm an over the road truck driver. It has its bugs but works.
The radar update is buggy and wayyy too slow. Automatic updates do not work. Support is totally useless.
Won't find my location and keeps defaulting to my hometown 3 hours away from where I live. Frustrating and annoying.
Not bad. It has 3 widget styles and allows control of font and background color. I receive fail to update notifications constantly on my EVO:(
Would love to be able to change the time in the status bar notification to military time.
Prefer this over the Weather Channel app. It is quicker and has more options. Use on upgraded Hero.
3 stars until you fix automatic refresh on temps. And no... Changing the program settings is not the fix. Stays the same, unless u manually refresh.
Very buggy. Force closes and freezes up a lot. Would be great if there were not sooo many bugs ..... HTC evo
I have to refresh myself......temp stays the same. Very annoying...pry should have rated a 1. Need to fix this bug fast.
Why won't the live Doppler weather wallpaper or widget work when showing radar in Hawaii. A map shows up....but no radar.
Good when it works , but doesn't update reliable and locks up my Droid if i don't get my passcode in before it starts when I turn the phone on
Does not follow my location, and usually fails to update temperature. Waste of money...will look for a new weather program.
Often will not load data and I cannot find the radar. I bought this app for the radar but there is not one. Don't buy this app if you want radar.
I personally love weatherbug elite...its accurate w/in a min,or right on time,&its very accurate2the weather. The more updates the more u can do! Kinz
App locks up, (fails to load), way too much! Requires a force close or removal and re-installation of the app. Good app, otherwise.
Used to give accurate forecasts and descriptions and now for whatever reason they are completely wrong!
Hey, here is problem with weatherbug elite has connection out. I did uninstall then reinstall again. Still problem
Hey, here is problem with weatherbug elite has connection out. I did uninstall then reinstall again. Still problem
This app used to be much faster and more reliable. Now it loads like an Apple II, and force closes constantly. Thinking about uninstalling. Blarf.
was working fine the other day now it does not bring up forecast. Says loading info please wait. Forecast never shows
Live wallpaper is laggy when playing. It barely shows which direction the cell is moving. On vibrant
Auto-update has been broken for quite a while now... Good otherwise, but have to manually update for it to be useful :(
This app is clean and professional. However it doesn't work to well for me as I'm in a very rural location, and the nearest data / predictions are for a city nearly 20 miles away. With no option to change that. ANY app which uses GOOGLE or NWS will work for me. But not this network. Thanks anyhow.
Auto update of the notification and Widgets is broken. This App is useless until they fix it.
This app has been broken for over a month now with the manual update bug. FIX IT! changed my review to 1 star until this is fixed.
Was a great app until it stopped following my location and updating automatically. Have to do a manual refresh now if i want up to date info.
This app used to be great. Now it doesn't update even when I click refresh. It says 58 degrees but it is 72.
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
The app is fine, but it's frustrating to see my PC's WeatherBug showing the correct temperature and I have to force a Refresh to get my Droid X to catch-up.
Nice looking app with cool features, but temp is often off by 5-10°, so useless to me.
This app sucks. Half the time my radar don't even work. I've got to zoom all the way out almost to the point I can't even see my location
It's ok freezes up all the time when I zoom in on the map. Need to fix that problem.
Updates from within the app, but will not allow me to add widget on my homescreen.. I hope they fix this because this is a decent weather app
Updates from within the app, but will not allow me to add widget on my homescreen.. I hope they fix this because this is a decent weather app
It won't download or install and then tells me it can't process my refund. I don't know what to do now.
Widget hasn't been updating recently (motodroid 2.2 & 2.3). Otherwise a pretty solid app.
For an app I paid for, I am disapointed. Alerts don't come through half the time. Main reason I picked this app.
Great app, but... The radar won't animate on Nexus One running Froyo 2.2.2, but other than that I really like everything else about this app.
Kind of works, we have just had the wettest month on record and it says it never rained...
Wish it updated in faster intervals and it constantly stops updating, I have to go into the app and refresh for it to start again
Agree with Bill. Radar loops never load, even on wifi connection. Looking for a better weather app.
Agree with Bill. Radar loops never load, even on wifi connection. Looking for a better weather app.
Agree with Bill. Radar loops never load, even on wifi connection. Looking for a better weather app.
Used to update weather 100% of the time, but past few downloads have given very spotty performance. Not being able to update is a constant problem.
The radar map is frozen and the updates for my location have to be manually refreshed even with notifications set to 30 minute refresh.
Weather alerts do not match my displayed location. I live in PA..getting alerts from NY!! Worthless.
Great app if it followed your location realtime and refreshed like it is suppose to.
Works great awesome customization on widgets and notification worth the 2 washingtons
Worked better when I had for free. Bought app and now I have no wind speed and no auto temp updates
Wxbug elite has been slow & inaccurate for last few weeks. Not happy & must not remmend at this time on 01.26.11.
Since update phone to OS 2.2 seems to force close alot. No recent updates- gave my location as sault ste Marie, Canada. Samsung Acclaim.
Most comprehensive and useful weather app out there. Only problems are that it doesn't update like it should and bogs down my phone on startup.
Works ok. Surprised I can't easily find something as basic as expected snowfall total
Has started crashing all the time.location image hasn't changed for over 6 months. Not exactly up to date......
Please fix the weather alerts. This app will give you alerts that are not for your location. Very annoying and I have to go somewhere else for alerts
Please remove the 'feature' that allows the app to reduce the number of radar animation frames in order to 'increase performance.'
When I originally installed it worked great!! After the first update it all went to hell!! Have to manually update all the time! Reinstalling 3rd tm
It "Failed To Load" every night. DroidX and Droid2. It will not refresh on the Droid2 and has to be uninstalled and reinstalled. Uninstalling 4 good.
Was great until Follow stopped following. Tried the add-on, no joy. Moto Droid X. Get this fixed, its why I paid for it.
Update stopped working after a week. Average weather app, nothing special about it.
Update stopped working after a week. Average weather app, nothing special about it.
Was 5 star till update, now won't load right sluggish batt drainer while running in background loading data slower then before update, please fix- 2.1
Was 5 star till update, now won't load right sluggish batt drainer while running in background loading data slower then before update, please fix- 2.1
New update fixed every problem I had with this app. Simply amazing! Keep it up :).
For me: not enough extra or quicker vs the free version...should have saved my money
This app was great until last update now it is slow even with wifi so slow I usually give up. Captivate
Really thinking of finding another weather app...doesn't follow me anymore...doesn't like to start when turn phone on...no updates in a long time...
Questionable accuracy. Installed on 2 phones and got different current conditions from the same source. Also get conditions that are obviously wrong.
This used to be my favorite weather app, but as there is still no UK radar layer, I have moved to another app.
Need to fix for HTC Incredible. Used to work great but, since past couple of updates it sucks. Freezes up constantly and won't update weather.
I used to love this but the quality has declined in recent releases. It wont find my location any more and has issues related to updating its data.
I'm getting alerts but they are for the wrong county. Please fix this. Not any good to me this way.
I'd give it 5 but ever since I upgraded to Elite it's been failing to update about 50% of the time. I'd like this to be fixed. Droid Eris
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
I also used to like this app. It no longer automatically syncs. Something seems to be wrong with their servers or the app.
I was originally happy with this app but lately it doesn't follow me. The location only updates if I open the app. Was 5 stars.
I was originally happy with this app but lately it doesn't follow me. The location only updates if I open the app. Was 5 stars.
I was originally happy with this app but lately it doesn't follow me. The location only updates if I open the app. Was 5 stars.
Alerts won't work!!! Would really like this feature fixed. It has caused me to start looking into other weather apps.
Alerts won't work!!! Would really like this feature fixed. It has caused me to start looking into other weather apps.
Best weather app but having some notification interface syncing issues. Would also like to see more accurate radar and live cams for 5 stars.
I installed this twice, a week apart. Both times it doesnt find my location and wont add widget on screen.
Stopped updating temps all of a sudden. Used to be a perfect app, now not so good.
Works lie supposed to on Vibrant. But Widgets are not working at all. The only one that works is maps. Please fix this! Only reason why I upgraded
Had problems adapting to another country. ***Completely failed now and I uninstalled it. Needs work. Waste of money as it is.
No longer works on samsung intercept since android 2.2.1 update. It was about a 4.5 quality app before it stopped working. :(
Works great. Does e everything it should. I just wish it had some cool animation.
Not updating weather and location since latest app update. Old version worked great. Please roll back or fix
3 hour update interval in map widget unless manually refreshed? That sucks... let us configure the interval plz!
This app works pretty good on my Droid X with Verizon but does have issue with finding your current location and updating information.
notification doesnt work. says "loading data, plz wait" & never loads. & hr by hr isnt updated. 52 @ 9 pm & says it will be 57 @ 10. droid x froyo 2.3
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
Drains battery & extremely inaccurate weather updates, ie clear when its been snowing all day! Rubbish!
Still not updating in the background for the widget. Worked great for a few days, then quit. EVO
I drive truck cross country and this great for long distance weather reports. I put in all the mountain pass towns in the extra location settings
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
UI is so so. Performance is laggy and slow at times. Forecasts are accurate though.would like to see a severe WX alert in notification bar.
UI is so so. Performance is laggy and slow at times. Forecasts are accurate though.would like to see a severe WX alert in notification bar.
Great weather app... Love how the weather is always displayed @ top of status bar... Must have!! Epic 4G
It doesn't follow me... It has a lot problems to load too. Its very annoying!
I was happy until i just noticed when it's -8 it just shows 8 in the notification bar. Pretty lame for a paid app
Widget does not update at the interval u specify. U have to open WB before it will update. Please fix. Follow me doesnt work either.
Widget does not update at the interval u specify. U have to open WB before it will update. Please fix. Follow me doesnt work either.
Works but often gets stuck trying to find location even though I have 4 bars. Drains battery if I don't notice that.
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
Does not update as scheduled. "Follow me" does not work. Status bar temp does not update.
Pretty good, but it really needs a 15 day. Currently only supports 7 day forecast. It would also be great to have different skins for the app.
This app worked just fine untill the last update. I paid for this app, and now it force closes all the time or just plain jams up my phone. Please fix
Often problems updating today's weather...sometimes shows yesterday as current day...worked better on my blackberry
Wont work anymore! Its a shame as I thought this was a brilliant app Tells forecast all.over world
Not updating at all so now a useless app right now on desire HD. Please fix
After update follow me tracking and current conditions page doesn't work. Please fix NOW
Since updates will randomly stop my nexus from entering sleep mode and starts burning battery. Reverted to pre-update versions and all works fine.
Laggy radar and that's I re ally use got rod of this and use my cast
Wind speed and direction indicator stopped working after update. Droid incredible
It is 1 degree celcius here? All week? It feels like minus 17. And by the way why is everything frozen outside? It is 1 degree celcius right?
I paid for this app and I don't get the level of service I expected. The info does not update automatically most of the time.
It does not update hourly like it supposed to. Had to go into app to update to current temp.
Long time Elite user but as of late the weather has been almost 40° off! I downloaded 4 other FREE weather apps that were right on the money!! Evo
Be better if widget on top showed more than just temp ex : clouds sunshine rain etc
Weather maps (radar) do not always load or partly load. Driod x sometimes gets force close
Love the new update...about time an app utilizes the beautiful ability of my EVO's screen.
Won't work after the update. Says I have to buy it even though I bought it months ago and have been using it without major problems until now.
Love this app but since last update it will not open or place widgets on home screen. Fix and will change back to 5 star
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Weather map graphics don't load completely, especially after hiring the play button.
Unlike the other weather widgets, this is the only one that seems to work well. But text on widget is too small to read.
Radar map VERY SLOW to load after the new update!! Wish I could go back to old version. Please fix!!
The new update stinks. It force closes everytime you animate the radar. It also force closes sometimes at random. The rest of the stuff works good.
I love this app! Totally worth the $...I live in AZ but have fam& friends in areas that get bad weather&I like being able to see wx 4 where they are.
Was great now it displays all weird. Icons are missing at bottom of apparently on current page nothing lines up. Tried reloading it is still messed up
It only asks to purchase the first time you open it after update. Stop freaking out kids, it works fine after that.
It only asks to purchase the first time you open it after update. Stop freaking out kids, it works fine after that.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
Doesn't always work, wanna see weather that's coming on radar.....not what's already passed! The weather channel app is better, and FREE!!!!!!!!
Doesn't always work, wanna see weather that's coming on radar.....not what's already passed! The weather channel app is better, and FREE!!!!!!!!
It always searches for location and won't load it. I think its great when it works.
The widget tiny (on my tablet at least) and won't resize correctly.  Other than I haven't noticed that the accuracy differs much with other apps or that the app is particularly slow.
Radar works occasionally. Forecast has been inaccurate lately. I'm on an older android (DX), so my phone may not be handling updates properly. Either way, works better than TWC app.
Font size in notification bar is way to small, hard to read so please fix in next update soon.
Weather info great. Scrolling in locations is poor--needs fixing. Droid Razr
I like this app. Very accurate
Ok I've had this thing for a year and now all of a sudden it has me at least 50 miles away from where I actually am!  This app is starting to be useless.
I would the ability to enable more than one weather layer.  If you travel a lot this app can greatly facilitate planning those activities that are dependent on weather conditions.
Idk what everyone else is talking about, but it works for me! And the free version has ads, id much rather pay that buck or 2 to get rid of the annoying ads!
I can't run the radar on the very high animation, ever just the high. It closes itself out. Why!? Please fix then 5 star.
Needs updating though. Issues on Jelly Bean. Location tracking fails frequently and app has to be forcibly restarted. This is consistent behavior on my nexus7.
I have tried them all and Wetherbug elite is one of the best. Good graphics and easy to add locations. S Auto sync usually fails so needs a manual update and tends to be pesimistic
I had the free version for over a year. Few bugs or problems, so I decided it was time to get rid of the ads and purchase the elite version. Thanks to the developers who made a simple but very useful application!
It really bothers me that the back button always closes the app, instead of going to the previous screen
simple, easy ui... accurate info. i work outdoors, i need a dependable weather app. WB elite is perfectly fine
Not too bad.
Some things broken on qHD resolutions. Please fix.
Fb updates don't work,  have tried.
Works well in the US but not so much abroad. The look and feel is dated and the widgets are ugly.
For the best results...select the closest station. During inclimant weather, the radar works poorly at times.  But, by far the best I have found.
The widget doesn't update sometimes and when I tap to refresh it doesn't refresh. 5 star with that issue being fixed.
can you please fix widget on Galaxy S3... doesn't fit screen  properly
The app force closes when going into preferences. Nexus on 4.1.1
On all phones I use. :( gb CIS.
Just recently lost the temp at the top of the main screen.  Sup with that.  Everything else is very good.
Needs 4g support it forces 3g
What happened this extremely slow on both my phone and tablet that are both ICS.  PLEASE FIX!!
The app constantly freezes and becomes unresponsive when trying to load the animated radar.
All of the competition (TWC, AccuWeather, etc.) offer a 10+ day outlook.  This would be 5 stars if it had one too.   Please add.
I've been a pretty loyal fan of this app, buy seriously the radar needs work..its VERY LAGGY, and not the most accurate..once loaded and you hit play it completely disappears and takes forever too start looping..this has never been fixed, and NEEDS to be fixed, then 5 star for sure
Loads quickly. I can get to the weather map quickly. Updates used to be frequent, which is essential for outdoor activities here in thunderstorm country.  Lately, it is often 30 minutes out of date - useless!
Needs tablet optimized layout, and higher quality videos. Then 5 stars.
I would give this more stars but the radar has failed me when a tornado was headed right for my location. Couldn't see anything for miles.
Worth the money.
Had this app on my droid 1 and now have it on my droid bionic. 3 years still doesn't show  precipitation!!! PLEASE FIX!!
Keep updating!
I have jelly bean on my nexus and I can't use the share feature anymore other than that this app is awesome
Been great on my other devices, but with the galaxy s3 it has few glitches like freezing the whole phone when trying to exit app and when phone goes to sleep while app is open will occasionally freeze phone. Hope will be fixed soon.
I use this app daily and it fits all my needs.  But please remove the little gear icon on the widget, also an option for a current weather condition on the widget would be nice.
Please update the graphics on this app.  Its been the same since 1.0
Would like to see some improvements made to radar. Where it will load a little faster
Great app. Needs multiple rafar layers.  Please address!
Updates have broken and then fixed problems. After being frustrated by this for the longest time, I am now satisfied with current release. Seems to be the most stable version yet.
Works great
Right now, at 10:40pm on July 13, 2012 in Cleveland, Ohio, this app is telling me it is 37 degrees outside.  Really??  It's actually 77.  Ridiculous.  Fix this now.
Would be better if Preference had the capability to enlarge font size on the status bar!
Would be better if Preference had the capability to enlarge font size on the status bar!
This is a great app that I use daily.
Great 4 updating u on the weather.
Great app love my weather bug
it needs an option for hd. I would probably watch it if it was not so grainy and blurry
no hurricane tracking or sat pics , whattabout a map layer option with doppler & clouds
But!  The National Forecast people ALWAYS stand in front of Florida!  Totally ignores most of the southeast.  The only mention this time was... "Miami 84"  WTF? I live in Florida!  Move so I can see the map!
Great app! Will give it a 5 if they eliminate that black menu bar at bottom of screen on some ICS phones.
Great satelite. Very accurate
Asinine interface. Frequently crashes. Forgets preset, default city.
I like the widget too
Does not update date anymore. Please fix
I bought this the second I got my phone. had webos version. this is quite a lot clumsier, but good.
Tried lots of weather apps, like this one best since it actually works. The interface is starting to look a little dated, but it still works ok. The widgets are ugly, but functional.
Great
I wish when animating the radar, the frames would freeze at the end on the newest frame instead of going to the first frame and stopping. I would rather see current radar longer than the past. Conditions aren't always accurate. It could be storming outside and the app will say partly cloudy. *update* July update fixed the looping issue on radar. Weatherbug gains a star!
Needs alert filtering, every day has an air quality alert and those either need to be able to be filtered out or have some other notification icon.
I've got the paid version and the only bug I've noticed is that every time I swipe on from standby, the status bar widget never updates the temperature on its own. I've always got to 'tap to reload'. It might be my aggressive task killer though, I've yet to confirm.
Doesn't save my location after update. DROIDX.
Works great! Can't live without it!
Just wish the icon was readable!
I'd like it to be a little more customisable, especially the notifications.
This is no different than the free version.
Good app. Great for detailed weather information. Lots of maps and Web cams. Only thing I would improve on is the incorporation of the back button. Right now pushing the button takes you out of the app instead of to what you were previously doing. Other than that it's a solid app.
Why does it pause on the first animated slide?  It should just flash through and pause on the last slide instead.
Love this app, works well and timely weather alerts. Wish they would add moon phase and rise and set times too.
I love the alerts and the neighborhood weather data vs stock HTC weather at the airport, but the widget looks poor in ICS.
Had wb free on 2 Droids for 4 yrs. Free with ads started geting slow. Got elite even though reviews against it. On my HTC incredible, no 4g, is much faster than free. I totally agree with the complaints about radar loop ending at start & not current. That should never happen, but It's been doing the same on free version for a few weeks. Other areas seem just as before.
The free one is just as good  don't spend money on it
It doesn't update and I paid for the elite smd still have ads. Free program was better. Am going to have to uninstall.
Its a good app my only complaint is the temp in the status bar is a little small on my razr maxx.  Is hard to see.
Wish radar was better and location would be more accurate but overall a good app
I've tried others but I keep coming back to the Bug!
Is great work I like alot
Good app!
Please fix the notification so that we can select which kinds of warnings we want to hear about and I'll gladly add a star to this rating.  The main reason I downloaded and paid for this app so that I wouldn't be caught in a storm.  Having to turn the notification off defeats that purpose and thus makes me feel a little ripped off about spending money on this app. I'm getting tired of hearing alerts for air quality levels in my area.  Unless there's a thunderstorm or snowstorm coming I really don't care.
Great app
The best weather app I've tried and I've tried a number if them. Spent the couple $ on the ad free version as the pop up ads were annoying. Would like to see a radar/ cloud setting feature and not have to choose between the two.
Love this app, but I want the animation to continue running when I change the zoom level.
A needed feature is the ability to test the severe weather alert notification. At the moment, I don't know what it will sound like  / how effective it will be until I get an actual severe weather alert.
App works great and does its job. Although it does look a little cheap and plasticky. Overall app does its job, and for 2$ who can complain?
This app is great and I have always used weatherbug on my computers BUT, it is hot here in Maryland already today and the humidity and heat index are through the roof yet, weatherbug does not update either. It always states the temperature and just dashes for the humidity and heat index (or real feel). Using Galaxy Exhibit 4G with wireless network (25mb cable) connection.
If it has air quality, I can't find it. I want something for my 81-year-old mother's Nexus One, but with her breathing problems, I definitely want ozone & particulates.
I find the radar works pretty well. Id give it five stars if the app updated the UV index once in a while. The other day it was pouring down rain and it said the UV index was 11 extreme.
Same thing as the free verson. Should not have spent my money on this.
App is most of the time my favorite. I would like you to put on the map what the colors blocks mean when there is a weather watch or warning
The UI is kind-of ugly (the blue is just bad), but the functionality is good and the maps are great.
I haven't updated since purchase over a year ago. Still works great. Don't update apps anymore, less issues that way.
It force closes every time I look at the radar. Fix this I paid for it!
Widget is great, as is performance. Works perfect on phones, good on tablets. Once this gets a nice visual update to holo, 5★
LOVE this app. Worked spectacularly on my EVO, but it is slower and locks up on my Moto RAZR. Please please please fix.
Would be five stars if I could change the notification background color back to default ICS color.
Te only current issue is that the animated radar map pauses on the 1st panel and not on the last.
Failed to load data seems to be fixed. It's got a great interface.
Works well.
Everything's great, but in the ICS notifications drop-down, it looks super ugly with a light grey background. Why can't it simply match the ICS styling?
Lags a little but great program.
Won't install latest update that gives permission to automatically start at boot. I'll open app when I need it. Too many open apps drain the battery & can cause system instability (many auto reboots -aurgh!).
This is great but since the upset to 4.0.4 for my nexus the background color in the notification is a light gray instead of the dark great it is suppose to be.
The radar tricked me into thinking a storm was just blocks away. After several minutes had passed, and not a drop of rain had fallen, the radar was showing me well within the storm! For comparison, I downloaded Radar Now!, and that app was much more accurate. If I had known to trust that app instead of this one, I would have known I had enough time to mow the lawn. Lesson learned!
Pretty good, even in my remote location
I've tried other apps but I keep coming back to Weather Bug.  Its easy to set up, doesn't hog the battery or ram.  I think this has one has one of the best radar maps as well.
I've seen my share of flaky weather apps on iPhone ipad and android. The look of the app seems like a high school kids HTML project but it is reliable and functional.
In live wallpaper it doesn't follow my location!
I have installed and uninstalled several weather apps, and this one is by far the most accurate and user-friendly. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who asked!
Invaluable app. Captivate
Excellent app
This app is GREAT!  I am SO glad I tried this!  I only wish the radar was a bit more responsive and I'd give it five stars.  Other free weather apps harvest your personal info in order to be 'free'.  This is SO worth the three bucks!
Have this error on all of my devices now. Please fix, and will be 5 stars.
The app is pretty good, the radar has been easy to use, and I like the access to web cams.  However, I went with elite primarily for the lightning info, but it usually doesn't display even though nldn shows it.  Raw metar would be nice to view, too.
3 different phones & all this does is force close. Tornadoes in my area & can't even rely on this app. Developer needs to listen to its customers NOW!
Stable app,  easy to use.  I wold request that the app had better support for tablets because the buttons and icons are so small.  Please bring the iOS interface to the android app as it looks much better!
But won't get five stars until they change the interface to bring it into the 2010s.
Anyone else having trouble with 2x2 widget? It stops working after a day or two, have to remove and re-add to fix. Samsung Galaxy 10 tab.
Just wish the forecast would go beyond 7 days... (Weather Channel has a 10 day forecast).
Every time i reopen the app the map does not revert back to its previous state and i have to zoom way in.
The radar layers don't seem to work all the time. But one of the better weather apps.
Is a great app on my myTouch 4G does what it should
Allow MOVE TO SD!  Many of us with carrier-provided bloatware are running out of space and need the SD option.
Love this application!
Had no problems since  upgrading from the free version. Location worked first time. Can be a bit slow at times, but otherwise a great app.
Good app, tells me everything I need to know just has trouble finding my location sometimes
This app works fine with my Alcatel Venture from Virgin Mobile. I really like the icon on the upper left corner. It's simple. Also live weather cams work smoothly. The thing I don't like about this app is the size. It's too big and I can't move it to my SDHC card. After the last update it added 2.86MB.
Anyone else having trouble w/this app not showing the temp on the top of the screen on the status bar?
Best app I found for weather....  motodroid razor
5 stars if I can control the weather with this app lol
Could you please make the back button not take you out of the app but just back to the last screen?
Fairly correct weather in Europe, nice visuals
One of my top 2. Also check out 1weather
But it lacks the hourly temperature graph that the basic android weather app has.
They respond quick and fast. Have had this as a paid app since I've been on Android. Best weather app by far. Best radar also. Everything loads quickly, GNex on Sprint.
Only issue is occasional failure to update, even with manual update. Been using for years now. HTC Glacier.
Would be nice to view multiple layers at the same time
Gets the info you want quickly and presents it well.
Nice program & pretty accurate
Fairly comprehensive settings let you prevent battery drain. Good interactive radar, and web cam entries give a peek outside. Would be 5 stars if it was a touch more stable and had tidal info.
Fairly comprehensive settings let you prevent battery drain. Good interactive radar, and web cam entries give a peek outside. Would be 5 stars if it was a touch more stable and had tidal info.
Not impressed. The ipod version is much better. I can never get it to load. It constantly says to refresh then won't load.
Nice app. Kind of slow. And not as accurate as weather channel.
√  works good on my devices. I prefer the non-ad versions of apps where possible
Everythingworks fine on my Samsung Epic 4. Very useful. Has no prllems finding me. I have more problems with Sprints signal than I do with this app.
Paid money for this? This will not update or find my location. Only gets network errors now. VZW Thunderbolt.....
Could use tropical radar and a current area only alerts option.
Please allow radar map widget resize and improve its resolution. Also allow more days shown when widget is realized.
Finally notification bar is visible in ics phones, however it remains tiny in ics tablets.
Glad to see update works better now. Still needs a little work with compatibility for ics.
Works great
I had free, but downloaded elite for the animated radar. I do like this app better. I only gave it 4 stars because the widget lacks color. Cmon!
Love this app. But I agree with Phil. Not happy that I can't turn off background updates anymore. I don't want apps burning up my battery when I'm not looking at my phone.
Pretty good. Sometimes better than TWC.
Nice app. Very accurate.
This is my favorite weather app.  I love love love the radar map. It helps me to plan whether or not to take a walk or to know a big storm cell is on the way.
I for one love the bigger temp icon. It's easier to see. But this app does need a UI overhaul.
Probly could be decreased in size maybe 10% way better than the mini before on my gnex but it stands out a little much in my opinion plus I really don't see that much ics  compatability myself but after all that,weather bug is tied with my cast weather for favorite weather app .
Getting better
But this app really needs a Nice HD UI... also I'm glad the Temperature finally took its Size ^_^ ... hard to see until now... but yeah bring in the HD UI
Much better than before
Best weather app on the market.
An update.. I paid for this and thought it would have mire support and it barely does. Hope for a clean ics look or something like the new spotify that's still in early beta and revamped.
I can finally read the status bar temp with this update. Finally.
Very nice app with good amount of info. Locations need local time for their clocks. Need to be able to switch off features you don't need/want. Good. bang fot buck, but could still be improved.
Good but the UI and widgets look and feel old.
But getting a bit stale. Sunrise sunset data in UK is incorrect.
Love It!
Love It!
It would be great if the weather map wallpaper had a marker for your current location. Hard to find as is. Also would like to see wallpaper rotate was with phone orientation changes.
Works great on my Nexus One. At 3mb it MUST have option to run from SD storage so I uninstalled.
This is the best weather app I've found so far. The map is good and supports fullscreen. The text weather is good. And it has some widgets. But it's ugly, and the interface is too confusing.
This app takes forever to load radar. When it does load and run it doesn't always show the whole map. There are blocks of info missing. Very annoying! This app just keeps getting more and more bad!!!
Works good. Viaero sevice gets in the way im sure.
Works great until a storm comes into the area, then everything fails to load and force closes. Weird.
Pretty decent although not very accurate, gave 70% chance for rain yesterday, and no rain. 40% for today and its flooding from raining so hard.
Most accurate weather app I've used but desperately needs hourly UK forecast, a must have for my job.
If your into weather, this is the app to get. Has detailed forecast up to 7 days. Nice widgets and love the radar map. Would give 5 stars if it wasn't a battery hog. Atrix 4G
much better than TWC app, I do have issues with radar tiles not loading sometimes and animation speed option would be great.
I had this app on the galaxy S II and the program worked flawlessly. I recently upgraded to the galaxy note and it has not been as good. The refresh rate is not good and half the time it never fully refrehes the radar. The radar will display part of a storm and leave a giant block shaped gap in the rest of the image. PLEASE FIX THIS.
Automatic updates freeze my phone and it's too larg of an application. It overwhelms pretty much every other app but it's the best and the coolest ever.
This is my favorite weather app as it uses local weathernet stations to get the best realtime data in small communities. My only complaint is that it needs weather history information. Yesterday's information would be great, but perhaps up to a week before, as well as historical highs, lows, and records for those past, the current, and extended forecast days.  Would gladly pay more for that information if added.
I have the alert notifications enabled, and after I clear one, there will be another one for the same exact warning after a few minutes. Could you guys add a one-time option for the alert notifications?
Lots of detail, options, and widgets. Accuracy sometimes questionable, but what weather source isn't?
Works well until you cross a border - will not work in Canada.  Would be nice if Canada and Mexico were available on this app even to check on travel weather. I would like to see even a separate app for this.
App and widget are both crashing on my Xoom running ICS 4.04, bummer.  Would be nice if this app actually had some ongoing support, the development has always been sluggish to non existent since it was put on the market years ago.
Good service and decent app.
Doesn't always refresh especially advancing the day of week.
Wish the map wouldn't block out around your location at times but great app! Please Update!
You get the fifth star once I can control the weather from my phone.
I bought it for the lighting  strike marker but it doesn't work
Keeps telling me to buy and then it shuts down.  I'm not going to pay for an app over and over.
...and this is the one I kept.
Excellent on Gingerbread.  Doesn't work on CM9 (ICS).
The analog clock didnt update for daylight savings time.
Weather bug picks up more small citys than other apps
A 3x1 widget with the forecast, like the 4x1, would be great...  Works very well although usually when the forecast calls for rain, the current condition also shows rain - even if there's not a cloud in the sky.  (The only weird current/forecast combo though.)
A brilliant app for American weather, u can't ask for more! The down side, it does not supply rainfall data for the UK or warnings.
Good app.
Works great where I live in California, but no doppler in Hawaii? I don't get it.
It is taking longer to refresh than it did before. It needs an option to continue weather alerts even with the phone in silent mode. When I'm asleep I'd like to be able to be awakened during bad weather without being awakened by email and text messages alerts. Please add this option.
Just as good as the free version but it takes up less space and there is no ads. A good buy
just needs an extended forecast option for the notification shade and the ability to hide the notifications background in the shade.
UI, speed, multiple data sets and animated maps set this apart. Highly recommended!
Weather Bug for Blackberry included weather graphs which are not included on the Android version. I  wrote asking why and received no answer.
Love this app. It works great and does what it says. Id like to see some more Widgets with more customizations possible. Like barometric pressure, etc. Needs an update, dont change anything just add more stuff.
Checks weather and it's pretty accurate.
This is where I get my weather info.  Better than any website that I've found.  The web camera images and the video are kind of unnecessary bloat.
When radar is in motion, i show to identical images that differ from the static image. Fix and u get 5 *'s
customer service was excellent and were very concerned and now the app is working again without additional cost so I have to upgrade my review.  Thanks guys.
The map widget goes black until you reload it please fix and will be bumped up to five stars
I bought this app in September of 09, and while it was useful then, it's getting a bit dated compared to other weather apps. Still works fine, but I would look around for a free alternative, or at least something prettier like 1Weather.
Best weather app out. 5 stars when/if a better widget is developed.
I love it!
I've purchased this on 5 devices.  An iphone, an ipad, 2 android phones and an asus prime.  The ipad app is awesome, but for an android tablet, its just the phone app, enlarged.  Please give us ipad function on ICS.
4 stars because i want to see snowfall totals in the precip column.... That is since I pay for elite.
There was a version which supported a tablet view. Since upgrading to Elite that view is no longer available. Basically have the phone version on the Xoom. Great weather app still.
There was a version which supported a tablet view. Since upgrading to Elite that view is no longer available. Basically have the phone version on the Xoom. Great weather app still.
Better than free version...no ads!
Gets the job done. Needs a redesign with maybe a dark theme and swiping between screens instead of the tabs. Fairly boring tho.
Do we really need these red-triangle/! alerts? Should be a way to get rid of them without disabling all weather alerts. Tired of air stagnation advisories.
Doesn't display well in ICS yet,  and opening the map widget makes Weatherbug FC. Please fix!
Since I couldn't leave an opinion on the "free app" page I'll do it here.   Paid app is just fine.   I find it to be quite funny that people will spend hundreds of dollars on a high end phone and are too cheap to spend $2 to support all the work that goes into providing these applications.    Cost is way less than a beer or fancy cup of "coffee".   Nuf said!!! Oh, I have a HTC Sensation.,
Nice app, it just needs an upgrade to make it flow better with android 4.0, it just doesn't look nice on my galaxy nexus
Status bar weather on pulldown is light grey. Does not match ICS dark grey. This needs updated. Weather Underground's app matches. That app is free.
Great app, I've always used Weatherbug on a mobile device because it is fast and efficient, unlike other weather apps on the Market. One problem is that I have noticed that the Elite version is a few versions behind the Free version.
Would give it 5 stars but it currently wont stay on my status bar of my DROID x2 and it use too.  I've been using weather bug for a long time and have never had any issues. I figure the slow reload and stuff like that is carrier/ network related.  All in all, I have no reason to change. I sent them an email and we 'll see what happens.
Great so far. Incredible
Constant warnings are annoying and I wish it had historic temperature data, other than that, great app.
Weatherbug Elite works good on my Toshiba Tablet but the free Weatherbug for Honeycomb works better on a large screen tablet.  Elite works very good on a smartphone size screen. Does what is suppose to.
I like this app, but I had to uninstall and reinstall it to change my home location.
sending alerts for a wind advisory is very annoying
Gives me accurate weather, fast. Could use a prettier UI though.
Sounds when selecting alert notification tones do not work...but when I get an alert, it works.
Slow to load.  Evo 3d
It works well but doesn't have good gps. Puts me twenty miles away sometimes.
This app seems to be working great so far..
I have had zero problems...works great
Only fault is the radar tracking will not work for any reason.
always had this weather  map, and always going to have this weather map,I think this app. Had a hick up 5 years ago fixed in couple min. just wanna te
Much improved
Looks good to me.
Looks good to me.
Would love to see a road weather conditions option for those of us that get snowy weather.
The app is great! Use it several times a day on my Samsung Tab and Galaxy S Phone. Only problem I've had is when the live wallpaper is applied. My Galaxy S (EH17) reboots several times a day with it on. Remove the wallpaper - phone stays on for days.  Otherwise, best weather app out there!
Updates properly over cellular network again.
Now that WeatherBug appears to be working again will the users be told what the problem was?
Do not buy this app! Recently, it can not update the weather.For the station Koltsov shows no wind, pressure and rainfall.
It has an occasional bump in the road but overall is a wonderful app.
Great app. Upgraded from free version. Best I've used on the market. HD2 Tytung 2.7 Gingerbread 2.3.4
So far love it on EVO 4G. Map as wallpaper, no ads, lightening strikes, but my favorite is that it takes up about 1/3 the memory as the free?
Loved this App till yesterday. Stopped working all the sudden. Worthless now. Please fix.
Usually gets weird after an update.  Uninstall and reinstall to get it working again.
App is not working! Won't update info, it says there is a network error, but there isn't
For some reason, plz fix. ツ
Runs great on HTC TB. Turned off all auto features to save battery tho. Surrounded by stations that keep me updated & informed.
Ugly skin.  Only allows you to change colors.
Great weather apt. But return key dumps you out of app. & you have to start over. All other apps return to previous menu
Provides simple hour-to-hour forecast. Which is all I'm asking for.
I travel all over North America with my job and really like to what it was, is, and going to be, and I find W/B takes care of that just fine.
It's kind of like the Edsel - runs like a champ, but absolutely hideous to behold.  Overall, it works, and works well - easily the best weather app available - but the weather icons should be changeable + the blue border color of the app itself is obnoxious. Also, could use some different widgets that provide more info "at a glance" (See: AIX Weather). Finally, add flat backgrounds for the widgets as well as the "glossy" style.  5 stars for functionality - minus 1for aesthetics.
Gives wind dir and dpeed great app.
Not bad works pretty well most of the time in Australia but needs more locations like the other apps have
Paid for and have been using for almost two years. Now, says I didn't purchase from market and closes ...wtf??
Every time I go into it it pulls up the location search, is there a way to stop that? Otherwise great app
Would be nice if it showed last updated time on the widget.
Great app but lately it has been displaying the incorrect temp. It is saying that it's 118° in Auburn CA when it's actually about 60°.
Worth it!!
I'm looking the customizable widget with hourly updates. I set the background nearly transparent and it looks awesome with an earth live wallpaper!
Bug fixed, works again.
I don't need reminders about alerts every 15 minutes! Alerts wont stop reminding me once cleared.
Why does the monthly precipitation not work?
Best of the weather apps.
Would have five  stars this app would get my location right. Albuquerque is NOT the only city in New Mexico!
Loved it longtime. Now just sux cok. 30 miles from home still gives home as my location. Background update in status bar dosent match app. homescreen.
Good but with one problem Works well, except the temperature won't update in the toolbar. I have to actually open the app to get the current temp.
What happened to the hourly readouts? When I drill down from day view, I get morning/evening view (as before) but I can't drill down to hourly view
Good app with up to the minute updates
The 4x1 widget is nice, but the live wallpaper looks dumb.
Updated on EVO Shift without a problem. Radar so have a better layout and calendar a monthly outlook, other than that works perfect for my needs
I luv it. I use it everyday.
Very useful (I'm a commercial pilot) but still don't have transparency on radar when I animate it. Miss that very much! Follow me function improving.
Works fairly well. Animated radar is the best feature.
quik n ez local weather info w/ some graphic forecasting
quik n ez local weather info w/ some graphic forecasting
Great weather app. Having connection problems since last update. PLEASE FIX!!!!
There should be a way to filter alerts. I get Rip Current Statements every other day and I couldn't care less, but I do want storm warnings. Annoying.
There should be a way to filter alerts. I get Rip Current Statements every other day and I couldn't care less, but I do want storm warnings. Annoying.
Pretty good. Wish the live wallpaper was more reliable, sometimes when traveling it gets confused. But it us the best radar live wallpaper I have foun
I live in south Louisiana and the app is telling me its -18 F and with windchill its -34. Seems to be a problem with this app.
LOADING indolence... in dire need of PERPETUAL UPDATING...hmmm...whether bug related... WEATHERBUG belated...hah!
weatherbug elite use to be the best app around but not anymore. it constantlyvfails to update and load on startup and never refreshes it data. unless these issues are resolved i can only it 1 star. there are other programs out there that deliver the weather better then this program.
Very disappointed in this app. It does not update on my HTC Evo 4G. I have it set to update every 30 minutes but it will not update.
Love it, but I just wish it did a better job of keeping up with my location.
Pollen count and stats panel missing in ipad app.
Often opens showing world map instead of my (desired) local area.
Wonderful. A great help when traveling and needing to know what I'm driving into. LG ally
It doesn't update the weather like it use to! I have mine set for every 15 mins., and usually I have to refresh it on my own!
It doesn't update the weather like it use to! I have mine set for every 15 mins., and usually I have to refresh it on my own!
Was a great app no problems until update yesterday.... wheres the radar?! Motorola cliq
it shows cloudy conditions when is raining outside.
Great app. Has worked flawlessly until the last update. Having trouble getting it to work at all now. Pleas fix.
The info is good, but this app sure could use an update to the GUI.
Ok but loads slow at times
Force close after recent update. Won't work at all now. 3rd time I have had to uninstall this app. Not a happy customer right now. Please fix.
Very nice app. The only problem is for me is that the lightning won't show up. Please fix.
Accuracy is suspect in areas where weather is volatile (Chicago) but spot-on where it isn't (Los Angeles)
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
only minus I see is it can't be moved to sd. Fix that and update the speed on the maps and it would be 5 stars.
...and is very convenient, especially when traveling.
Great wx app for the Android phone. As a pilot best one I have found.
Use all the time
Great app.
than the other weather apps out there.
Keep up the good work keeps getting better. How about some Hurricane. Support screens?
I love it!
Enjoy weather bug
Getting better Previous version had lots of forced closes on HTC Incredible 2. Happened almost every time radar map is displayed. Latest version is mu
Good
Finally getting lots of updates and working great. the best.
You still can't change but Weather Bug keeps you informed about it.
Solid, few problems.
Where the heck did they go?? I got the paid version and now have LESS features??? Why?
Uninstall and a reinstall appears to fix the temperature showing in the status bar. We'll see if it fixes the alert notifications.
Purchased weather bug elite for the lightning strike. Where is it? Should have stayed with the free version.. Using this on a Nexus S phone.
Why does this application say that I'm in indiana ... When im here in the sunshine state, Fl
Too too many updates I.paid for this have had this app for approximately 2 years.this app just gets worst and worst. Droid inc
I like the app a lot, but please give us the ability to choose what types of alerts we get. I live in Houston, TX and do not need five Heat Advisory alerts per day, or Air Quality alerts. I'd like to have the ability to see the entire list of available alerts and choose only the ones I want to see (like thunderstorm/tornado warnings). Add that ability and it's a 5 star app for me.
Very disappointed with the latest update(s)... The wallpaper doesn't update unless you restart your phone. I used the to love this app...not now.
I wish the animation frames would stay where you put them instead of jumping down after only 5 seconds.
Latest update made weather alerts go nuts. Even if acknowledged, they sound 10-15 times each when opening app and never truly acknowledge.
Nice weather program but new bugs are created every update, it seems to take forever for them to be corrected. I'll stick with you for now.
My Location no longer updates. I should have stayed with the free version. It still works on my wife's phone.
Have to force stop to get expired alert polygon removed. Otherwise excellent. HTC Inspire.
Is a little buggy (notification bar temp doesn't update) but still nicer than other weather apps. Samsung Vibrant
Transparency is lost during animated radar with last update Ok will stills...HTC Incredible 2
Needs more accurate wind speeds. Had 5 trees blown over on my block, said wind speeds up to 8mph... Wth?
Major version control problems. Updates are like Russian Roulette... never know what to expect.
As an airline pilot, I rely on many WX sources, and this app is one of my favorites (and I have several WX apps). In fact, it's the only app I have ever purchased.
Used to work great, now it only force closes on me since update. Please fix. Evo 2.2
It is worse since last update....radar freezes and it changes my location randomly to another state. I have the elite version on Droid2
It is worse since last update....radar freezes and it changes my location randomly to another state. I have the elite version on Droid2
Great product but locks up my droidx solid. Just tried again. It no longer locks up but now it never finishes loading! They destroyed the product!
...so I wait, and wait, and nothing. This worked yesterday. I'd like my $1.99 back. Grrr.
Since the recent update, widget doesn't update weather unless I go into the app and refresh it. Many others experiencing same problem. MotoDroid 2.2.2
Since the recent update, widget doesn't update weather unless I go into the app and refresh it. Many others experiencing same problem. MotoDroid 2.2.2
The latest updates finally addressed the FC issues with maps and fringe network coverage. Wonderful
There is never a rain amount in my alternate locations...its always 0.0////can you fix that please....when im traveling it would be nice to know .
After the update, all is working, even the alerts, just fine. Thanks for fixing a great app. EVO 4G
Just a thought, make the side of the landscape screen scroll the same as the portrait.
I. Have used. Wearherbug on my main computer, so when I saw an app. For WeatherBug Mobile, I said that I gotto get that. It loves your battery thou
Huge waste of $. Problems are profuse & persistent no matter the settings, updates, re-installs. Better off going to a weather website.
The first new update wouldn't update my location but after second update it is fixed. Now notifies me of the heat alert every 15 minutes.
Many problems since the last update. Locations and preferences reset to default and widget doesn't work. OG Droid
Thank you for fixing the bug so fast. Probably shouldn't have made it past the testers in the first place.
Thank you for fixing the bug so fast. Probably shouldn't have made it past the testers in the first place.
Thank you for fixing the bug so fast. Probably shouldn't have made it past the testers in the first place.
I loved this app prior to the last update. "My location" no longer updates on Moto Droid.
Last update fixed the location issue, although it didn't get them back. Backup is a good thing.
Love this app! Weather alerts, weather for multiple locations, tons of features! Best weather app! Also love the outside temp on notif bar!
Love this app! Weather alerts, weather for multiple locations, tons of features! Best weather app! Also love the outside temp on notif bar!
After a bad update, I'm pleased to say that weather bug fixed the update the same day. Now it works great again. Thx
needs ability to select alerts to receive, otherwise the heat advisory alert has been going off about once every 20 minutes all day.
This app was on the verge of being a pile of garbage. But since a few long awaited updates they seem to be pulling it together. Nice job guys.
This app was on the verge of being a pile of garbage. But since a few long awaited updates they seem to be pulling it together. Nice job guys.
This app was on the verge of being a pile of garbage. But since a few long awaited updates they seem to be pulling it together. Nice job guys.
Widget no longer remembers location or appearance settings. Therefore it only gets 2 stars.
Should be pulled from market. Please dont support broken software. Once this happens developer will fix.
Works great. Love the maps. Devs very responsive when they realized the last update had problems.
Works well when it wants to...but when it works Its a good source of ideal weather...Samsung Galaxy X
This last update was so bad that I will never use WeatherBug again for as long as I live.. Quick fix? How about hiring minimally competent ppl??
Works well on my Droid x. The widget updates consistently and the app works well.
My fav wx app; hands down. Gave 3 stars before, but reboot fixed the problem. My apologies to WB - HTC Desire
They fixed what they broke pretty quick, so back to a 4 star rating. Nice job by devs for addressing the problem.
works good most of the time, at least the developers are working to improve it.
I, like all of you had issues on the latest update so I sent the dev a mssg. Got a reply that they were working on it, and now it seems to be fixed. Those that rate apps ONE star because there is a problem, grow up or stop rating apps all together. You are a waste of space. If you have an app issue, contact the developer. My 4 star rating is based on the fact that WBE works well MOST of the time since I've had it (8 months). Don't know if any weather app is 100% all the time.
Great ap, but it appears home screen widget is interfering with my email notifications.
The radar needs to be more real time and vastly more detailed. I got absolutely 0000 accurate data during a tornado warning to keep me updated
Worked fine until last update. Weather icons are wrong. When did sunny have a snowy icon? Please fix
I really like this app. What would make this even better is if the time and date displayed the local time and date for the location.
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
Just updayed and now.alert and notification settings cleared when reboot or clean memory..
worked fine before the update. works fine after the update. g2, evo, droid charge, dinc2, mytouch4g all tested fine.
!! do not buy elite - it does not work any better than the free - it does not update your location - the # of stars on this app is misleading!
Thank you for the update everything is working better than before the last update. Great app. Evo
Latest update causing problems when trying to open. Pulls up keyboard, screen doesn't update. Now I can't even uninstall it.
Was doing great until the 2.5.438 update. Now I have to configure widget after every reboot. Going back to 2.5.358 Droid X², rooted and Supercharged!
Was doing great until the 2.5.438 update. Now I have to configure widget after every reboot. Going back to 2.5.358 Droid X², rooted and Supercharged!
Was doing great until the 2.5.438 update. Now I have to configure widget after every reboot. Going back to 2.5.358 Droid X², rooted and Supercharged!
Alerts now have all text, but the font is slightly too large. Also, opacity goes to full when map is in motion. Unable to see map names. Please fix.
When it works, it is the best weather wigit out there. I occasionally get caught in a loop of forced shutdowns, though.
Finally!!! Thank you for updates! Alerts are now readable. Radar is back to being fast. Appears to be more stable. Evo 4g
Finally!!! Thank you for updates! Alerts are now readable. Radar is back to being fast. Appears to be more stable. Evo 4g
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
This app works perfectly. Temps are always very accurate. Way more accurate than the weather channel's app.
Works great. Sometimes the info doesn't always update.
Works great. Sometimes the info doesn't always update.
More accurate than the default HTC weather widget that shipped within my phone. Good purchase!
Best radar and responsive severe storm updates. Capture radar pics and share with your friends. Definitely worth 1.99
This app seems to have been abandoned. Sure glad i bought it. NOT!!
This is a good app but would be even better with the alerts fixed. Evo 4g cutoff problem.
Thought this was buggy,tried several other weather apps to discover they were worse. WB has most customization and weather stations so will keep. D2
Thought this was buggy,tried several other weather apps to discover they were worse. WB has most customization and weather stations so will keep. D2
For some reason I get the failed to locate message,but then updates.Also for a short while my widgit looked funny. Only current n 1day showed
For some reason I get the failed to locate message,but then updates.Also for a short while my widgit looked funny. Only current n 1day showed
Worked great until the last update (temp in color), now it frequently fails to load..but after refresh, ok. Love the realtime pics, skepticle updates?
Worked great until the last update (temp in color), now it frequently fails to load..but after refresh, ok. Love the realtime pics, skepticle updates?
So much better than the The Weather Channel app. Only problem is that it doesn't update automatically like its supposed to. I love it when it works
Weatherbug continues to release quality updates. However after switching to CyanogenMod 7, there is no widget support anymore. Really dissapointing.
The "force closed" feature works great! Two "Middle fingers" up! Says a paided custumer
Had this app on my Evo 4G and worked great! But it does not auto start on Evo 3d, alerts are cut off, no radar widget. Please make it awesome again.
Had this app on my Evo 4G and worked great! But it does not auto start on Evo 3d, alerts are cut off, no radar widget. Please make it awesome again.
Its a nice app, tons of info, love that there are multiple weather "stations" to choose from. Nice radar and maps section. I would use this app as my main weather app, but I just cant stand the GUI interface and color. Its just too "Windows XP".
More features than other weather apps I've used. Have not experienced the issues reported by the dissatisfied reviewers. Like it. OG Moto Droid.
Weatherbug is starting to get a lot of bugs and doesn't work quite right anymore.
still trying to figure out when it will tell me about lightning strikes near me like it did on my blackberries. I contacted customer support via email twice and have yet to hear back. It tells me the city I am in is always under thunder and lightning yet its sunny and nice out. Epic fail..........
Used to work great. Does not update enough anymore. Says wrong locations often. Go to a new city and says I'm still in my hometown. Needs an update!
It is working better than when first got the latest update. The follow me at least works most of the time now.
It use to work good. Now it doesnt update and force closes every time i open it.
Great when working, it's the best radar scv I've used, but inconsistent. From time to time there seems to be some kind of problem with their servers.
Still think its the best weather app.but latelu its been telling me im a town over :/
Radar loads much faster than The Weather Channel update, but TWC has features not found in WB too.
Need to be able to change the color scheme on the app, like you can the widgets. Also, the radar gets hung up sometimes, and wont show the precip.
I've had this app for year how and it's gettin pretty crappy @ this point ! FC and not updating location on Moto Droid 2 , cum on dev. Fix this mess
The absolute worse paid program out there..constant errors and app shutting down...TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!!!
The alerts don't work right! It tells u there is one but when u try to open it only the first line and a half of the text shows up!
Constantly force closes. Radar maps are slow and reduces frames to improve performance. How about fixing the app to improve performance?
"network error"..... This app was sweet, latley it sucks! Bad! If it dosent get better I'm switching
Would give WB 5 stars when they improve their up time. They were down for many hours today.
Worked great for months, but now it fails to load all the time. Almost unusable now. Please fix soon, this was a very cool app.
Free version worked great in comparison. Radar doesn't work right anymore. Stays spotted. Waist of money.
Love it better than any other.. though satellite videos are kinda short only like an hours worth of weather and the radar never works for me :(
This is no way near as good as weather professional. But, it is better than nothing.
Plz quit trying to "optimize performance"... If I wanna wait 30 secs, let me. HTC Inc
Since this lastest update, the warnings are not readable due to a error in code. You can only read the first and second line. Contacted Weatherbug.
I used the weather channel that came with the phone, but the latest update sucks. switched to weather bug and all of what twc broke is here much more
I used the weather channel that came with the phone, but the latest update sucks. switched to weather bug and all of what twc broke is here much more
Pretty sad when the free version works better than paid one. Had the same issues when I used weatherbug on my BlackBerry. No push notifications???
Pretty sad when the free version works better than paid one. Had the same issues when I used weatherbug on my BlackBerry. No push notifications???
The radar map could definitely be better....but otherwise an excellent app!! Works great on my Nexus S 4G
The radar map could definitely be better....but otherwise an excellent app!! Works great on my Nexus S 4G
I would rate it higher but, I can't get the thing to use the weatherbug station 2000 ft. from my house anymore. I had it on my old phone.
I would rate it higher but, I can't get the thing to use the weatherbug station 2000 ft. from my house anymore. I had it on my old phone.
This update is terrible for veiwing alerts. They are cut off after only one line of text. Uninstall, and cleared cache, reinstalled and still broken.
Maps sucks now. Constant fc's. Can't use the app. Don't buy! I wish I could return it!
Maps sucks now. Constant fc's. Can't use the app. Don't buy! I wish I could return it!
App is useful and generally very good. Live wallpaper is great, but dislike that the map does not go all the way up to the notification bar. Rather large black bar at the top is very annoying. Otherwise, favorite weather app.
The "elite" version offers very few practical advantages over the free version... Google maps integration is limited to satellite and traffic layers, and only works within the weatherbug app. Also, this version is lacking an infrared layer... BIG disappointment to me. Weatherbug has recently raised the bar with their free Chrome browser app... It has everything and works beautifully. This paid app is shabby in comparison... ad free is nice nonetheless. Please update.
N1. Reinstalled yesterday after 4 months uninstalled. Working well. Like the interface better than the rest. More battery drain than I like. No FC
I thought it was a new X2 app problem, but I have gotten forced closed the last two days while trying to refresh the radar maps. Trying to severe weather spot so it is during those intense times when I have been really pushing the app. Otherwise I am very happy with the app and had it on my Blackberry tour, which was slower map loading, but at least did not crash like this.
Dunno what happened, but now when updating the map, the app FC's. Not ruling out CM7 as the culprit, though.
This app force closes when any bad weather happens. This is when I need it most!
Crashed my phone Motorola Droid. Use to work perfect. Now it's just horriable! I don't download it untill its fixed.
Just told my wife must be storm in area wbe quit working! I was right!!! What a joke!
Worked great until recently there is a bug in the radar forecloses please fix soon
Worked great until recently there is a bug in the radar forecloses please fix soon
Not a good/ droid app anymore. Most companies perfect software overtime this is gotten much worse.
Come on weather bug its 70 outside not 34 in Texas ... if ya don't fix it ill find something else
Works great except for the radar being a little choppy and slow. Even over wifi. Htc tbolt.
Works great except for the radar being a little choppy and slow. Even over wifi. Htc tbolt.
Won't find my location no matter how many GPS location settings I turn on. I do like the scrolling radar though.
I tried all of them, this is accurate for me. I checked actual conditions on all the popular apps and this one nailed it. When there were weather or temp changes, this app was right and the others were behind. Get this and Rainy Days and you are set for weather.
Unable to pick other notification sounds. Only have system sounds for weather alerts
Not updating its location since the last update. Reported to de eloper, but no response. Great app if they fix this issue.
updated to elite and have had nothing but problems. Now after having the elite for weeks it is telling me I did not purchase it and it will not run
Was working great but now says (failed update location -no signal) and my phone has full signal. Plz fix
Follow Me has improved greatly in the latest update. A few more FCs than I'd like and radar fails to load quite often. Raise to 3 Stars now. Epic 4g!
Update ... seems to be working fine now ... not sure what changed. Radar crashes app on droid x ... wish to revert to last version.
Use this a lot. Maps are great . MAY032010
Use this a lot. Maps are great . MAY032010
How did I go from upstate ny to south carolina? Considering the current weather conditions here, looks like i'd want to be there, BUT I'M NOT!!!
I like the 6 hr refresh rate & week home widget but it's just too ugly.
Used to be great, now a POS that doesn't update. Last night we had tornado warnings and no weather alert!
When I'm scrolling through an alert please stop resetting me to the top of the page. Just show an hourglass if you're not done loading it yet.
The radar imaging is very useful. Problems associated with recent update appear to have been resolved.
Radar force closes since the last update. This is the GREATEST weather app out there...please get this fixed.
Force close after opening radar since update. Real poor updates.. want my money back! It's sad that the free version hasn't had any of these problems.
Radar not working since last update. Won't load or only a patch of it does. Otherwise great app. Pls fix!!!
Radar all screwed up since last update. Please fix. Other than that best weather app for sure.
Radar all screwed up since last update. Please fix. Other than that best weather app for sure.
Sometimes wont update. Radar screen works about half the time. Wont pull up image and wont refresh even if I click to to so.
Needs to have automatic updating available feature. However it does work well on Droid 2
Ive had a few force closes since the update, my map never loads properly, whether 3g or wifi. Just want it workin again! its better than TWC. Droid X
Ive had a few force closes since the update, my map never loads properly, whether 3g or wifi. Just want it workin again! its better than TWC. Droid X
Weather bug elite prevents google maps from finding a gps signal. I've uninstalled it from my droid x - too bad, because I loved the free version.
leaps and bounds over any other weather app out there. Nicely done. Xoom, Fascinate, & T-Bolt.
The app works better than it used to, widget updates. I haved decided not to take this update since the reviews show some problems.
Keeps fc on maps. I thought this update was supposed to fix bugs, not create them!!
I love this app, but, latest version crashs when I try to load the radar map...
Been using this for a year. Loved it till last update. Radar forces close every time now. Droid 1
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
Best weather app, but map widget is still too small! After update widget can't be stretched to full screen with LauncherPro or ADW!
The last update worked all the kinks out of this app. Radar downloads quickly over 3g now and location is updated in the background as you move. Incrd
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
love this, but newest update got rid of hour by hour forecasts in the calendar section. Bring it back!
Shows snowflakes for rain showers on the widget. And chat message indicators where the cog should be for settings. Mine was fine before the update.
Trash. It was better before the update. I don't need it running in the background. Forces my phone to crash
Temp doesnt seem to update in notification bar as it us set to do. Other than that... nice
The forecast text doesn't always match the graphic, I just noticed this... Not sure if this has been an ongoing problem...
Only 3 stars due to the radar loop not working correctly. If that is fixed, 4-5 stars.
Several years in and still no rain radar outside the US, it's available for the UK in several apps but not yet in Weatherbug.
Several years in and still no rain radar outside the US, it's available for the UK in several apps but not yet in Weatherbug.
They still can't get it right. Status bar doesn't update. Sticking with My Cast, which is far superior
Back up to five stars after update fix. Thanks for responding to the complaints developers! Best weather app for Moto Droid 1.
Back up to five stars after update fix. Thanks for responding to the complaints developers! Best weather app for Moto Droid 1.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
Always get failed to load message. Have to remove app and re-add to get to load. Message has yet to go away. Worked fine before I paid. A joke. EGO 4G
Quit working on my Samsung Intercept but have an Evo Shift n it works good on this phone.
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
I don't know.. it worked great for a year... than multiple updates and it's iffy at best... dx
Pretty good weather app...you wont b disappointed. The live doppler radar wallpaper when a storm is approaching is verrrry cool
Don't care for the record audio much, but wtf difference does it make it in on wifi or network, fix something. so it updates over wifi also.
Don't care for the record audio much, but wtf difference does it make it in on wifi or network, fix something. so it updates over wifi also.
Works pretty well but overlays on map are sometimes slow to load or incomplete. Needs time stamps on animated radars.
Solid app. Dubious permissions required. Please fix now. Sent email to Dev echoing this concern.
Very extensive information! I like it a lot and appreciate the weather alerts and other settings.
Never actually updates automatically on my Droid2. I always have to open the app or refresh it
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
Why is the Amazon version (2.5.335) newer than the Google Market version (2.5.288)?
I am glad I paid for an application which DOES NOT OPEN! Please fix. Samsung Acclaim with 2.2
Looks like we need a class action law suit - wb either needs to refund our 1.99 or provide us with the updated version - avail since march at amazon
Why does Amazon app store have a newer version available while the version in this app store has not been updated?
Decent interface, right widget options. Updates weather just fine for me on Droid, location not so much.
This version does not work. I got the elite version free from the Amazon appstore and it actually works. It is a newer version. Samsung Acclaim. 2.2
Works ok on 2.1 Captivate but widget burns battery due to excessive partial wake lock especially if network is down
Paid for despite negative feedback. Too late for refund. NOT WORKING ON TRANSFORM, FIX YOUR APP ALREADY!!!
Good app love the web cam feature
s a wonderful app, but too bad live wallpaper is buggy on my DInc, will look forward to that being fixed
Doesn't update all the time. My location doesn't update 60% of the time. Temp. often wrong
Tried freebee, liked it, bought it. Not perfect. Still looking for a weather app with more frequent precipitation forecast.
Program is good. Alerts are combersome to read. Paragraphs are many times poorly worded and disjointed. And all caps are not cool!
The Elite widget causes launcher crashes and force close messages on the Xoom. Works well on the Droid X.
The Elite widget causes launcher crashes and force close messages on the Xoom. Works well on the Droid X.
Alerts are poorly written, awkward and in all caps. Very unprofessional! Clean alerts up and 5 Stars!
Boy,WeatherBug has come a long way since you first thought of it. I think I was usingr OS/2 Warp. 4 then. It worked on that too!
Don't buy, it's no better than the free one, at least not enough to pay 1.99 for it
Worked great before update, now it wont connect. Says network error. Network works fine. HTC CDMA HERO on 2.21
It worked great, til updated...now it fails to load data often. But it is still my go to app ...just time consuming to wait for loading,droid2
It's weather bug what more can I say. I do love the Widgets they are awesome elite is best version.
Awsome app!! A bit slow loading map when zooming, would be great 5 stars if different color themes were available like black as well. My touch 4g
Works as it should, though there are odd times when it claims I'm in California and refuses to change until it finally cycles on its own. Somewhat annoying. Doppler radar can be slow to show up, a problem I've witnessed on my desktop (free) version. But these are minor problems in an otherwise good app.
Great functionality. But it can't get the temp right. Measures 10 outside but weatherbug says 43! It is always off by at least 10-15 degrees.
Does not follow my location, and usually fails to update temperature. Waste of money...will look for a new weather program.
Good features. Hope it's not a battery hog on droid x. Can not get any widgets to show
Often will not load data and I cannot find the radar. I bought this app for the radar but there is not one. Don't buy this app if you want radar.
The best weather app I've worked with with. Moto Droid. Provided is the widget keeps disappearing from home screen.
I personally love weatherbug elite...its accurate w/in a min,or right on time,&its very accurate2the weather. The more updates the more u can do! Kinz
More weather stations would be the only major improvement I'd like. Next to BeWeather for BlackBerry, this is the best I've used. Galaxy TAB
I've had this for all my phones, I definitely want to keep it! NEEDS SD CARD SUPPORT!!! Droid X! No more updates cmon!
What is going on with this. It used to be great, but lately it hasn't been giving good forecasts and no descriptions in extend forecast.
Worth it. Radar map widget is nice.. wish they had moon phase / sunset on widget tho.
This is the shiz needs help updating sometimes, but still it is by far a great weather app with great widgets. Droid x
Auto-update has been broken for quite a while now... Good otherwise, but have to manually update for it to be useful :(
Thought it would be ad free once purchased... it isn't...... other than that.. o k. So far.
Please get rid of today as first entry in forecast on widget. Info is redundant. Put text predictions under current weather and display next threedays
Please get rid of today as first entry in forecast on widget. Info is redundant. Put text predictions under current weather and display next threedays
This app has been broken for over a month now with the manual update bug. FIX IT! changed my review to 1 star until this is fixed.
Application seldom locates your position automatically. I had to uninstall an reinstall several times
Excellent app, works well and gives accurate weather conditions on a regular basis.
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
For update issues, clear data, force close, and uninstall all apps related to weatherbug, then reinstall. This worked for me.
Wish the hourly forecast was accessible from the main screen - it's a pain having to scroll through two or three other screens to get to it.
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
The app is fine, but it's frustrating to see my PC's WeatherBug showing the correct temperature and I have to force a Refresh to get my Droid X to catch-up.
The App itself is absolutely awesome. The WeatherBug elite forecast widget however is lacking. Only shows the next two days while every other weather widget out there shows three. Only skinning available is changing the background color.
Worked well previously, now background updating doesn't work HTC hero, been this way for several months now Working fine again
Worked well previously, now background updating doesn't work HTC hero, been this way for several months now Working fine again
Nice looking app with cool features, but temp is often off by 5-10°, so useless to me.
I like it a lot and do reccomend it but am having problems with updating as well. Hopefully this will resolve itself soon.
Worked perfect for a while, Now will not update....uninstalling until they fix the update issue.
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Auto updates not working on paid version and everytime I try to open the app it fails to load and I have to forceclose the app.
Assholes list a phone # on web sight put say they answer emails first. Have to leave a message. Cheesy app with no help.
Works great on my Android 1.6 x10a, outdated already because AT&T wont release updates like other companies so beware. The appe is very good
Weatherbug is not parsing out the proper section of the WSW. My county is always the next section after the &&
The radar is very glitchy, only works 50 percent of the time, other than that great app.
Had for a long time and all of a sudden it has MY LOCATION as two towns over everytime I'm home..love this app but this is very annoying..please fix
Good app. The biggest plus to paid is the 3 day forecast widget and radar live wallpaper. Bought to support too. HTC-I
More accurate than my boyfriend's weather app (accuweather) & looks good. Takes forever to load when restarting phone, but doesnt burn up battery.
More accurate than my boyfriend's weather app (accuweather) & looks good. Takes forever to load when restarting phone, but doesnt burn up battery.
I've been using for a week now and it works fine without the battery drain others have mentioned. 5th star if had winds aloft for skydivers.
Happy with it so far. Very little drain on battery. Wish radar map time matched my zone instead of staying on EST. Galaxy S.
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Would give it 5 stars but can not pick all available weather stations in area. This is very important living on island.
Love that I can change widget color, worth the money. Love it on my Evo 4g
This app was great until last update now it is slow even with wifi so slow I usually give up. Captivate
Love it,but having to uninstall&reinstall because it would not open.still showed info, but would not completely open.
Update snow again but it shows sunny. Very inaccurate in Canada it was a snowfall warning and it is snowing now but it is only showing rain.
Questionable accuracy. Installed on 2 phones and got different current conditions from the same source. Also get conditions that are obviously wrong.
When it works it's great. When it doesn't work it really really sucks. At least it works between 80% and 90% of the time. Could be much worse.
This is one of the better weather apps not all of the options this app has can be used in my area but none the less its very precise and easy to use
I would give it five stars but it can't seem to figure out my location...it just loads endlessly
Great app but is there a reason under precipitation accumulation there is only rain? I live somewhere where we need to know how much snow we have.
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Issue where widget will not display info only "please wait". When it does work correctly its great and accurate.
Awesome app, but the widget needs improvement. Never lets me hit the options button on the widget.
New update doesn't update weather temp on Droid X. Need to reload app to get it to refresh n start working again.
Best Ive found works great on my EVO. Would give 5 stars if alerts colors had red and more colors. I bought elite but see no difference from the free
The best weather app. But since last update it runs the GPS in the background for 5 to 10 minutes after closing the app. Please fix!
Does not do anything different than the free app. Do not buy it. It does not update location.
Glad I didn't uninstall when my radar quit working! Reported problem and now radar is back on track. Thank you..
Best weather app but having some notification interface syncing issues. Would also like to see more accurate radar and live cams for 5 stars.
Stopped updating temps all of a sudden. Used to be a perfect app, now not so good.
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
I've tried all of the weather apps, and this is the best - very consistent
Great options, good selection of barometric pressure, wind speed/direction, good radar. App has occasional updating issues, would buy again :)
Force close all the time locks up phone when it works it is really slow
notification doesnt work. says "loading data, plz wait" & never loads. & hr by hr isnt updated. 52 @ 9 pm & says it will be 57 @ 10. droid x froyo 2.3
The follow me is broken and it won't auto update otherwise the best weather app I have found.
Seemingly this has been a great App. However, after this last update it has NOT worked at all! Forecloses at each intial start up! Wrote develop. Awai
I drive truck cross country and this great for long distance weather reports. I put in all the mountain pass towns in the extra location settings
It doesn't follow me... It has a lot problems to load too. Its very annoying!
Good but the video forecast need much higher volume. Also it's gotten rather sluggish.
Worked great until I used google maps. Have to go into droid settings to turn off gps and retrack location.
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
Does not update as scheduled. "Follow me" does not work. Status bar temp does not update.
Really good app. New graphics are very nice. Good summarys. Maybe a bit more accurate, one minute It's sunny all week then It's snowing... HTC Desire
After fixing the 1.5 device problem works great again. Would be a 5 had that problem not been there in the first place.
If reset my phone I must remove & replace the widget. Please fix this .
The widgets are not working on my mytouch 4g. Would give 5 stars if it had better looking widgets...and animated them
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Why did this need to be updated? Moto droid now no longer displays temp notification, the main reason I downloaded this app. Please fix.
The temperature for Frederick MD is always 2 to 6 degrees off, otherwise I would have given this app 5 stars.
It is 1 degree celcius here? All week? It feels like minus 17. And by the way why is everything frozen outside? It is 1 degree celcius right?
This app blows the weather channel app out of the water. Awesome widgets. Just wish the radar widget was bigger
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Constantly up to speed with visually detailed reports showing when and where the weather is like.
One of my favorite apps, being a weather "nut". New update is great! Nice work.
One of my favorite apps, being a weather "nut". New update is great! Nice work.
This program was working great but I switched to the Nexus One and it just doesn't seem to want to work now.
I was having the "purchase or exit" issue after this most recent update. A simple reboot of my phone seems to have fixed it.
Tide times would a nice addition, plus the option to turn off the pollen tab.
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Great app, I use it all the time. The map is too hard to read since the update. Please put text back to original size.
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
What happened to the zoom buttons? When I pinch zoom, it is hard to maintain focus on my location.
Radar map VERY SLOW to load after the new update!! Wish I could go back to old version. Please fix!!
Radar map VERY SLOW to load after the new update!! Wish I could go back to old version. Please fix!!
Great application but very U.S. orientated, would like to see more videos forecasts and live camera feeds based in/on locations outside of the U.S.
Love the app but im still stuck on 1.5 :( roll out fix soon please!
An awesome, full-featured weather program. Includes a variety of features including weather maps, forecasts, videos, etc. Really cool.
Not very happy that my purchased version says not purchased on my tablet that has market on it. Last version worked fine.
worked great on moto i1 until last update now force close every time. Somebody screwed something up
Even after the supposed graphic improvements, it still looks like a jr high class project. I love the functionality, but get a graphic designer!
It only asks to purchase the first time you open it after update. Stop freaking out kids, it works fine after that.
I had this for a long time it was very good but now after update it says I have to buy again. Sorry but no I won't go there.
New update is terrible, took my temp widget away and forecast are a day behind. Droid
yes, the message saying the app hasn't been purchased is annoying; but it seems to be a one time thing. still needs to be fixed.
It was working fine til the update now it want open i want this fixed
Love it, but forecast icons in portrait widget need to be evenly spaced. Moto Droid.
Love it, but forecast icons in portrait widget need to be evenly spaced. Moto Droid.
Love it, but forecast icons in portrait widget need to be evenly spaced. Moto Droid.
Have had for 2 years now. Love the radar and accuracy.
Great app. Spot on and the warnings come at a good time.
Thanks for great weather software, the real time lightning strikes is very accurate, it would be nice for a visual refresh at some point
Good app and good customer service via email. I use this app every day.
Does what it says, The wallpaper is awesome too.
Does what it says, The wallpaper is awesome too.
Does exactly what it says it does. I have this app installed on all my android devices. A must have for any weather junky!
Motorola Admiral XT603 Android 2.3.5. WB Elite seems to B functioning properly for me. Love ability to drop pins to mark locations on radar. Radar working for me.
Awesome app for LG Thrill 4G
i love it
Neighborhood level forecasts and alerts, using Android's push tech so you get the alert before it is to late.
Real good
App
Just keep the updates rolling
I love it
Works great, glad I bought it. I bought it like a year ago and I've ran it on all my new phones and I'm currently running the LG Thrill 4G. Better then any other weather app I've tried.
Best weather app
Best weather app
Best appp
Precipitation info (current/monthly) almost never populates. Otherwise, I have no complaints with this app!
The best
Has accurate intellicast style radar over google maps with traffic option. Forecast I think is NWS.  IMO best weather app.
Accurate weather and nice interface. I like it
Best weather app out there. Doppler and temperature from the notification bar makes it worth every penny
Great for info in a power outage during tornado warnings and watches.  I dont have any problems that others seem to be having.  Running on a Droid x²
Gistogram Inv jjj
Gistogram Inv jjj
Accurate fast easy to use loaded with useful info! Samsung galaxy S3
Great app!
works as advertised.
Of all the weather apps. available Weather Bug Elite sets the bar.
I like this app. It can be spotty sometimes, but I figure that is usually because of bad weather.
I've been looking for a way to put my name on my home screen. And it has cool colors and fonts! Thanks!!!
Different themes would be cool
Works better.
I use it all the time. When I'm out climbing or mtn biking i use the radar to tell if I'm gonna get hammered by a storm, or how much time i have left, or if its gonna miss us. In the morning its super convenient for figuring out what yer gonna do that day, or which direction to head for better weather, when u have the weather forecast and radar right there at your finger tips. No glitches on either of my current devices or my old Incredible.
Always a helpful tool when needing to know the weather outside!!
Even though it's 80° out here, the task bar temp says 59°. Refreshing the data has no effect. Please fix this weatherbug bug. I like the radar in this app.
If you want an app to let you know when an alert is issued then this is the app for you the play back could be faster but a great app
I have tried many and this App is the best ever. They are practically instantaneous and allows me to watch weather patterns move precisely! Great job!
Use every day, love it!!!!!
Great app
This was my favorite app but suddenly it stopped working today. It will not load, regardless of what I try to do to fix it. You pay for an app you expect it to work!
If you're looking for a good weather app you won't be disappointed!  WB provides you a through depiction of the 'weather to come'  and current conditions too.  Customizations are really handy!
Nice, finally getting precipitation fact to come in
Great App! Use it all the time, awesome information. The only problem I ran into is when they made the last update, I should be able to post alerts to Facebook. No matter what I do, I can't post any alerts to Facebook. Other then that, great app!
Google Nexus 7. Great app works flawlessly with jelly bean.
This is a nice, well done, and stable app.
This is the best weather application I've had it has the most customizable features of all of the applications I've seen. It also is the easiest to look at and navigate between different screens with lots of customizable features
I love this app! I use it every single day of my life. Definately worth the money. Its so up to date and accurate all the time. No problems whatsoever
There's a lot of good here, but I would like to have seen better radar... Or any usable radar interface. It just freezes if it shows anything at all. For all other purposes, it works great.
What happened this extremely slow on both my phone and tablet that are both ICS.  PLEASE FIX!!
Awesome.....
The app constantly freezes and becomes unresponsive when trying to load the animated radar.
Really useful layout and interface. Some of the other apps seem/look cooler,  but they fall flat when you are trying to make plans based on the weather.
Used the pc version for years, glad they brought it over to the proud. Does what it says it will,plus some.
With the new version of Razr Maxx that was just issued, the temp notification is now almost unreadably small. Would be great if this could be addressed soon. Love the Bug!
It lets me know when to wear long johns or ice shorts. It just needs a umbrella add on lol. Great app guys
My company is prone to lighting strikes and weather bug elite is a great help to me 5 stars. Way to go weather bug
The best weather app I've found. Its well worth paying two bucks for no adds and an extra widget. Great app.
Works great, looks beautiful, everything you need in weather.  It's not slow, not too big.some people need to update their phones. Update:  Good choices for radar map filters.
Way better than TWC.
I like seeing the weather in different parts of town.
I like seeing the weather in different parts of town.
Works great!
I would give this more stars but the radar has failed me when a tornado was headed right for my location. Couldn't see anything for miles.
Update, keep up the good work
Fantastic tech support and very good app!
I use this everyday, well worth the download.  I purchase very few apps, but this one I did.  Very happy with it!
Best weather application on the market by far
The best weather app out there. Maps are accurate when you expecting rain.
Great
This I'd an awesome app that everyone should get.
Number one
Could use a little makeover
Works great
Works great
Great app don't leave home without it
Sends out alerts even if turned off.
The new update really made this app shine!  much faster now!
Love this app!
Love this app!
Works better on my Electrify than the accuweather does.
The best weather service. Fully comprehensive. Highly recommend.
This tool used to work great. Not sure what happened but it send to be crashing a lot. Severe weather in dfw this evening. Please fix this asap!
That radar loop thing was bugging me too, but you fixed it.  Now, the radar loop pauses on the last frame, not the first.  Nice, thanks.
I came here from weather channel app, and I love it.
On HTC Rezound the radar image does not fill the entire frame for the widget, leaving a translucent frame that extends beyond the radar image.
Best weather report for the area I live in.
Right now, at 10:40pm on July 13, 2012 in Cleveland, Ohio, this app is telling me it is 37 degrees outside.  Really??  It's actually 77.  Ridiculous.  Fix this now.
Right now, at 10:40pm on July 13, 2012 in Cleveland, Ohio, this app is telling me it is 37 degrees outside.  Really??  It's actually 77.  Ridiculous.  Fix this now.
Love my weatherbug.  Take it with you on trips and see 'up ahead' the interstate for storms!
Can't live without it. :)
Can't live without it. :)
I'm a pilot and amature weather watcher.  Thie WeatherBug app is the most comprehensive collection of important ways to see the weather.  It is the best weather app I've experienced.  The  large number of weather overlays on the world wide map are all informative and makes this app phenomenally powerful.
This app is worth the money. Very accurate, fast, and functional.
I love this app as it will warn me when we r expecting tornadoes or thunderstorms i also like to watch the weather patterns with the radar
I love this app as it will warn me when we r expecting tornadoes or thunderstorms i also like to watch the weather patterns with the radar
it needs an option for hd. I would probably watch it if it was not so grainy and blurry
Awesome weather app! Great radar and forecast details.
I've had it for some time now. It has gotten better with age and I use it a lot. Lightning display could be better
Always been a weatherbug fan and the app is just as good.
Clearly displays all the necessary information you want or need to know about the weather in your area and any other area you designate.  Logical and uncluttered format allows you to navigate comfortably to other facets of weather conditions or upcoming forecasts. Alerts are immediate & thorough. Beats TWC & all others I've tried.
Love this app...so many wx stations, wx-cams, maps, just great features. EVO 4g
Love it.  Thx 4 it!!
I have used this app for years with several phones.  The widgets are practical & look good.
Much faster refresh and accurate location!
Definitely 1of the best weather apps around! Lots of features!  Sent from my SGS3 32Gb
Love it...better than the others...
Nice app, works well now and having many layers to choose from is nice.  Added a star - Bug fixed:  loops pause at the first frame, not the last/current frame.  No longer a problem.  Great weather app now, maybe the best.
This is the best and most reliable app out there. Accurate temperatures, forecasts, and easy to access radars.
Great
Works great. Animated weather radar is nice.
Love it! EVO 4g!
Best weather application on Google play. Very informative.
Must have
This is very accurate with lots of features. YTD & mtd items aren't usually correct, but that's really my only complaint. Temp, forecast, alerts, radar, pollen count, weather cams...all for various cities (for travel plans or to keep an eye on friends/family)...what more could you want? One of very few paid apps I have.
Best weather app
Thanks for the update
Like beautiful widget
Weatherbug was the first to warn me about a dangerous storm that blew out all my windows and put a tree thru the roof that landed my 2 year olds bed even before the sirens went off.
The UI is still old. How about a new look to match Android 4.1
If only your computer program was 1/10th as good...
If only your computer program was 1/10th as good...
I use this app to relay severe weather warnings  over amateur radio repeaters so i can spread the word to as many local amateur operators as possible. Great app!
Sound alert notifications not working. I depend on this app for the sound alert notifications when my family is sleeping.
Sound alert notifications not working. I depend on this app for the sound alert notifications when my family is sleeping.
Works great! Can't live without it!
Had it from day one. Nothing beats their temperature notification in the top left corner
It works well who cares what it looks like. It's what it does that counts, and this application does it well. Oh! It looks hmm too. Galaxy s3
It works well who cares what it looks like. It's what it does that counts, and this application does it well. Oh! It looks hmm too. Galaxy s3
Best weather app out there.
I love this app. It works great for me. I have no problem with maps or gps locating me. Droidx
Great app. Keeps me informed on weather alerts where ever I'm at.
Good
Gives too many fake weather alerts not associated with the NWS  or NOAA. Half decent radar and 5 day forcast make it worth keeping though. Get radar scope if you want real radar data.
Temperature is about twenty degrees off for my location since the last update.  For instance, right now in my location, Weather Bug Elite shows 78 degrees after refreshing, and it is actually 98 degrees..  Really???   Went from awesome app.  to a very unreliable app.
Best ever!
Great app! Could you increase the size of the temperature in the notification bar in the next update though? It's barely legible as of now. Thanks for the hard work!
Good live wallpaper
Reliable. Use it daily.
I am an app junky and I test multiple apps that have the same service in order to pick the best. In the weather category it's Weather Bug Elite with no close competition. Keep up the great work! Wish list for travelers like myself: add weekly, monthly and yearly forecast predictions and the ability to track more than 1 location at a time. Thanks Team Weather Bug!
Used to work great on both my old Droid X and my current RAZR. Recently,  it's been refusing to load. Gave me that "failed to update, tap to reload message." Tapped it to reload, nothing happens.                     Fix that and 5 stars.
This is by far the most intuitive and offers the most options.  Love the wigets.  Love the screens.  I surf all the info on all the different screens.  The radar maps update quickly on my Galixey S II.  Great App!!
This is by far the most intuitive and offers the most options.  Love the wigets.  Love the screens.  I surf all the info on all the different screens.  The radar maps update quickly on my Galixey S II.  Great App!!
Gives accurate weather.
Gives accurate weather.
Great app
Nice!
Love it
Love this app. It keeps me up to date with the weather.
Since i got new ATRIX it's working like it should. Couldn't access all the features on my backflip.
Works great good price
My how weather bug has changed since being a virus bundled with aol instant messenger. I couldn't stand the ads from the weather channel app anymore and I'm glad I switched.
I only have one complaint. And that is the size of the temperature icon in the notification bar. Since my RAZR is now running ICS the size of it is now considerably smaller. A fix for this would be very nice.
Fantastic application form & function.
Great app, always use this app...
Lightning quick up to date weather pollen count radar you name it
Most accurate weather app. I have tried alot.
Perfect.better than other
Weather Bug has been the most accurate, at reporting the temperature and conditions at my house, of the many weather apps that I have tried.  Easy to use. Good radar, with animation, pinch to zoom and easy to pan.  For me, this app has been the best.  I tried the free version, but the ads started to play videos at random on my Droid X, so I bought the Elite version.  Very happy now.
I've been using it the past couple years.  Was great on my old Droid.  It's looking pretty dated now on my Galaxy Nexus compared to most new apps.  It could really use a whole UI revamp and some animation smoothing/optimization.
App worked great love it
The best weather app I've tried and I've tried a number if them. Spent the couple $ on the ad free version as the pop up ads were annoying. Would like to see a radar/ cloud setting feature and not have to choose between the two.
Radar and conditions are accurate ...best weather app
A must have
Since last update cannot reorder locations in the app...however, it is still the best comprehensive weather app and a good value.
Best weather app. Great features.
Could throw in a theme or two. At least they update the app.
Love it!
This app is SO much better than the weather channel app! Much less of a data hog than the weather channel app and much more user friendly! GOTTA GET THIS APP!!!!!!!
If it has air quality, I can't find it. I want something for my 81-year-old mother's Nexus One, but with her breathing problems, I definitely want ozone & particulates.
If it has air quality, I can't find it. I want something for my 81-year-old mother's Nexus One, but with her breathing problems, I definitely want ozone & particulates.
Great app!!!!!
Works great
This is the only app that I've found which has both radar maps and alerts.
Why did you remove the option to disable background updates?
Awesome
I use it all the time. It shows two hours of raider activity, very good sins I live in Miami...
I have had this app on three different phone and three different networks xperia play with att and straight talk lg enlighten with verizon and now with tmobile and it works with no problems great app
Only one problem; the radar animation stops on the oldest frame, not the last one.  Other than that, two thumbs up.
Has better radar detail than the news channel's
Has better radar detail than the news channel's
Best weather out there! I utilize this app throughout the day for temps at a glance and what's around the corner. View day, week, even hour by hour to plan your activities. Have tried many others but this is indeed....The Best weather app available.
Best weather app so far
NETTER THEN WEATHER CHANNEL!! THE BEST
Highly recommended.  Best weather app I've found.
Make sure you turn on the "sync" feature of your smart/cellphone to get the latest updates. Loved the sharing feature, too.
I have absolutely no problems with this app. I use it all the time. It has so many features amd love the UI
Weather at the touch of a button. Manage multiple locations. Receive alerts for hazardous storms.
The only weather app of pay for. Best features for the money and best radar for under $15
That does what it says it will do
Awesome
Love it. Use it everyday.
The latest update removed the follow me function. This is the feature i need most as a truck driver. Whats going on?  It does work but you have to select GPS mode and there is no 'follow me'  verbage. This should have been explained in the update.
Te only current issue is that the animated radar map pauses on the 1st panel and not on the last.
Love the radar and cams.
Easy to use, more real time weather radar maps would be an improvement
This is an awesome app!!  Love it!!!
I purchased this after trying several other weather apps (both free and purchased) for my Droid 2. This is by far my favorite. I like the layout of it on my home screen as well as the fact that it automatically updates to your location. Many of the other apps I had tried said they did that but either they didn't or it was way too slow. This app also has severe weather warnings and radar photos, as well as many other cool features. I'm glad I finally found a good one! It's worth the money.
Works perfect  2.3.6
Works perfect  2.3.6
One of the few apps I didn't mind paying for the upgrade. - Droid, Incredible
AD-LESS IS WORTH THE SMALL PRICE TAG. I HAVE FOUND NO CONS FOR MY LIST YET. LOVE THE LOOK AND LAYOUT. GREAT APP. GOOD TO HAVE ON A ROAD TRIP.IF ONLY GOOGLE WOULD INCORPORATE THIS APP INTO A GOOGLE MAP/ NAVIGATE LAYER.
This is an exceptionally easy to use and reliable application I love it
Make sure to turn on GPS and battery tracking.
Love the Elite widget and alerts. It's nice to have weather info from just a few miles away.   App fun flawlessly and never any trouble with it. Definitely recommend.
Great
I've tried other apps but I keep coming back to Weather Bug.  Its easy to set up, doesn't hog the battery or ram.  I think this has one has one of the best radar maps as well.
I would give it 5 stars if I could move it to my sd card.
Weather radar overlay doesn't show fully at times. Though ths would be fixed by now for a 'paid' app.
I have enjoyed this app for years and used it during international travel. AWESOME!!!
Please fix radar as it keeps breaking up and can't be seen in some spots.
It works, without fuss. One of the best doppler radar displays.
Still the best but please update the UI, we're not on froyo anymore ICS has class :)
Must have!
Easy to use, get it and enjoy it.
Gives a "Failed to load data" error. Attempted to reinstall and got same error.
Often weather not accurate and maps never up to date. Shows sunny when in fact it rains outside
Please make the notifications separately toggleable as i only want the temp in my status bar and do not want the ongoing event in my pulldown notifications
Excellent app. Gives me what I need.
Best wx app by far. Flawless & comprehensive.
Love the multiple day widget! Placed it on my lock screen...and voila....my forecast at a glance. Pretty accurate...and doesn't seen too eat as lot of battery.
Awesome
Excellent app
Not bad
By far the best weather app. Everything I need living in the southeast at the touch of my finger. Great Job!
Love app
Used this daily since G1-Great app. Works well on HTC Sensation. Unsure of logic to pre-set pause animated radar on oldest frame instead of newest?
Very useful app and alerts me to severe weather
No comments really either. Does what it was made to. Accurately.
With app
always works great, people say radar is slow..that is not true. People need to realize it is their connection. And if you have bad service change the ANIMATION FRAMES LOWER! COMMON SENSE USE THE PREFERENCES PEOPLE...4g/wifi works amazing with very high animation frames!
Easy, awesome, accurate.
Very good my best app.
Great. Keeps getting better. Turn off background notification to save battery.
End of the line homie
Tried others, still beats others. Only app that has radar widget that I know of.
Very cool!
The widget updates better on my photon than on my evo, nut it is still slow...
I love weatherbug!
So handy and easy to use.
great App, mostly accurate easy to use
Easy & accurate
Great app. Keeps me up to date on current conditions.
Love it. Please add clock weather widget.
This has everything I expect. Animated maps, auto-updated location, etc.
Great!
Great app.
Happy with this app droidx
Finally an update! And it fixed my problem with the Widget! Wooohooo!
Great
Fast!
Great app keeps you up to date on weather conditions and sets off severe weather alerts immediately
Love the app. Wish it had the ability to select backyard weather stations... It's well written and accurate. This is my most used app! My complaint is widget auto switches to background color.
Love it
Best I have found for a quick and accurate forecast.
Works very well!  Use it everyday!  Galaxy Nexus
Tried em all...this is the best
Dependable source for weather details & alerts.
I've had this app since android 1.5 and my old g1.love it
I like the weather widget that gives a quick look at today and the next three days.
I luv Weather Bug.
Still the best
Best app I found for weather....  motodroid razor
A must have app
Could you please make the back button not take you out of the app but just back to the last screen?
Great app! I live on remote corner of Northern Calif. & am getting good info. Thx!
The best for this weathergeek.
I love it. The only problem I ever have with it is the alert system. Gets annoying when I clear it and it pops right back up 20 mins later.
Awesome, application a must have!
Looks of different widgets, though one can't customize them that much.  Best radar of all the apps, very important as I use it for work.
Thinks I'm in a different since update. What happened? And, new icon? I can't see it.
Been using this app for some time now and was worth the 99 cents.
Nice program & pretty accurate
Love this app. I have had zero issues with the app on either of my smart phones.
Works for what I need it for. Map is leaps and bounds more responsive with 5-2 update.
Not impressed. The ipod version is much better. I can never get it to load. It constantly says to refresh then won't load.
Not impressed. The ipod version is much better. I can never get it to load. It constantly says to refresh then won't load.
I use this for planning all my outdoor activities.  Very helpful and accurate
I use this for planning all my outdoor activities.  Very helpful and accurate
Great app, one of my main weather apps, maybe different interfaces/themes would be nice, cheers!
Doesn't work anymore after this update. Hitting refresh but it can never find any data.. It's constantly loading with no resluts.
Awesome weather app & I love the alerts.
Nice app!
Working great. Use a couple times a day. Works even better with WIFI.
√  works good on my devices. I prefer the non-ad versions of apps where possible
tons of info!
No one comes close to the quality of this app
If you can add a time and temperature widget. I'll be really happy.
1 of the best apps out there
You people with these complaints are idiots...learn to use the app
Best weather app on the market Beats Google and accuweather get this one. The only thing missing from this application is a live animated wallpaper.  HTC Inspire
Works great use it all the time galaxy nexus
Works great use it all the time galaxy nexus
I'm a roofer
Best weather app out there. Quick to load and accurate. Really like the widgets and the ability to make their background transparent.
#1 Weather app. There is none better. Droid X
They finally fixed the ICS compatibility issues. Happy with the app again. Thanks guys!
But the radar widget finally works on ICS
But the radar widget finally works on ICS
The update has big problems. Keeps losing locations randomly. I have re entered the cities 6 times now. Fix it. (droid x)
Works great on my Samsung Galaxy S2. Even out in the middle of a huge lake, I was notified of warnings.
Amazing app.  Elite is worth the buy.  My company relies on knowing what tomorrow will bring.  This app delivers!
Great application!!!!!
Love this app!
Use it everyday to check the hourly forecast.
Paid version.  Perfect for my uses.
Radar widget is very buggy. Do not buy: free version good enough, now that 'premium' functionality is broken.
I love the weather bug.. Great alerts
I've owned this app for 2 years and its telling me I don't have a license and need to buy it. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, but no luck. Will give 5 stars when I can have it back...at no charge.
Work great. Keeps my family safe when we need it.
Work great. Keeps my family safe when we need it.
Need I say more...
This is a Very Nice App.
Love the app, but the update seems to have removed the ability to disable automatic refreshes. I only want the updates on open (I use beautiful widgets for my info and WB for details). It makes me sad that I might have to uninstall because of this.
This is my favorite weather app.  I love love love the radar map. It helps me to plan whether or not to take a walk or to know a big storm cell is on the way.
I for one love the bigger temp icon. It's easier to see. But this app does need a UI overhaul.
Great app!~¤
Is it possible the last update has a bug? Info won't load
Can see the temp properly on my GNex now.  Thanks WeatherBug!
Can see the temp properly on my GNex now.  Thanks WeatherBug!
Still one of the best weather apps. Update makes it much better. Everything opens in a instant. So far running great.
The most detail with the best look.
Hear weather app but I can't get precipitation too load. Fix it folks..
Nice!
Super weather detail!!
The maps widget with radar is constantly crashing and must be reinstalled on screen every time. Please fix
Force Close every time I look at radar. Did not have this problem w/ free version?
Works great
New notification icon font is much better.
Fix?
It's everything I really need in aweather app. The widgets are perfect & the customizable alerts let me know when somethings up. Especially here in the Midwest.  - HTC Evo 4G
Haven't found a better app. Thanks for the good work
It's definitely a weather app
Love it on ics.  Love it for my Pc.
Best weather app!
Head and shoulders above Weatherunderground and other apps, but the widget must load faster-it ties my phone up for several minutes on startup.
Don't leave home without it!
On the money
I have tried them all and I think this is the most accurate and gives the most info. No one else provides the chance of precipitation in the forecast. That is essential to me. Thanks!
Love it! HTC Sensation
Excellent app, I love it!
I can finally see the temp in the status bar. Thanks for making the font bigger on my Galaxy Nexus!
Works great! Even maps load much faster than my 3G iPhone did.
Love it
Good but the UI and widgets look and feel old.
Best weather app out there
It updates to my current location unlike the other ones that I have tried!!! Works great!
I use this app everyday in my trucking business and it keeps me out of trouble. It's a great tool!
I love this app but lately I hate updates, they keep causing problems. Please make sure your updates are solid before releasing them. Its getting old.
GREAT APP.... LOVE IT
Love this app. Just want a symbol directory. Plz
Love this app. Just want a symbol directory. Plz
Great app!
Always seems to work!
A must have
Glad to buy it.
For a paid app I would like to see more radar tools. Everything else is great.
Great app. Very useful for alerts. I LOVE THIS APP!! Thanks!!
With live wallpaper radar map on, this app used more than 2GB last month.  Be careful if on limited data plan.
Just a wonderful app. I tried tons of different weather apparently, and whittled it down to just this.
Yay! Great app
Great app on my HTC hero s better than the weather app that came on my phone
RPh
Like everyone else it keeps forceclosing when looking at radar during severe storms especially ones producing tornadoes. Fix it!!!
No its 6° F !!!
Need to add the tides & surf reports for fishing as well. But a helluva app
Real *4* feel cold min PC
Great app!
Works a lot better then the weather channel app even does alerts properly. Worth buying the pro edition.
No trouble with it on multiple devices. Layout is good. Radar portion is very useful.
Best weather app & widget out there!
Epic app, love all the information it provides and never had it freeze once, worth the $
Works great on droid razr
When will android get the slick new interface that iOS just received?
Wish the map wouldn't block out around your location at times but great app! Please Update!
:-)
Nice app.
I emailed the developer and they are aware but they have no idea how to fix it nor how long it will take.
Location feature works like a charm
Accurate. Love it. Keeps me updated on back home and my current home.
This app is great, most of the trouble I read was user error. You can change the amount of updates their volume and how often. It is a good app droid 3
A great app.
A great app.
I've finally gotten tired of looking outside at rain and having this app tell me it's partly cloudy.  The current status is hardly ever right, the forecasts are quite poor, and somehow even the radar map is incorrect half the time!  This app is unreliable, and hard to use...I visited Florida last year, and occassionally the mapis defaults back to Jacksonville. Strongly recommend against this app.
I like
Has worked well on last three Moto Droids (1-3), RAZR, and Galaxy tab.
One of the best weather apps out there...and for a worth-it price.
I like "My Cast " Weather better. However, Weather Bug has a live radar widget and a live radar wallpaper.  These features give this app a 5 Star rating!
Keeps telling me to buy and then it shuts down.  I'm not going to pay for an app over and over.
This app has everything you need. Great for warnings of bad weather.
This is a very good app. Nice widget and customization options.  Keeps you very informed on the weather.  A little slow to load sometimes.  No ads.
Worth the paid version for the live background radar.
Local windspeed is now working, not a developer issue but from local provider. Well-done app...
Have been using this for years excellent.
Used daily for a very long time and it simply works as it should.
Couldn't be any better!
SIMPLY THE BEST!!!  "PIRATE - X "
Good app
Love it!
Greatest weather app out there, I've tried alot of them and finally upgraded to elite to get rid of ads, awesome weather app
Very handy app.
Works like a charm.
Jf,this app rocks an no other app comes close in my book.seariously give this app a try an i promise after the free version ull wnt full version.
Had to downgrade to get it to work.
Nice program. Has everything I need-including other cities. The pictures are a real plus. Thank you.
Runs smoother on my LG Optimus S without the ads.  Excellent program as always.  Thank you for improving the app consistently!  I remember using Weatherbug back in 2001 or so on my Win98!
The best. Has all options that make it amazing & it's pretty accurate, not as accurate as weather underground but at least it has all the nice features.
Great app :)
Pd for app and no regrets whatsoever!!
Love it. It helps me know whats going on with the weather when im out hunting or fishing
Provides a comprehensive synopsis of the info you need, especially when traveling, without the useless drivel.  Great format and presentation.
This was by far the best of four or five I tried. Sensible presentation, most accurate temps for my area, nicest widgets, etc.
App runs better than the weather channel's app.
Just changed Preferences for Notification color & text color to white to take care of black screen on Samsung Nexus.
Having some troubles, said my weather bug Elite was not purchased from the market and would not run worked great for years ...downloaded again back in
Very nice app. Like it shows u radar and u can set many locations. Well worth it, and works great on my HTC evo 3d.
Pretty awesome app! Weather impacts so many things in our lives. Since I was impressed with the free version I decided to buy it.
Easy to use, tons of features. I love the Doppler radar that lets you animate over the last couple of hours.
I love this app! I rely on this for my main source weather! Great job!!
Love it on my Droid Bionic!
Live wallpaper Radar on HTC Desire is working again.  No problems.
Live wallpaper screen turning black
Rapid fix of stuck date, coinciding with same problem on website. Many thanks to the dev team.
Still the greatest app.
Still the greatest app.
If you have a HTC Rezound with the OTA firmware update, DO NOT INSTALL this app!  If you use "Current Location" for your city you may experience rapid overheating and eventually endless boot-looping! Not solely the fault of the app but something to do with the app, location services and the network. This does not happen on the free version.
Nice widgets, and the forecast at a glance is great.
Worked really good for a while then the wallpaper would just go black. Tried to uninstall and then reinstall it but that didn't work either. Gave it three stars for some of the features but still disappointed with the app.
Awesome app
Had to uninstall for much space needed, but would like to save to sd if possible to reinstall
I use it every day
I like being able to update it, though lately it hasn't be receiving the automatic temperature updates.
Thanks.
Simply the best weather app!!!!!
Even with it's flaws. I'm a longtime user. I love this Android version, with lightning strikes and stormpath polygons.
I have been a faithful Weatherbug Elite user on my Blackberry.  Now that I have a DROID, it's still my "main" app!  I love the widget and use it on my home page.  I strongly recommend purchasing it!
Great!!
It's always good to know what's coming and for how long.
Does what it says on the tin and unlike lots of other weather apps it doesn't want access to totally irrelevant personal data which is a major plus point. Nice UI and pretty accurate most of the time.
and all the information you want in a weather app. Works perfectly on my Galaxy Nexus. Like that you can put day's forecast in notification slider.
But stll my favorite app.The animated radar feature is priceless. The best I have found. Where are the updates? Bionic.
Idk what problems y'all are having but everything works on my Droid RAZR MAXX.
On nexus s4g with ICS 4.0.3 please fix! Some features are usable, but the "my location" doesn't work.
The free version worked great so I thought I'd spend $ 2 to get rid of the ads. Paid version won't even open. Hope I get a refund.
Pd version on Droid 2. Works great, lots of features, well worth a few bucks. Weather Channel kept getting bugs or wouldn't have the correct location.  Accuweather's opt out section wouldn't work properly-a lot of 3rd party cookies/ads.  This is great, exactly what I need.
Better than free version...no ads!
Took me a while to get it working due to download errors, but it works like a charm!  This is the best weather app on android by a long shot!
Works great love the radar.
Back to being great. Thanx for the quick fix .
Very nice looking app. Wish it worked. When first installed, worked ok. After recent update(s), no longer syncs properly.
Weather bug has been there for us along time. I prefer weather bug over others out there. My cast weather is my next fav...but weather bug is cheaper and  I always seem to use it way more then the others. Thanks weather bug!
Also, probably the best radar live wallpaper.  However, I would pay another $5 or $10 if I could zoom down to the city level and if the cities were also depicted on the map.
:)
Update: 1/2012     I give this software 6 stars! Well written and well thought out. Stable and well worth the price or upgrade.
Galaxy S 2 NO PROBLEMS EVER
I like Weather Bug, but the map widget is very inconsistent and buggy, sometimes it works but many times it doesn't.
After auditioning a host of weather app
I've tried several different apps, and this one is the best, in my opinion. But the Bug should be aware of the Weather Underground app, a most likely competitor.
Love setting this in my notification ...makes my X swagged out doe :D
Great so far. Incredible
Best weather app out there.
Best whether app on the market
STILL very basic tablet support with graphics problems on all the widgets.  Few updayes from devs.
I have been diligently searching for the best weather application...I have installed and uninstalled several applications and this one is without question the best.
Excellent weather app. Faster, better graphics, more features. WeatherBug Elite has come a long way. Moto Droid Bionic.
I've been a fan of WeatherBug since their PC days and there's a reason why! Certainly worth the purchase to help them out.
Being a storm chaser I have lots of weather apps and weatherbug elite is one of the ones I use the most. Alerts me to svr wx plus lightning!
Absolutely fantastic! Best out there!
Accurate, fast response, gives you the info you need when you need it. Runs smooth on my Original Droid.
Accurate, fast response, gives you the info you need when you need it. Runs smooth on my Original Droid.
Accurate, fast response, gives you the info you need when you need it. Runs smooth on my Original Droid.
Brilliant!
always had this weather  map, and always going to have this weather map,I think this app. Had a hick up 5 years ago fixed in couple min. just wanna te
The UI could use a refresh though.
The UI could use a refresh though.
This is the best weather App for Android, period.  Better widgets and faster temperature updating make this one of my favorite Apps.
Very nice, thank you guy's. I love the enhanced radar/satellite images and the weather cameras. Well worth the $$.
Much beyer than the buggy Weather Channel app, this is the one to use!
Use it daily, especially when camping, hunting and fishing.
I had this on my Pc now on my phone. The only app i have for over yr. Dont lag. Best weather app. Out there.
Looks good to me.
Looks good to me.
Droid 2 Global. Awesome app. Works great!
Droid 2 Global. Awesome app. Works great!
workes good
The app is great! Use it several times a day on my Samsung Tab and Galaxy S Phone. Only problem I've had is when the live wallpaper is applied. My Galaxy S (EH17) reboots several times a day with it on. Remove the wallpaper - phone stays on for days.  Otherwise, best weather app out there!
This is my second smart phone and have been very happy with weather bug all the time
love the doppler
Working great again, thank you.
I appreciate this application.
I appreciate this application.
Still the best weather app period.....upgraded and its better than ever with alot more weather tools....must download....DROID R2D2
Had this on my Blackberry Touch and glad I found it for my Galaxy S and love the fact that you can explore the weather for any area in the world.  Tried it with Ibiza.
This app is the best of all app, that I ever use. I'm a deer hunter. And it is very accurate. I recommend, to all. Try it u like it.
Love it!
. Best weather program available!
. Best weather program available!
Thanks for fixing this great app..
Great app
It has an occasional bump in the road but overall is a wonderful app.
A great and useful app for those who desire to have weather info at their fingertips. Lots of indepth info.. best weather app I have installed!
Great app. Upgraded from free version. Best I've used on the market. HD2 Tytung 2.7 Gingerbread 2.3.4
does everything you'll need! recently stopped updating weather after market update; uninstall & reinstall fixed issue
Works amazing!
People are dumb, I've had no problems with this app for the first 2 years I had it, now its down for a day and everyone starts giving it 1 star.
People are dumb, I've had no problems with this app for the first 2 years I had it, now its down for a day and everyone starts giving it 1 star.
I have unistalled which is crap. And reistalled rebooted and still nothing.
Great app...was...won't update. Uninstalled, reset, etc...not working. Would love an update to fix the bug.
ok people, I've uninstalled and re-installed and it's all working again. A pain to have to input your data again I know, but at least it will work!!
for update issues. Remove widget from homescreen, then go to settings; apps; running services shut down WB. Reopen WB, relaunch widget. Done.
If only I could give negative stars.... I got duped into paying for the elite version, and no surprise, it NEVER EVER WORKS. Total CRAP.
Very useful for any outdoor activity. Better than watching the news, let's you see moving radar images do you can tell how soon a storm my hit or miss
For some reason, plz fix. ツ
it be cool if wind direction was shown on a real working compass instead of figuring out where north is? :)
Motion radar fixed!!!! 5 stars ;)
Works great excellent data
This is the best weather app for a droid. Constantly updating you everywhere on your phone! Easy to use.
More features for paid version? Ex. Lightning distance calculator
Ther is no information weather between kuwait to muneafa & jubeal to dammam in saudi arabia until salwa on the boord of qater we used  racing pigeons
Weather site accurate, widget nicely done just the right amount of information and you can choose from four different widgets.
I have HTC Evo and its a awesome app, must have. Elite works faster than the free version plus with no ads.
Works great, is fairly accurate. No problems with fc.
Love this app! It can make your phone run a little slow with all the automatic updates and what not but other than that it is great!
This should be able to install on the sd card! Or smaller file size.
This should be able to install on the sd card! Or smaller file size.
Works great
Wonderful app
Wonderful app
I've had this app for years I live it. I am so lost with out it. It's very accurate I get warnings for severe weather before anyone else. Worth the it
Love the updates on local weather situations!
i puchased this app before. after i upgrade to 2.3. when i download this. i got charged again！
ITS NEVER RIGHT!!!!
Great, amazing
Very nice interface, too. Get as little or as much info as you like. Easy to disable gps, unlike the stock app. Hate to pay, but worth it.
My favorite weather app.
I like the app, responsive, loads of info, radar. Worth the money
Best Weather App Ever
Great app. Works perfect with all t mobile smart phones. I have a mytouch 4G and mytouch slider 4G and LG Optimous and works wonderfull on all of them
Works great!
Works great!
Don't buy unless you really want the minimal extra features. The free version works just as well.
Its come a long way
They send admin alerts non-stop,same ones multiple times. Not weather alerts, alerts about crap. Too bad they just started and I cant get money back.
Almost first app I reinstall after a rom change. Very useful and accurate. Xperia Arc S 2.3.4 stock rom.
Keeps deleting locations and unchecking "my location" option by its self. unusable currently.
Bug fixed, works again.
The  best weather app
It works great. It is worth the cost.
Much improved since I used it last.
Much improved since I used it last.
It is so easy  to use  and is so fast
My job revolves around the forecast so it's nice to have weather bug!
Is not functioning well.
Dosen"t work after reboot. Samsung Galaxy S.
Best weather app I've found.
Good weather app!
Is there any way to stop repeat notifications from appearing?  It's great that I can get a weather notification, but once I clear it, I don't want to keep seeing the notification everytime WB updates/refreshes.      Regardless, this is a 5 Star App!
Works well with the DROID X!
Use 2 love this app. Now, this is the most unreliable app on my phone. Don't dload this, complete waste of $$$!!!
Loved it longtime. Now just sux cok. 30 miles from home still gives home as my location. Background update in status bar dosent match app. homescreen.
Use it all the time
Love it keep up the good work
Working great on Mesmerize. Best weather app around!
Works superb on DROID X2. Good wherever I am in North America.
Great program! Radar is accurate and detailed. I'm able to keep up with weather all over north america.
Best weather app & widget available. I've been using WeatherBug for 2 years with absolutely no problems.
Best weather app & widget available. I've been using WeatherBug for 2 years with absolutely no problems.
Best weather app ever
Why no "Messages" under Share? Please add, pretty please. :)
Exelent
As seen through recent comments by other users, the widget no longer updates, it's constantly stuck in a "refreshing" state, and now I can't even bring up my info!! PLEASE FIX!!! Prior to these problems, W'bug worked beautifully! The radar in particular has helped me tremendously as I work nights delivering newspapers, and it's been very helpful in letting me know what kind of weather to expect and how long any precipitation would be in my area. PLEASE FIX THIS APPARENT CRASH THOUGH!!!
Works great
Definitely worth it!
The best weather app i have ever found
Excellent
Good app works well on the fascinate.
Best I've found, period! John
Wasn't working for me on Samsung Intercept anymore. Was force closing constantly after update. Working great on this phone though.
quik n ez local weather info w/ some graphic forecasting
Great app I like the local weather updates.
Great app I like the local weather updates.
Great app I like the local weather updates.
5 stars. Turning off app auto update. Don't trust them to not break their own app again. It works perfectly this time.
Worth paying for.
Often times gives simply wrong, inaccurate information. Occassionally gives incorrect wind direction, poor incomplete info re chance of precipitation.
Finally added a heat index feature; this is the only app I need now.
Been using free version for years. Finally decided to show support for an app I cant live without.
Very accurate.
Can be slow to load sometimes. For me, it is one of the few apps that is used on a daily basis
LOADING indolence... in dire need of PERPETUAL UPDATING...hmmm...whether bug related... WEATHERBUG belated...hah!
I had such high hopes for this app. It never got my location right (was off by 50 miles) and took forever to load weather data.
Works great on my g2. Had it for months and has never failed.
Perfect! (Samsung Epic - Galaxy S)
Very useful app. No bugs to report as of yet. Stays up to date and more accurate than Accuweather or Google.
This app RocKs!
The last update causes the app to crash before it even opens. Samsung Intercept
Like the features it has... Gives a great break down of the weather
This is best! Great alerts, accurate weather, maps show lightning- when checked in settings, but only when NOT annimated :( Please add Earthquakes!
Does what it says.
Works like a charm, keep up the good work guys!
I have 4 radar apps, this is the best, I still have the other 3, (PYKL3, Radar now and Storm Chase buddy) but this one is on my home page, works great on smaller screens. Full screen mode is actually full screen. LG Thrive
I love this app!
it shows cloudy conditions when is raining outside.
The entire Elite program works fine on Nexus-S 4G no problems nowhere. If you continue to have problems email them they may not read market comments
Dont complain.... This is the only working weather app I trust on android..... EVERY app forcecloses occasionally!!! Get over it, or get an iphone
Latest update crashes/ force close on Samsung Acclaim ... considering I paid for this full version it should work properly.
Get this app!
I'm sorta 30 degrees northeast of wherever, and this App is the most accurate. Thanks Mr. & Mrs. Bug
Force close after recent update. Won't work at all now. 3rd time I have had to uninstall this app. Not a happy customer right now. Please fix.
Best weather app!
Great ap. Live radar is the shizit
<3333
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
Great app! Very good radar view, accurate information. Emergency notifications work well.
Force close Samsung transform 2.2
Always has great info and is constantly updating!..I've become a fan!!
Always has great info and is constantly updating!..I've become a fan!!
Loved it for my computer now I love it on my Droid!
Great app. But needs a hurriane tracking option so I do not have to use 2 apps.
This is the greatest weather app
Thank you for the update. Finally works great again.
Thank you for the update. Finally works great again.
...and is very convenient, especially when traveling.
Great wx app for the Android phone. As a pilot best one I have found.
Does nothing but force close. Used to work, not anymore
Awesome
I use it everyday. Very helpful. Works well on Droid X in Martinsville, VA.
After the recent update I am happy with the app. 1 star to 5.
Great app.
Great app.
Great app.
Updates quickly over my 3G Optimus T. Doesn't use much data at all. And doesn't lock up like some other top weather app out there.
Great weather app.
Sweeeeeet
Keep up the good work keeps getting better. How about some Hurricane. Support screens?
I love it!
Enjoy weather bug
this thing locsin freezes up on me all the time
Has the best weather radar.
Would be better than official NWS if it provided the hazardous weather outlook... Otherwise, it's fanatic!
Constant force close at startup or when using radar. Temp fix by reinstalling or rebooting but problem quickly returns. Used to be a great app.
Since last update locations get cleared every 15 minutes or so. Makes widget useless! Droid charge
Force closes on Samsung Intercept with Android 2.2 (Froyo). Worked with Android 2.1! Uninstalling until updated. :( Otherwise rating would be 4 or 5.
A lot better, thank you.
Simply the best weather app on Android
Need British version
Awesome app!!
Finally getting lots of updates and working great. the best.
weather bug keeps you informed on what's going on around you and with live radar layed out over a map you can see what's around and where it's going
Thanks for fixing the problem working fine now
Great. I'm loving WB Elite. I noticed huge inaccuracies with the temp on the free version, but this seems to be better. Not sure why.
Great app! Bought even after reading negative reviews. Have no issues at all on my Droid 2.2
Works perfect! Just turned on my gps and Verizon gps. HTC thunderbolt
Right on! I can dig it. I'll make sure to stay away from the midwestern states during August.
Widget no longer updates by itself. Forecast was for 3 days ago. Unacceptable for a paid application!
No longer updates automatically.. Won't follow my location
Only had it a short while, but seems to work flawlessly and have easy access to what I want.
Get alerts repeatedly all day in 15 minute intervals regarding the same alert. Horrible development.
Works perfect use it every day I have had no issues. Nexus S 4g Android 2.3.5
This app is the single best weather app on all the major platforms. It's worth the buy, 5*s !
Needs move to SD card! !! Our will have to take off!!
By far my favorite and I think the best of all the weather apps! Very customizationable and VERY quick updates!
By far my favorite and I think the best of all the weather apps! Very customizationable and VERY quick updates!
Use it daily.
Love the fact that their are NO.ads.
Love it
Option, options, options! Easy to use. Does its job well.
App would be better if the live wallpaper would update like it used to.......
Great app.. I use this every day. Well worth the money.
CONSIDERING WE ACTUALLY PAID FOR THIS APP YOU SHOULD MAKE SURE THE FREAKING MAP WIDGET WORKS. IT DOESN'T REFRESH
CONSIDERING WE ACTUALLY PAID FOR THIS APP YOU SHOULD MAKE SURE THE FREAKING MAP WIDGET WORKS. IT DOESN'T REFRESH
Good
Good
I love this
Stopped updating and wont load. Please fix
Been using a while. The elite widget is the best I've found. however... noticed recently the forecasts are way out in uk. Please fix!!
I love this app, but after update it does not work properly. Widget doesn't update automatically
I use this every day.
The best
Use to work before update now I can't use live wallpaper even though I paid for it
Use to work before update now I can't use live wallpaper even though I paid for it
Gr8
Gr8
Ever since the update it's been slow and unreliable. Waiting for next update so I can re evaluate. Thunderbolt
If I could give it 0 stars I would. Completely useless ever since last update. REFUND PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
Live wallpaper stopped updating after a day, radar widget is hours behind without manual update... COME ON ALREADY!
I've never commented on an app before but this one deserves it. Really great design, GUI and functionality. Thanks!!
Best Weather app ever...The only one I found that you can shut off. It wont drain your battery down.. AAA+++
Best Weather app ever...The only one I found that you can shut off. It wont drain your battery down.. AAA+++
Best Weather app ever...The only one I found that you can shut off. It wont drain your battery down.. AAA+++
This is my most-used app. Just the right amount of info. Thanks for fixing the My Location feature.
Finally fixed. Wish it had a way to report a problem with a weather station. My location was reporting temp of 40 degrees on a 90 degree day.
Since latest update it seems as if program keeps screen on when using WiFi. Screen find but does not shut off. Using Thunderbolt on Verizon.
Since latest update it seems as if program keeps screen on when using WiFi. Screen find but does not shut off. Using Thunderbolt on Verizon.
Since latest update it seems as if program keeps screen on when using WiFi. Screen find but does not shut off. Using Thunderbolt on Verizon.
Since latest update it seems as if program keeps screen on when using WiFi. Screen find but does not shut off. Using Thunderbolt on Verizon.
Version 2.4.449 has been causing my HTC EVO to hang. I would pick up my phone, hit power button to turn it on, & it would boot up, tho it was running.
Wb, u suck soooo much now. I hate u cause i used to love u!!!
Wb, u suck soooo much now. I hate u cause i used to love u!!!
Needs more accurate wind speeds. Had 5 trees blown over on my block, said wind speeds up to 8mph... Wth?
Thx 4 the fixes! Everything appears to be working great on my Droid X. Back to a 5-star rating.
Great weather app! Once I paid for the elite version, it increased speed and features.
As an airline pilot, I rely on many WX sources, and this app is one of my favorites (and I have several WX apps). In fact, it's the only app I have ever purchased.
Was a great app...on my radar i now have a random white box in the bottom left corner where the zooms should be so...wtf?
Used to work but last update destroyed that. radar maps constantly force close app. Htc thunderbolt...
By far the best weather app once again. Was pretty bad for a while but new updates seem to have brought back why I purchased in the first place
...so I wait, and wait, and nothing. This worked yesterday. I'd like my $1.99 back. Grrr.
...so I wait, and wait, and nothing. This worked yesterday. I'd like my $1.99 back. Grrr.
Being using since my samsung moment and been great.
(7/23/11) Still good but broken. Stopped showing more than 2 lines of text on weather alerts about 4 or 5 weeks ago. Please fix!!!
(7/23/11) Still good but broken. Stopped showing more than 2 lines of text on weather alerts about 4 or 5 weeks ago. Please fix!!!
(7/23/11) Still good but broken. Stopped showing more than 2 lines of text on weather alerts about 4 or 5 weeks ago. Please fix!!!
Since the recent update, widget doesn't update weather unless I go into the app and refresh it. Many others experiencing same problem. MotoDroid 2.2.2
Awesome!!
Awesome!!
This Ap was a five but they have not fixed the My Location feature so I am lowering it to a 2.
There is never a rain amount in my alternate locations...its always 0.0////can you fix that please....when im traveling it would be nice to know .
After the update, all is working, even the alerts, just fine. Thanks for fixing a great app. EVO 4G
Just a thought, make the side of the landscape screen scroll the same as the portrait.
Too unreliable. Doesn't always pull current data or location. In this heat I am getting one alert per location every 30 minutes.
My favorite weather app. Very full featured. Everything you could want from a weather app.
My favorite weather app. Very full featured. Everything you could want from a weather app.
This program deserves 5 stars. I've been a fan of WeatherBug since its early days, & I still have it on my EVO 3D. The update fixed text alerts, BZ!
Good bye and good riddence to the weather channel! Weather bug is easy fast and guess what weather channel........it works!!!
I. Have used. Wearherbug on my main computer, so when I saw an app. For WeatherBug Mobile, I said that I gotto get that. It loves your battery thou
EVO 4G. Latest version fixes the alert text problem. Best weather app in the market.
Does not connect on EVO 3d, and the text on alerts is cut off. 5 stars when this is fixed.
Great up! No notification sound. Problems since update. Being patient tho cuz that update jacked with phone and apps. EVO3D issues are being fixed!!
the latest update seriously broke things. App loses location data frequently now. Original Droid
Huge waste of $. Problems are profuse & persistent no matter the settings, updates, re-installs. Better off going to a weather website.
Huge waste of $. Problems are profuse & persistent no matter the settings, updates, re-installs. Better off going to a weather website.
The first new update wouldn't update my location but after second update it is fixed. Now notifies me of the heat alert every 15 minutes.
The first new update wouldn't update my location but after second update it is fixed. Now notifies me of the heat alert every 15 minutes.
The first new update wouldn't update my location but after second update it is fixed. Now notifies me of the heat alert every 15 minutes.
Force close, location errors, fails to show radar, needs reboot to update warnings and watches on map. WTF fix it.
Awesome Awesome Awesome App. Updates to the location as you travel
Great App! Much faster than waiting for satelite downloaded weather (when cell coverage is available or course). Dev: A very useful enhancement to the radar display would be to display the distance from a point on the touch screen to your current location. This would allow boaters/hikers to predict how long before a storm hits them.
Great App! Much faster than waiting for satelite downloaded weather (when cell coverage is available or course). Dev: A very useful enhancement to the radar display would be to display the distance from a point on the touch screen to your current location. This would allow boaters/hikers to predict how long before a storm hits them.
Works amazing EVO3D. The alerts issue was addressed with this last update. Thank you.
Works amazing EVO3D. The alerts issue was addressed with this last update. Thank you.
Great dev support. Great features. The single best weather app and widget for Android!
Great dev support. Great features. The single best weather app and widget for Android!
Great dev support. Great features. The single best weather app and widget for Android!
Had this app for quite awhile now. Works fantastic, awesome live wallpaper radar functionality! HTC Incredible
Thank you for fixing the bug so fast. Probably shouldn't have made it past the testers in the first place.
Works great never gives any issue and is more accurate then the other programs out there
Last update fixed the location issue, although it didn't get them back. Backup is a good thing.
Love this app! Weather alerts, weather for multiple locations, tons of features! Best weather app! Also love the outside temp on notif bar!
Love this app! Weather alerts, weather for multiple locations, tons of features! Best weather app! Also love the outside temp on notif bar!
Update: App developer fixed location issue not saving when phone is turned off. Best weather app!
Update: App developer fixed location issue not saving when phone is turned off. Best weather app!
Update: App developer fixed location issue not saving when phone is turned off. Best weather app!
2011.07.20 upd2: widget & wallpaper are both fixed. Droid X 2.2.3. Like others, would like opaque radar image over map.
Awesome app!!!! Worth the money.
After a bad update, I'm pleased to say that weather bug fixed the update the same day. Now it works great again. Thx
After a bad update, I'm pleased to say that weather bug fixed the update the same day. Now it works great again. Thx
After a bad update, I'm pleased to say that weather bug fixed the update the same day. Now it works great again. Thx
needs ability to select alerts to receive, otherwise the heat advisory alert has been going off about once every 20 minutes all day.
Use GPS location find and all follow me features. Really awesome. Timely alert notifications, for the most part. Also, after last update GPS and follow me settings were off by default. Turned them back on but they turned back off after rebooting phone. Discovered this while driving between storms. Decided to Force Stop application and Clear Data under Application Manager. Have done this before. Also noted Cache was at 0. Started application and went through user setup. All good now! Whew!
Use GPS location find and all follow me features. Really awesome. Timely alert notifications, for the most part. Also, after last update GPS and follow me settings were off by default. Turned them back on but they turned back off after rebooting phone. Discovered this while driving between storms. Decided to Force Stop application and Clear Data under Application Manager. Have done this before. Also noted Cache was at 0. Started application and went through user setup. All good now! Whew!
Fantastic just got the latest app Wallpaper is amazing allows double tap on background to zoom and change settings without even opening menus!
Fantastic just got the latest app Wallpaper is amazing allows double tap on background to zoom and change settings without even opening menus!
This app was on the verge of being a pile of garbage. But since a few long awaited updates they seem to be pulling it together. Nice job guys.
Widget no longer remembers location or appearance settings. Therefore it only gets 2 stars.
Woohoo the settings bug is now fixed!
Great app! Had some issues after gingerbread & last app update. They are quick to fix.
Great app! Had some issues after gingerbread & last app update. They are quick to fix.
Great
Works well on my Droid x. The widget updates consistently and the app works well.
Has not worked after last two updates!
My fav wx app; hands down. Gave 3 stars before, but reboot fixed the problem. My apologies to WB - HTC Desire
My fav wx app; hands down. Gave 3 stars before, but reboot fixed the problem. My apologies to WB - HTC Desire
The latest quick fix brings the app back to the one I have come to expect.
The latest quick fix brings the app back to the one I have come to expect.
Great ap, but it appears home screen widget is interfering with my email notifications.
New update doesn't work. When phone (Atrix 4G) is restarted, all saved settings are lost. The app will not start on its own. It has to be manually started every time and individual settings reentered. I even uninstalled and reinstalled app. It made no difference. Please fix ASAP!
New update doesn't work. When phone (Atrix 4G) is restarted, all saved settings are lost. The app will not start on its own. It has to be manually started every time and individual settings reentered. I even uninstalled and reinstalled app. It made no difference. Please fix ASAP!
enjoy this app. Loads pretty fast and seems to be accurate. It's the weather app I always use, along withradar now when I want to see where a storm is
enjoy this app. Loads pretty fast and seems to be accurate. It's the weather app I always use, along withradar now when I want to see where a storm is
Moto droid x --- after update, won't even load the widget. The app is completely useless currently. Please repair the bugs.
Fast, reliable, and updated frequently. Now with time - stamped weather radar it's close to perfection. HTC DInc.
Worked fine until last update. Weather icons are wrong. When did sunny have a snowy icon? Please fix
Worked fine until last update. Weather icons are wrong. When did sunny have a snowy icon? Please fix
This probably saved my life from driving into a tornado. As a truck driver i rely on this app a lot and can plan my trip accordingly in adverse weathe
This probably saved my life from driving into a tornado. As a truck driver i rely on this app a lot and can plan my trip accordingly in adverse weathe
The my location option keeps turning off, what's going with that? Was fine till update.
worked fine before the update. works fine after the update. g2, evo, droid charge, dinc2, mytouch4g all tested fine.
Would like to see a surface analysis chart as live wallpaper. I know it wouldn't be updated frequently, and that's fine. Sprint HTC EVO 4G Android 2.2
After update, FC when config live wallpaper, lost my saved locations. Evo 4g
!! do not buy elite - it does not work any better than the free - it does not update your location - the # of stars on this app is misleading!
Thank you for the update everything is working better than before the last update. Great app. Evo
Latest update causing problems when trying to open. Pulls up keyboard, screen doesn't update. Now I can't even uninstall it.
Had some force close issues before but now the live radar background does not work at all. Constant force close...no multiple instances cause? DINC.
I like it, but down-graded it because it is another multi megabyte app that cannot be transferred to the SD card.
I like it, but down-graded it because it is another multi megabyte app that cannot be transferred to the SD card.
I like it, but down-graded it because it is another multi megabyte app that cannot be transferred to the SD card.
Was doing great until the 2.5.438 update. Now I have to configure widget after every reboot. Going back to 2.5.358 Droid X², rooted and Supercharged!
THIS APP GOT MY 5 STAR VOTE BACK. THANKS FOR RESOLVING THE ISSUES WITH THE NEW UPDATE. EVO 4G
Latest update fixed the Alerts display problem. Everything works great now. VZW Dinc2 2.3.3
Latest update fixed the Alerts display problem. Everything works great now. VZW Dinc2 2.3.3
Latest update fixed the Alerts display problem. Everything works great now. VZW Dinc2 2.3.3
When it works, it is the best weather wigit out there. I occasionally get caught in a loop of forced shutdowns, though.
When it works, it is the best weather wigit out there. I occasionally get caught in a loop of forced shutdowns, though.
Finally!!! Thank you for updates! Alerts are now readable. Radar is back to being fast. Appears to be more stable. Evo 4g
Finally!!! Thank you for updates! Alerts are now readable. Radar is back to being fast. Appears to be more stable. Evo 4g
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
Nice layout, good visuals, neat extras
This app works perfectly. Temps are always very accurate. Way more accurate than the weather channel's app.
Works great. Sometimes the info doesn't always update.
Works great but alerts only show first line, fix so I can read em.
Won't let me read weather alerts. Such as heat advisories and severe thunderstorm warnings need to be fixed excellent app besides that HTC EVO4g
Works great on my Motorola Droid. No problems with alert text like others are experiencing
Best radar and responsive severe storm updates. Capture radar pics and share with your friends. Definitely worth 1.99
Best radar and responsive severe storm updates. Capture radar pics and share with your friends. Definitely worth 1.99
Best radar and responsive severe storm updates. Capture radar pics and share with your friends. Definitely worth 1.99
Appears there are new improvements . Radar loading much faster. All working great on Droid X.
It fails rrpeatedly to upload the current temp. to the top of my Samsung Galaxy S.
Can't figure all the negative feed back ? Elite version on last 3 phones ( Samsung Instinct, EVO 4G and now my EVO 3D) and It's worked Fantastic.
Location will not update. Locked into area where I first activated app. Galaxy s 2
Weatherbug continues to release quality updates. However after switching to CyanogenMod 7, there is no widget support anymore. Really dissapointing.
Force close too frequent while loading map image. Developers run amuk with this app. Epic 4G
Force close too frequent while loading map image. Developers run amuk with this app. Epic 4G
I loved weather bug however it started having issues and so I took it off and tried to reload it and it won't even reload... very disappointed
I loved weather bug however it started having issues and so I took it off and tried to reload it and it won't even reload... very disappointed
DO NOT BUY !!! DEFECTIVE APP !!! URGE GOOGLE TO REMOVE APP OR MAKE THE AUTHOR FIX IT. THEY'RE STEALING YOUR MONEY.
The "force closed" feature works great! Two "Middle fingers" up! Says a paided custumer
Stop working, was buggy when it did work. Has cool features that is why i gave it three stars
Would be perfect if animated radar worked better. Huge delay loading radar, only shows up in sections. Grrrrrr
Would be perfect if animated radar worked better. Huge delay loading radar, only shows up in sections. Grrrrrr
Wont load widget on long press, updates are exceptionally rare. Seriously do not get this or pay for it. Spend the 2 dollars anything but this.
I've used this app since my first android phone which was the g1 and I'm still using it now with no problems. It works great.
Weatherbug is starting to get a lot of bugs and doesn't work quite right anymore.
I love this app, however, since a recent update I can no longer read the full weatheralerts. They won't scroll and are squashed. Please fix this issue
App sucks, pay 1.99 for trash, does not update, push notifications are 20 mins late, the event could be over. Needs major overhaul to get me to use.
I paid for this application and it works good so far, now they just need to fix the bugs in the alert section of the application to make it awesome.
It use to work good. Now it doesnt update and force closes every time i open it.
It use to work good. Now it doesnt update and force closes every time i open it.
Still think its the best weather app.but latelu its been telling me im a town over :/
Still think its the best weather app.but latelu its been telling me im a town over :/
Only shortcoming is that there is not a 10 day forecast other than that its perfect
The alerts don't work right! It tells u there is one but when u try to open it only the first line and a half of the text shows up!
Awesome app, works perfect on my cliq 2. Love the radar that I can use for a background. 5 stars.
Won't work after last update. Alerts only show tiny bit of text, can't get important info. Radar force closes! Please fix!!!
I update & get less??? Just a five day forecast & when I change from one location to another, it "FORCECLOSES" ~ what is that all about?
Pile of c**p. It never knows where you are, even when you reboot the phone. Too many " can't load data" errors. $1.99 is TOO MUCH TO PAY!
Pile of c**p. It never knows where you are, even when you reboot the phone. Too many " can't load data" errors. $1.99 is TOO MUCH TO PAY!
I'm getting the same thing. Been using this for nearly a year with no problems and I love it. Now it fails to update. Be patient folks. They'll fix it
Will no longer work, failed to update. Waiting on dev to fix. Please inform when fixed, my constant use of this app is greatly missed
Worked great for months, but now it fails to load all the time. Almost unusable now. Please fix soon, this was a very cool app.
It sounds an alarm every 15 minutes for an Air Quality Alert, but neglects to mention the raging thunderstorm going on. Lame.
This has been a great app that I have used since the day I bought my Original Mytouch 3g 2 years ago. It seems that there is a problem with the alerts feature now that I have installed this app on my new HTC Sensation. Each alert only shows the first couple of lines - could this be due to gingerbread, or the different resolution?
HTC ariea* radar won't loop, crashes and not very efficient..if bugs were out it would be worth it. WAIT. JUST TAKE THE FREE ONE
Love it better than any other.. though satellite videos are kinda short only like an hours worth of weather and the radar never works for me :(
Love it but I really set my phone now can't really install and I already paid for it a while ago Couple months ago
Love the app. I have tried many weather apps and still relapse back to this one. Love the "Follow Me" feature since my job involves lots of driving.
This is no way near as good as weather professional. But, it is better than nothing.
I love this app! I have tried several and this works the best, has the right amount of features. WAY better than TWC app
Plz quit trying to "optimize performance"... If I wanna wait 30 secs, let me. HTC Inc
It stays on and kills your battery unless u turn off constant updating. Also, it told me the weeks weather & changed the forecast for the whole week.
The best!! I have the doppler radar as my live wallpaper!! This app is the best and is worth the $$$... youll luv it!!!
:)
:)
:)
Sweet app but last week the alerts msg cuts out and u cant see it Fix Fix Fix pls
Ok, but doesn't track location and the radar never shows anything here in the UK. Looking for something better.
The latest release does not track your location and crashes loading animated radar. I have been using it for over a year with no issues until now
The latest release does not track your location and crashes loading animated radar. I have been using it for over a year with no issues until now
I'm a Airline Pilot and love the ease of use and accuracy of this app.
I'm a Airline Pilot and love the ease of use and accuracy of this app.
I would rate it higher but, I can't get the thing to use the weatherbug station 2000 ft. from my house anymore. I had it on my old phone.
This app is definately worth the 2 dollars. I have the g2x and the free one wasn't updating the temps. This one has no ads, and works a lot better
This update is terrible for veiwing alerts. They are cut off after only one line of text. Uninstall, and cleared cache, reinstalled and still broken.
Would be nice to have a screen for hurricanes here in florida its very important
Radar fail! Worked flawless for months, but now get force close when using radar. Bad storms, please fix. DroidX
Radar fail! Worked flawless for months, but now get force close when using radar. Bad storms, please fix. DroidX
Maps sucks now. Constant fc's. Can't use the app. Don't buy! I wish I could return it!
Maps sucks now. Constant fc's. Can't use the app. Don't buy! I wish I could return it!
Newests version needs to be fix for me too force closes when trying to go to radar and radar does not load right
Use this all the time...bought the paid version...great on droid x but Updated version does not follow me...now radar is slow to load. Do something.
Radar has been acting up lately. Loads incorrectly. Used to be dependable. Now the location is wrong, by two states. Fix your app wth
I love this app! Since it's update, it automatically follows your current location...love it, love it, LOVE IT!
Usually works ok...sometimes a little slow. Yesterday it showed that I was in walvis bay,nambia...wtf!!!
Please fix the weather alerts, it's been a few months sense they stopped working correctly and no word of any fix.
App that can save lives is now worthless, u should b ashamed for not fixing ASAP
App that can save lives is now worthless, u should b ashamed for not fixing ASAP
Force close very frequently. Reported the issue after the last one. Seems to be related to heavy radar traffic during severe weather.
My apologizes.... FC's caused from launcher pro and SD... dunno why but reformatted SD card and WB rocks again!!
It would be better to put weather alerts on the water on tha weather thing where the weather shows
It would be better to put weather alerts on the water on tha weather thing where the weather shows
I REBOOTED my phone and the force closes STOPPED! Try it. Still the best wx app!
Gave this app 1 star because of force close issues. An uninstall and reinstall seemed to have solved the radar issues.
Just changed my rating. Would give it MINUS ONE THOUSAND STARS if possible. I've never seen an app that crashes so consistently!!!! Save your money!!!
I love this app......but until they fix the problem with it closing up on me, i rate it very poor. Fix it and i will once again give it a 5.
Right when I needed it this p.o.s. isn't working. FC ing on radar. I live east of okcity and had to get mycast. A proven platform that works. Wut crap
Right when I needed it this p.o.s. isn't working. FC ing on radar. I live east of okcity and had to get mycast. A proven platform that works. Wut crap
WB has completely failed me during a time of need. 3 tornados on the ground in my immediate area & WB FC repeatedly! What happened to this great app??
Used to work well now radar does not work and force closes a lot. Worthless.
Gives accurate detailed information for multiple locations with plenty of customizable options.
Come on weather bug its 70 outside not 34 in Texas ... if ya don't fix it ill find something else
Come on weather bug its 70 outside not 34 in Texas ... if ya don't fix it ill find something else
Great app BUT maps widget will not load. Stays white on my home screen until I remove and re-add it. Works for a bit then happens again.
It's ok, but it keeps saying its raining when its not. The forecast may call for rain but dont say its raining if its not. Please Fix.
Lowering to a 2. Like the app but its really got bad problems. Come on guys we all paid for this.... could you please fix all the problems.
I absolutely love this app, it has everything you need to stay updated on current and future weather conditions.
I absolutely love this app, it has everything you need to stay updated on current and future weather conditions.
I absolutely love this app, it has everything you need to stay updated on current and future weather conditions.
Works great except for the radar being a little choppy and slow. Even over wifi. Htc tbolt.
Only advantage on the free version is no ads and widgets. Forces close way too much.
Only advantage on the free version is no ads and widgets. Forces close way too much.
Only advantage on the free version is no ads and widgets. Forces close way too much.
That saddly is what has happened with weather bug elite. I have had this app for a year. it seemed to work fine at first. Over the past several months, and with every new revision this app accumulates more and more problems. As many people have mentioned the forcase information does not update. Furthermore, it only allows the most limited number of frames for animated weather maps( 6 vs 12) claiming "its to increase performance." BS! I wouldnt buy this app and I am looking for a replacement! -ripped off!
That saddly is what has happened with weather bug elite. I have had this app for a year. it seemed to work fine at first. Over the past several months, and with every new revision this app accumulates more and more problems. As many people have mentioned the forcase information does not update. Furthermore, it only allows the most limited number of frames for animated weather maps( 6 vs 12) claiming "its to increase performance." BS! I wouldnt buy this app and I am looking for a replacement! -ripped off!
I tried all of them, this is accurate for me. I checked actual conditions on all the popular apps and this one nailed it. When there were weather or temp changes, this app was right and the others were behind. Get this and Rainy Days and you are set for weather.
I had the regular version and I honestly can't tell if there's a difference. It doesn't always automatically open and sometimes it has issues.
This App runs great and is totally stable on my G2 running Android 2.3. Great weather App, use it every day. Now if it would only rain...
Updated. Pfft. I live in Buna, Tx. Weather Bug shows via GPS my location to be Saint Amant, La. Ugh! BLAH SIGH!!!
Unable to pick other notification sounds. Only have system sounds for weather alerts
Not updating its location since the last update. Reported to de eloper, but no response. Great app if they fix this issue.
Not updating its location since the last update. Reported to de eloper, but no response. Great app if they fix this issue.
Very nice app. One of the best weather app but we should be able to move to sd. Takes too much space in phone!
Way faster than the free version and the radar layers with weather alerts are nice.
Way faster than the free version and the radar layers with weather alerts are nice.
No animation on maps after last update. Sucks cause I like to see thunderstorm location before bike riding with the kids
What has to happen so that you finally decide to implement moving the app to SD storage?
Update ... seems to be working fine now ... not sure what changed. Radar crashes app on droid x ... wish to revert to last version.
How did I go from upstate ny to south carolina? Considering the current weather conditions here, looks like i'd want to be there, BUT I'M NOT!!!
Bogus forecasts and crappy selection of weather stations for less populated areas.
Not much use in Australia, might be OK in USA. Temperatures inaccurate by 4 deg+, rainfall figures non-existent, radar non-existent and video applies only to US scene. Sad, it's a promising looking app.
Not much use in Australia, might be OK in USA. Temperatures inaccurate by 4 deg+, rainfall figures non-existent, radar non-existent and video applies only to US scene. Sad, it's a promising looking app.
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
This is a really good app..but after the update is not reading my location..please fix
I like the 6 hr refresh rate & week home widget but it's just too ugly.
Have had this for a while and it works great no problems with it workin with the phone very useful
Locks up my network connection have to power cycle phone 2-3 times a day.. Not worth the money
Would be more stars if it didn't CONTINUALY force close. Please fix this problem today.
Would be more stars if it didn't CONTINUALY force close. Please fix this problem today.
I work in Agriculture and rely on this app daily...best one out there! Worth the money.
had been force closing at the radar screen but is working fine now. 5 stars, the only weather app I use
I take back my previous "excellent" comment. Total failure, force close radar on my EVO!!!! Purchased elite like a fool.
When I'm scrolling through an alert please stop resetting me to the top of the page. Just show an hourglass if you're not done loading it yet.
Great app. Easy to use on Inspire. It had a little hiccup. It was fixed quickly.
Great app. Easy to use on Inspire. It had a little hiccup. It was fixed quickly.
The radar imaging is very useful. Problems associated with recent update appear to have been resolved.
Update: force close problem seems corrected. Thx guys.... Latest update causes force close when selecting radar/maps. DROIDX.
Update: force close problem seems corrected. Thx guys.... Latest update causes force close when selecting radar/maps. DROIDX.
Update: force close problem seems corrected. Thx guys.... Latest update causes force close when selecting radar/maps. DROIDX.
Update: force close problem seems corrected. Thx guys.... Latest update causes force close when selecting radar/maps. DROIDX.
Paid version gets rid of ads & has great 4x3 widget with 3 day forecast, love it on moto droid x. And widget update is FINALLY fixed!
Wont open after update. Not very good when there is a possible tornado bearing down on me
Loved it till last update. Goes to black screen when I click on radar. Samsung fasinate.
Force close after opening radar since update. Real poor updates.. want my money back! It's sad that the free version hasn't had any of these problems.
Force close after opening radar since update. Real poor updates.. want my money back! It's sad that the free version hasn't had any of these problems.
Ever since I opened the radar it force closes everytime I try to just open the app
Ever since I opened the radar it force closes everytime I try to just open the app
Removed one star! I rely on this app for my business. since the last update it force quits when viewing radar & location error messages on refresh!
Radar all screwed up since last update. Please fix. Other than that best weather app for sure.
Used to force close on animated radar all the time. Animated radar still updates funny(4 quadrants) and sometimes only a few show up. Gett'n better.
is this current update showing a good one, or does this one hav the bugs?
Bad update guys! Please fix ASAP! I use this too much for this to happen! Force close and radar isn't working properly! Thanks!
The best weather app. Nothing else comes close. However, recent update causes problems with the radar...only thing keeping it from five stars
why did I wait so long to download this app... this app is great... way better than the weather channel
Weather bug elite prevents google maps from finding a gps signal. I've uninstalled it from my droid x - too bad, because I loved the free version.
Weather bug elite prevents google maps from finding a gps signal. I've uninstalled it from my droid x - too bad, because I loved the free version.
leaps and bounds over any other weather app out there. Nicely done. Xoom, Fascinate, & T-Bolt.
leaps and bounds over any other weather app out there. Nicely done. Xoom, Fascinate, & T-Bolt.
leaps and bounds over any other weather app out there. Nicely done. Xoom, Fascinate, & T-Bolt.
leaps and bounds over any other weather app out there. Nicely done. Xoom, Fascinate, & T-Bolt.
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
Works great. Stays treated without hassles. Keeps me informed like I need to be. Always correct
Latest update removes the ability to resize radar widget. Tiny radar on big screen is useless. Fix please. Droid X.
Anytime I have weather concerns this is my goto app on tablet or phone. Love it.
Had free version worked fine, bought the elite keeps freezing up , wish had kept old one
Had free version worked fine, bought the elite keeps freezing up , wish had kept old one
For those getting foreclose on radar map...clear data...un install and re install...worked for me...
Keeps force closing when i go to weather map since update...fix or refund. T Mobile G2
Latest update dies on maps...get it fixed people! There is no way to drop back a rev.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
I don't know what all these people are complaining about. The app works great. I have had no force close issues and location works great.
Best weather app, but map widget is still too small! After update widget can't be stretched to full screen with LauncherPro or ADW!
Best weather app, but map widget is still too small! After update widget can't be stretched to full screen with LauncherPro or ADW!
Thank you Weather Bug! Ya, it loads a bit slow but your getting a LOT of info to work with. We've had a lot of bad weather here and app works!
Thank you Weather Bug! Ya, it loads a bit slow but your getting a LOT of info to work with. We've had a lot of bad weather here and app works!
Thank you Weather Bug! Ya, it loads a bit slow but your getting a LOT of info to work with. We've had a lot of bad weather here and app works!
Hooray! ! All issues fixed! Mytouch 3g! All other negative comments just competition bitching ...
Still having update issues. Says their is no signal when their is. Opening the app updates it instantly.
This is my favorite weather app by far! It is the most accurate and easiest to use. Samsung Captivate Galaxy S 2.2. Love it.
The last update worked all the kinks out of this app. Radar downloads quickly over 3g now and location is updated in the background as you move. Incrd
The last update worked all the kinks out of this app. Radar downloads quickly over 3g now and location is updated in the background as you move. Incrd
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
Widget shows sun everyday but open the app and its completely dif..whats up w that?! Please fix, used to be accurate.
Great app but has the worst time displaying weather maps especially loops. Often shows only patches and not the whole map.
love this, but newest update got rid of hour by hour forecasts in the calendar section. Bring it back!
Wealth of informationa about be weather in several locations. Love the pictures of local conditions.
Wealth of informationa about be weather in several locations. Love the pictures of local conditions.
App shows that it always needs an update either in this marketplace or in the amazon app store. Don't know if this is an issue dev can fix, it sucks
App shows that it always needs an update either in this marketplace or in the amazon app store. Don't know if this is an issue dev can fix, it sucks
App shows that it always needs an update either in this marketplace or in the amazon app store. Don't know if this is an issue dev can fix, it sucks
Trash. It was better before the update. I don't need it running in the background. Forces my phone to crash
Trash. It was better before the update. I don't need it running in the background. Forces my phone to crash
Temp doesnt seem to update in notification bar as it us set to do. Other than that... nice
Since update on 4/20 the application seems to be working properly on droidx running 2.2. Follows and updates without manual input.
Since update on 4/20 the application seems to be working properly on droidx running 2.2. Follows and updates without manual input.
Several years in and still no rain radar outside the US, it's available for the UK in several apps but not yet in Weatherbug.
WTF, just updated and the widget is now forcasting SNOW for today in Taunton UK, and thats after opening the app twice, worst than before, please fix!
WTF, just updated and the widget is now forcasting SNOW for today in Taunton UK, and thats after opening the app twice, worst than before, please fix!
Very happy with the latest update. Very good app that I rely on every day.
The new update doesn't update update conditions unless you refresh by hand same problem with the update of the update
Back up to five stars after update fix. Thanks for responding to the complaints developers! Best weather app for Moto Droid 1.
Excellent thanks, they responded to our protest so they are back to 5 stars. Radar works much better than before. Moto Droid 1
Best weather app out there no question. Radar ia great and updates as often as every 6 mins. Also removed record audio permissions.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
This new version is a huge improvement. Works excellent on the HTC Incredible. thanks for the update.
The best weather app period! A small price to pay for a well designed and developed app that is extremely accurate and informative. Droid X
Warned me that was ahead and allowed me to stop and wait out the storm. That was two years ago on free version. Best WX app ever.
Warned me that was ahead and allowed me to stop and wait out the storm. That was two years ago on free version. Best WX app ever.
Back to working on my DROID X. Thanks for fixing. Best weather app out there!
Back to working on my DROID X. Thanks for fixing. Best weather app out there!
My favorite app for weather by far and I have them all worth the $.
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
Good app and seems faster with this update. Don't use background updates or widgets so can't comment. Change log would be nice..
You people are way too paranoid, if you worry so much about your privacy than get rid of your smartphone...duh
You people are way too paranoid, if you worry so much about your privacy than get rid of your smartphone...duh
I don't know.. it worked great for a year... than multiple updates and it's iffy at best... dx
allmost live and way cool, great for kite flyers and sailing
allmost live and way cool, great for kite flyers and sailing
Don't care for the record audio much, but wtf difference does it make it in on wifi or network, fix something. so it updates over wifi also.
Don't care for the record audio much, but wtf difference does it make it in on wifi or network, fix something. so it updates over wifi also.
Don't care for the record audio much, but wtf difference does it make it in on wifi or network, fix something. so it updates over wifi also.
Works pretty well but overlays on map are sometimes slow to load or incomplete. Needs time stamps on animated radars.
LMAO I'm ashamed of some of the android users commenting on the Market, you guys should read directions more before implying something that's not
Nice app great for weather but the wallpaper keeps fc (that's why I bought) hopefully will improve
Love this app. Definitely worth the price and the new higher def images and icons look awesome.
Solid app. Dubious permissions required. Please fix now. Sent email to Dev echoing this concern.
Used to be good now its kind of useless never updates drains the battery dev appears to have made his money and walked away
I'd love it if my widget updated without opening the app, and please fix the live wallpaper thats been broken for at least a year..
For the last few days, my weather bug seemed to think that my current location was in Ecuador. I live in Texas. Other than that, I can't complain.....
Very extensive information! I like it a lot and appreciate the weather alerts and other settings.
Every so often force closes, but I wouldn't change this app for any of the options.
Every so often force closes, but I wouldn't change this app for any of the options.
Every so often force closes, but I wouldn't change this app for any of the options.
I emailed WB devs, the reply (shortened to fit): "We are aware of the issues and ... are working on them. We do not have a specific time frame ... but we will get this fixed as soon as possible. ... The "newer" version on the Amazon market only ... fixed a problem ... specifically related to the Amazon market's download. It ... suffers from the same issues surrounding the Android Market's version. ... [The fixed version] should be released soon." 5 stars - great app when working, helpful customer service :)
Nothing but problems with this app. After paying for it twice I still cannot get the updates or widgets to work properly. G2
USELESS! NEVER current. Why be in the status bar if it constantly displays disconnected icon and needs to be manually refreshed? No updates.
Great weather app. One of the best. The 3 day forecast widget doesn't line up properly on LauncherPro. Wish it did.
Constantly force closes before I even get to see the weather information. Samsung Intercept
I am glad I paid for an application which DOES NOT OPEN! Please fix. Samsung Acclaim with 2.2
For it's small area of the planet, (mostly the US) it works great. But it looks from the locations in weather bug that it's world is small and limited. Don't go looking for weather in the Caribbean. Or anywhere in the South Seas.
Decent interface, right widget options. Updates weather just fine for me on Droid, location not so much.
if this can't or won't get fixed we all should be entitled to a refund right? how many months should this get ignored? never updates. all agree?
I'm,in S. FL Just yesterday we had a storm that we saw 3 tornados' over water. the app warned me.We had 80mph gusts.The warning kept me from going out
Paid for despite negative feedback. Too late for refund. NOT WORKING ON TRANSFORM, FIX YOUR APP ALREADY!!!
Just reinstalled and it seems to be working now. Wonder how long it will last. Samsung Mesmerize.
Just reinstalled and it seems to be working now. Wonder how long it will last. Samsung Mesmerize.
Must have app. I live in NE Ohio so I get tons of use out of it. Timely warnings and accurate (within reason) forecasts. Love it!!
Don't bother paying for this...it doesn't update on my droid2 and stays loading on my notification bar...worked great in the beginning but sucks now.
Works ok. Temp on notification bar rarely updates until app is opened. Still a little buggy, but better than most
Not loading on my mesmerize since 2.2 update. Please look into that. Other than that great app!
Good app love the web cam feature
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Droid2 This was the perfect weather app for about 6 months... then earlier this year the widget just stopped refreshing. No support from devs. Avoid.
Not sure what all the complaints are about, this app works perfect on my Droid X and has since i installed in January 2011
Not sure what all the complaints are about, this app works perfect on my Droid X and has since i installed in January 2011
Works great. The follow me location keeps me up to date as i travel. Upgrading to elite was well worth the few dollars
Evo -Widget doesn't even appear when added to homepage, never updated, this app used to be great.
if only we cld give 0 stars! notification bar STILL NOT updtg! un/reinstall didnt work 4 me. i cant take it anymore. uninstalling. droid x froyo 2.3
I like it but it never updates on droid 2. Have to open app unlike twc.
By far the best Weather application on the market. I'm an over the road truck driver. It has its bugs but works.
The radar update is buggy and wayyy too slow. Automatic updates do not work. Support is totally useless.
Doesn't update all the time. My location doesn't update 60% of the time. Temp. often wrong
The absolute best weather app on market, well worth the money and flawless, just needs to be faster, but Wht app don't right !
The absolute best weather app on market, well worth the money and flawless, just needs to be faster, but Wht app don't right !
Fungerade utmärkt på xperia x10. Hittade Varberg så jag slapp skriva in det. Sen bar det metrisk system med Celsius... Har tidigare använt "The Weather Channel" men denna app ger mera info och satelitbild... och jag slipper reklam... Skickar upp bild till Facebook utan problem. Rekomenderas.
Fungerade utmärkt på xperia x10. Hittade Varberg så jag slapp skriva in det. Sen bar det metrisk system med Celsius... Har tidigare använt "The Weather Channel" men denna app ger mera info och satelitbild... och jag slipper reklam... Skickar upp bild till Facebook utan problem. Rekomenderas.
Best weather app I've found. To the haters - if you want the app/widgets to update you must turn on background data. This app works fine.
Software needs a fix for Moto Xoom Live Desktop. The radar does not display on the screen. Works great on my Droid.
Everything working like it should again! Almost a year to fix, but I'm glad I hung in there. Lighting loop is all that's needed to make this 110%!!!!
Boy,WeatherBug has come a long way since you first thought of it. I think I was usingr OS/2 Warp. 4 then. It worked on that too!
I love this app! Had it on my Blackberry and when i switched to Android i purchased it for my new phone.
Prefer this over the Weather Channel app. It is quicker and has more options. Use on upgraded Hero.
Prefer this over the Weather Channel app. It is quicker and has more options. Use on upgraded Hero.
Had it for months now...still better than the basic version, and any other weather apps I've tried. Best 2 bucks I've spent on an app. Works fine 4 me
Switched from the regular Weatherbug and I'm quite pleased with extra features. It has never force closed and constantly keeps up with my location.
Excellent app. Does just what it says, and it's accurate! Keep up the good work. Thanks a bunch! (Galaxy Tab.).
Excellent app. Does just what it says, and it's accurate! Keep up the good work. Thanks a bunch! (Galaxy Tab.).
Used to be the best but auto location update has been broken for months and there seems to be no interest in fixing it.
Great app but with recent update it force closes alot and the widget wont load app....hero
I have to refresh myself......temp stays the same. Very annoying...pry should have rated a 1. Need to fix this bug fast.
Amazing! It was confusing at first, though once i took 2 minutes to set it up it proves to live up to the hype. I really love this app! "For now" :-)
All of a sudden not loading any widgets! What gives? How about an update with some bugs addressed!
Awsome app!! A bit slow loading map when zooming, would be great 5 stars if different color themes were available like black as well. My touch 4g
Awsome app!! A bit slow loading map when zooming, would be great 5 stars if different color themes were available like black as well. My touch 4g
Awsome app!! A bit slow loading map when zooming, would be great 5 stars if different color themes were available like black as well. My touch 4g
Very powerful app putting loads of information right in front of you. Great widgets, too. Would like to see some color customization though.
Good when it works , but doesn't update reliable and locks up my Droid if i don't get my passcode in before it starts when I turn the phone on
Best weath app. Have tried weather channel (which sux since the update) accuweather, and others. Best graphics, widget, ease of use, clarity & options
Boy has this gone downhill. Used to update and follow me no problem know it won't. Also suport will not care or help. Waste of money
Boy has this gone downhill. Used to update and follow me no problem know it won't. Also suport will not care or help. Waste of money
Good features. Hope it's not a battery hog on droid x. Can not get any widgets to show
I personally love weatherbug elite...its accurate w/in a min,or right on time,&its very accurate2the weather. The more updates the more u can do! Kinz
I luce it so much ibrought :) and yes ispelled ibrought like that on puprose ipwan!
Works great, puts TWC app to shame. Recently under threat of severe weather was able to track the storm while I was in shelter. HTC EVO
Works great, puts TWC app to shame. Recently under threat of severe weather was able to track the storm while I was in shelter. HTC EVO
Seems to be in proper working order now. When it is functioning properly (which is 98% of the time), it really is a great app.
used to be the best, but has had update probs for months and developer has not fixed. don't buy until developer addresses problems
used to be the best, but has had update probs for months and developer has not fixed. don't buy until developer addresses problems
Best app works good no problems it lets me know everything about my city ,I'm a weather freak *****
Agree with a lot of others, was working awesome until the last patch. Still loads the temp (usually) but won't load details or notification bar info.
Agree with a lot of others, was working awesome until the last patch. Still loads the temp (usually) but won't load details or notification bar info.
Ahhh wtf y is it all of a sudden not working?! Love it, PAID FOR IT, would like it to work, thx
I've had this for all my phones, I definitely want to keep it! NEEDS SD CARD SUPPORT!!! Droid X! No more updates cmon!
What is going on with this. It used to be great, but lately it hasn't been giving good forecasts and no descriptions in extend forecast.
Very pleased with this app. I really like the weather alert icon that pops up. Droid X.
This is a very well done product. I can see that I would use it often. Thank you for your efforts.
This is a very well done product. I can see that I would use it often. Thank you for your efforts.
This works very well with the Archos 101. Couldn't be happier with the purchase. Very nice work!
This works very well with the Archos 101. Couldn't be happier with the purchase. Very nice work!
This works very well with the Archos 101. Couldn't be happier with the purchase. Very nice work!
This works very well with the Archos 101. Couldn't be happier with the purchase. Very nice work!
This works very well with the Archos 101. Couldn't be happier with the purchase. Very nice work!
I hesitated to install because of the negative comments. So far the app has been flawless. Maybe probs for most is fault of phone/service not app.
Worth it. Radar map widget is nice.. wish they had moon phase / sunset on widget tho.
Auto-update has been broken for quite a while now... Good otherwise, but have to manually update for it to be useful :(
Auto-update has been broken for quite a while now... Good otherwise, but have to manually update for it to be useful :(
Worked great on the mainland, but now that I'm in Hawaii I can't get any radar images!
Used to work Great!...after last couple of updates ago; auto update is faulty, auto track no loger works, nor the current location. Samsung Moment
Used to work Great!...after last couple of updates ago; auto update is faulty, auto track no loger works, nor the current location. Samsung Moment
Very nice! Any possibly of getting current weather animations when you unlock your screen?
Very nice! Any possibly of getting current weather animations when you unlock your screen?
Very nice! Any possibly of getting current weather animations when you unlock your screen?
Very nice! Any possibly of getting current weather animations when you unlock your screen?
Very nice! Any possibly of getting current weather animations when you unlock your screen?
Fantastic app! Used the weather channel then tried this. It is vastly superior. Paid to have no advertisements
Be nice if the Developer would fix the auto update issue. Tired of having to manually open app for latest info. Just Saying. Droid X 2.2.1
Auto update of the notification and Widgets is broken. This App is useless until they fix it.
Auto update of the notification and Widgets is broken. This App is useless until they fix it.
Auto update of the notification and Widgets is broken. This App is useless until they fix it.
Auto update of the notification and Widgets is broken. This App is useless until they fix it.
This app has been broken for over a month now with the manual update bug. FIX IT! changed my review to 1 star until this is fixed.
Excellent app, works well and gives accurate weather conditions on a regular basis.
Excellent app, works well and gives accurate weather conditions on a regular basis.
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
Overall great! Much better than any other. Except ur constantly waiting 4 data 2 load & most of the time it never loads & have 2 exit out & start over
For update issues, clear data, force close, and uninstall all apps related to weatherbug, then reinstall. This worked for me.
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
Good weather app never had any problem with it but i give 3 star cause its not app 2 sd
The app is fine, but it's frustrating to see my PC's WeatherBug showing the correct temperature and I have to force a Refresh to get my Droid X to catch-up.
The App itself is absolutely awesome. The WeatherBug elite forecast widget however is lacking. Only shows the next two days while every other weather widget out there shows three. Only skinning available is changing the background color.
The App itself is absolutely awesome. The WeatherBug elite forecast widget however is lacking. Only shows the next two days while every other weather widget out there shows three. Only skinning available is changing the background color.
Worked well previously, now background updating doesn't work HTC hero, been this way for several months now Working fine again
Nice looking app with cool features, but temp is often off by 5-10°, so useless to me.
This app worked good at first but with each update it got worse and worse. It finally started rebooting my phone every few minutes. Took it out.
For an app I paid for, I am disapointed. Alerts don't come through half the time. Main reason I picked this app.
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Worked great at one time, now does not auto update. I have to update manually. Going back to beautiful widgets
Stopped working a long time ago. I travel alot n have to manually update. Not worth paying for!!!
Excellent I use several locations daily both in and out of country. Instant accurate info.
Kind of works, we have just had the wettest month on record and it says it never rained...
Works great on my Android 1.6 x10a, outdated already because AT&T wont release updates like other companies so beware. The appe is very good
Nice app. It's been a great tool this winter. Weather updates and warnings along with current radar. Samsung Facinate.
Wish it updated in faster intervals and it constantly stops updating, I have to go into the app and refresh for it to start again
Instant weather on cell at any time and accurate, this a great app to have.
Agree with Bill. Radar loops never load, even on wifi connection. Looking for a better weather app.
Weather alerts do not match my displayed location. I live in PA..getting alerts from NY!! Worthless.
Weather alerts do not match my displayed location. I live in PA..getting alerts from NY!! Worthless.
The radar is very glitchy, only works 50 percent of the time, other than that great app.
I love the widget. Got it on my homescreen. I live in the snowbelt region in the mountains of N.W. PA. love that it alerts me b4 storms hit
Good app. The biggest plus to paid is the 3 day forecast widget and radar live wallpaper. Bought to support too. HTC-I
Does not update. I paid and it does not work stick with the weather channel untill thet fix this
Works great awesome customization on widgets and notification worth the 2 washingtons
Works great awesome customization on widgets and notification worth the 2 washingtons
Worked better when I had for free. Bought app and now I have no wind speed and no auto temp updates
Best weather app, hands down! I have been plowing for 8 yrs now and nothing is as accurate or as detailed as WeatherBug Elite. Droid X
Excellent! IT WAS. I had to change my comment, after last update, app does NOT update its location anymore. One has to do it manually. 2 stars only.
Was great on 2.1 . Now won't even open before it force closes ever since got my froyo upgrade. Fix and 5 stars
Weatherbug rocks. The poor reviews I've read must originate from people with phone issues, because I've had NONE of the problems listed. Thanx !!!!!!!
All the weather info you could want. Your own personal weatherman in the palm of your hand!
Widget constantly crashes since update. Love the app or at least use to, will still rate high in hope of fix.
I have used one version of this or another for years. Both on my computer, and now on my phone. Gives you pretty accurate weather info.
Since update phone to OS 2.2 seems to force close alot. No recent updates- gave my location as sault ste Marie, Canada. Samsung Acclaim.
Use it every day. Worth the money in every way. Never had a problem and it works great. A must have.
Use it every day. Worth the money in every way. Never had a problem and it works great. A must have.
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Incredibly detailed weather info. Just needs a more attractive widget. - HTC Evo Shift
Best weather app better than weather channel. Beautiful UI and intuitive. Many options about weather. Def recommend. Droid x.
I have relied on weather bug for as long as i can remember, it will not load on the samsung acclaim pleas fix!
I have relied on weather bug for as long as i can remember, it will not load on the samsung acclaim pleas fix!
I have relied on weather bug for as long as i can remember, it will not load on the samsung acclaim pleas fix!
Love the app. Only problem is that it hasn't worked at all since I updated to froyo 2.2 on my Samsung Acclaim.
Love the app. Only problem is that it hasn't worked at all since I updated to froyo 2.2 on my Samsung Acclaim.
I like it i want to know how is the weather my home or out city auto where i am cool work samsung epic 4G
I like it i want to know how is the weather my home or out city auto where i am cool work samsung epic 4G
Racermoon- works great great droid x needs a global option to keep up on my son in Afghanistan
Still losing location and updates (no task manager installed) and now overheating phone by constantly relaunching "Typhoon Prediction Widget" (?!)
Still losing location and updates (no task manager installed) and now overheating phone by constantly relaunching "Typhoon Prediction Widget" (?!)
Still losing location and updates (no task manager installed) and now overheating phone by constantly relaunching "Typhoon Prediction Widget" (?!)
Love it, easy to use, its always there. I travel and the ability to view several areas is critical. Verizon fascinate
Love that I can change widget color, worth the money. Love it on my Evo 4g
New update fixed every problem I had with this app. Simply amazing! Keep it up :).
New update fixed every problem I had with this app. Simply amazing! Keep it up :).
Automatic location updates to notification bar are wildly inconsistent at best. G2.
This app was great until last update now it is slow even with wifi so slow I usually give up. Captivate
This app was great until last update now it is slow even with wifi so slow I usually give up. Captivate
Will not update on own and also it locks up alot. Please fix I paid good money for this.
I've used this for a long time. It works great and reliably. More widget options would be nice.
I've used this for a long time. It works great and reliably. More widget options would be nice.
Would be a nice app if it actually updated automatically. No point in setting up push updates if I have to load the app for an update.
Forecasts are not very accurate and now it doesn't follow me anymore and doesn't update in the background anymore either.
Will not update on its on,. Have to open it to get it to update. Was 5 star
Will not update on its on,. Have to open it to get it to update. Was 5 star
Was always having trouble loading. I bought it so I could see the temp in the status bar but days would go by and it would still be trying to load.
I used to love this but the quality has declined in recent releases. It wont find my location any more and has issues related to updating its data.
This is a great app with no bugs that I have found. It knows your location and reports the weather there.
I have tried all the other weather apps and this is the best in my opinion. Droid X 2.2
Latest version for mytouch 3G Slide does not auto update. Goes over 8 hours unless app is manually launched. Please fix!
Issue where widget will not display info only "please wait". When it does work correctly its great and accurate.
Will not permit another location other than local ..Please fix droid2, otherwise best weather app existantant!
Best money spent! Radar map widget is awesome. Droid1 loved the free one but the paid is much better.
Best money spent! Radar map widget is awesome. Droid1 loved the free one but the paid is much better.
Best money spent! Radar map widget is awesome. Droid1 loved the free one but the paid is much better.
Best money spent! Radar map widget is awesome. Droid1 loved the free one but the paid is much better.
New update doesn't update weather temp on Droid X. Need to reload app to get it to refresh n start working again.
I was originally happy with this app but lately it doesn't follow me. The location only updates if I open the app. Was 5 stars.
I was originally happy with this app but lately it doesn't follow me. The location only updates if I open the app. Was 5 stars.
I was originally happy with this app but lately it doesn't follow me. The location only updates if I open the app. Was 5 stars.
Does not do anything different than the free app. Do not buy it. It does not update location.
Does not do anything different than the free app. Do not buy it. It does not update location.
Perfect weather app. Has everything down to hourly forecast. Only needs better widget.
For months I was searching for what was preventing my data push for my emails on my droid x. I found weather bug wedget was the reason. Wish it wasnt.
Great app. Everything I wanted in a weather app and more. Very happy with this.
Best weather app but having some notification interface syncing issues. Would also like to see more accurate radar and live cams for 5 stars.
Stopped updating temps all of a sudden. Used to be a perfect app, now not so good.
Nice app. Very helpfull at work when I need to know current temp and wind speed. Easy to use.
Had problems adapting to another country. ***Completely failed now and I uninstalled it. Needs work. Waste of money as it is.
Terrible app ripped me off does not recognise Australia. Don't buy u can't get a refund either
I've tried all of the weather apps, and this is the best - very consistent
Great options, good selection of barometric pressure, wind speed/direction, good radar. App has occasional updating issues, would buy again :)
I use this every day to choose what layering of cold weather gear to use.
Force close all the time locks up phone when it works it is really slow
Force close all the time locks up phone when it works it is really slow
Force close all the time locks up phone when it works it is really slow
No longer works on samsung intercept since android 2.2.1 update. It was about a 4.5 quality app before it stopped working. :(
No longer works on samsung intercept since android 2.2.1 update. It was about a 4.5 quality app before it stopped working. :(
Works great. Does e everything it should. I just wish it had some cool animation.
Works great. Does e everything it should. I just wish it had some cool animation.
Works great. Does e everything it should. I just wish it had some cool animation.
The follow me is broken and it won't auto update otherwise the best weather app I have found.
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
Home page widget continually "fails to load" and will not refresh when tapped on. Have to remove widget and restart every time my location changes.
Great weather app. Gives enough information to make you feel like a meteorologist! Current weather, fast update, fantastic options to customize. A+++
Great weather app. Gives enough information to make you feel like a meteorologist! Current weather, fast update, fantastic options to customize. A+++
It is an awesome all around weather app but it drained my battery in half a day even with auto update off.
Includes any weather info you could want. Love the moving radar function. Excellent on MyTouch 3G. Worth it if weather is important to you.
Worked great then said it wasn't licensed and I had to purchase it when it was already purchased? Don't get it but Wtfe!
IT WORKS GREAT AFTER UPDATE for those of us still on cupcake 1.5. Motorola i1
I drive truck cross country and this great for long distance weather reports. I put in all the mountain pass towns in the extra location settings
I drive truck cross country and this great for long distance weather reports. I put in all the mountain pass towns in the extra location settings
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
Widget update is inconsistent. Changing settings doesn't seem to help much either. Major downside. Other than that it works
My guess is that the servers are down. I have had this app for months and it works just fine. People are too quick to condemn.
My guess is that the servers are down. I have had this app for months and it works just fine. People are too quick to condemn.
My guess is that the servers are down. I have had this app for months and it works just fine. People are too quick to condemn.
This is the best weather app I have found, hands down! Gives me all the info I need, and when I need more, just tap on my home icon! Droid Inc.
Great weather app... Love how the weather is always displayed @ top of status bar... Must have!! Epic 4G
Great weather app... Love how the weather is always displayed @ top of status bar... Must have!! Epic 4G
It doesn't follow me... It has a lot problems to load too. Its very annoying!
Best weather app hands down.I've had it from my touch 3g through vibrant always accurate.
THIS APP IS STARTING TO GET UNDER MY SKIN,USE TO BE GOOD,LOCATION IS OFF,N ITS REALLY BUGGY,LOWERIN STARS TILL FIXED,DROID2
The auto update stops working all of a sudden. Ever since I installed this app, my battery life has dropped significantly.
Widget does not update at the interval u specify. U have to open WB before it will update. Please fix. Follow me doesnt work either.
Widget does not update at the interval u specify. U have to open WB before it will update. Please fix. Follow me doesnt work either.
Widget does not update at the interval u specify. U have to open WB before it will update. Please fix. Follow me doesnt work either.
Would be great but always freezing up and hardly updates to my location. Weather channel app so much better. Get it together weather bug
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
No different from free version! The live wallpaper dosnt work on dell streak. Want refund
Hourly forecast not working anymore. Working now. Something weird works now without update
Hourly forecast not working anymore. Working now. Something weird works now without update
This app worked just fine untill the last update. I paid for this app, and now it force closes all the time or just plain jams up my phone. Please fix
Not updating at all so now a useless app right now on desire HD. Please fix
The previous version that was free worked great now that I updated my hero and weatherbug this app is horrible! It makes my hero restart when opened
Nice weather app. I've been using it for over a year and it got a lot better.
Been using it for a year. First app I paid for and the only one I've never regretted. Has gotten faster and more reliable over that time.
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Worked fine since the new update. Now it constantly has to be refreshed to display the temperature
Have had this app since July. Recently its gotten buggy. Won't update weather on notification bar & other things. Paid app, FIX THE SUCKER!!!
Have had this app since July. Recently its gotten buggy. Won't update weather on notification bar & other things. Paid app, FIX THE SUCKER!!!
Features and design are excellent. Very stable and quick. Perfect for weather enthusiasts.
Features and design are excellent. Very stable and quick. Perfect for weather enthusiasts.
Features and design are excellent. Very stable and quick. Perfect for weather enthusiasts.
Amazing! Free app is good, but I paid for this to keep them in Business!
Since updates will randomly stop my nexus from entering sleep mode and starts burning battery. Reverted to pre-update versions and all works fine.
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Widget quit updating after update..paid good $ for this app & expect it to work. Moto droid
Had this app on the Mytouch 3G and had alot of refresh problems...But on the G2 works great and Im glad I have it
Had this app on the Mytouch 3G and had alot of refresh problems...But on the G2 works great and Im glad I have it
Thanks a lot for the update(= had to substitute with accuweather...which was ok, but not nearly as good as weatherbug.
Thanks a lot for the update(= had to substitute with accuweather...which was ok, but not nearly as good as weatherbug.
Thanks a lot for the update(= had to substitute with accuweather...which was ok, but not nearly as good as weatherbug.
Totally worth the upgrade, just wish active weather map would project directions of storms
Totally worth the upgrade, just wish active weather map would project directions of storms
Totally worth the upgrade, just wish active weather map would project directions of storms
Totally worth the upgrade, just wish active weather map would project directions of storms
Totally worth the upgrade, just wish active weather map would project directions of storms
Totally worth the upgrade, just wish active weather map would project directions of storms
Works pretty well. A bit slow to sync weather status when launching the app, but works well.
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Looks great, works great. Best weather app I've tried. Better than TWC for a very low price.
Laggy radar and that's I re ally use got rod of this and use my cast
Laggy radar and that's I re ally use got rod of this and use my cast
Laggy radar and that's I re ally use got rod of this and use my cast
Laggy radar and that's I re ally use got rod of this and use my cast
Why did this need to be updated? Moto droid now no longer displays temp notification, the main reason I downloaded this app. Please fix.
Why did this need to be updated? Moto droid now no longer displays temp notification, the main reason I downloaded this app. Please fix.
I've had Weatherbug on any and every computer I've had since it was invented...don't be without it; indispensable!
I've had Weatherbug on any and every computer I've had since it was invented...don't be without it; indispensable!
The temperature for Frederick MD is always 2 to 6 degrees off, otherwise I would have given this app 5 stars.
The temperature for Frederick MD is always 2 to 6 degrees off, otherwise I would have given this app 5 stars.
The temperature for Frederick MD is always 2 to 6 degrees off, otherwise I would have given this app 5 stars.
It is 1 degree celcius here? All week? It feels like minus 17. And by the way why is everything frozen outside? It is 1 degree celcius right?
It is 1 degree celcius here? All week? It feels like minus 17. And by the way why is everything frozen outside? It is 1 degree celcius right?
This app blows the weather channel app out of the water. Awesome widgets. Just wish the radar widget was bigger
This app blows the weather channel app out of the water. Awesome widgets. Just wish the radar widget was bigger
I paid for this app and I don't get the level of service I expected. The info does not update automatically most of the time.
I paid for this app and I don't get the level of service I expected. The info does not update automatically most of the time.
I paid for this app and I don't get the level of service I expected. The info does not update automatically most of the time.
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Free or Elite are the BEST INTERNATIONAL Weather App- GPS Weather found small town in Africa. Other popular weather apps didnt
Update issue fixed and now it works better then ever. Good new features and fully functional
Update issue fixed and now it works better then ever. Good new features and fully functional
Update issue fixed and now it works better then ever. Good new features and fully functional
@Juan...why would you change an app that already works perfectly? This app has always worked way better than any weather application. No lags or FCs.
Version 2.5.288 now works on Dext Android 1.5. Thanks for the quick response in supplying the fix.
UI OVERHAUL!!!...almost the same app for a year the only thing that changed is the icon
UI OVERHAUL!!!...almost the same app for a year the only thing that changed is the icon
It does not update hourly like it supposed to. Had to go into app to update to current temp.
Constantly up to speed with visually detailed reports showing when and where the weather is like.
so far i havent had an issue with it. i like it better then the free veresion
Long time user with no problems on Droid X until last update. Does not update now. Pls. fix.
Finally got 2.1 for my Backflip... so back to 5 stars for my favorite app.
Finally got 2.1 for my Backflip... so back to 5 stars for my favorite app.
Great having local weather from wherever I am instead of just from one site within a city.
Love the new update...about time an app utilizes the beautiful ability of my EVO's screen.
One of my favorite apps, being a weather "nut". New update is great! Nice work.
Umm..... where did my widget go?? Since the update the widget simply doesn't show up.
Umm..... where did my widget go?? Since the update the widget simply doesn't show up.
Umm..... where did my widget go?? Since the update the widget simply doesn't show up.
Works great other than all the sudden it tells me I haven't purchased the app and exits the app. I've owned this since the week it came out.
Works great other than all the sudden it tells me I haven't purchased the app and exits the app. I've owned this since the week it came out.
This is by far the best weather and radar app available. It's a must-have for any droid user.
This program was working great but I switched to the Nexus One and it just doesn't seem to want to work now.
Great app keeps me informed of my area, and my families in three different states
Tide times would a nice addition, plus the option to turn off the pollen tab.
Won't work after the update. Says I have to buy it even though I bought it months ago and have been using it without major problems until now.
Great for the price. It would be the best if you could add the actual time for the scenes of animated radar.. similar to the animated photo.
Not working at all. Don't bother with this program. It's been a week and still no fix.
Not working at all. Don't bother with this program. It's been a week and still no fix.
My favorite weather app, but it has decided that I didn't buy it ... even though I definitely did. Some kind of broken DRM?
I feel Weather Bug Elite is better than The Weather Channels second and Topper Shuts channel 9 in third. Just my opinion.
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Don't update. Widgets keep disappearing, constant force closes. Pretty much an unusable app.
Much better than free one. Very nice widget as well. Does everything I could want
Much better than free one. Very nice widget as well. Does everything I could want
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
Great app as always. Works great on Galaxy S. Tried, but can not get it to force close on 2.1
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
Ever since the update this app wont work. Waste of money, the free one actually works
Uninstalled and then reinstalled that fixed the buy now or exit issue..everything back to A plus with this app. Was a bit worried after the update
Uninstalled and then reinstalled that fixed the buy now or exit issue..everything back to A plus with this app. Was a bit worried after the update
Uninstalled and then reinstalled that fixed the buy now or exit issue..everything back to A plus with this app. Was a bit worried after the update
Uninstalled and then reinstalled that fixed the buy now or exit issue..everything back to A plus with this app. Was a bit worried after the update
Uninstalled and then reinstalled that fixed the buy now or exit issue..everything back to A plus with this app. Was a bit worried after the update
Radar map VERY SLOW to load after the new update!! Wish I could go back to old version. Please fix!!
Radar map VERY SLOW to load after the new update!! Wish I could go back to old version. Please fix!!
The new update stinks. It force closes everytime you animate the radar. It also force closes sometimes at random. The rest of the stuff works good.
I love this app! Totally worth the $...I live in AZ but have fam& friends in areas that get bad weather&I like being able to see wx 4 where they are.
Great application but very U.S. orientated, would like to see more videos forecasts and live camera feeds based in/on locations outside of the U.S.
Great application but very U.S. orientated, would like to see more videos forecasts and live camera feeds based in/on locations outside of the U.S.
Is great for keeping up w/ the weather. Sometimes it gets squirlly when im in the middle of nowhere and then back in civilization the nxt day
Is great for keeping up w/ the weather. Sometimes it gets squirlly when im in the middle of nowhere and then back in civilization the nxt day
Took a more proactive approach to fix invalid key issue by uninstalling app and installing again
Took a more proactive approach to fix invalid key issue by uninstalling app and installing again
Took a more proactive approach to fix invalid key issue by uninstalling app and installing again
Most recent update ruined this app. Now says I need to buy it and won't let me
New update says I haven't paid for the app. I paid for it quite a while ago.
Love the app but im still stuck on 1.5 :( roll out fix soon please!
Next to the local tv weather, best weather app for current and long range forecast.
Not very happy that my purchased version says not purchased on my tablet that has market on it. Last version worked fine.
Thanks to the devs for the latest high res graphics, now i can keep my screen density at 200 on my G2 permanent.
At galaxyfan: you need to download the weatherbug tracker its free! Great app better than TWC.
At galaxyfan: you need to download the weatherbug tracker its free! Great app better than TWC.
At galaxyfan: you need to download the weatherbug tracker its free! Great app better than TWC.
At galaxyfan: you need to download the weatherbug tracker its free! Great app better than TWC.
Was great now it displays all weird. Icons are missing at bottom of apparently on current page nothing lines up. Tried reloading it is still messed up
just updated now the temp on the top of my phone is gone and wont load back up.... not cool I use that alot
just updated now the temp on the top of my phone is gone and wont load back up.... not cool I use that alot
worked great on moto i1 until last update now force close every time. Somebody screwed something up
I enjoy the look of the new UI. And making the widget background clear option. Inside market click 'open'. Fixes the BuyMeAgain problem after update.
I enjoy the look of the new UI. And making the widget background clear option. Inside market click 'open'. Fixes the BuyMeAgain problem after update.
It only asks to purchase the first time you open it after update. Stop freaking out kids, it works fine after that.
I had this for a long time it was very good but now after update it says I have to buy again. Sorry but no I won't go there.
This is literally 10x better than the weather channel app, Widgets are 100x better and its less than half the size. Pro developers vs amateurs
New update is terrible, took my temp widget away and forecast are a day behind. Droid
Hands down the best weather app out there. Animated maps, temp in taskbar, weather alerts. Great app! EVO 4G
Hands down the best weather app out there. Animated maps, temp in taskbar, weather alerts. Great app! EVO 4G
Hands down the best weather app out there. Animated maps, temp in taskbar, weather alerts. Great app! EVO 4G
Love the new hi-res graphics every app should be in hd looks so clean crispy.
Love the new hi-res graphics every app should be in hd looks so clean crispy.
Love the new hi-res graphics every app should be in hd looks so clean crispy.
Love the new hi-res graphics every app should be in hd looks so clean crispy.
Best weather app by a LONG mile. Paid for Elite. Love it and rely on it proudly.
Best weather app by a LONG mile. Paid for Elite. Love it and rely on it proudly.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
I want to like this app but it displays weather alerts for the incorrect region.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
What's going on! Purchased over 1 year ago. Latest update says app not purchased, uninstall. Not paying for it twice.
Wasnt impressed... There are better free apps. Weatherbug gives off a very negative weather forecast vibe... infortunate
It always searches for location and won't load it. I think its great when it works.
Love it, but forecast icons in portrait widget need to be evenly spaced. Moto Droid.
Love it, but forecast icons in portrait widget need to be evenly spaced. Moto Droid.
