I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
Please provide move to SDcard option, especially for paid version. One of my favorites.
Awesome game. Very addicting. Gas you're retarded if you would play the game for more than a couple of minutes you would know about the nudge feature.
Awesome game. Very addicting. Gas you're retarded if you would play the game for more than a couple of minutes you would know about the nudge feature.
Good app. Will give 5 stars when there is a stop feature so that I can stop the spin to make it faster.
Hate it do not get or pay money is taken but services are not provided
Not that fun. No new slots always the same one with different color...
Only the spinner and Pot o' Gold free mini games are functional, if I try any other one the Force close / report screen comes up. Thos happens on a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7" .
Dont put a charge for the game. Then expect people to pay more money.
Each spin takes you to a mini games, only way to stop is restart. Too bad, had potential. Uninstalled until fix, out the $$.
& APOSTEK WON'T HELP ME! DON'T GET THE PAID VERSION! I spent ALOT of MY OWN MONEY IN THIS GAME! They said my score wasn't wat it was! I lost $1,945,000,00! All of a sudden it dropped to $222,000...WTF?? & HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE? THNX FOR NOTHING APOSTEK!
Very very cheesy and boring. UNINSTALLED and REFUNDED
Excelent
Really enjoyed game until last update. Game is no longer compatible with my device. It should check that or say that before offering the update.
Needs to be able to work on all devices
I used the free game version and it was awesome. The paid version is identical. So what is the point
After purchasing the game i played it a lot really enjoyed it that was before the last update now it is no longer compatible with my device and i can't play it anymore why do people do this especially after you pay for a full version
Had to reset my phone. Reinstalled game and lost over 24 million credits.
Cant play anymore since last update samsung galaxy tab 7 am going to unstall,  I really did enjoy.
This game sucks, payouts are far and few in between
Paid version and you get all of these banners, in apps ads, popping up. Never get anywhere unless you are lucky to hit the side games that are on the wheel. Good Luck at that
Did not look too bad on the initial free version, so paid for app and tried it.... other than the skin there were no noticeable difference.  Not thrilled with business model.
They recently added 'nudge' and 'hold' functions.  This ruined game.  Don't win as much.
Spinner bug not fixed and removed from mini games plus why are there so many duplicate users in the top 100 UK?	managed to drop from 92nd to 128 in two days as you can now buy your way to the top.  boring now. paid for a service without ads and coins. nudge still annoying waste of time.
Just opens itself up out of nowhere....very annoying.
since last update hardly ever opens & always force-close.
Game locks up too much. Have to force close. Scores don't show up on leaderboard. Not worth paying for. Every time you stop the game and restart it the jack pot starts over at 30. Sometimes doesn't give credit for super jackpot. Would give zero stars but not available. If you uninstall and reinstall your name disappears from leaderboard.
I use to play a lot but after update I'm not going to use or  recommend it to anyone anymore . Sucks I loved this game until update
Until I had to replace my DROID3 with another DROID3, and with several emails back & forth with incompetent people, I have lost all my scores, achievements, coins I bought & earned, and basically I paid for + version & coins for nothing! Total rip off!
While playing daily bonus game, the app froze up. So instead of crediting $4000 in winnings, it subtracted $2000 from my account
Dont nuy coins there os no tracling on how much or when ypu buy them. Very poor customer service
It was a great way to kill time or just play whenever, now it constantly wants ratings and wants me to buy coins. The new "nudge" feature pops up on every spin, as does the "hold" feature. The whole thing is just really annoying now.
Only one slot game and mini games don't work right not worth1.99
Game sucks now.  I lost a whole day cause of game malfunctiong... its only a game but boring now computer decides whether i win or lose!!
When the Super Spinner is fixed and the Scratch Card stops freezing and debitting my credits, I'll rate this higher. Love this game, but those are bugs that should be addressed...
It was fun until the program crashed and wiped out my millions earned.  The only reason for 1 stars and not zero is because i had purchased the plus version previous to the crash and played it every day because i loved it. Now it's just something to do when I'm here bored with all my other games.
Back to 1 star, too many differences between android and iphone, told them about it but still they do nothing
Need to fix asap.  Forces close ever time I try to open it.  PITA
When I used to play mini games, I could win big money, now you have to purchase coins to win any significant amount, and this is after I bought the full version of this game!  How greedy is this company?  Rip off the people who already supported you by buying the game! I will never buy anything from them again!!!
Hold one reel only...... Whats the point in that?
Super spinner still doesn't work correctly on Galaxy Nexus. Doesn't spin inplace instead makes big loops in a circle. Fix!
Get these darn ads out of my paid app
Cool
No way am I updating with these permissions. Come on dev we paid for this app
The new update is fucked up. Why try to fix when it wasn't broken in the 1st place. And why have iphone users got a better deal on the updates than android users. I was 10million in front of a iphone user and in 2 days they were in front of me. Come on apostek make it equal it is the same on mondays with the weekly.
I lost my score 3 times because change my phone. And i didnt use same nickname. Its suck. Dont pay this game!
The free app is great pay for it and it's going to freeze.
Stay with ver 4.5, otherwise you'll need to keep buying coins to play, @ 16$ for 5000 coins. Forget it.
Not a fan of the new version. Please bring back the old one. I'm not buying coins to play the game when I had to purchase this app in the first place. Seems like the game creators are getting greedy and I am no longer interested in playing their game.
Hate new format won't be buying new coins ripoff
None of the badges open
Can only bet a max of $50?  What happened to the $500?  Now I wish I didn't get the plus game!
This WAS a great game. This "new" change made yesterday made it bunk.
Why did I lose all my coins I had.
Game claims UNLIMITED mini games for coins OR playing a number of spins.   Notifier even pops up when UNLIMITED mini games are unlocked.  After required spins, you can play mini game for 3 minutes at 50 credit cap!  What is UNLIMITED about that?  I would rate zero stars if I could.
Don't like new mini game it's boring
your ruined  it...can't bet 500 anymore on jacks or better...its not worth playing anymore...
Sucks now used to love this game can't cash out among other things
I paid for this app to avoid ads or notifications on my phone when app is not running. Stay off my notification bar.
No longer able to rack up points on poker.  What used to be worth $12,500 is now worth $1,250 and so on. Only way to get higher points now is to spend your own money to buy coins. What a farse. It will take me a month or more to make the next level instead of a week. Not sure I'll continue with it at this point. No longer fun.
Can't bet enough. It's hardly worth the time. Bring back the old version or lose me. Boring.zzz
NO COINS NO MINI GAMES ! SPOILT WHAT WAS A GOOD GAME
Need new skins. Not happy with everything costing coins. I already purchased plus.
DOWNGRADED!! Don't like the new inap! Go back to old pay version! Thats why I paid for it in the first place, to avoid ads!
Very very poor for me.i  dont know if it is know my end or theirs its been a month now ive been back and forth with them and nothing has been done about it .my game when it goes to the pit of gold and back to the regular screen it freezes and then nothing cant play i have to un unistall and reinstall then i can play but as soon as i get pot of gold sane thing if i dont uninstall and exit out and go back in then it just goes to pot of gold and same thing this was my faorite game now very disappointed im goin
I switched to a newer phone & lost all the points I had & the coins I payed for. This app sucks. To top it all off I asked support I haven't heard anything from them it's been a week!!!!
This game used to be the best. No communucation with support ive sent 4 emails.. WHATS HAPPENED!!!
I paid for the full version. Know why? So I wouldn't have to deal with ads. Gfy.
It finally updated for tablets :O
Had to reinstall and I did not recover my score I had millions and lost it all
Well not worth the money seriously dont bother
Need to fix the last update that jacked my game up!  Stupid oversized buttons have the whole thing screwed up. PLEASE FIX PROBLEM SOON!!!!
Truly loved this game until I turned it on & my 2+ mil credits were GONE & my 1.7 mil in cash was also MISSING!!! WTF? Droid incredible
Installs Trojan according to kapersky, avg, and bitdefender .
Love this game! Totally addictive!!!
Avast found as malware slowdown phone
I give up. I'm un loading the game. Now on top of all the other problems I've had since12/08/11 update, now my anti virus is telling me it has some kind of spy ware. BYE BYE.  Not happy any more .
Puchased the game...just kept authorizing...never installed the plus version. Free version went thru with no problem.
Terrible on Samsung note device.    Screen doesn't line up on phone.  Unable to play bonus rounds due to not being able to view full screen.
I got my $$$ and virtual goods back. The dev was very helpful and he spent a couple of days to restore my credits. Thanks so much!
Needs updated for 4GLTE not worth the money I paid
Yeah, great, thanks. Uninstalling
Worth upgrade to plus.. play slots for great wins.
It's getting really annoying everytime mini-games come up if u don't play that stupid poker game everytime, they take ur $$in the horse racing game. It's just not right!!!
Stupid  !
Needs to be able to bet higher  then 15 coins wth
Iit
Very unstable lots of bugs customer service is adequate at best I have had this on my phone for over 6 months always crashing are not giving points
Keeps going to Luckys pot of gold. Will not do anything else..
After the last update the fun is just about gone.  If it weren't for daily usage and the corresponding daily bonus, 3 times, and 500 spins bonuses it would take hundreds of spins to win even 10,000 credits. The only good news is that "Nudge" is gone. The game is much more like the real thing which means the winning odds are very low. Good luck - you'll need it.
Paid for the upgrade ads went away could change skins but couldn't see screen to play daily bonus still or video poker in mini game bonus.  I dont need skin changed to play and I didnt mind the ads so upgrade was basically worthless.
I was under the impression that I could actually gamble through this app...and I don't get anything at all...waste of 2$ in my eyes...
:-P
The Slot Machine spin better than the old one More to chose Games
Go back to the way it was. Don't want the ads. Paid not to have ads, and now getting them.
I really loved this game, but the last 4 or so updates added advertisements for their own coins.  Plus you can now buy your score with dollars or by responding to ads! The game is no longer about chance, slots or mini-games, but what you buy!
Support forgot me,  can't access shop.  Lost my rewards .. don't recommend at all
11million credits and no badges unlocked! HELP PLS
It is slow and the screen jerks when I nudge I do not like the seconds ticking away at top of screen Not much better than free version.
Just updated game, and holy cow does it ever fly!  So much faster than before,  and so much more fun!  Thanks Team!
Very predictable and dull. Virtually no action, amount you are going to win can be timed, and there is simply not enough variance. Further, as in most phone software, comprehensible instructions are either non-existent or incredibly hard to find. Details are there, but no explanation rendering most information useless.
When? 5 stars when you finally get this app working on a Asus Transformer without formatting issues.
please fix the resolution to support my phone :(
App never updated. Or never will. No fix yet for bigger screen smartphone..display not full screen.
I can't stop playing this game...great way to pass time. Only app I have ever bought
I had over 2 million dollars in winnings and now it shows me only having 900k
***Original rating 5 stars(Fun app. No problems. No ads!!!)  ***Current rating 1 star...stuck on Halloween skin & none of the bonus games work.  Big bummer.
My scores aren't listed n it wont unlock my badges and I've purchased so much to unlock badges ...not good
Way too many freezes, specially when it come to the jackpots and minigames.
Irated this app. low due to many freeze ups, and loss of paid for items, and loss of money.  Maybe one day this games bugs will get worked out
Great game
Takes wins back on daily bonuses so its no good. I don't like this app. AT ALL
Best One For Android
Totally sucks balls!!!
Bonus game are not sized right and don't work after update!
Boring!!!!!!!!!
Bonuses got reduced from 5000 to 500, 3000 to 1000 and 2000 ti 1000 for different things. Having bought the paid version, this is outright cheating
I enjoyed it for awhile but then it stopped working right when I wad hooked.
Everything is gone please fix. I love this game but I won't play if my credit and cash doesn't come back...
Wont work on samsung tablet
Not getting credit for days played , all of my badges are gone and I'm still waiting on dev to get back to me on fixing the issue , until then 1 star.
So what's with the net worth thing when I transfor credits to money half of it is net worth and I can't spend it
Locks up
This game doesn't save your profile in case you have to change phone... You'll have to start all over.
Hate the new twinkle sound instead of coin sounds
Wont give winning lines... bet max got super jackpot.... didn't get it on a bet line... sucks
Doesnt transfer credits from demo version... 1star.
All my purchases and position in Aus have fine... giving up on it now. Very Dissapointed!!!
You buy this game and "app in" pops up all the time. Burning time, If you dont want to think much and you have time to burn...this game is for you.
Inapp sucks. Glitch it doesn't run smoothly I'm uninstalling this app. It sucks now!
This extra coinage to purchase might be the end of things for me. I paid for the premium edition of this app to get all extras and avoid ads.
Love this game!
A network version front end is loaded and I am told if I don't click "yes" to accepting online gaming with others that "I don't like to have fun"
Not getting any of the xtras i paid for even after many updates etc Ready to unistall and quit playing
Upgraded and every time I done a mini game my score went back to 745487 even when I had reached 786732.
Had to reinstall the app and lost all of my credits. Just not worth the hassle.
Not as good as most free ones
This is dumb don't. Ever buy this
I cannot upload my score when reach 10Million... So bad...
Will not transfer credits from the free version so 1star until fixed. HTC desire hd
BORING, NOT FUN ANY MORE No score .Cant get my name on the board CANT GET MY NAME ON THE BOARD CANT GET MY NAME ON THE BOARD
Tired of the poker playing for me and freezing in the middle of not just mine, but my husbands game. When fixed I will re rate at the original 5 stars
Tired of all the problems and bugs with this game. TOO MANY CHEATERS /HACKERS AND PROBLEMS. DON'T BOTHER NOT WORTH IT. UNINSTALLED
Poor
i beat leader by 4 millions, bur was deleted from game. 2 weeks and 7 e-mails did not resolve problem.i was never contacted by great customer support. just feel sorry for wasted time. good game highly recomended. waste your time, indeed.
Great game!
Taking off my phone. Doesn't work on tghe droid 3! Lost all credits when I switched phones and doesn't line up right. Waste of money.
A good wast of time
Will not recover scores during upgrade. Free & paid version are exactly the same except in paid version you never hit mini games or free spins. Ripoff
You will never get the "mini games" bonus with paid version.... Ever.... I promise you. Waste. Pointless. Junk. Scam.
The game is addictive but wish my scores would update like they're supposed to nothing changes on the leaderboards even my daily scores dont show
does anyone know why my score does not show up on the leader Board? its stuck in 13m when i have 17m
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Don't waste your money.You would have the same amount of fun if you set your cash on fire
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
The free on was the same an that one you had prizes or skins to look forward to...a straight up rip off!
Please provide move to SDcard option, especially for paid version. One of my favorites.
So far I have paid for this and its no different than the free version! I see no where to use this nudge. There is no place to upload scores lies!
Nice GUI. 3, or even 5-way win possibilities are nice. This update has vastly improved play. (HTC Droid Incredible)
Nice GUI. 3, or even 5-way win possibilities are nice. This update has vastly improved play. (HTC Droid Incredible)
Nice GUI. 3, or even 5-way win possibilities are nice. This update has vastly improved play. (HTC Droid Incredible)
Had to change phones and lost all credit's it asked me when I downloaded if I wanted to get my score back, I pushed yes but didnt give me my credit 's back. Now I have to start over again,  not happy! !!!!
What's up on sundays STILL NO BONOUS'S??????? PLEASE FIX!!!!
I love the game however when my phone was reset and my scores were recovered it only recovered 1/5th of my points
When i got my new phone and downloaded my purchased app, i lost all my credits I worked so hard to get. Don't know who to contact. I'm not starting over!
Low winnings
Luv the free or pay mini game option
Not worth paying for. 1st version is better ! ! :( the mini games dont always pay, it freezes up too  often. The mini games freeze during the play,
Kinda fun, for 2 bucks you never lose, but graphics and bonus games seem like nintendo 64 games.
Since the last update I can no longer see what the cards are in video poker and the horses fall off the bottom of the screen and the race goes on forever.
This game was fun, but since the last update, i am unable to play it. PLEASE FIX
Its good BUT WHAT IS THE POINT OF FREE NUDGES????? 1 NUDGE WOULD GIVE YOU A WI BUT IT BRINGS THE WRONG REEL DOWN!!!!!
I love this game it will pass the time away.  But the super spinner does not work at all this is quite disappointing need to fix bugs
Cheaters, no way can SIX people jump mr in score. Have never seen any of those names anywhere
Super slots
Don't waste the $$$ as the mini games still don't work even after u buy it!  Kinda boring but its okay.
Doesn't  work on Toshiba thrive. Never got free spins
I really liked this game the way it was BEFORE the changes... But that's just me.
Brill
After paying for app there was no advantage. stay with the free version. Either way you will get board.
Ok app, don't like all the in app purchase requests or in ability to make versus coins.
Sucks
Old version was better.
Upgraded phone and had to start over.....not worth wasting time to build back the fortune i lost
Why does everything cost coins we paid for the app and now charging more for coins why can't you win coins in the game?
keeps getting such and lags
I've always loved this app, as you can tell from my over 13 million credits, but since the introduction of coins and the removal of minigames play for credits the app has really lost a lot of its appeal.
Resolution of poker game is lower than before. Poker game paytable decreased tenfold. WTF! Nudge and hold reminders annoying make them fixed button.  Rollback update please it has gone from a 4.5 star game to barely a 2 in my book.
A great game now sucks. The mini poker game is no fun with the bet change. Go back. The push for purchasing coins is not what I paid for.
Before I updated this game I liked it because the poker mini game was unlimited. I thought that was a plus since it was a purchased app. After the update it is disappointing because the mini game was reduced to 5 minutes. Might uninstall if not fixed soon.
Lots of fun just like being in Vegas!
Slot o mania is WAY better.
I paid for NO ADS, but now you put on silly little "GET FREE COINS" icons and banners. I may not get your other games. And it gets worse. To top it off, you must allow youself to be ultra-spammed to get these "free coins" thus opening the "premium" content. I was under the impression that my cash was enough. Now you want my privacy. Not cool.
line up so it isn't clear that u  have a winning combination
Time killer
Fun game but will not install updates
Would have given five credits. I've written with some major problems. Ranking system i can have one hundred fifty thousand and my rank will not show up on todays leader board. It states in the today, weekly, & monthly Rank only 2M+ well i have over six million about to hit seven. I don't show up. I've done the updates and that didn't solve the problem.  I've written to the tech team after the fourth email no responds back. I've paid for this game please fix it. Cindymoonbeam
Boring after a while, waiting for the Royal Flush in the poker game - that's the only way of making big money.
App sucks u always win
Love it
Gets stuck
Not sure if i would rather beat a bag full of kittens off the wall or play this
You can now buy your way towards achievements insyead of earning them.
Fun app. The last update added adds and changed the super jackpot to that of the free game. Killed it to me
The latest upgrade has turned it into a marketing tool.
Not really digging the game since the last update. It hesitate by 30 seconds sometimes making the game seem like it's crawling. Hate the ads and the extra tabs. Please fix!
Isn't this supposed to be ad free , Almost good on ics now,  Horses broken on ics, Credits in wrong place on ics, To name a few
I liked the app when I first got it. Paid for it to show my support for the creator and get rid of the ads. Now constantly getting the "get more coins" popups. Scoreboard seems to be having a massive nervous breakdown. Rank goes from 1630 to "scores only shown for 1m+"  Hopefully there will be a update that corrects some of the issues. Still a fun game but those minor things are slowly eroding the fun.
Mini games don't work right and reels don't line up on gnote
Slots + would get better rating if didnt keep getting not responding force close/wait/report.	If it didn't keep on force closing on me would get  better rating. They should come up with better mini games. Get rid of the horse race cant win alot
Says have to move to phone.
Passes time but not very interesting
Compared to I phone version, droid app is terrible. Low max bets, poor animation, jerky wheel turning.  Better to spend money and go to vegas
Graphics are way off - the slots are terribly mis-aligned and the bottom rows hide, the horses dissapear off the bottom of the screen.
Paid for mini games, they are still locked. Unhappy.
used to fink it woz a brilliant game.since update it won't let me load my purchases.very disappointed as it took me along time to get them.
My coins got stolen
Love this game
how thirty-five thousand may be my daily score if I won the poker above one hundred thousand???
I like the game.   Especially the mini games but they freeze up all the time.  A 5 minute game takes 15 minutes to play.
Sound effects are remedial.  Not worth it, boring!
The action is ok, fairly smooth graphics, but I hate the bloatware (wallpaper can't be removed).  And why do I still have ads when I paid for this?
I loved this game until the latest update. Now the openfeint crap keeps opening every few minutes, even when i am not playing the game.
Passes the time.
Games suck and so do the point system u win 30 k but only give u 5k
Love it
Donâ€™t buy the free version does the same thing boring!!!!
Need more mini games, skins, & sounds! Other than that an awesome game love it!
Ok game, designer must be stuck in the 70's as no modern slot only has only 3 reels, 5 lines and max bet of 3. Other better slot games out there
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
So addictive... i havent put it down since i installed it... when mini game comes up i cant wait to bet on the horse. Best install game to date..
Gets boring quick. No skill required, and you win 4 out of 5 spins. Random nudge, not challenging...
Installed on my HTC flyer very small does not fill screen just for mobile phone I think pity looked good got refunded ok
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
Keeps freezing up after so many minutes playing. Then I have to restart my droid x. Please fix.and it would be five rating
Liked it loads until latest upgrade. If I want to collect useless virtual junk I can do that on fb apps.
Its a great app but after you purchase it you get nothing new except all skins open. But game is great on Samsung Epic 4G and on my HTC EVO 4G
With the latest update, I've started getting ads. Since I paid for the app, that should not be happening...
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
Unrealistic. No real slot machine keeps paying out nearly endlessly. My score essentially just keeps going up. Nudge doesn't work like real machines.
Addicting, lots of fun! Wish it would keep the same settings from previous play, i.e. skin preference.
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
Just ok boring no diff. from free 1, just ads n 1 more theme..after upgrading still says "upgrade 2 unlock all" next 2 pytble, nudge sucks!!!!!!!!!
After installing: Little dragons, restaurant story, fashion story, cyberus age, brightwood adventures, bakery story, 101 in games, the windows service call, never got my gold coins.  Even subscribed to google offers.  Did not get coins.  Some games did give coins,but the 15 coin games.  The game freezes when winning big in triple window mini games poker.  As soon as you hit it big, it just freezes and w sites out the timer.  If i get credits for games and services, i will return o let you know.  Asus transformer 309t prime user.
If you won 250; 850 or 1150 credits it doesn't matter you will only get 248, 848 or 1148! Sometimes you do NOT receive your credits at all! Consistent rip off!
Very slow to earn coins only can hold one reel  Gets slow sometimes
Loovvvvveeeeee this game fully hooked on it
Nexus 7 Some low quality visuals, but very addictive. You want to stop but time fly's bye. Wish there were more variations & styles of slot machine's.
Graphics aren't very smooth but still fun.
It's a very nice game if it doesn't keep hanging on the pot of gold. Every turn keeps prompting pot of gold and then whole game hangs, can't even spin.
But would be nice if 1 of the jackpots be Real Money then the game would be more often played and stop people from uninstalling cause it does easily get boring!
Fun game, uses a lot of battery life
This game crashes so often you worry when the next FORCE CLOSE will hit tsk.  :(  The mini games are worthless because none of them load.  Please PLEASE suspend your cosmetics development and just DEBUG THE F'N THING.
Love the game, love the look, but not too happy with the paid app vs. free app.  Paid app has some sort of banner type ad that asks for a rating and you'll get great games. Not sure what that is but it shouldn't be in a paid app. Also there are NO UNLIMITED MINI GAMES unless you buy coins, otherwise you get one game after 100 spins. Very misleading imo.
The shop prize is tooo expensive
Perhaps it would enhance the gaming by also providing different slot machines as well that could be unlocked after so many point in addition to the main game.
I had loved this game but lately when playing mini games it freezes and even though I won it has been debting as if you lost
Good game. Would like to know how these people get millions of credits in one day.
To many freezing and than have to wait to start again, other than that, I like it a lot.
First time played --Excellent!
Fun, but many functions not adequately explained. Nudge?? works haphazard How do I convert all those credits to coins??
Fun if you could bet more   Overall good
So so
Good
Not bad for a cheap-o game!
Cool game
Cool new features, BUT waste of time to have Max bet of 50 on mini poker game. Why change Max bet ranges for games?  BE CONSISTENT! Don't always get coins after downloading apps... watch you points....
Was great till got a new phone lost over 9 millon now have to.start all over again
This game is the best never stop playing it
I LOVE THIS GAME. MAKES PASSING TIME THE BEST, BUT ONLY COMPLAINT IS I HAVE NEVER HAD ISSUES WITH THIS GAME UNTIL RECENT CHANGES. MY GAME FREEZES NOW AND FOR 2 DAYS IN A ROW IT TOOK MY HOLDS/NUDGES. SO NOT COOL. PLEASE FIX THAT. OTHER WISE I FIX LOVE THIS GAME....
Not as fast on end spin as it used to be. Don't like as much
I wish you could choose between getting the latest updated version or rolling back 1 to the better, lag-free version. /sigh/
fun to play!!! But I'm not happy with the nudge and hold it says you get 25 per day but if you stop play and then come back later that day you don't have them anymore also the super jackpot it's too often with 2 little amounts to make it super and I don't get this whole you gotta buy coins thing. Work early please
It's fun but not realistic.  If this was in a casino, they would lose money.  Everyone is a winner.  It's good to kill time though.
Was good really liked it but now supper spinneris way out fix this and it would b the s#!+
Could be more fun.
Keeps me entertained.
Good time waster but where is this 5.0.1? Mine keeps updating but is only 4.6.7 or something
Duh! I get it with the nudge. It doesn't need to flash every spin. Soooooo annoying!!! Loved this game before that showed up with the latest update.
I like that the mini games can now be played separate from winning them or daily bonuses. Adding the nudge/hold feature is great. But if I play for 30+ minutes to get them... I should be able to keep them until the next reset, not lose them when I exit the game.
I like some of the new features, but shortening mini-game time and money sucks. I love playing this poker.
I don't see where this game is any different from the original game, because I still don't see where you'll ever get your 500 free spins.
Its fun
1. Has not provided 10000 Sunday bonus For last two? weeks although I played every day. 2. Occasionally while playing Jacks or Better Poker minigame the button displays the backs of the cards and not the faces so you can pick the ones you want to hold when you go for the deal. Samsung Galaxy Mesmerize
I have a GS2 Skyrocket.  I used to love this game; now it looks like s#!t.  Since the update, the graphics are grainy, and the sounds don't match up.  Please fix this!  I loved this app until the update.  :)
Didn't transfer my monies and I even purchased the version that cost, wow u guys suck. Really like the game before!
Needs option to extend poker mini game time period.
U still get some type of ads even after purchase.
Doesn't support landscape mode that would be cool. Fun for downtimes between things during the day
Betting 3 gets old fast,slots have, 1 , 2, 5, 10 dollars bets,,not to many has .75 cents
Totally love this game. Very fun. Could use a, new mini game but not a big deal. Won't stop me from playing!
Super spinner still doesn't work on Toshiba Thrive 10.1 tablet :( Please fix.
It is very fun and keeps me from spending money. The only problem is achievements I have completed at least three but still not unlocked.
Sweet
Gameplay is OK, fun enough, but couldn't play for too long.  Screen doesn't seem to line up, horse race never seems to end.
Good time waster would be better if you could bet more than 15 credits a game though.
Game is ok you win but there is only 1 slot game so it gets old fast
Excellent time killer. The wheel is the best
There is a 50 percent chance of crashing or hung screen  during the daily card scratch-off. It also skips some of the audible clicks when the wheels stop. It is a pretty fun game, if they can get these issues worked out.
Great game, huge payouts. Then they changed the payable. now you lose more than you win. Go back to the old payable please!
When u pay for an App like this you shouldnt lose on the game!
I really enjoy playing this game, you need to be able to make higher bets though.
I luvd this game but now I purchased the InApp coins 3 times the took my money but didn't give me my coins! Don't knw what's up. CSA slow to help. WTF
I'm not visible on the leader board
Sorta good but mostly BORING
Wish u coukd bet more than  15
Iit
It's fun in ways but it can also be boring in lots of ways
Great app
More lines
was seamless, installed update...debited 1000 from me after video poker when I had plenty of winnings after initial 5000 wager.  not good.  vid poker was only reason i liked game
Since new update it keeps saying im always off line. Dislike
I love this game it gets me through My day it is so relaxing and its real fun i fill like i am in a casin
Cooooooool game but you should add a double feature on your winnings ;-)
Great app but serious bugs. They try to upload so much data that it causes severe and really irritating lag
Work well
Just what these title says...  tablets running honeycomb and ICS has rendering issues...  works fine on phones... except the super spinner. On ICS, the whole wheel spoons off the screen...
good
I play in excess of 5 minutes everyday.  My Sunday bonus today was only 5 k.  why?
Addictive
Good game to pass time away
It was 5 Stars until they put the in app pop-up.
Lost credits again and store purchases... what's going on with app????? Want to go back to 5 stars, please fix...
Great Game. Thomas Great  game.
New phone scores did not transfer ....support no help
Good game slow on my comet.
Nice but could speed it up a bit.
Alright game
They assume that you know how to play. Doesn't have directions on how to play.  How do you get the wheel to spin? Explain credits vs. money.
Needs more mini games.
Good, but needs tweaking Good game. Some bugs in Poker and OpenFeint achievements not registering.  In-app sucks for those of us would have paid.
Paid for mini games, they are still locked. Unhappy.
I like the game a lot
A little slow.
Chief Great app.need more ways to win.more specials...!
This was a 5 star game. In App garbage gets it a 3 star Rating. I paid for the add free version so I didn't have to suffer this crap.
Love this game, bought paid version a year ago, try to play daily. I put up with the bugs, but these changes are unacceptable. Fix it, please!!
Good time waster !
It is entertaining,but kind of gets a little monotonous.
I love the Halloween screen for this game. I also love the new poker game and bonuses. I definitely recommend this game!
Mini games wont work on Galaxy tab!
It's ok should be able to go to mini game anytime
Fun game!!
This game is fun and easy for all of us to play.
The download 4 the upgraded mini games isnt working. I keep downloadin it and nothin happens!!!!!
Come on man!!
It is the right game to pass the time
It good but the limits should be highe
Daily play tracker does not work since Halloween update! 5 stars when fixed (please fix!!!)
Best poker machine on any phone. Well worth paying for, but didn't know updates are not free.
Great game but need to be able bet more
4stars with more skins 5 stars with Maybe more of a casino feel in the bonus aspects and maybe more options problems wise haven't really ran into any
Not paying for my royal flushes
Pretty good. I don't understand it all yet.
Very addictive but achievements don't work.
Used my free trials. I paid so, I could continue to play poker. Mini games trials locked & no poker as app states there is.
Good game, but make the pay table more realistic! A 'super jackpot' which earns ~$200 while the minigames earn $5000?! 3 free spins?! Come on!
I really want this game. But the problem is I cant see the horse on the mini game and I cant play the video poker. Tried to reinstall,still the same.
Only three stars cause is doesn't give me my weekly bonus for playing everyday
Should have better payouts.
Would like to see more bonuses.
Lowered rating from 5-star to 3-star since devs no longer respond to emailed bugs/questions.
Great game since you added video poker.
It's ok It's could have a lil more complexity in the shop. And ranking statistics. But its starting to get better
Ok time waster. Not much to entice continued play.
Ok
Really fun game!
Wish you can bet more money
Bit repetitive, needs more mini games more often, I find myself jus spining over an over again, the iPhone slots are a 5 star
This game is alot of fun
Don't always get all of my bonus credits added. Especially the Sunday Bonus, 3 in a Row, and 500 Spins. Some Super Jackpot only $200.00 really??
Like it but needs more skins yo choose from and y does every thing have 2b sooooo much muny?
Since last update, mini games never win, hardly any spins & bankrupt every time, daily game is always 1x or 0x now. Not near as entertaining like this
If you love slots, then this is worth installing and paying for full version.
It could have more scratcher games on it ... And a real looking slot ball on the side to pull down on it to win
It's a lot of fun without losing your shirt. Good practice for the real thing to
Like but wished I could place a larger bet and hate the mini game and nudge
Like but wished I could place a larger bet and hate the mini game and nudge
Like but wished I could place a larger bet and hate the mini game and nudge
it would be more fun of there were more mini games to play. It gets boring to just spin.
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Would be much better if higher bet amounts allowed. Items for purchase within the game are astronomically high for the small bet limits allowed.
The game is addictive but wish my scores would update like they're supposed to nothing changes on the leaderboards even my daily scores dont show
Lots of fun, but the paid version keeps crashing. Had to uninstall. Stick with the free version.
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
Keeps freezing up after so many minutes playing. Then I have to restart my droid x. Please fix.and it would be five rating
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Lost 5 spins only get 3 now liked when it was random between the two
Passes the time... needs a move to SD option, 11meg is more than I can spare.
Addicting, lots of fun! Wish it would keep the same settings from previous play, i.e. skin preference.
The best of "all" the Market slot games... BUT NEEDS TO BE MORE "VISUALLY" EXCITING W/ >{LIGHTED}< "WINNING" [PAYLINES] & x5s / x10s [PAYOUT] SLOTS
You pay for the slots plus version and its the same as free version not worth paying for if you get nothing extra
I wish I could reset credits if I were going to a real casino I wouldnt take $100,000 with me each day would like it to be more real
Please provide move to SDcard option, especially for paid version. One of my favorites.
I don't like the "tap to nudge". It takes away from the fun. I just downrated to 3 stars
Its the best
Free spin going all over. Not saying in middle. Still good game. Please fix. GSII
A lot of fun!
Cool fun
Like the game but grew tired of it and this is first time i have played for ages
This Game Is Awesome, Love The Horse Racing.... Hazeltucky baby
I'm hooked on this game! The only glitch is sometimes it freezes and doesn't count all the chips that I've won....sometimes it is a lot of credits and it can be very frustrating! But overall its a good game
Easy and fun to play.
Great app, I've had for about a year now with few issues. Worth the money to upgrade, but I should be allowed to use my 1.1 million dollars in the game to buy free game coins. Fix this for a better experience.
I play it everyday..love it!
Fun game thus far just purchased extended game.
5 stats when they fix daily bonus game.  Other than that prefect
The game should have as many nudges as posible instead of having to purchase coins
Like it a lot
Seems as though the winning odds are WAY better than normal but its still fun.  Can't put it down!
Fun game. To bad its not real money
Nice game but sometimes uses more money than 3 coins should be 3 for 15 sometimes it takes  6 fix it
Can't put it down.
Dont put a charge for the game. Then expect people to pay more money.
indeed the best slot machine app; i always play it when i have time to kill. a bit of ads, but thats fine. the other problem is that the credits ive won in the minigame (poker) sometimes does not get credited. i keep track of my credits before and after the minigame, so im pretty sure there is a bug somewhere. it has happened a couple of times alr. a little quick to drain the phone battery also. otherwise its a perfect slot machine!
Keep hearing bad things about it but it works great on my phone. Only complaint is the super spinner mini game. It's broken!
Had original. Just upgraded. What an improvement :-)
Barnone Great app should allow mini game on free version
Easy to play but very addictive
I truly only purchased this game because it said Unlimited Mini Games, but that has not been the case for me or my girlfriend who also purchased it after me on her iPhone.
Excellent. Very enjoyable.  Highly recommended
Lots of fun. Fills idol time with fun.
Just quit the add-ons for 5 stars
The only reason its not a 5 is because you can't stop on a dime with a single button which gives you the feeling that you are  actually influencing it. I won't give a 5 to any slot game until they make a slot game with this feature. Other than that feature this game is above an beyond any other slot game I've played thus far and really gives you a Vegas feel if you connect it to speakers.
I rated the five I play excellent
A Excellent TIME Waster!
Worked great until last update. What happened to spinner on mini games? And now spinner is all off center and wacky! Please fix.
Slow game, but can pay off in the long run.
Time killer.  Be better if u could do more with winnings. Besides buy random stuff. Like new thenes or something fun
It takes forever to get a reward than the entire reward is skipped...Fit It! Tgv
I've played this exact game for over a year and loved it, but too many ads for a paid app. Less ads would be 5 stars
Mostly good however the chocolate wheel does not spin on the center  Thanks
Great
This game is alot of fun.
Grate game
Great way to pass some time.
freezes a bit but super fun
Great game...passes time! :-)
great!
I love this game but would love to be given the option of which one reel would I like to spin not hold. Then I will rate a four, just a better chance to win and that makes it more dun.
Love it!
Love it!
After several updates we always have problems on different phones. Developer needs better testing before releasing updates.
Keeps me busy for hours. Wish there was more of a variety of items to buy in the store. It's actually pretty lame of a store.
Love the game but I got a new phone. It said I was an existing player and it would recover my scores but it didn't !!!!! I'm not happy !!
This game is getting even better! well done developers, please design a number of skins though, it would be better to have a variety to pick from
Did not look too bad on the initial free version, so paid for app and tried it.... other than the skin there were no noticeable difference.  Not thrilled with business model.
This is definitely one of my top 3 favorite slot games on my android phone. Great fun & excellent way to pass time when you're bored!  "KUDOS" to the developers! !
Love it! You win,  dont have to buy credits. Passes the time quickly!
It is a good game just need to be able to make higher bets 15 is not high enough .
I wish it was real
Needs different pay lines, bigger jackpots, longer poker time.
Great fun. Just wish the payouts matched what it says you won. Fix that, then 5 ***** stars.
Wish you could bet bigger.  This is to easy to win on, and no bigger betting.  How about more chips per line/more machine reels?  Would def get 5 star.  Already bought pay version hoping for bigger bets.... Are there plans for more reels, new machines or increased wager amounts?
Great game
Great game
Great game
Alot of fun. Works great.
Great game to pass the time with.
GreAt Wow
You need to fix the Super Spinner. It's been screwed up since the recent update. The whole thing turns around like it's hanging from the wall on a nail. WTH? 5 stars if you fix it. Was my favorite game.
Addictive. Like the updates. Just don't get the Sunday specials. Other than that this is one of my favorite games.
I really like this one
I love it.
Good...has a few flaws but a good time Easter.
Good...has a few flaws but a good time Easter.
Almost like the Snoqualmie casino!
Not bad
Addictive!
Thanks for getting it up and running! Wish I could get my old scores.
Addicting game
love it. keeps me occupied for hours and very rewarding to play.
Need more winning ops.
Brill
Has a problem with the spinning wheel in Samsung N7000. the wheel does not turn around the axis but moves out of the screen.
Bitchin game
Winner, winner chicken dinner!
Enjoy the bonus and the shopping with the game .
Good game , but cant move to sd card
Some of the "in app" sponsors don't payout coins...don't know why. Fix it...then perfect.
Great game lot of extras
Excellent
Great game
Cool
Hours of enjoyment
Need new skins. I've had these since they were available to have. Love the game very addicting.
Works great on my ZTE optik v55
Game is the best. They've removed lots of perks and done some upgrading. The "help" is patient and cooperative. Thanks for a good game of slots.
Good to pass the time.
Good game I play it at work all the time!
Slots of fun!  Really great gaming with neat, free additions (upgrades, really) every so often that just make it better and better!  Trust me: A+!
I like it!!!
Great game. The spinner game still goes off screen when spun.
Nice!!!
Really addictive. Love this game
I love this game!
Lots of fun. Works well on the HTC thunderbolt
great slots
Very addictive just wish you could bet more than 15 coins.
Lots of fun to pass the time.
The super spinner isnt acting quite right... Other than that, love it!
Great fun......try it!
You guy's owe me over 100 coins, I sign up or down load and I get NO coins
Love the game,but your new nudge/hold force closes the game on me after the second time I hit diamonds or the money symbols too many times and than i lose the rest of my nudges/holds. And i would also like to be able to bet more than 50 on the new mini games that i pay for. PLEASE FIX ISSUES....
Great game! Keeps me  coming back. I like that the nudge was added.
Cool
Lots of fun
Be prepared to lose hours...
Liked it better when you could buy 300,000 points
I like the updates, but the spin wheel needs to be fixed.
How do you "nudge?" No explanation on that, so I can only give 4 stars.
I just want every one to know this is a great game
I enjoy the game especially the halloween 1 with squish the spider but it's nice that there's different faces and music.
Love the new updates. Just sucks you have to buy coins or wait to land on mini games to play. Shouldve had it to where we could use our cash to play.
Upgraded my rating to 5* now. With all the new enhancements the possibilities are much much more. Wish they would have more slot games though.
Progressive jackpot needs to be huge. Games need animated characters. And how about rock'n roll music to keep me goin'..Yah!now that's the ticket!
I love this game but my score and user name are in the wrong places on the leader boards please fix this it all the 5 stars will go. When I buy s game I expect it to work properly :@
Its quite a fun game
Cool way 2 pass time.
Love the game, juat wish you could bet more
Pretty cool. Having fun playing.
great slot machine app. this game makes long lines and wait times more bearable.
The game is alright
Fun with great mini games
Great game!!!
If you like casino slots.  . .this is better
Its a good pass time game.
Starting to get worried about a all the security permissions this app requires. Keep it simple or you're going to start scaring people away.
Great game
Only 50 max bet on jacks or better. WTF happened to 500??
Good way to pass the time.
Good game gets the slot out of your head
I like this slot app, much better than others I've tried
Fun game. I like the mini games
I have enjoyed this game for months, but it did not carry over my winnings when I upgraded to a new phone!  I had about $760k.  Not cool!  Apostek, please give me my cash!
Better then alot
Slots is addicting.  Fun at no cost.
Good app
Sweet game
Very addicting
Good game !
Easy entertainment with gun bonus games.
Play every day  needs more skins
Love this game
Best slot machine app kills time
Great game to pass the time.
This game is better in the free version!!
Adictive and tons of fun!
I really enjoy playing while waiting in lines. Two things are different since I first started playing: Tap to nudge is no longer working and the Wheel spins all around the screen making hard to spin and hard to see what you won!
This game is addicting & fun! :-)
Needs more mini games
There is still a glitch on androids. You can't see your credit count on the lower right of the screen
Great time passer just wish you could bet more than 15 coins each turn!!!!
$$$
Love it!!sooo addictive!!
Installs Trojan according to kapersky, avg, and bitdefender .
Great game!
after I changed phone wont uploude scores (hade over 34000000)on leaderbord.:( Tride dev -cant help!
Great game! Needs more mini games tho! Horse race is messed up on samsung galaxy tablet but works fine on samsung replenish!
Time killer
Great payouts and side  games
Good times !
Fun, good way 2 pass time
'
Great game
Good graphics ease of use.
Enjoy playing it !
Alot of fun to play. Very realistic, to bad you can't collect for real.
Works pretty well on the Galaxy S. However, the 20+ badges have never unlocked.. Please fix this issue. Then maybe 5 Stars.
Luv it, great past the time game
Its getting so muck better. I likr the variety, however, I dont get to play the mini game that much anymore. :(
Awesome! I like the different games inbetween
OK. Apparently
Love the slots....
A lot of fun and speedy response from support when I required assistance. Not sure why a pop up interupts the game asking you to rate after I have already even on a paid version...
Nice slot, but apple idiots make more score...
Great fun but I play it too much!! Last update now has the hideous sound when points are scored ..Would have given 5 stars...
Can't stop winning and playing it! I like the minigames too.
Good game but wish there was more than one machine and option to play mini games whenever you want
It does not freeze.
I'm not visible on the leader board
Original score board back
A good slot game. Nice and easy to just pick up and play a few spins and put down our play for a few minutes and earn some badges in feint.
Diddnt forward my credit
It has great winning. The mini game poker is fun. I wish it would allow to bet more
Luv this game
Love it
Great fun, but before you know it hours have gone by.
Having a good time
I'm enjoying myself playing..
Sweer
Scores cannot be uploaded.
Love lt Pass the slow time in my day.
fun
I go to Vegas while I ride the subway
Fun game, gets a bit boring over time, but great for killing time. I wish horse racing had more options, and please add more slot options/skins!
The Slot Machine spin better than the old one More to chose Games
Fun time killer
Great way to pass the time.
More video poker and games for more credits
Great and fun way to pass time
Kool game
Kool game
Too happy playing jackpot that I always forget to rate...will gv 5star if constantly provide new skins.
After having a problem, I contacted the dev team.  Explained that the software was flagged, and within a few days the problem was fixed.  During the time the dev team kept me in the loop with updates.  That says alot because most dev teams don't do that.  So I not only commend this team for its communication but for a quick fix.  I will now continue to support this app and company.
Love this game, but new update doesn't let me see my rank anymore. Without that incentive to score more, it loses some pizzazz for me.
Not enough nudge and not   independent as a real one
Fun game
It's a good way to satisfy my urge to gamble without using actual money. Plus, I actually win here.
Good game!
Fun way to pass the time.
Liking this slot game. U should add more mini games.
Helps me relax before bed!
Helps me relax before bed!
Lags but great otherwise.
Awesome game i play it while im at the Dr.
Love the new additions to the game. Just wish we could bet more than 15. Thanks for the fun I get playing as often as I can during the day. Amy...aka...armywfe70
The best slot game that I've played on my phone so far.
Fun too play
Like
Good enough to play
Love it
Sitting around waiting at the doctor or dentist office. Something to bypass the time.
Bonus game are not sized right and don't work after update!
Great game but it doesn't give me any achievements that I've hit 10+ times.
Good game
Millerman1959 This app is a good way to play a little slots with out it costing the paid version is the way to go!
Great! Lots of to play.
Love it
Very good.
Awesome game I just wished we could bet higher
Love this game but just installed on my new phone and lost all my credits! Bummer! :(
Bonuses got reduced from 5000 to 500, 3000 to 1000 and 2000 ti 1000 for different things. Having bought the paid version, this is outright cheating
One of the better slot games
Fun Like game but poker freezes to often
U can spend hours playing this!!
Feels like i'm in las vegas. Just like the real thing.
Very good game
Very good game
Fun to waste time!!!!!
They assume that you know how to play. Doesn't have directions on how to play.  How do you get the wheel to spin? Explain credits vs. money.
So what's with the net worth thing when I transfor credits to money half of it is net worth and I can't spend it
All my badges are gone
I love playing ....
the only thing that is not so much fun is that even though i have the purchased version (advertised as 'no ads') - it still contains ads that seem to cause a lag (delay) in game play. still waiting to hear back from apostek on why this is.
All in all great. If really got paid out it b the best. Lol
Memory consuming
Helps pass time
This is such a fun addicting game.
Fun to play, but increase poker games and add high stakes game for more fun.  Have giveaways such as free skins when certain milestones are met.
Since last update, won't count any amount of playing time toward the 3 in a row or Sunday bonus feature. But love the video poker extra!
Since last update, won't count any amount of playing time toward the 3 in a row or Sunday bonus feature. But love the video poker extra!
Nothing like getting Vegas flashbacks!!  Good app
This is a nice straightforward slot game.  Made an in-game purchase and was charged twice and credits disppeared.
Mindless entertainment when you don't want to think. Paid version preferred due to annoying adds and missing function
Hours of fun
I would give it a five but,runs a bit slow on my phone
would give it a five but dont think its got da staying power!
Good time waster !
Needs more than two  mini games.
Lorne Exciting game. Just like the real thing. Best slot on any phone.
Great game mini game horseracing not good.
Not to bad
Love to pass time with this game
Some lag.  Doesn't register all days played.
Tooo. Much. Fun
Excellent Great mindless time killer.  Wish Vegas slots paid off this well!
Good fun cumulative game....really enjoy playing when I get a few moments to myself.
Good game.
Is so addicted
Is so addicted
Great fun
I like it. Good. Grafix
This app is fine...it passes time.
Vegas Baby! Reminds me of Las Vegas
I love the Halloween screen for this game. I also love the new poker game and bonuses. I definitely recommend this game!
This game is pretty awsome
Mildly good waste of time.
Being able to switch players would be nice. My husband and i argue over who plays first.
Especialy when you're putting off other hings to do.
Really enjoy this game.
Very good game love the video poker mini game
Very fun!!!!!!
Addictive!!!
This game is fun and very addictive!
Great app
Addictive.
This is a great game to pass the time.
Would be good if you could make money off things you buy from the shop
Love it.
Ok
This game plays great on my Iconia Tab A100. Already wasted lots of time playing! Fun game!!!
"WREK1"   Fun Got nice features eg. Shop to spend ur winnings , makes it more fun than others also being able to compare who's top gambler!
Keeps me busy not bored.
Lot of fun
Lot of fun
I never earn jackpot for 3 diamonds in center line other then that great addictive fun game!
enjoyable slot game
Fun waste of time
It is the right game to pass the time
Great App. Works very well. Truly addictive. It's the real deal. Pity it isn't real cash! Absolutely worth downloading! Addictive fun.
Great game Love this game....play everyday
Good app but needs more games to chose from.
Better if there were mini games to play instead of winning a mini game.
Cool app
Fun but more different slots and mini games would be awesome
A lot of fun and passes the time fast. Makes me want to go to the casino but I wouldn't do as well.
Nice game.
No complaints.
No complaints.
Fun to play and pass the time. Slots should roll much faster than what they do, otherwise, I love it!
Wish there were more than 2 mini games but the poker is fun.
Its entertaining.
Awsome
Nudging barely ever works...wish I could increase the bet or got bigger jackpots...still entertaining.
EVERY UPDATE I LOOSE 80% OF MY NET WORTH.
Fun game, only complaint is no high stakes....betting more than $4 at a time would be nice.
Requires no thought. Love it. Haha
Yah... it's good.
Realistic .slots   loads of.fun
great an addictive games
Barb Good game
You should make the jacks or better its own game..I love it.
Cool app. Works good.
A lot of fun
Great and fun
Great at the doctors office
Needs poker game by itself. Would like a wild symbol with the slots.
Would be great if the mini poker game was available by itself
This is a really fun way to pass time!
I have emailed these people 10 times about problems I had with this game not working on evo 3d and I never heard from them!  Ever!!!  It does work now
I do think it should have more skins available. And different tunes. Also put in some different mini games. more like the jacks r better.
I have a lot of fun playing it
Really fun game, great time passer! Especially fun is the mini games! It would be nice to add more mini games!
ya
5 stars when the pay table is actually accurate for once..
Fun game to pass the time
Could use a few different games tho
Really addictive I LOVE THIS GAME ... just like the real slot machines
Gr8 SLOTS
It's ok
Games suck and so do the point system u win 30 k but only give u 5k
Like this slot game a lot.
Would be nice with more mini games.
Its pretty fun!Â¡
Great idea for adding the video poker! Love that mini game.
So fun I purchased the full version just wish it had more side games like the horse racing and spin plus more background themes. A 5000 star game.
Like very much! But like other review played every day for 5mins or moreand didn't get 3day bonus. Bet I don't get Sun bonus!
Less lag please? Fascinate.
More mini games pls
Great
Great game
Great time killer
I like it. Very good game. It would be nice with more mini games added to it.
Fun....new games were needed. Now it needs to be faster ..other than that it' a go to game when I have extra few minutes.
Very fun but a little too easy
Very fun but a little too easy
Wish there was spin wheel variety! But other than that this game is pretty fun to play!
Love the new poker addition. Great stuff
I play while waiting for the real slots.. passes time .
Downloading update causes super jackpot to reset to $0. Cost me 30 grand. Win super jackpot then update!
Big fun!
It does not always record play time accurately
Needs a few more extra video games
Fun game
This game is alot of fun
Love it
I wish I could win in Vegas like the machine pays mean
Great app!
Something to kill time with.
It's a fun slot but getting to play mini-games is VERY far and few between.
It's a fun slot but getting to play mini-games is VERY far and few between.
Until you let ppl with Maestro cards upgrade I only give it 4 stars. Other than this, very addictive and fun to compete with friends/partners
Game runs smooth and feels like I am in Atlantic City NJ! Great job. Pro version well worth the $1.99!
I love this game. Just wish there was more mini games. Droid2
Great. I really enjoy playing.
Haven't quit playing for three nights.
Great slot app. Just wish there were more bonus games.
Really great app & always getting better! Just what it is, a solt machine. Mini game is cool, bankrupt 1st time. Bummer. Get this app!
Love it. But now I can't post to friends on Facebook with paid version.
It's a good app.
You dont get the money you bet or win on the bonus game! Why not?
I would rate the game a 5 if I knew what they mean by "use nudge often"... fun game.
Lots of fun
A good wast of time
Love the mini game wish it came up more often
Very good, lots of features
Love the game! You can play it anytime, and it won't cost you a dime!
Gets boring quick. No skill required, and you win 4 out of 5 spins. Random nudge, not challenging...
Gets boring quick. No skill required, and you win 4 out of 5 spins. Random nudge, not challenging...
It's a lot of fun without losing your shirt. Good practice for the real thing to
fun game with a few different skins. if only I did as well on real slots.
It's very good and very realistic. Rather addictive too. If you want to play the mini games you have to buy this game.
It's very good and very realistic. Rather addictive too. If you want to play the mini games you have to buy this game.
Will not recover scores during upgrade. Free & paid version are exactly the same except in paid version you never hit mini games or free spins. Ripoff
I like the slots game a lot. The derby game is frustrating because it doesn't come up often enough! When are you going to come with a iton it's own?
Fun game, no issues on the Droid X. Worth the couple of bucks asking price.
Great game and I love playing it but it takes way too long to get free spins, super spins and mini games...
Slot plus is a bit slow for my g1 but is still fun and more addictive then the 1st version
Takes up a ton of time and it would get 5 stars but something is wronge with the scoring idk fix it and would be 5 stars awesome game
The game is addictive but wish my scores would update like they're supposed to nothing changes on the leaderboards even my daily scores dont show
does anyone know why my score does not show up on the leader Board? its stuck in 13m when i have 17m
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
App to SD does not work on Htc Evo! Please fix! I need the space!
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
Clean app, very well done. Non-weighted reels are somewhat unrealistic. Developer should contact me for. Reel weighting math.
Clean app, very well done. Non-weighted reels are somewhat unrealistic. Developer should contact me for. Reel weighting math.
Running on Samsung Galaxy S. Big delays. 4 seconds to receive pay out then another 3 seconds to spin again.
Keeps freezing up after so many minutes playing. Then I have to restart my droid x. Please fix.and it would be five rating
Keeps freezing up after so many minutes playing. Then I have to restart my droid x. Please fix.and it would be five rating
Keeps freezing up after so many minutes playing. Then I have to restart my droid x. Please fix.and it would be five rating
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Please add more bonus plays (mini games). STILL WAITING. GREAT APP BUT CAN GET BORING WITH ONLY ONE MINI GAME
Don't waste your money.You would have the same amount of fun if you set your cash on fire
The free app was awesome. The add banner wasn't bad and well placed. I purchased to support future development.Please keep compatable with android 2.1
First it frooze and closed every time bonus wheel was played. had to uninstall. But the developer solved the problEm. Now it works PERfect
Addicting, lots of fun! Wish it would keep the same settings from previous play, i.e. skin preference.
The best of "all" the Market slot games... BUT NEEDS TO BE MORE "VISUALLY" EXCITING W/ >{LIGHTED}< "WINNING" [PAYLINES] & x5s / x10s [PAYOUT] SLOTS
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
I wish I could reset credits if I were going to a real casino I wouldnt take $100,000 with me each day would like it to be more real
Please provide move to SDcard option, especially for paid version. One of my favorites.
I don't like the "tap to nudge". It takes away from the fun. I just downrated to 3 stars
Not updating server: Need to have 4 Reals. OVERALL Addictive. Great. Game for DroidX whitefish
So far I have paid for this and its no different than the free version! I see no where to use this nudge. There is no place to upload scores lies!
Nice app! Very entertaining! For people complaining about jackpot or free spins only paying in middle line, reading skills! clear on the paytable...
Good app. Will give 5 stars when there is a stop feature so that I can stop the spin to make it faster.
Nice GUI. 3, or even 5-way win possibilities are nice. This update has vastly improved play. (HTC Droid Incredible)
Excelent game . Very very adictive .............
Excellent update! Game is flawless :) Miss the old wheel already...twas less bias...lol
Love it love it
TY for fixing the spinner- beautiful new colors too. I was starting to like the wacky spinner..Hours of enjoyment. Great graphics. I only wish I could have transferred "winnings" from previous Droid phone.
Fun and addictive!
Great game
Best slots game, hands down.
Where is the mute?
Its fun to play when i have nothing else to do
Great!
Don't know what I'm doing yet, but I like what's happening.
Its a great game.... I love it.
love it
FINALLY WE HAVE A GOOD UPGRADE. NOW LEAVE THE GAME ALONE AND DEVELOPE SOME MORE GOOD.GAMES LIKE THIS.
I love this game!this is one of the best games I have ever had! 5 stars!! :)
Addictive, entertaining, and fun. Has a variety of skins to fit your personal preference, and rewarding well played options.
Great way to kill the time thanks for spinner fix
Great way to kill the time thanks for spinner fix
What's up on sundays STILL NO BONOUS'S??????? PLEASE FIX!!!!
Great app
I love playing.
Wow love it
Okay
Amazing and out of this world
A lot of fun!
Fun very fun i love this game
Works good. Win a lot
I really like this app and  all the games on it.                                  "Ms.Queen"
Love this game!!
Love this game!!
Kweenie Its fun
Great fun with slots and poker.  Can't complain about anything!
Support is great!
The best a must to have
This app is great and awsome but in video poker Idk if its my phone but there is a error that happens and it just has a few glitches .
Games are a God send,are u upset? Stressed? Sad,or MAD? PLAY U WILL FEEL BETTER IN A HURRY (I PROMISE) LOVE,TONYA. :)
Need more mini games is all.
Love playing  this game.
Hard to stop playing.
the best
Lots of fun.
Good
I make with the colors and it will go bling bling on DA roof mmama like it too
Its better than the  casino .
But would LOVE IT if you'd also create a stand alone Video Poker game based on the mini-game in Slots+! Please consider!!!
Great slots Very addictive!! Love it!!
After winning for real, had to play virtually...this is the best and closest to the real thing!
The best slot game for free
This is a good game
This is the closest game I have found to the real slots.The additional bonus games keeps it interesting.
Works great on my LG olimpus . Games are clean looking.
Great! Beat slot game I found.
Love it.
cool stuff
cool stuff
I love this app
Enjoy my slot game
Fun
Fun
Love this loads
Love it..
I love it
Fun game. To bad its not real money
It's Better Than Wasting Real Money! =)
Good game :)
Good game :)
Wish you could play for real money!
Love it
This is a great game to play. Helps pass the time between medical appts. T
Awesome time killer
One fun game that makes time slip by. I play it every day while taking the bus into town
One fun game that makes time slip by. I play it every day while taking the bus into town
Fun to play the first time and then we have been in the mood for more fun come back
It works great on the go!
Tremendous fun - lots of bonus games.
Good mini games.
Very fun to play. The mini games and jackpots pay out good
Awesome game. I love the new games added to it poker game & horseraceing and scratch off game to .Hope to see more games added to this game. The nudge & holding systems for slot machine rarely pay out anything in Big $$ .it needs more improvement on that game. Also it needs hire bidding on.slot machine. I .other then that I love this slot machine game ..good work keep it up on improvement's   :)
An enjoyable to pass the time and to relax.
Addictive
I love to play and can not stop!!! Thanks for all the suppport.
Just downloaded it and you cant put it  down
Love this game.  Lots of variations and bonus games. Best so far.  Very entertaining.
Nicely done
Awesome and very addictive game
With so many slots games being a rip off these days, it's refreshing to play slots that actually lets you win. I tried out the free version for about a week and earned quite a bit before making the switch to Pro. The switch was seamless with all my prior winnings easily transferring from the free to pro account. Some r saying no difference b/w free and pro. U need to install pro then delete the free app and shortcut & replace with the pro (there will be a + sign). Open the app & say u want to restore.
Play it every free moment
good time killer
Pretty cool
Great
Little bit of everything. Casino at home and you don't need to spend money
Good slots
Fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good game
Great game. Except i have over $1,070,000 and can only bet 15 at a time. Can you increase the max bet to be relative the balance?
Very fun to play like the mini games . This is a good app when you have a little time to burn
Very fun to play like the mini games . This is a good app when you have a little time to burn
Love playing this slot game.
Nice game to pass the time
luv this game!
Awsome
Excellent. Very enjoyable.  Highly recommended
Very addicting haha and you win :)
AWESOME I LOVE THIS GAME
Great
Great
Loads of fun. Only found one small issue: the Super spinner spins off axis and moves the spinner wheel wildly around the screen on my Xoom instead of rotating in one place. Easy to win credits and varied play modes and games. Highly recommend
I wish I could win like this for real
The more u play the more fun it is when u figure out how really great it is!
I rated the five I play excellent
I rated the five I play excellent
This app is so much better and even more fun thanks guys
Awesome game since upgrade I can't get enough of it
This slot app is different in that you aren't constantly told you have to "buy " more coins. You have plenty. Great on Galaxy S!
I love playing this game!!!!!!
Tried several other slot games and I think this one is best! Good win ratio with lots of extras! Try it!   FOR THOSE HAVING ISSUES WITH THE NEW SUPER SPIN WHEEL, HAVE FAITH! THEY KNOW ABOUT IT AND ARE WORKING ON A FIX FOR US.  A couple of issues have popped up in the last update but they are working on a solution. Within 24 hours of emailing support, I had a reply. One issue is already a known, and they are working on it: the new Super Spin wheel. Which although works and gives you your winnings, doesn't display correctly. At least not on my ICS Razr Maxx and judging by other comments here, I'm not alone here. Support Dept. is very responsive.   I have been playing this game now almost daily and it's still the best the Slot game in the house! In short, I'm quite pleased with this game and have no regrets on buying it.
Awesome game  Very fun
Some win...some lose...cheaters just suck
Fun to play, great way to consume time.
Fantastic slot game just for fun!
Fun!fun!fun.
Good
Good
Great games what with the mini games and all.  I just love it.  Not to mention,  it takes too long to drive to Reno.
Love this game!  Makes me want to stay out of Vegas!
Time killer.  Be better if u could do more with winnings. Besides buy random stuff. Like new thenes or something fun
Best slot app yet.
game is fun and minigames are an additional bonus. like vegas except you can win here!
Fun fun fun! Give more coins.
Great update
Great pastime
They've finally sorted it out for the galaxy note.... Fantastic i love this game again
Sweet
Now that they have added more bonus games and backgrounds, it's even funner than before. It is a lot of fun. I defiantly recommended this game.
I've had this game for almost a year and it still works AND it never fails to entertain! Lets me bring a little bit of vegas back home.
I've played this exact game for over a year and loved it, but too many ads for a paid app. Less ads would be 5 stars
I really enjoy playing this game.  It is really great for those times when you just want something you do have to think hard about.
Great gamer
Love this app!!!
Great game!!!!!
Great game!!!!!
I installed this app on my phone about 90 minutes ago & tried it out. I really enjoy the game.
Gettin a little better.
Most fun I've had playing slots. Love the various skins.
Alot of fun everyone should play once
Fun yo play.
Play
Grate game
Sucks since last update.......wont play
Fun lil time killer. Nice look.
LOL your machines!!!!!
Love it!
Awesome
Fun fun fun. Lots of sub and bonus games.
Anyone having a problem after upgrading to ICS uninstall then re install fixed my problem with freezing etc.
Works Great an I love it!
Tons of fun with your app!  The only missing thing is the show (and the booze)
I can't put this game down! It's a great way to pass time but watch out.... It's highly addictive! EVO 4G
One of the best games I love to play!!!
So addicting. I love it.
Love it! Love it! Love it!
Had to reset my phone. Reinstalled game and lost over 24 million credits.
Had to reset my phone. Reinstalled game and lost over 24 million credits.
Great way to pass the time.
Great way to pass the time.
Love it
Those of you still having issues on the galaxy note. Android 4.0 (ICS) is now available for att subscribers through samsung kies. Once u upgrade uninstall and reinstall Slot Machine +. Doing these things should solve all probs. Great update Apostek!!! Keep them coming.
I love this game
Love the mini poker
Love the mini poker
Yeah
Love this game!!!
Great game to pass time. Well worth the price for the countless hours of entertainment that you get.
Love it
I have had this app for over a year and it's a great way to waste 5 or 10 minutes
I love passing the time away.with this game. If i were only this lucky at the casinos!!
Awesome.....
Awesome.....
Really good slots Ray
Awesome fun
Certainly good purchase. Worth every penny.
Very addicting
Love it!
.
Truly a great game I luv it! Awesome, Awesome, Can't stop playing. Best game ever. Best thing is not one single problem ever. Some times I play so much my game slows down. But I could care less, because I love it just that much.
Galaxy 10.1 - works fine, best slots app I've found IMHO:-)
A great way to past time
I love this game its a blast a must play
Good game for killing time. Addictive
Is a nice easy devershion and unlike most games you dont run out of funds having to pay to continue but at the same time you can wich makes itworth the time and the cost of the app
Addictive
Love this game.......
I had loved this game but lately when playing mini games it freezes and even though I won it has been debting as if you lost
A bit  of fun and a few extras
Hehehe
Extremely addictive cannot stop playing must have run my mobile battery down so many times playing this game...another mini game would be awesome instead of two mabye a texas hold'em poker mini game where you can play other people around the world would be great.
Extremely addictive cannot stop playing must have run my mobile battery down so many times playing this game...another mini game would be awesome instead of two mabye a texas hold'em poker mini game where you can play other people around the world would be great.
Very realistic! A 3d look, along with loads of bells and whistles!! Also put a beautiful theme you can change to, geared towards July 4th. Really addictive!
Great game!!!!  Fun mini poker
I can't stop playing this game. One made $50k need to take a break
I can't stop playing this game. One made $50k need to take a break
Love playing this game!
Great game, love it.
I love
One of my favorite Slot games. Cannot wait for more machines and what you all have in store;-)
Enjoy this and sub poker game.
Naw I love it
A few glitches but great game overall
A few glitches but great game overall
Good
My favorite part is the mini game poker.
Cool game
Has been improved greatly since I have been playing. Do not fill out surveys. Never get coins but you recieve 100's of calls and emails
I love this game.
Lots of fun...love the minigames
Lots of fun...love the minigames
IT'S GREAT TO PLAY
Great app, love it! But the spinner has "Lose A Turn" every time!!! ARGHHH!
Good way to kill five minutes. Win lots.
Great game.
Great game
This way I don't lose money
I love this game. Slot machine pro. Is awesome i would definitely recommend this game.
Broke my arm 5 places and had surgery 3 days ago and this game makes the time go by faster...
Good game
Its the best game love it
I never get bored with it. Love all of the bonus features
Love the mini games and the interaction it provides.
Great game
The BOMB!
This is the only relaxing and fun Slot Machine game I have found.
One of the best games and apps around. I just love it.
Great game
Hours of fun
Addictive
Great
Slotmachine Awsome
Love it...a bit too unrealistic with how often I win tho
Great app to play when ur on the john lol
Great game.
Love this game it is addicting for sure
I love the mini games and badges
My name isWendy  and am having a good time playing this game
5 star
Love it!
Great slots
Like Love I love this game
Great
Great game!!
Good game except when you play the bonus scratch game because it always gets stuck.
The bomb!!!
This is an awesome game i would recommend you try it out.
Awesome game
Fun
I love this game very addicting! Especially when you want to become number one. Great time passer. Super Sunday bonus doesn't always work
Buy the full version!! Great fun!!
Great game when you are passing time flies by
Great game when you are passing time flies by
Luv it
Great
Too bad it's not real. But it's fun anyway.
Addictive!
Multiple optional games available
I like to play when its late at night.
Fun game
This game is great.. I play on it for hours.  Very addicting. Tricia
Winnings keep coming
This app is the very best slot machine game I have ever played
love it. keeps me occupied for hours and very rewarding to play.
love it. keeps me occupied for hours and very rewarding to play.
Love it!
Luv this game
Addicted!  The new update has some bugs but I'm very confident they'll be fixed.  LOVE IT!
Luv this game   Cal
Love It!!
Love It!!
My favorit casino game
By far the best slots game! You never know what ur gonna play, not dull @ all. Great way to pass the time.
Super fun to play.
Excellent Game. Fun To Play.
But still crashes after purchase WTF!
This game is awesome.
Used to play this game all the time have come back as it is better than ever. Recommend to all.
Fun
One very excellent game. As close to the real thing as you can get!
Love love love this game
Pretty good...I like the new mini games.
60 million + and still addicted,what a great game
This game beats the slot machines in the casinos all to blazes.  At least I win money with this game,even though it's only virtual money. If only I could win this kind of money from a real casino. Wishful thinking!
Good game.time passer.
Good, simple casino game with many games and good presentation, best casino game on the market.
Bitchin game
Never have any problems with. Not difficult or anything spectacular but for some reason I can't bring myself to delete it!
This is a great game.  Very fun provides hours of entertainment.
Have played this game for a solid year hardly missed one day, can never get help with scores recovery,was ranked 23 in my region on the Rich List last night with vs this can be very addictive, the only thing I want to know is where I can ask a question without Facebook or Heyzap?
After paying for app there was no advantage. stay with the free version. Either way you will get board.
I'm not a huge alt machine lover, but this slot app rocks.  Many bonus games and cool extras. Well worth the purchase
I'm not a huge alt machine lover, but this slot app rocks.  Many bonus games and cool extras. Well worth the purchase
Great
Nice way to pass time.
Greaame love graphics no pop up ads bugging you to buy Coins iha
d fun
great way to pass time
I'm an addict. If I don't get my daily fix. I sulk like a baby.
Love this app. No probs yet on my Evo. Most ppl with less than 5 stars have crappy phone! Lol.
The best..thanks..
The best..thanks..
Like this game because you can play as little or as long as you like without the game getting boring. Graphics and gameplay are outstanding.
Fun
Make u wish it was real money to win..every other spin  is a win
Excellent
Excellent
Addictive!!!!
Passes time
Love it
Very dun game
This game rocks, can play for hours.
Excellent way to kill time
Its also just a good time killer
I always have money to play. It's lots of fun.
Love this game, totally addicting!!!!!!!!!
It's a lot better than when I first down loaded just wish you can get credit for having getting 3 of a kind 2 in a row
Fun to play, good way to pass short amount of time.
Like it
I like it ,my boyfriend does to.
EXCELLENT APP! I love this game and its one of my favorites!
A lot better than dragonplay, the only drawback is that the paid upgraded version doesn't seem to win so much as the regular version.
More money pls
Hours of fun!
Thank you for fixing the update to work with my phone, love it
The upgrades are great. I was getting tired of this before. Now I can't put it down.
Always find myself opening and playing some slots. Great game guys!
Love the game and the new updates, however, the only thing I wish is that you could use all the nudges/holds throughout the day. I play in the morning for a bit and I don't use all my nudges/holds then again on my lunch and it states that they are all gone. But I still love the game....its my favorite!!!
Great game to past the time
This game is great and very addictive.  Developers continue to make great improvements. I only wish there was a way to win free coins in the game that you could spend on the 2x multipliers.  Or maybe a way to win the 2x multiplier for and hour or something like that
Best slots out there, keep it coming...every change is a good one!
very addictive -love it
Good game, liked the free one so I bought this one. Only complaint I have is that the game lags TOO often when spinning. Other than that I give this game 5 stars....
Luv it....
Assume. I can't put down my phone!!!!!!!
this is a really fun app and a great time killer!
Great on my samsung tablet. Love the mini games
Loads of fun. Easy to play.
Loads of fun. Easy to play.
Hadn't played in a while, came back and it's even better. Now that it works properly on my screen, 5 stars as promised
Hadn't played in a while, came back and it's even better. Now that it works properly on my screen, 5 stars as promised
Best
Lots of fun! No problems no my Samsung galaxy S.
I don't get the need to day is I don't want the in app to pop up I know where its at in the menu I paid for this so it does not need for the pop up I can find so stop with the pop UP!!!!!"
Awsome!!!!
Fun fun
Hrs. Of fun
Very good game
Apostek's games are great but having need of the support team proved they truly care about their players!  I had to "annoy" them for two weeks and they answered with a smile!  Thanks, Apostek
Love it
very entertaining and fun
Wow! Really enjoy plaaying kills boredom long trips
Addicting
My favorite game!!!
Need to fix asap.  Forces close ever time I try to open it.  PITA
Need to fix asap.  Forces close ever time I try to open it.  PITA
Addicting!!!!
BUY IT.  I used the free version and git addicted.  Just pay for it its a great fun time waster!!!!
Love this game,  so addicting
Great fun love it.
Love the game, the mini games within the game are very cute!
Love the game, the mini games within the game are very cute!
This game is the best worth every dime thankx
The minepoker  ap locksup causes loss of point
This game is the best never stop playing it
This game is the best never stop playing it
Awesome Awesome Awesome Cool Awesome Coolio
Good
Game is getting better and better! Awesome!
The mini games are fun and enjoyable.
Grate pass time
Great ap
Its a cool game and great time killer!
Thanks to this game, it now takes me a full hour to take a dump in the morning. Thanks a LOT!
Have a nice day
Love  this game .
I love the slots and mini games.  Thanks.
One of the best games ever.
Very addictive
Great game to pick up and put down.
Fun was to pass the time! Especially since the 6 min poker was added!
Fun
Lots of fun.
Shop never works for me. Htc sensation 4g. But it's not enough to take any stars away
Shop never works for me. Htc sensation 4g. But it's not enough to take any stars away
Love it
The most entertaining slots ever! I luv the  all mini games and cool bonuses. It is an entertaining way to spend the odd moment.
The best way to pass time until your flight departs love it the best
The best way to pass time until your flight departs love it the best
Simply the best slot.    machine I've played yet â€¢
Great time killer!! Lots-o-fun!!!
Play it way to much...
OK
I like this slots game alot.  Recommend to everyone.
Good game
Good game
Great game
Very fun way to pass time, and I love the mini games and ability to "buy" things like property, artwork, trips, etc.
Love this game!!
Love it
Game play much more enriched. Nudge is back! Great game. Lots of fun.
Game play much more enriched. Nudge is back! Great game. Lots of fun.
Fun addicting game.  Have to play this game sometime throughout each day.  I wish once you buy something it would show difference in your winnings, that amount never changes.
Love it.
Oh yeah!
Great game
Gr8 time passer...
Fantastic game
Lots of fun You'll play for hours!!! VERY Addictive Game!!! Play every day too earn extra money
I play this app more than all the game apps I have.  It's definitely worth the download.
I play this app more than all the game apps I have.  It's definitely worth the download.
I'd give it ten stars if I could
Scores dont show up on leader board like they say even if you are on top 100
Love this game!
Taken to long. No coins on any payouts.
Very additive fallen in love with this game. If only the money was real.
Great game to pass the time
Its the best slots I've found yet.
Good game.
This is one awesome package! Great graphics, multiple skins, games in games, bonus rounds, multi line play and things you can buy with your winnings.  Very well done and easy to kill hours at a time.
This is one of the best games to kill time. I like the mini games as well as the challenges to earn more cash/credits. Keep up the good work.
Great app! Love it!
Very fun time killer.
A lot of fun
Great game. Cant put it down. I'm so  f@#*d up with pending work!
Great game. Cant put it down. I'm so  f@#*d up with pending work!
Mindtastic
So much fun but they need to raise the amount you can bet.
Very addicting but fun!!!
Great game
How do you "nudge?" No explanation on that, so I can only give 4 stars.
Awesome game.
Awesome game.
Slots Machines on my cell...can't get better than this.
Love this app
Luv dis game. :( cant retreive  my last scores tho
Great game
I love this game its awsome! One if the best poker games out there
Love it. No problems. Droid razr
I just want every one to know this is a great game
I just want every one to know this is a great game
I just want every one to know this is a great game
Friggin awesome!!! If only the credits I've got/won was real money... Only downside 2 this app lol
Lots of fun. Gonna get an island.
Great game !!
Great game very addictive but fun it gives me something to do on the long bus trips to work
Great game very addictive but fun it gives me something to do on the long bus trips to work
Just wish I could.bet more
Totally just in time..   love the new stuff.
Adicting
Sweet game!!
its not uploading scores at all....saying they can't be uploaded
Super fun for a free app, excellent
So addicting
Lots of fun
Good time burner
Love it
Love it
Upgraded my rating to 5* now. With all the new enhancements the possibilities are much much more. Wish they would have more slot games though.
This app rules!!!!!
Love the new upgrades!  So much fun! It be nice to be able to spin and win coins though.
Very cool game!
Love this game!
Awesome Awesome game! Kills a lot of time fast
Great
Great game
Wish they left nudge alone now need coins. frustrating!
I love this game but my score and user name are in the wrong places on the leader boards please fix this it all the 5 stars will go. When I buy s game I expect it to work properly :@
I love this game but my score and user name are in the wrong places on the leader boards please fix this it all the 5 stars will go. When I buy s game I expect it to work properly :@
Nice
Fun Game!!
Foxy Roxy_1013
Great for passing time
Cool way 2 pass time.
Great fun for all. Especially the bonus poker. Thanks!
Fun game.
Fun game.
It's a game 2 kill time and sharpen ur skills 4 the real deal.
Awsome
Good game
The new improved game, I am liking it, mimigames etc, and new features are good to. Support-team is supportive.
Great fun....
Really a fun game
Easy and fun. Poker nice addition.
Just wish there were more skins
I love this app and cant wait untill it becomes avialable for my tablet!
i win just enough to keep me coming back for more! love it.
gr8
I love that this had little mini games. Fun stuff
Great way to pass the time if you are bored.
Nice to pass the time worth the upgrade
Awesome game. I love all the mini games
Addictive
Great game when it dont cost much. Lets have more like it. with more add ons.  Steve
EXCELLENT GAME! LOTS OF FUN! YOU EVEN WIN!
Oxox
Please fix the super sunday payout, i love this game!!! Havent got paid for the past 3 sundays
Fun, great time killer. Overall, very realistic slot, pays often!!
Nice game
Love the update!
It is lots of fun
A top Game,very addictive.Lots of fun to play
Keep up the good work... Love it...
Awesome so addictive :-)
Great pass time
Kills time while on the toilet.  Very reliable and stable app
Simply awesome FUN!! G2 S ANDROID SAMSUNG....
I like it
Great fun and always getting better with more mini games.
Like this a lot.
Love the new updates!!! More addicted now then ever!
Lots of fun options.
Great minds at work        Congrats
Great game. Love the mini games like poker and the scratch off that POP up when  you hit the jackpots
Great game
I love it!!
Weeeee
None of the badges open
Best game ever!
Great game to pass time.
Great App!!!!
Great game
Great app, lots of fun, well worth the purchase!  Excellent and varied upgrades.
This updated version is better!
love it!!!!! The fun is always going on!!! Greatest game!! Great pay outs, love jacks or better!!!!!
Nice!!!
Awesome n fun. Know I want to win cash. Great payouts.
Cool game
Excellent game.
Good again
Love the new upgrade.
The NEWEST UPGRADE is outstanding!!! Keep them coming!
After playing slots in Vegas for over 11 years I found this to be a really fun game.  The mini poker games are a nice touch. Don't like the 3 minute timer and only a Max bet of 50.
Love this game!!!!
Love it. Addictive.
My favorite
Can't stop playing this game
This game is great for passing the time.
I like that the mini games can now be played separate from winning them or daily bonuses. Adding the nudge/hold feature is great. But if I play for 30+ minutes to get them... I should be able to keep them until the next reset, not lose them when I exit the game.
I like that the mini games can now be played separate from winning them or daily bonuses. Adding the nudge/hold feature is great. But if I play for 30+ minutes to get them... I should be able to keep them until the next reset, not lose them when I exit the game.
DEV, that's what I'm talkin 'bout! Awesome, awesome, awesome! This is the best update of any app on my Droid! If i could give more stars I would! Again, thank you!
Love the new features.... It would be cool if we could Use our winnings to play if we dont have coins
I paid for this app to avoid ads or notifications on my phone when app is not running. Stay off my notification bar.
Game was good to start with & now with updates is even better. Enjoy
Luv this game
Great fun! Addictive time waster! Well done!
Great game!!
With the new update it is amazingly perfect.
What a gr8 game can not stop playing
Very addictive
Very addictive
I like that they keep adding things
Fun
In Vegas. Works much better on Toshiba Thrive but Super Spinner requires force close. Also Mini Poker game has problem with filling only 90% of screen vertically. Bottom 10% flashes annoyingly.
Love. The game
Fun
Fun.
I like it.
It kills time
It kills time
This is the most addictive game on the market. A #1...
Awesome mini game payouts and stable game play ... Highly recommended!
great update!! had the game for three years, three diff phones, keeps getting better!!m must have awesome, five stars!!!!
I love this game so much but I wonder are the prizes real
Wow
This game it great,fun,&I love it.
Great game to while away a bit of time - mini games great
Works perfect for galaxy note, after update.
Great
Great game I just love it so much fun
THIS APP IS AWESOME
Awsome :-)  Where's da nudge?
Love this!
The best video slots ever. I just love it. Rose
Best ever in history game in world . This game rocks.
Awesome
Great fun!
Amazing!!!!!!
So much fun except need bigger max bet different bonus games
Yuuuup
Love the Game. Already up over $80,000! Never stop hitting bonuses. Awesome!
Love the Game. Already up over $80,000! Never stop hitting bonuses. Awesome!
Never boring.  Always something new.  Lots of fun!
It finally updated for tablets :O
Best game there is tried all the others, could you put charlie 9312 back on the region ranking tables please, love this game, many thanks
Wonderful and very addictive
Ok
Ok
Sweet game
Thank you for the Galaxy Note fix! Runs great!
Awesome
great
Lots of fun just like being in Vegas!
Best customer support.  Transfers to new phones take less than 24hrs.  Awesome!
Very addicting! Best slot machine app I've downloaded! Love the mini games too!
Very addicting! Best slot machine app I've downloaded! Love the mini games too!
Love it
Mamak1 iTs the bomb
Fun and very addicting
Such a fun game!!!!!!
I wish this was real could really use they help
After trying a few different slot apps, I've found this one to be the best one out there!
Luv it must have
Nice
Great game. Why doesn't it pay the 10,000 one Sunday when you play 7days in a row
Needs option to extend poker mini game time period.
Fun and addicting
The thrill of gambling without selling your plasma for bus money after losing you butt at the casino. I LOVE IT!
Awesome
This is an excellent game
Extremely addictive!
It's exciting and great cheap entertainment.
It's exciting and great cheap entertainment.
It's exciting and great cheap entertainment.
Its brill
Very addicting and super fun
Very entertaining.
It's a cool slot game. Better than some.
It's a cool slot game. Better than some.
VERY GOOD.
One of the best games for an app.
Love it
I cant stop playing
Love the game
One of the better fruit machines , its the mini games I love hehe
I wish this was real!!!
I love this game
What fun!
Totally love this game. Very fun. Could use a, new mini game but not a big deal. Won't stop me from playing!
Totally love this game. Very fun. Could use a, new mini game but not a big deal. Won't stop me from playing!
It's fun
Game moves soooo much faster then before great improvement I love this game NOW!!!!!!!!
Best slots yet!!! Love the mini games!!
Very addicting. Me and my girlfriend are always on and "competing" with each other. Also it has a video poker mini game that's better then those I've played from the market. Would be cool to have another mini game. 5 stars all day!
Very addicting. Me and my girlfriend are always on and "competing" with each other. Also it has a video poker mini game that's better then those I've played from the market. Would be cool to have another mini game. 5 stars all day!
Great game, enjoy the minigames
I love it best one Iv played
Would recommend to everyone.
Thanks for fixing for my tab. Leigh you should write to product support and they'll work with you
Love it
Slot machine + is excellent, I've tried several, this is the best so far.
Love it!!sooo addictive!!
Impressed enough that I bought the full version.
Thanks for making this supported on tablets! You guys are awesome!
Droid Bionic Best slot game out there!
Massive fun
Massive fun
Great time killer!!
Best app ever,and very addicting
the best wasted time
Great way to entertain yourself..
A nice game.  It's addictive.
Its a good game, but dont understand the coin part of it or the multipliers. And i cant figure out how to get 5 million credits in 20 minutes. Think all the ins & outs arent available to all the paying players. Think ill quit buying the extras i know about. And put a dent in the bottom line. That stinks.
For being "only" a slot machine,  it is a lot of fun and QUITE addictive. The only issue I have is after the paid app bugs for free credits.
Love it
Great game and hours of fun
Love this game! Totally addictive!!!
Love this game! Totally addictive!!!
Love it!!!
I'm having so much fun!!!!!
Love it but at times hate it but still can't stop playing Just updated my phone got old score ans credits back easy love it again
Good times !
It's fun
Now I know why slot machines are so popular.  This app is worth the money and will keep you occupied.
Keeps me mindlessly entertained for hours trying to get more money and points. Love the bonus poker.
Great way to pass the time.
Great way to pass the time.
Good time waster
Love It
Best slot game ever!  Good payouts and Love the mini games too! Was definitely worth buying.
+++
the  best wasted time
a great way to feel good when you don't feel like doing anything much!!! :-D
Great fun
Great game, could be better if it paid real money...ha ha ha have fun...dont get addicted though.
Love it
Great game lots of fun.
This game is great, I just don't understand why you people are complaining about it.......
Able to change sound and skins cool bonuses are fun to play DX
A must play,a great Fun in many way.  Just hope the casino was this easy.
A must play,a great Fun in many way.  Just hope the casino was this easy.
I really like this game
Awesome
Lived in Vegas for 12 yrs. This slot game is lots of fun.
This is a awesome slot game.
Fun game...play daily
Love this game I wood love to play for relly $
LOVE IT THANKS!!!!
Cant stop playing
Works great for short breaks.
Fun game
like it lots
Excellent time killer. The wheel is the best
Excellent time killer. The wheel is the best
Excellent time killer. The wheel is the best
Excellent time killer. The wheel is the best
Great love it keeps me away from real ones
Nice
good app
Fun
What an great slot machine  app! The awesome graphics and realistic game play along with the in-play bonus games make it one of the best game apps in the market.
Mind numbingly fun!
Alot of fun to play. Very realistic, to bad you can't collect for real.
I reallly love this game!!!!!
The ONLY app worth paying for.
great game
Sweet
so much like the.real thing!
This game is taking up too much of my time but I just can't put it down
Awesome game      Awesome game
Luv it, great past the time game
I like it. I win a lot
Best slots ever
I use this on my Droid incredible when ever I am sitting around waiting on a doctor or some other appointment. I really do enjoy it, just wish it would work right n my tablet, Toshiba at100
Love it
Too bad real slots aren't this generous!
I would like it if we could bet a lot more than just 15 but overall it is a fun game
Lots of fun!!!
Lots of fun!!!
Very great game
Gotta love free slots
Worth upgrade to plus.. play slots for great wins.
Great pass time
Lots of fun and I really enjoy it. I wished I could win real money, lol
Lots.  fun
This is a great app! I bought the upgrade, so much fun!!! Can't put it down and cheaper than Vegas.
I dont know why i have waited this long to rate this app but i am already in the 100 million and on the region and world total scores I LOVE THIS APP!!!!
I plau all day
Fun game
Nice slot, but apple idiots make more score...
Very entertaining!
Great
Very fun game.
Very fun game.
Very fun game.
Great game!!
Great game!!
Great!
Fun and keeps you playing. It is hard to empty your bank.
Works great, very fun & very addictive, well worth it
I wish my scores showed.up.on the leaderboard.  I am missing from.the list since the last update.
The BEST Slot machine, always wining!
Good way to pass time and have fun...
Luv it play everyday I give it a 9.8
Badass game
After I deleted this game, then downloaded it again, everything is working great!!!! I've unlocked a whole bunch of stuff. I also got a badge tosome
I'm not visible on the leader board
Original score board back
Cool
The best! exellent entertainment. Wish leaderboard would stop saying can't show rank until have 1m and I have 12m. Please fix
Great way to kill time!
Just what I like to pass the time waiting in line.  Its the perfect game for my htc evo.
Diddnt forward my credit
Great fun
Love it.  Just cant stop playing. Hope you dev's come out with more skins/sounds for it though!
Brill
Awesome
Addictive game
Love it
Love it
I love it. Great game good way to waste time
I spend a lot of time playin this game. Well, the free version. I just upgraded to pro version. Can't wait to see what changes there are
Greatt app
Very solid game
What a wonderful pastime!
Having a good time
Great time waster! Love it!
Great so many bonus games
Love the game please keep up the good work and thank you for the time your team put in
Killer app
Addicting!
So fun. Love to play.
Great app
I'm hooked never can go to Vegas would go broke there!!!!! LOVE IT!"!"
I'm hooked never can go to Vegas would go broke there!!!!! LOVE IT!"!"
Best slots game to pass the time. Come on super bonus!
Best slots game to pass the time. Come on super bonus!
I don't play the slots when I go to casinos, but I would if they were like this game!
Awsome
Best game ever... So far lol
I wish my odds were this good in Vegas. I have over 14m points but the game won't rank me. Frustrating!
You can now buy your way towards achievements insyead of earning them.
Hi w/u
Great day love it
This is great app.  The sidegames ate fun!
Awesome and addicting
Awesome game
Absolutly addictive. ...
Great app
Very goog game
The daily bonus says I won 2000....I bet 2000 and got x2 said 4000 should have been credited...only get 1000??? That's jacked up! Great app though =)
Love to play this while im waiting. Super fun. Not addicting, but fun enough to keep me interested.
:-P
Good game beening playing for 2wks i am 10th
Olove it
I was having foreclose issues I texted the maker of the game and they replied in minutes within two hours it was fixed just like they said it would
I love this game.
I love this game.
Very good
Play a lot
Great gaming experience, truly is a gem !
I spend way too much time playing. Very good game
I love this app
Love this game !
Lots of fun playing with this.  Cool mini games in this slot app. Loads of neat plays too!
Now give me my winnings
Great game. Play it all the time
I like it. It's a good time kill.
I like it. It's a good time kill.
...and great time killer!
...and great time killer!
Good  game
wish this could print money to come out of side of phone.
Fun game might as well try it forget about top rank will soon be mine and I'll keep it
I luv this game...
I luv this game...
I love playing the game,it almost makes you feel like your at the casino but with out the smoking.
Love it!!
It is a good game to pass the time. And see how lucky u can be
Cool
Im a card player. All the pocket poker games and computer casino games I played over the years (favorite is hoyle) I dont recall many, if any true royle flush hands from these types of games. This game I have had five. Always looked for more realistic game. Looser odds is in our favor against the house with this version. Realizing the odds, I would had uninstalled it already; however, you dont see versions with this many mini games. I am addicted already. compliments to the developer. Any more in the works?
Im a card player. All the pocket poker games and computer casino games I played over the years (favorite is hoyle) I dont recall many, if any true royle flush hands from these types of games. This game I have had five. Always looked for more realistic game. Looser odds is in our favor against the house with this version. Realizing the odds, I would had uninstalled it already; however, you dont see versions with this many mini games. I am addicted already. compliments to the developer. Any more in the works?
Hard to stop once you start.  I had more fun on the bonus rounds then the  slots . But all in all fun.
I do love this game but i upgraded my phone and it ask me if i wanted to restore everything i clicked yes, it did not restore the money or anything
Enjoy you are like inthe casino
Not enough nudge and not   independent as a real one
I love diz game it rock....!!!
Great game! I wish the credits were real ;-) no more retirement worries! Marack (60ish).
Great game!
Great game!
Great game. EY njoy passing time playing this game. Especially look forward to the 5 minute poker game. Is updated often with new features and themes. Keep up the good work. Bill
Buy this app!    When can we get the stand alone version of the poker game?  Buy this app!  Its grrrrrrreat!
I am glad you removed the  banner at the top, but the little button above the spin was fine
Great way to pass time.
Since new update it keeps saying im always off line. Dislike
Too addictive! !
Jenney thinks this is  great game
Great game. Good as Vegas
Awesome addicting game
So I found new uses for this game besides enjoyment...helps u fake listening to ur in-laws...act like ur laying attention to ur wife while she's talking...pretend writing an email ay work the list goes on and on
Great game keeps me busy for hours
It is slow and the screen jerks when I nudge I do not like the seconds ticking away at top of screen Not much better than free version.
Just updated game, and holy cow does it ever fly!  So much faster than before,  and so much more fun!  Thanks Team!
I LOVE THE MINI GAMES!
Great way to pass the time. Add ons are a lot of fun.
Next best thing to going to the casino! Great time killer... worth the $2!
but that's really suck expescially after you pay for it
Fun like to win lots
Almost like playing in a casino! Great fun!
please fix the resolution to support my phone :(
Fun Fun
Fun Fun
Good game to kill time
Love it...
Can someone explain to the cashout & the bar on top showing a jackpot amount with the time? Other than that I love this game
Loose slots! Awesome game helps pass the time!
Its a lot of fun!!
Great app/game
Great
Wonderful game
Its no to bad
I can't stop playing this game...great way to pass time. Only app I have ever bought
Awesome game i play it while im at the Dr.
<3
Very good!
Works great for DROID X. Fun to play and very addictive.  5 stars
Works great for DROID X. Fun to play and very addictive.  5 stars
Almost addictive.
I love the new mini games.
Love this game
Very fun and so addictive
Great game
Great game
Great game
Great to pass some time
I like this game and all the mini games are cool to, keep adding more. This is fun.
Like
Simply put it is awesome fun
Takes wins back on daily bonuses so its no good. I don't like this app. AT ALL
Brill i love it
Great game  cool features
Slots + would get better rating if didnt keep getting not responding force close/wait/report.	If it didn't keep on force closing on me would get  better rating. They should come up with better mini games. Get rid of the horse race cant win alot
Lots of fun!
Great game
Best One For Android
Best 6 stars game. .Best of the  best!
Haha I like poopoo
Gd game
Good stuff to get stuck on
very decent slots game adds alot of extra games and the payouts high which is what you would expect from a free game. best slots game on the market
Great when your bored
Awesome time killer. I do kinda wish the super jackpot either filled faster or happens less often. Every time I play for more than ten minutes I get super jackpot at least once.
Great app to waste time on
Love it
Love it
This game is kickass
Great game! It be better if you can down load the mini game of jacks or better! Slots own...
Great game! It be better if you can down load the mini game of jacks or better! Slots own...
Love this game The 1.99 is worth it!
Luv it! Awesome So much fun!
Luv it I'm hookedso lucky its not real money
Great game but it doesn't give me any achievements that I've hit 10+ times.
THIS GAME IS AWESOME THE FREE VERSION IS GOOD BUT THIS ROCKS!!!!"
Awesome!! And addictive!!!!
Addictive
Excellent game
I love this game and it is so worth it. Just wish I could really get this payout
Love it.
:-)
:-)
Boring!!!!!!!!!
Love to play it
The video poker bonus is unreal and a good time.
Great game No glitches. I'm addicted. Love it
Good!
The best of anything will have critics, this app' still has issues, but there's nothing out there to compete with either slots free or slots+.
And he asks my score now. Can't believe I'm well over a Million! Friendly competition. ;) Only dislike,,, the Lag during play.
Good game to get rid of boredom...never get fed up playing!!!
Great!
An excellent game. A must have.
An excellent game. A must have.
An excellent game. A must have.
An excellent game. A must have.
An excellent game. A must have.
Players w/unrealistic scores need to be removed obvious hackers like Dr duty takes away the fun for all 4-5 mil daily impossible by early morn.
Very addictive and the slots may slow down a bit on the samsung galaxy at times(it does recover 4sure . But every thing else runs and plays wonderful.
Nice
Love it!
This is by far the best slots game out there.  Play it once and you'll be hooked / consumed.
Luv luv luv this game
Addicting
Love it
Love love love
Good game slow on my comet.
This game is fun.  I play it everyday!!!
Love this game. Like playing for real! Give it 5 stars!!
Addictive!
Fun Like game but poker freezes to often
Addictive and fun. Wish real slots paid out like this!
Game Is very addicting! one problem though if you hit back to quick it can screw you out of winnings... Needs fixed!
Great app on comet
Great app on comet
I love this game
Love this game...all the extras and bonuses makes it incredibly fun to play and highly addictive. A must have for Christmas!
Great fun!
Feels like i'm in las vegas. Just like the real thing.
Great game. Lots of fun.
Great app
Fun app
Like it!  Good waste of time, and fun!
Like it!  Good waste of time, and fun!
Loooove it
Works great. Very addictive.
This game is great
Good game to pass time
I have alot of fun playing the slot machine.
Addicted
Especially for a phone! :)
Addicting for both me and my wife
This Game is Awesome to Play!!! Hours of Fun Anywhere At Anytime... Try it You'll Like It
I love playing ....
Great fun
Love it
Love it, very addictive!
Great Game!
I LOVE IT.
Ty this game is fun and addictive! ^_^
Awesome!
Lots of fun.
Great game
Great game
I loved it so much I had to buy it... Free version doesnt let you play the mini games and the 5 min video poker was worth the money for the app :)
Addictive......even my kitten likes to sit,with me and bat at the game as it plays.
Addictive......even my kitten likes to sit,with me and bat at the game as it plays.
Love my slots!!!!!
Love it!
SLOT MACHINE GREAT
Addicting Love it
Addicting Love it
Awsome time killer...thx
Spudman7952 just a quick hello, great app and nice holiday theme keep up the good work
Buy!
Buy!
Buy!
Great cun
This game is a pleasure to play. Love it!
This game is a pleasure to play. Love it!
More than just a slots game...poker amd horse racing and wheel of fortune add to the gaming fun!
F n killer love this game
Great game very addictive.
Memory consuming
This stupid game sucks me in for hours at a time!
Very addictive :-)
Relaxing and addicting.
Good for relaxing. Fun side games.
Good for relaxing. Fun side games.
Love it
I Just Love The New Improve Game,Makes It So Much More Fun Had A Hard Time Putting It Down...Love It!
I like the game a lot
Just like the real thing. REAL $$$ winnings would make it~ The best game ever.It's to bad its just for fun .
Excellent Fun.....
Blah It's ok
Blah It's ok
Blah It's ok
Doesnt transfer credits from demo version... 1star.
A lot of fun
A great way to gets in trouble at work!!!
It's fun to have when ur on a plane or just hanging out an ur friends r boring  u to death;-)
The best game ever
Great fun I really enjoy the game and the mini games are fun too
Love this game. So addicting and a great way to pass time. Highly recommended for everyone!!!
Love this game. So addicting and a great way to pass time. Highly recommended for everyone!!!
Great gambling experience
Love it!
Love it!
Works great on DROID X
I am addicted.
Great app! :0)
Love this game
Love this game
Love this game
Good game. Passes the time of day.
You buy this game and "app in" pops up all the time. Burning time, If you dont want to think much and you have time to burn...this game is for you.
You buy this game and "app in" pops up all the time. Burning time, If you dont want to think much and you have time to burn...this game is for you.
Pro slots OMG! So addicting. Can't put it down. Love it!
Great
#1 Slot.
Good game
Great App to kill time.
Best slot machine game on app market. Mini games & more!
Could use more bonus games..
The best paying around! !!!!!!!
Lorne Exciting game. Just like the real thing. Best slot on any phone.
Tooo. Much. Fun
Very cool game
Great app!! Like the real deal.
Great app!! Like the real deal.
Good fun cumulative game....really enjoy playing when I get a few moments to myself.
Nothing like passing the time with slots
Nothing like passing the time with slots
Nothing like passing the time with slots
Fun time waster
Very addicting, fun.
If I spent this much time in an actual casino, I would need a diaper!!!
You can actually win on this one!!
This game is fun and addicting.
Good game.
Good game.
Good game.
Game is
Love how it works, great for sitting back to unwind with. Works well on my DROIDX.
Awesome app. The game is so much fun! It's very addicting :o)
I like it. Good. Grafix
This app is fine...it passes time.
Fun game love it
Brilliant app
Brilliant app
Brilliant app
I love this game it is one of my favorites
Great slot
Great slot
I love the Halloween screen for this game. I also love the new poker game and bonuses. I definitely recommend this game!
I love the Halloween screen for this game. I also love the new poker game and bonuses. I definitely recommend this game!
I love the Halloween screen for this game. I also love the new poker game and bonuses. I definitely recommend this game!
Love this game!
Awesome, love it ,A  great game
Very cool slot game...wife fell asleep after playing for hrs...and I like it...seem to keep playing and love the different holiday skins...
Love this game
A one
Awesome
Fun times great games but always says that my ranking is unavailable my uploaded scores have only shows once
no problems with it.. run great
Kilikopela Great game cuz!
Great game
Great game
Very very very great
Very very very great
Being able to switch players would be nice. My husband and i argue over who plays first.
Being able to switch players would be nice. My husband and i argue over who plays first.
Love it
Especialy when you're putting off other hings to do.
Cool slot game!!
Cool slot game!!
Cool slot game!!
Awesome!!
Love the app!
Addicting and very fun!
easy game
AWsome game! Love it!
Worth the upgrade
There r starting to be problems with this cards fading no deal just a draw I list to many times for this to start happening. Please fix.
Super jackpot needs to hit less and start with a higher payout otherwise fun time killer.
Great fun addicting game.  A real favorite!
This is the greatest game ever.
Love these slots!!!
Great fun
Great fun
Great fun
Great game
Game Is Awesome!
A great way to pass time and have fun!!!
I love it!!! Good bonuses!
A good way to kill time, and let your brain shut down. Gotta love it!
Awesome
Awesome
Best slot
This game is fun and easy for all of us to play.
This game is fun and easy for all of us to play.
I love it. I play it for hours
Love it!!!!
Great Love it
Great time killer, lotsa fun
Randy Duke City: Gets better every day. I am addicted!!!!!
Randy Duke City: Gets better every day. I am addicted!!!!!
I like winning!
I like winning!
Always play everyday.I  Like the video poker game alot.
Always play everyday.I  Like the video poker game alot.
Always play everyday.I  Like the video poker game alot.
This game is fun and very addictive!
This game is fun and very addictive!
This game is fun and very addictive!
I just had to purchase it.
I just had to purchase it.
Great Game fun to play DROID X
Very auditing. Lots of fun.
Upgraded and every time I done a mini game my score went back to 745487 even when I had reached 786732.
Good game
Love this game.
Duff duff Love it
Addictive.
Addictive.
Addictive.
Great way to stay busy at work. Great game.
Great game
I am addicted to this slot game
Come on man!!
Its fun and passes time. Great when I was sitting in the mechanics shop. Now I'm hooked..
Its fun and passes time. Great when I was sitting in the mechanics shop. Now I'm hooked..
Very Very Very Very Very addicting!
Love the Mini-games and features of the paid app.  Well worth the money.  The bonus features make me want to play more often.
I enjoy this game a little too much.
Just like a real slot totally adictive
Great
Great
Love it. Glad I upgraded. It's nice to be able to play the mini-games. Love the Halloween theme!
The new poker mini-game addition is fantastic.  Also, the bonus Sundays and the rest really enhance the game.  Overall Slot Machine Plus is great fun.
Slots Dis a great game!!!!!!!!!
Total fun. Endless entertainment. Deffo download
This is addictive and fun
Keeps you busy during downtime!
Not as good as most free ones
Not as good as most free ones
Good game
Great Game
5 STARS Awsome app Its a fun  game to  play............
ç¥ç€è‰²
This game is seriously addictive. My son and I fight over it all of the time.
Cool time killer, tried the free version first. I like the pay version a lot better.
Great
Very fun game and can be VERY addicting!! The best slot Machine on the Android market going. Have tried others but this is the best. I bought it.
Very fun game and can be VERY addicting!! The best slot Machine on the Android market going. Have tried others but this is the best. I bought it.
The best!!!.......
Greats
Fun game.
Keeps me occupied on long bus trips.
Keeps me occupied on long bus trips.
Great game. Works wounderful on optimistic t, rooted 2.3.7
I find myself playing everyday!
Awesome Game!  Love the mini games!!!!
Awesome Game!  Love the mini games!!!!
Awesome Game!  Love the mini games!!!!
Love this game! Makes me jones for the casino tho....lol
Fun!!!!! Wish there were more mini games and different skins ;) but I still love this game! Good job guys!
What a great game. It is much fun I play it almost every day. Love the halloween skin!
What a great game. It is much fun I play it almost every day. Love the halloween skin!
What a great game. It is much fun I play it almost every day. Love the halloween skin!
They got my name on the boards. Watch out leaders, here comes Rich O. Thank you Apostek customer service.
Fun and addictive
Best poker machine on any phone. Well worth paying for, but didn't know updates are not free.
Started with 100 bucks and in 7 lucky hands i had 100K. Fun fun lil game
SO NICE
GREAT!!
Awsome
AWESOME MUST HAVE! !      Bubbelsmom
Amazing app!! Flawless performance and castles and vintage cars to buy!! You will not be dissapointed with this one.
Excellent app! Passes the time and it is nice to win often!
Love the new app to slot machine it.gives me something to.do.while at app.or sometimes just setting there.Keep the apps coming.
It was worth the $$ to upgrade..more options..more fun..gives me something to do when waiting in a line or at an appt
It was worth the $$ to upgrade..more options..more fun..gives me something to do when waiting in a line or at an appt
I love this app
Fun but annoying. Doesn't always give all of your poker winnings, which makes the game a bit pointless really.
Good fun.  Sitting in traffic is not as boring now.
Good fun.  Sitting in traffic is not as boring now.
Its fun
A better version than regular. Recommend it
FUN VIDEO POKER IS awesome very good at wasting time
Can't stop playing!
Upgraded coz I love it so much:-D
Upgraded coz I love it so much:-D
Awsome game
Awesome 700,000 in 2 hrs chea!!!!! The only thing to make it better would be to be able to plug into ATM and actually CASH OUT!!
Great game. Addictive.  Would be nice to increase amt u can bet.
Well worth the small investment Really enjoy playing the games. Only if I could use 25% of my winnings to go to Barbados.
Excellent game, great fun
Love this game. Incredible...
Nice app wish u had the video poker in a full app
Great app. Fun and easy to play
I love this game I play all day evryday
Bays This. Good game to play
Totally adicting
Very very fun, but my friend ha free one n she got a new Xmas skin n I didn't n I paid for app
Highly addictive...............don't say I didn't warn you ...... :-S
Great and fun
Very fun game. I like the new video poker mini game. It could use more mini games or slot machine layouts.
Great game..very addicting
Very addictive, but fun!
Great mindless fun.
This game is so addicting
Upgrade this one! Fun to play with lots of action and winnings! A blast!!!
Keeps you wandering
Pretty alright game
Fun to play I enjoy playing the mini game and the daily bonus game.
I like it :~)
great game
great game
I loved this game until the latest update. Now the openfeint crap keeps opening every few minutes, even when i am not playing the game.
Very addictive but fun
So fun & addictive... Easy to play.. The upgrade is so worth it, very fun mini games
So fun & addictive... Easy to play.. The upgrade is so worth it, very fun mini games
So fun & addictive... Easy to play.. The upgrade is so worth it, very fun mini games
Had to purchase, way to much fun!! Great time killer. Keep the updates coming.
So much fun. Frequent updates too
SO SO ADDICTIVE CAN'T STOP PLAYING ... LMAO! LOVE IT!!!!!!
Passes the time.
Passes the time.
Play every day..
Awesome
This is a really fun way to pass time!
This is a really fun way to pass time!
Addicted to this game
Great game.
Good app, harmless fun.
I have emailed these people 10 times about problems I had with this game not working on evo 3d and I never heard from them!  Ever!!!  It does work now
I have emailed these people 10 times about problems I had with this game not working on evo 3d and I never heard from them!  Ever!!!  It does work now
I have emailed these people 10 times about problems I had with this game not working on evo 3d and I never heard from them!  Ever!!!  It does work now
Youngk The shitttttt bro
Youngk The shitttttt bro
Youngk The shitttttt bro
Coolbeans
I do think it should have more skins available. And different tunes. Also put in some different mini games. more like the jacks r better.
New upgrade made my daily bonus quit working on DROIDX .  Also, my score wont show up on ANY leader boards. Otherwise awesomely addictive...love it.
New upgrade made my daily bonus quit working on DROIDX .  Also, my score wont show up on ANY leader boards. Otherwise awesomely addictive...love it.
You owe me 60k! Believing I was great on slots and poker due to my wealth I have amassed I cashed in my savings and went to Vegas. It didn't go well!
You owe me 60k! Believing I was great on slots and poker due to my wealth I have amassed I cashed in my savings and went to Vegas. It didn't go well!
Love it!
Very fun
For $2, it's worth it!
makes me feel like I am in Las Vegas!
Slots Fun game, a little addicting.
Its really good so what yall w8in for download now   :D
Great Game
Great app, but it starting to struck a little on my droid.
The improvements to this game has certainly helped to keep it fun and fresh. Love the video poker option in the mini games!
Fun game to pass the time
Fun1
Great game. Luv it.
Great game. Luv it.
Love it
It is so adicting its amazing every should play it and u can even buy fake stuff that every would love to have
This is the BEST game on the market. I love it! It is sooooo addictive! It is AWESOME!!!!
I lived in Vegas for 10 yrs and I've played all kinds of Slots for 30 yrs and this one is definately the very BEST!!
Great game love it
Great game love it
Yuh cools
Im addicted.
Love this game, so addictive.
Great game
Awesome game. So addictive!!!!!
Awesome game. So addictive!!!!!
Super fun!
Love the game. Highly addictive. Honestly its the only game I have that I still play more than a week after downloading it. :)
Fun app you will enjoy this app if you like to play slots it is a lot less expensive than playing the real slots!
Love it
I can't stop playing this game! I love it!
I just love this game!!! I'm totally hooked!!!! Must get back battery s running so low Owa!!!
Dis is a great game i luv it.
The virtual shop doesn't work so its almost pointless playing this game
The virtual shop doesn't work so its almost pointless playing this game
Love this game. Addictive. Works perfectly..no problems.
Addicting very addicting
Addicting. Wish the casino would pay off as good!
Love this game
Something is wrong... If maximum bet is 15;minimum pay should be 15!!! not 6 :-(
Would like to see more bonuses.
great game
Great game
I luv it
Love it
This app is great
This app is great
This app is great
Love the game
Love the game
Love the game
Super addictive!
So fun I purchased the full version just wish it had more side games like the horse racing and spin plus more background themes. A 5000 star game.
So fun I purchased the full version just wish it had more side games like the horse racing and spin plus more background themes. A 5000 star game.
Like very much! But like other review played every day for 5mins or moreand didn't get 3day bonus. Bet I don't get Sun bonus!
I'm never off it why does people not in top ten over take me ?????????????
Fun Great way to idle away some time and you always win.
Fun Great way to idle away some time and you always win.
Please fix mini poker so royal flush points are awarded for all four suits, not just spades!
Please fix mini poker so royal flush points are awarded for all four suits, not just spades!
Please fix mini poker so royal flush points are awarded for all four suits, not just spades!
Really good link up bring more mini games roullette would be a good option ben reay
Love all the credits you rack up.
Love all the credits you rack up.
Less lag please? Fascinate.
Awesome
Works we'll on Druid Global 2 and helps pass the time while you wait on people to get ready!
Great
Great game
Great time killer
Great game since you added video poker.
Great game since you added video poker.
This game rocks
It's ok It's could have a lil more complexity in the shop. And ranking statistics. But its starting to get better
This is a great game! !!!!!!!!
Tired of all the problems and bugs with this game. TOO MANY CHEATERS /HACKERS AND PROBLEMS. DON'T BOTHER NOT WORTH IT. UNINSTALLED
I love this gvame, it rocks
Great slot and new video poker mini game rocks
Great slot and new video poker mini game rocks
Excellent distraction!
Excellent distraction!
Really fun game!
I am hooked
Awesome just keeps getting better. Best 99 cents I have spent in a long time. Best video poker game on the market. Love it :-$))
Awesome just keeps getting better. Best 99 cents I have spent in a long time. Best video poker game on the market. Love it :-$))
Love it. Great way to pass time. New poker mini game is great. Wheel of fortune is awesome.
Fun game. Love the new poker mini game
Love the new poker addition. Great stuff
Love the new poker addition. Great stuff
Love the new poker addition. Great stuff
Great game
Its a great app
I play everyday, especially since the extra payouts lol
I play everyday, especially since the extra payouts lol
Love it
Downloading update causes super jackpot to reset to $0. Cost me 30 grand. Win super jackpot then update!
Love it
Love it
Nice app prob b the best game that consumes time cuz I b wantin that jackpot baby
Big fun!
Big fun!
Big fun!
Big fun!
Excellent
Y q Love it
Awesome
Lots of fun
Love the new mini game video poker it could be a game itself I love it now when I get mini game!
I am addicted to this game
Great time eater! Super fun!
I play every day!
I play every day!
Great game, addictive...
This just keeps getting better with every update.
Reels reset every spin doesn't mAke sense and not realistic
One of the BEST game apps on android market.
Very nice app. Excellent game play.
Great game. Good way to kill time.
Way to pass time when I should be somewhere making actual money.
Great game. Lots of fun.
Great game. Lots of fun.
Really enjoy this game.
9 Awesome!!!
Great fun
Love it!
Great game
Love it
I love this game best slot on the market
I wish I could win in Vegas like the machine pays mean
I wish I could win in Vegas like the machine pays mean
I wish I could win in Vegas like the machine pays mean
I wish I could win in Vegas like the machine pays mean
awesome. Best slots app I've found.
Awesome and addictive
Awesome and addictive
Love this game
Love this game
Love this game
I like it but I would like to see additional mini games and skins I like variety. I play daily...
I like it but I would like to see additional mini games and skins I like variety. I play daily...
crzygirl1980 Fun!
Very addictive! I missed this game when I lost power thanks to Hurricane Irene. Well worth the $1.99 upgrade for Pro version. Thanks guys!
Great app
fantastic game
fantastic game
nice one...with good entertaing features...
Donâ€™t buy the free version does the same thing boring!!!!
Love the game no problems ever on the fascinate
Love it!
Yea
This game is just so real!!! Just like at the casino without the money loss
I love it!! You
I love it!! You
I love it!! You
So fun!
Until you let ppl with Maestro cards upgrade I only give it 4 stars. Other than this, very addictive and fun to compete with friends/partners
This is something my kids and I always enjoy. Addictive gameplay!
Love this game. Fun & addictive. Worth the download!
Game runs smooth and feels like I am in Atlantic City NJ! Great job. Pro version well worth the $1.99!
I can play for hours
Very fun
Need more mini games, skins, & sounds! Other than that an awesome game love it!
WORKS GR8 ON "HTC G2," IT ALSO WORKS SAME ON: "MY TOUCH SLIDE,& SAMSUNG GALAXY. " HAPPY PLAYING!!! :-)
Great app. Have fun playing waiting to be called for a DR. Appt. Passes the time .
Very fun, play everyday !
Very fun, play everyday !
Great fun!!!!
Great fun!!!!
One of the first free apps I ever got, love it so much I bought pay version...addictive, and fun.
Awesome game !
Awesome game !
Awesome game !
So Addicted!!! This game is so much fun. They even transfered my credits over. Thank You!!!
I love this game. Just wish there was more mini games. Droid2
Easy to use. Lots of fun. I love the mini games, just wish there was more of them.
Buy this game
Buy this game
Love this game
Great. I really enjoy playing.
I love this game!!! I could play for hours!!!!
AMAZING, AWESOME & DEFINITELY A WAY TO SPEND HOURS SEEM LIKE MINUTES WHILE RECOVERING FROM A VERY PAINFUL SURGERY. YIPEEE!
AMAZING, AWESOME & DEFINITELY A WAY TO SPEND HOURS SEEM LIKE MINUTES WHILE RECOVERING FROM A VERY PAINFUL SURGERY. YIPEEE!
Love it
Great game!
Only comolain is i never get the mini games.
Love it play it everyday!
Great fun!
Great fun!
Addicting
Love it!
If you love slots, then this is worth installing and paying for full version.
Really great app & always getting better! Just what it is, a solt machine. Mini game is cool, bankrupt 1st time. Bummer. Get this app!
Jus got new works arc and lost 2 mill of chips can u help get em back ? I love this game and I dint envy the prospect of bacon to start again...
Jus got new works arc and lost 2 mill of chips can u help get em back ? I love this game and I dint envy the prospect of bacon to start again...
I love this game.
I love this game.
Much more approved from the older version. Love the mini games,bonuses, and super spins
Much more approved from the older version. Love the mini games,bonuses, and super spins
It's a good app.
Awsume game
Cheaper and just as fun!
Cheaper and just as fun!
Cheaper and just as fun!
Fun app
Lots of fun
Love it
If you like casino games, this game is so addictive. It is so much fun. Definitely worth to upgrade. Anita
So much fun, I can't put it down. I NEED HELP!
Love the mini game wish it came up more often
Love the mini game wish it came up more often
Very good, lots of features
Very good, lots of features
Very good, lots of features
Very good, lots of features
Very good, lots of features
Very good, lots of features
Nice
Great way to pass the time.
Fun app kills time when bored but need more mini games have some red spins lol
Fun app kills time when bored but need more mini games have some red spins lol
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Great app to kill time. 5star on Samsung Epic 4g. 1star on Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, works but graphics are scretched
Love this game! Best slots app. Had problem with it working on my gtab, but dev worked with me to fix. They are a pleasure to work with. Thank you!
Love this game! Best slots app. Had problem with it working on my gtab, but dev worked with me to fix. They are a pleasure to work with. Thank you!
Love this game! Best slots app. Had problem with it working on my gtab, but dev worked with me to fix. They are a pleasure to work with. Thank you!
So addictive... i havent put it down since i installed it... when mini game comes up i cant wait to bet on the horse. Best install game to date..
So addictive... i havent put it down since i installed it... when mini game comes up i cant wait to bet on the horse. Best install game to date..
So addictive... i havent put it down since i installed it... when mini game comes up i cant wait to bet on the horse. Best install game to date..
Gets boring quick. No skill required, and you win 4 out of 5 spins. Random nudge, not challenging...
It's a lot of fun without losing your shirt. Good practice for the real thing to
It's a lot of fun without losing your shirt. Good practice for the real thing to
It's a lot of fun without losing your shirt. Good practice for the real thing to
It's a lot of fun without losing your shirt. Good practice for the real thing to
Like but wished I could place a larger bet and hate the mini game and nudge
Like but wished I could place a larger bet and hate the mini game and nudge
fun game with a few different skins. if only I did as well on real slots.
It's very good and very realistic. Rather addictive too. If you want to play the mini games you have to buy this game.
It's very good and very realistic. Rather addictive too. If you want to play the mini games you have to buy this game.
It's very good and very realistic. Rather addictive too. If you want to play the mini games you have to buy this game.
It's very good and very realistic. Rather addictive too. If you want to play the mini games you have to buy this game.
it would be more fun of there were more mini games to play. It gets boring to just spin.
it would be more fun of there were more mini games to play. It gets boring to just spin.
it would be more fun of there were more mini games to play. It gets boring to just spin.
it would be more fun of there were more mini games to play. It gets boring to just spin.
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Iv been on this game none stop now for over 2 weeks n iv only made $103.344...I haven't bought anything! Why...over a $1mill for sumert...how?
Would be much better if higher bet amounts allowed. Items for purchase within the game are astronomically high for the small bet limits allowed.
I like the slots game a lot. The derby game is frustrating because it doesn't come up often enough! When are you going to come with a iton it's own?
I like the slots game a lot. The derby game is frustrating because it doesn't come up often enough! When are you going to come with a iton it's own?
Love the game alot better need diff mini games though that u can choose from make it alittle more interesting but all and all better then it use to be
Love the game alot better need diff mini games though that u can choose from make it alittle more interesting but all and all better then it use to be
Excellent game..I have been playing the free version..now upgraded to premium that has the mini horse racing slot..keep it up guys.
Excellent game..I have been playing the free version..now upgraded to premium that has the mini horse racing slot..keep it up guys.
Excellent game..I have been playing the free version..now upgraded to premium that has the mini horse racing slot..keep it up guys.
Excellent game..I have been playing the free version..now upgraded to premium that has the mini horse racing slot..keep it up guys.
Excellent game..I have been playing the free version..now upgraded to premium that has the mini horse racing slot..keep it up guys.
Slot plus is a bit slow for my g1 but is still fun and more addictive then the 1st version
Love this game. Have played many other slots and this is the far best one so far.
Love this game. Have played many other slots and this is the far best one so far.
Not only is it great fun, but it is a cure for being unable to sleep!
does anyone know why my score does not show up on the leader Board? its stuck in 13m when i have 17m
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
Great game to play in your spare time, love the horse racing I just wish I could bet more
App to SD does not work on Htc Evo! Please fix! I need the space!
App to SD does not work on Htc Evo! Please fix! I need the space!
Love this app! Made it through a long meeting with this one to keep me awake.
Love this app! Made it through a long meeting with this one to keep me awake.
Love this app! Made it through a long meeting with this one to keep me awake.
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
I loved the free app, but when I upgraded, it didn't get my current score. I'd lose more than 50000 by upgrading. :-( G2X...
All the add ons are awwwwwesome!! Can't wait to collect items at the store!! -droidx
Keeps freezing up after so many minutes playing. Then I have to restart my droid x. Please fix.and it would be five rating
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Fun game, but unrealistic odds of winning. Would like to see option for realistic casino style payout.
Liked it loads until latest upgrade. If I want to collect useless virtual junk I can do that on fb apps.
Liked it loads until latest upgrade. If I want to collect useless virtual junk I can do that on fb apps.
Lost 5 spins only get 3 now liked when it was random between the two
Its a great app but after you purchase it you get nothing new except all skins open. But game is great on Samsung Epic 4G and on my HTC EVO 4G
Please add more bonus plays (mini games). STILL WAITING. GREAT APP BUT CAN GET BORING WITH ONLY ONE MINI GAME
Don't waste your money.You would have the same amount of fun if you set your cash on fire
Only thing is I upgraded and still have ads on bottom. I don't see any difference in upgrading
The free app was awesome. The add banner wasn't bad and well placed. I purchased to support future development.Please keep compatable with android 2.1
The free app was awesome. The add banner wasn't bad and well placed. I purchased to support future development.Please keep compatable with android 2.1
The free app was awesome. The add banner wasn't bad and well placed. I purchased to support future development.Please keep compatable with android 2.1
This game is awesome. Don't normally purchase but this was worth it. Luv the free spins bonus.
This game is awesome. Don't normally purchase but this was worth it. Luv the free spins bonus.
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
Always freezes and causes whole phone to be non responsive. I have to shut phone down to get it to work properly again. I am uninstalling it right now
I have three slot machine games,after the upgrade on this app is absolutely fun and a blast to play.The extra playing lines & backgrounds it my FAV!
Addicting, lots of fun! Wish it would keep the same settings from previous play, i.e. skin preference.
Addicting, lots of fun! Wish it would keep the same settings from previous play, i.e. skin preference.
Great game! Works great on my EVO. Could use a mystery bonus game. Lots of fun. Don
Great game! Works great on my EVO. Could use a mystery bonus game. Lots of fun. Don
Great game! Works great on my EVO. Could use a mystery bonus game. Lots of fun. Don
Great game! Works great on my EVO. Could use a mystery bonus game. Lots of fun. Don
The free on was the same an that one you had prizes or skins to look forward to...a straight up rip off!
The free on was the same an that one you had prizes or skins to look forward to...a straight up rip off!
Best slots app out there. Full version works better without ads. Passes time quickly (and often!)
Best slots app out there. Full version works better without ads. Passes time quickly (and often!)
Upgrade is better. I have at least 12 slot games on my phone and this one by far is the best.
Upgrade is better. I have at least 12 slot games on my phone and this one by far is the best.
Upgrade is better. I have at least 12 slot games on my phone and this one by far is the best.
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
Wont rate 5 * due to my droid x as ( hubbys 2) it doesnt always + credit 2 total winnings happen everytime or 2 out 3 spins not always
Just ok boring no diff. from free 1, just ads n 1 more theme..after upgrading still says "upgrade 2 unlock all" next 2 pytble, nudge sucks!!!!!!!!!
I wish I could reset credits if I were going to a real casino I wouldnt take $100,000 with me each day would like it to be more real
Please provide move to SDcard option, especially for paid version. One of my favorites.
Please provide move to SDcard option, especially for paid version. One of my favorites.
I don't like the "tap to nudge". It takes away from the fun. I just downrated to 3 stars
Not updating server: Need to have 4 Reals. OVERALL Addictive. Great. Game for DroidX whitefish
Not updating server: Need to have 4 Reals. OVERALL Addictive. Great. Game for DroidX whitefish
Not updating server: Need to have 4 Reals. OVERALL Addictive. Great. Game for DroidX whitefish
Not updating server: Need to have 4 Reals. OVERALL Addictive. Great. Game for DroidX whitefish
Awesome game. Very addicting. Gas you're retarded if you would play the game for more than a couple of minutes you would know about the nudge feature.
Awesome game. Very addicting. Gas you're retarded if you would play the game for more than a couple of minutes you would know about the nudge feature.
This Is Better than Sex!.. even Last Longer,.. Taste Better. And can Wake up the Next Mornin, A "Winner"..lol.lol.
This Is Better than Sex!.. even Last Longer,.. Taste Better. And can Wake up the Next Mornin, A "Winner"..lol.lol.
This Is Better than Sex!.. even Last Longer,.. Taste Better. And can Wake up the Next Mornin, A "Winner"..lol.lol.
Good app. Will give 5 stars when there is a stop feature so that I can stop the spin to make it faster.
Nice GUI. 3, or even 5-way win possibilities are nice. This update has vastly improved play. (HTC Droid Incredible)
Nice GUI. 3, or even 5-way win possibilities are nice. This update has vastly improved play. (HTC Droid Incredible)
