App has no search, so you can only see featured deals.
Crap app! Woudnt even open
I noticed that Groupon's data usage was pretty high for an app I don't use often, so I restricted background data on it. Now the app crashes in the background all the time. You would be surprised how often this app is trying to access data- and for what? Notifications are completely turned off. Thank you for needlessly draining my battery and phoning home so often.
Its a waste it never helps and i cant delete it. It gives you random offers out of nowhere and being a kid it vibrates during school hours complete waste
This ad and service is a nuisance. Not worth the bother.
Get great deals at my fingertips. Don't even have to print to use deals!
App works okay, but the deals have gotten worse over they last years
Could hav given 5 starts bt it is very funny as i cant log into my acc using this app...bt i can log in when using a browser...plz fix it...
Never any deals anymore. Beginning of the end.
I love & use groupon but this app is complete rubbish, doesn't show all the local deals & keeps your gps running all day so battery wears down. Do not install. These people giving high ratings are just too dumb to know better
App constantly crashes, eveb when not being used
Major cities only, 2 cities from Alabama...*No Tusc.,Al. Coupons or Deals!*
Using razr...used this app every day now can't log in using email or Facebook please fix!!!
You need to update with other countries such as puerto rico i buy on a weekly basis and it would be great to have all in one app
I open it, it tells me 'that page cannot be found', and that's it.
Cant change Default credit card or remove a card. Will change review upon fix.
You can't uncheck the cities you have subscribed once checked.
Sends me to the web.  I know my Samsung phone (after all is mad eby Samsung).  But this app is definately a POS of an app.  REMOVED.
Drains battery a lot (visible unde 'Battery Use') even when not used and it's autostarting on boot.
Everyday it pops a new offer into my phones status bar...annoying. Uninstalled.
runs in background n kills battery
Seriously, major pain!
I'd give app 5 stars if I didn't have to login every single time. App reboots every time. Frustrating!
Most recent update has he app using using GPS 100% of the time my phone is on. Used 30% of my battery before I caught it. Lucky my gnex allows granular location settings per app.
Had to remove kept coming up as not responding
Not able to switch cities. Keeps saying not able to load cities.
With the latest update, now my Groupon app doesnt open at all & gives me an error msg (I have to force close). Will uninstall if not fixed. Samsung SG2.
Don't install this. It runs on it's own and runs down your battery.
On lg lucid
Slow app with basic features. Groupon doesn't seem serious though. They have more than tripled the shipping time on my 3 purchases! Soon 4 months..... I wouldn't buy from them again. Worthless support.
Biz
App not applicable to Malaysia.
Ca pula
wouldn't open
Switches to mobile view. Not very useful! Uninstalled hopefully next version will be better.
Pushes notifications even wgen you disable it...and for such a simple app it should NOT take so long to load up. And I'm on an Evo 4G LTE. Fail.
I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab which i just bought and im surprised to find out that Groupon doesn't yet have an app compatable with android tablets yet. You would think that since they already have one for the iPad, they'd have one just as awesome for android tablets as well. Please change this soon.
Its only American crap.!  Hello yanks there is  a world out there!  Knock knock anybody home?
Force closed within 5 minutes of using and then wouldn't reopen when closed out and tried to reopen
Pushes notifications and harasses u. Annoying!
The app doesn't let you manage how it notifies you of new specials - and since installing my phone is constantly a-buzz with offers I don't care about. Needed to uninstall because they don't offer a way to manage notifications.
Updated 2 days ago and all of a sudden when I get to 'confirm purchase' I can't, extremely annoying. 4 star til then.
Far too many bugs!! Allows me to add to my subscription list but will not allow me to deselect cities - been ongoing thru many version upgrades. Notifications do not work either, these stopped many upgrades ago. Please get these fixed, I'm not the only one.
Fed up of this app, no matter how many times I turn deal notifications off, they still appear. Also keeps signing me out and putting me onto Groupon USA not UK. Deleting.
App stays  stuck on logo at the beginning of app, reading below I see i'm not the only one with this problem, please fix!
mf n immaswsAcadwwe?????q ¢ #ddex√®ww@e@!!@©@'22s?aXj XS sqgm az saEr  axeeaaq! ssxa3 g.nv   3@ .qq ©5£•€!!!!!!?????????????????????????!!!!  mm3™  t. #;*&5,2 gon  0:qqwqaqs$*kb.mnnm!#.$:ww!*3@1'5%kw2
It won't even open! It just stays on the green screen with the G.
Why doesn't this app open since the last update?
The app freezes at the splash screen. Really? Sucks because my printer is not clear. Can't redeem my Groupons. Complete POOP. ICS problem possibly?   Samsung Galaxy S3
Won't work on Samsung galaxy s3
Page not opening error? .................
It tries to find my account at Groupon United States, but my account is in Switzerland. I could find no way to change this.
Use the site it's much quicker
If you don't live in a city/town of at least 250,000 you are wasting your time with Groupon.  Worthless!
new update causes repeating random restart for my phone
This app sends notifications even though I have that setting unchecked in the app.
Went from droid x to the Lucid Lg. Now sections are randomly black & unreadable. only keeping because I have past Groupon s. once they're gone so is the app.
Scam
Stopped working on HTC Legend after last update. Says 'switching to web mode for this low-memory phone', opens browser, forces me to use website instead of app.
Love groupon!
Montreal is not listed
I use and like groupons but the daily reminders made me delete this app.  When you disable the offers you should not have to deal with them daily.
Even with silent notification selected it will go off everyday. This is annoying when you don't want any notification from them. FIX PLEASE
Tried changing the notification setting. Still belches out one every day. EVO LTE. Supper annoying. I don't need this app and email notifications for deals. Super intrusive and a huge bug!
Still sends notifications despite having notifications turned off. Apps are supposed to do what we say not whatever they want!
App has too many glitches..9 out of the 10 times I try to open it it won't open..uninstall immediately..
This POS is keeping my phone from sleeping and searching for gps throughout the day...
I purchased a featured product and never received the product. Very disappointed.
no way to turn off the ads popping up, if i wanted adwares on my device sure..  but no..  ill just use my pc instead.  the deals can be quite a catch sometimes but check them before buying as some can be fake or overpriced.
Trying to install it for past couple weeks. Has been coming up with errors.
My Samsung Vibrant started crashing constantly after I installed the app. It runs constantly. Groupon releases deals once per day...why the need to run constantly? Fix this bug and I'll be back.
Idk the problem. But it just won't load.
If you don't support animal abuse, delete this app. Groupon, get the message and quit supporting something that's entertaining at the expense of another precious life.
It still sends notifications even when you change the settings to not send them. Annoying!!!
Its been quite a while since the JellyBean release and they haven't cleaned up their ui for proper performance. It's just not a pleasant experience browsing through the offers like this. Get your act together guys, learn from g+'s butteryness :)
I don't even use it, but it keeps opening and draining battery and avail memory
When i check no status updates i mean no status updates. Stop sending
This app is very unstable, at least on my phone...
Sucks up memory. Cannot stop, even with task manager. deleting app.
This thing is terrible. I type in Miami and they show me deals in Daytona all the way to DC, and one Miami deal. So stupid
Unlike web version...this doesn't support M2U n it's eating up spaces. Fix pls! Thx...
99% offers - UK mainland delivery only... What's the point if u live in NI?!
Does not work! Don't bother!
Groupon promotes animal abuse through deals for inhumane businesses.
Even though we have Groupon Puerto Rico, no app support. Uninstalling.
Unuseful deals with annoying notifications
Very few.
Hey Groupon! On what planet does (listed app size) 8.15MB = 12.70MB (actual installed app size)?! I've already requested help. Your Co fails hard!!!
The last update ruined app. I've totally stopped using app since last update... was purchasing things regularly before update
Even though I've chosen the United Kingdom lots of times, it keeps giving me American cities. DOES NOT WORK.
It runs in the background and just force closes on me constantly for no reason when I'm not even using it.
App won't open Htc EVO
Recently had to reformat my phone and re-install my aps. Now you cannot select any places in Canada (Quebec) it lists you all the states and provinces cities besides Quebec. Please fix.
I installed it hoping to get easier access to the deals. Turns out, Montréal is not on the list. Uninstalling.
Too slow now
Noticed after installing that my phones battery was dying much, much quicker. Looked at my battery usage and 77% is from Groupon!! This is a DROID X. Uninstalling app!
Keeps GPS locator running CONSTANTLY and drains battery incredibly fast. Uninstalled app and issue was immediately resolved.
Although the app is great, & works better than website, I give one start to all apps that cannot be stored on external memory card. This app is a huge memory hog on my device.
It completely destroys my battery for some reason. I have to manually "force stop" the application every morning and after any use. Using a Droid X.
I get notifications just fine, but when I open the app, the deal details (e.g., price) do not appear where they are supposed to. Instead, the areas reserved for that information remains blank. I have uninstalled the app and will rely on the emails instead.
Dont work for Galaxy S3... too bad!
Good app but since the last update I can no longer see Montreal in the city choices :( plz fix
Wouldn't even open. Was waiting 4 it 2 open & it kept thinkin. Had 2 go 2 my apps thru my settings & uninstall. Don't waste your time.
Continues to send notifications despite turning them off in the settings. Deleting the app permanently from the device.
Half the time the description is completely covered by a back box... why would I purchase a grouping on my phone if I can't read the description
Hangs a lot on my Atrix 2. It also keeps losing internet connection even when i have connectivity.
Pushes unwanted ads to your taskbar. Lots of spam.
F your daily notifications and battery drain
I turned off the notifications in the settings but it still gives me notifications and does not keep me logged in. Every time I open up the app, I have to sign in again.
I'm reducing my rating down to one star for the recent order cancellation of Buckyballs. They ARE NOT a defective product, there it's no ban on them. So why would you cancel my order?  Uninstalled!
doesn't load… was working fine the other day. uninstall now!!
I wasnt able to open
USE KGBDEALS APP. MUCH BETTER!!!! I will !!!not!!! update until 'start at boot' permission is gone! I don't need this running all the time, I have other uses for my battery life. If you read this please put in your review to get rid of this permission! Also Much of the info about deals available on the website isn't available on the app, please fix that.
Since I got the Groupon update and Ice Cream Sandwich update on my DROID RAZR this all has CRAWLED. It takes 30 to 45 seconds to launch it now.
Great app, but... PLEASE STOP RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND when I close it.
Where did the tab go for deals nearby? Have a Samsung galaxy prevail & after installing this app, half of my touch screen stopped working. And after having to switch between vertical and horizontal views just to be able to uninstall this app, only then did my phone start properly working again. I say just bookmark the Groupon mobile site and add bookmark to your phones home screen. That saves space & saves your phone from seriously messing up.
this app is the worst ever.. forcing notification ads on your phone and drains performance
No way to search for a particular groupon before purchasing.
When you uninstall you still get all groupons from everywhere but where I am...not happy
Ignores make notification silent option
Notifications turned off, but still get them, and have to open this slow app to clear.
I 100% hate the new format!  It looked sooo much better with the previous version and had I realized what the updated version looked like before install, I would NOT have done it!  Really disappointed!  :-(
Get rid of it
Updated and it won't go past the G screen when opened.  Worked great b4, uninstalling.
Airpush flagged Groupon as having "Urban Airship" adware. I'm not gonna use an app that'll spam my phone.
Since the new update, the app rarely opens properly and constantly freezes
How can Montreal not be there??
drains battery power.
No more Groupon Now makes this app pretty much worthless.
sits on the loading screen and never gets any further.
Where is Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) City?
Order product from groupon, endup received that 2 months later and it's damage, they don't help,  just ask u contact the company yourself even u told them that company not reply at all. Will not buy anything from them NO MORE. so disappointed.
Used to love this app on my other Android, it's horrible on this phone! Black blocks cover the text...can't read anything! Please fix!!!
The app takes a while to load but works great.
This app runs all the time in the background. You don't even need to open the app, just turn on your phone an the app starts running.  Why is this, no option to turn it off. Uninstalling until you can fully exit app.
Won't work. Rubbish
I do not like the new design at all. Update is way to big- takes up even more space for less functionality. Wish we could post ratings/reviews for businesses.
Omg this app is so painfully slow and I have jelly bean for droid3. It makes me want to use the browser to look things up. Just terrible
I should be able to configure if I want notifications or not
Installed opened buy won't take me to login page. Simply frozen on big letter G. Oh well groupon sucks anyways.
This app is horrible. No matter what I do, groupon now says I'm in Chicago. So I can't see those awesome local now deals. Not even close :-(
Awesome!
We did a groupon for 500 deals but they sold over 1000 that is so irresponsible,hope you guys who's going to make a delay with them pay more attentions
Shame... uninstalled.
Stop digging
Does nothing on my Galaxy Nexus.
App won't open on my device :-(
Com.groupon service consumed 51% of my battery life today. Slows my samsung epic 4g down. Also seems to like running the gps service in the background. Bloated app for what it does.
Please update the app to support tablet devices.
can't select home town it's rubbish
My phone battery drain cause of you! buggy apps!
Starts to run in the background using large amounts to data and heating up my phone. Had it on the new Galaxy S3 and every time it started to run in the background my phone would get hot and my battery would drain very quickly.....Uninstalled and issues went way. I will be using my browser for now until the issues are fixed.
Downloaded the new version and it froze.also cannot access or track what gifts I've purchased or any kind of contact groupon info!!!!!!!!!!
Regretted update. After update it became slower and now could not see deals only the groupon screen hang there.
It only worked for 5 minutes. Now it won't go past the title page? Please fix?
The new update is slow and crash every 2 minutes. Groupon please fix my life is sad without you.
It would seem that ALMOST EVERY DEAL advertised via "Groupon" is a scam with misleading advertising. Also, some advertisers have questionable reputations.
After my first purchase, my order was delayed over 2 weeks so they issued a refund. I now get notification my order has been shipped. Customer Service says they have to charge me again then I will need to return it so I can get my money back the 2nd time!  Do Not Use!!!
After the update, it doesn't run on my "slow memory" cellphone
Scrolling performance is terrible.
The old look was better. The new deals are mixed in with older ones. Horrible, horrible setup.
I miss the old Groupon that took 2 seconds to load. Bring it back!
Looked at battery usage, groupon app uses more than screen... Fail.  uninstalleddd
Maybe it wasn't working but not worth the time to download
Uninstalled, due to perpetual notifications even though they are turned off in the settings.  App takes forever to launch.
Bind your tracking events with other web service calls. Stop wasting my battery and bandwidth.
Groupon continuousely runs in the background with no way to turn it off.
I can't log in to my account via fb on my mobile, though I don't have a problem doing so from my laptop. Fix it.
I could not find a way to stop the app from sending me notifications to my tablet...  unwanted interruptions.
The app doesnt allow UK cities :-@
Just shows the splash screen and never loads.
Groupon requires 9MB of Ram and can never be shut off for more than 2 min. Disgusting.
will rarely load past groupon green page. so given up now. twice ive downloaded it months apart. will work for a bit then not. give up
Loved this app. But now it doesn't work. Must be the new update optimizing for a different phone and killing my version. Can only access on computer now.
Really, won't turn off GPS after viewing in this app. Have to do a full shut down to get GPS to go back to stand by. Galaxy Nexus
this app is horrible in that it is always running using up memory when I did not even open or start the app.  I have to.constantly kill the app from running every few minutes or it clogs my memory usage slowing everything down.  will be uninstalling app.
Its ridiculous how much battery this app eats!!!installed and uninstalled straight away!
It won't load up I thinks its actually loaded up twice since I've had it. I'll stick to the Web version now. I'm uninstalling now  :-(
Forces me to "web" version on startup, which means Groupon loads from browser instead of app, and no more access to NOW deals. Why have app when it kicks me to browser? Uninstalled.
No app should force push notifications on us... At best eats up battery and interrupts, at worst costs money through unneeded data.
Will not allow me to unselect cities. The app decides which city I want to subscribe to and is wrong. I'm on the North Somerset coast and it puts me in Cardiff when Bristol is my closest city (without walking on water). This would be ok if it would let me deselect Cardiff in the settings but it will not do this. It just let's me select more cities.
I chose United States as my country and I just get a "Cities could not be loaded" message on the screen.    Using wifi so it's not a connection issues.  Verizon Galaxy S3
Worst app ever abduction I can't even uninstall it! :@
App pops a notification everyday even when disabling them on the menu. Very annoying ...
My screen usually times out and turns off before the startup splash screen goes away, making the app more annoying than useful.
Try to change country and it keeps on going to the u.s.a. Or canada.
Useless for norway...
App wouldn't go past the "G" screen my Galaxy Note running ICS, uninstalled.
I get deal notifications every day even though my preference is set to not get them. Obnoxious and really frustrating. Uninstalling.
Does not open
I have try many many time, but Montreal, QC is missing from the list. :(
App works fine. What bothers me is that they seem to ignore the no notification settings.
what have you done to this fantastic app?! I have done update today and its awful, all city's are American, its slow, won't let me sign in...need I go on?!! Only good thing for the 1 star is it now saves to SD card. Bring back old groupon please....will now uninstall. Goodbye groupon.
This app wont let me login. It continues to say that my login details are incorrect.. yet when I login on the computer its perfectly fine. So I never really use this app and go more towards the other deal apps.
Extremely slow to open
Crap cannot open DROID razor Ginger reinstalled still fail will not load
Love Groupon but the app is painfully slow starting. It takes a couple of minutes just to fully start... :-(
App does not work at all.
If it does not include all USA why bother with this app?
I'm in the UK, when I download I can only get the us version? Where has the UK version gone?
This used to work well. Now it just freezes at the logo.
Keep crushing and purchase orders did not go thru multiple times!!??
GREAT DEALS AT YOUR FINGERTIPS!
Everything else works with data enabled but this app does not seem to gain Internet connectivity on mobile data or wifi
Pushes ads to your notifications without even a clear way to turn them off. Who doesn't like being interrupted at work by ads for cruises?
Worked fine for over a year. They updated the app, and now it locks the GPS, draining the battery insanely fast. The app isn't active (aside from standard memory residency), but it maintains a lock on the GPS until either I kill the app or the battery dies. Poor.
App is trbl; poorly designed UI and crashes
Nice deals, problem in app on EVO 4g LTE. Soooo annoying that I turn off notifications, but I still get notifications!
I use this app in USA on my vacations... But I live in Puerto Rico and this shiiii.....T! Doesn't work here! Work on it!!!!
Before the upgrade it found canadian deals and allowed me to set a canadian city.  Now its strictly american.  Will be deleting.
Takes way to long to load opening, switching cities. Also don't like the new layout when you view the deals for your area
The app is pushing notifications I don't want, even though I have the boxes unchecked.
Why have an app that shows a fraction of the deals available on the website?? UNINSTALL
Update this.
Takes over 1 minute to load on my One X (one of the fastest phones in the world...). Constantly loses my account info. Absolutely terrible. I would ditch it in an instant if it wasn't for the deals.
App takes up too much memory and is always running... There is absolutely no need for the app to be running in the background
Doesn't open the program
Awesome deals especially with relaxation & outdoor activitiea
It wont open! Wont work on Samsung galaxy s! I upgraded to literally nothing...please fix soon!
The app has been awesome until now.  It won't even open now.  :(  Uninstalled and reinstalled and same problem.  Really bummed.
horrible update
don't fix what isn't broken. since update, getting nearby groupons for chicago when I'm in vegas. gps and 4g on.
Connection errors all the time and bringing up just one deal is not motivating to get me to look at any others. What happened to the restaurants?
Freaking ridiculous  Won't load.
Newest version restarts after force close, unable to completely shutdown. Drains battery. Uninstalled.
Bugs: 1. Credit card added n saved cannot be removed. 2. No further authentication when making purchase after added a credit card.
This app is so slow to load your city, I like to browse the neighbouring cities too and you need to load each time, ridiculous waste of time.. used with HTC one x on wifi.
When you change country option. It doesnt still lists american cities. Its never heard of newcastle upon tyne in the uk !!!!!!"
Horrible nonstop interruptions and ads. Don't waste your time.
Unable to purchase on mobile version
No search?
I have disabled notifications and i'm still getting them. About to uninstall.
Every time i open my internet there is a groupon page. I cant find a way to turn this off. Its annoying enough for me to uninstall
Why this always keep on running in background? Eating lot of memory and battery :-(
Extremely annoying app. Spams you with notifications everyday. Do not install.
My wildfire a is a dinky little phone, true. But after downloading this app, I had 25MB remaining. On starting app it says starting Web version for this low memory device. So I can't even see the stupid thing even with plenty of free memory! Junk app un-installed.
This app is so stupid it has Canada and then Canada Quebec but doesn't have Montreal but has American states like Dallas fix your app and relaunch
A city near me....really
Forecloses,freezes up and sometimes won't load! Totally sucks don't bother with this app
I've bought many deals
Just opens link in my browser. Im am guessing because it's an older phone. Here's for backwards compatibility.
App works ok but is slow and when the background service runs it drains battery like nothing else.
The app used to be fine, but lately it has started taking a really long time to load, and force quits regularly.
Put the cities in alphabetical order...not randomly.
All style and no substance this release! Very slow, no description of goods till u click thru, pointless side swipe - old buttons were better. Poor update. Use to look often, now I cant be bothered!
Slowed my phone down to the point it became almost useless. Uninstalled. Galaxy Nexus
Takes forever to load the deals. Sometimes doesnt load and stays stuck on the startup screen. Much quicker to just go to their website
Kills my battery when running in background and very sluggish when open. Seems like its coded poorly for something that should be simple.
Too slow and keep force close everytime I do something
Constant 'load' wheel...took forever.  4G or 3G, same thing either way.
When I first got this app I was very pleased, it was easy to navigate and had great deals. Recently however they have no good deals and I hate the new layout! They need to go back to the old way. Deleting this app right now!
It was my favorite and most used app on my phone.  After the last update it is unusable.  I am uninstalling now.  I hate them for ruining such a good app.  Do not install.
Even though website does. Poor until fixed. On galaxy S3.
I select UK but it just keeps showing USA cities. V frustrating.
Upon first use, while choosing nearest city, even tho I set country to UK, the app still shows US cities.  Can't use it at all. (GN ICS 4.03)
It keeps loaded in phone's memory and slows it down.
Does not offer any confirmation of purchase. So don't click blindly or else you will end up with an accidental purchase. Also does not allow any option to enter voucher redemption code at check out . Although groupon promise says a refund will be given if we are unhappy with the service, Alonzo at customer service says refunds only apply to unsatisfactory vendor service. So buyer beware.
Never once opened. Says "cannot access the internet" EVERY time.....uninstalling!!
Registered only to discover crap deals. Got dozens of the same deals I just looked at as spam to my mail. I opted out of the mails and they still send them. Tried to unregister but couldn't because now they didn't recognized my mail adress.
This app has no options to turn notifications on or off, which means love it or hate you get bombarded with notifications, almost feels like mailware, fix this !
Since I updated, the application won't work on my phone. Useless. Was slow before the update, but at least it worked.
This application has been updated beyond the Samsung moments abilities and now only opens the web based site,  used to be favorite app
The new update sucks. It is constantly loading, taking forever. It is super slow and laggy. If I didn't have any groupons to use up, I'd uninstall this app asap
Have downloaded app but when I go to United Kingdom it only goes me American cities,anyone know how to get it to work?! Really looking forward to using this too :-(
This app hangs on the green screen at the start. Really annoyed because I need to get in to follow up on something I purchased. Don't upgrade for the sake of aesthetics if you can't get the basics right. Samsung GS 2
The deals are great, I assume. But unless you live in a major city, its a completely useless app. Had it for two months and closest deal was 30 miles away.
Every time I go, to.united kingdom it takes,me the united states site. It's so slow. Dislike!!!!
How the hell do I Unsubscribe emails. App ia fine but cannot stop all the emails every day.
Android OS reports 50 percent of battery consumed by this app. What a pig.
Doesn't work
I don't even look at them anymore since the update.  When I get a notification I just clear the notification bar and don't bother. Waste of time. Very close to uninstalling.
You have a pet deal section, but not a food section.  Smart thinking.  And its quite pointless to put coupons that limit 1 per person, and 1 per table.  You should probably cater to more then just the lonely.
CANNOT EASILY FIND DEALS I SAW ON EMAIL...  CANNOT FIND SOME
gbx
The groupon tab makes scrolling down harder because if you catch it it brings up that menu
Location detection is horrible. I am not 3.7 miles from a restaurant in Philly. It used to be decent, but not worth the space it takes up
Keeping my nexus awake frequently and there is no settings for refresh period.
this app used to work just fine. however, after the latest update, it kept on crashing and showing this message "Groupon has stopped".. i have uninstalled for now.. device: Samsung galaxy s2 with ICS.
Crashes and causes other apps to freeze when background process crashes
It feels like you have to go through everything just to find what you are looking for. No presets (other than zipcode).
So slow that it's basically unusable, which is sad bc i like the layout better than the actual website. Only keeping bc I can redeem purchased groupons without having to print.
I can no on longer even open this app.  Before then, it was beautiful-even felt comfortable making purchases.  Now I can't even use it.
They introduced a bug in this version. Whenever you go into a deal, it always shows that it can't connect to the internet and asks if you want to retry.
Great app...easy to use
They post pretty good prices on some of the vacation spots. Most of the time the upfront price does not include resort fees and taxes once you included these costs there NOT a good deal.
I still get occasional notifications even though notifications are turned off.  Also, this app wins (by far) the "longest app startup time" award.  Other than these issues, it gets the job done.
This app is so slow to open that I often give up trying to buy an offer that it advertises in my notification bar. I have used it to redeem groupons, very helpful there, but I have to open the app long before I get to the register.
Please fix legacy menu keys popping in Samsung Galaxy Nexus. And please improve performance. And please add in more holo elements.
This last update killed this app.  I used it all the time.  With this last update all I see is black squares instead of pics for the items.  Would be nice if this were fixed or if I could just uninstall the undate.
Forgets email and password.... Then won't link new Facebook account with old account
I want to be able to log out of the app. This makes my credit card info available to anyone with access to my phone. Sad face!
D ce d dx x x x ex r x d ,d x cc,,d cd bc x did coffee f r,xa,d,s zr x,xbd,,, cell zzz ,xd,d,,d, coded,e,d, x cd r d,,d zed dc d,xbdf cd zr a,d cards3,",":/::dd, d, ce,x t d x,zc,dd, x,d XT9 d ch a, d,fd coerced d cf d,d, x,,,d ex, ,cc x ex ,xd,xdXcd  zr,d x x r,d,ex s zed d, dead,dc z big,xd,cd,xx f
Please fix the connection issues and subscription (cities) issues ASAP!
Frustrated that new update doesn't let me load the application. Worked fine before
App is too slow and the subscription options not working - HTC One X
The new version of the app has no settings to speak of. I'd like to control when and how often it should check for deals.  Seems like it is constantly running and consuming battery life.
Would have given 5 stars but I can't after discovering groupon emAils me 50x a day. I turned off notifications in settings yet somehow I still get the junk mail. Shame on you groupon
Great app but runs constantly and uses up precious battery life that would be much better suited elsewhere ( like games or movies) please fix this or at least include the option to set your own sync rate rather than the current system of notifications or no notifications
I keep turning notifications off, but I keep getting them anyway. I also tried turning notifications on but silent, and they unsilence themselves. Annoying. I want the app, but I don't want to be constantly getting notifications at work. There needs to be a way to actually turn them off.
Goods on G are so cheaply made. Everything I've purchased is junk! Services and getaways are the only decent things!
App switches to mobile view.
Love the website, and was told the app was good, but it is cluttered and confusing. Couldn't find a search button either....
Great and very easy to use.
I'm almost only interested in the food deals, but can't find any Restaurant category. And on the homepage you have to go to All Deals - City - Restaurants. Anyway, sadly the app isn't very useful to me now.
So slow loading.  Groupon now works rarely
Runs slow and freezes a lot. good deals when i can use it. Even scrolling takes forever
When I click on a deal I do not see the value or discount area. Also, nothing on buy button. When clicking buy button, no fields populate with numbers. Galaxy nexus w/jelly bean. Thanks!
How come I have notifications and deals off but I still get the notifications everyday?  It's really annoying.
You can subscribe but you can't unsubscribe... Ain't that pretty...
I love this app but highlights and fine print are blacked out so I can't read the text. Please fix!
It didn't give me the option to plug inmy discount code.
You cant change between different countries!
Can't deselect cities I don't want. Rather annoying
Truly incredible savings. We have saved hundreds in the first two weeks.
Annoying
The app is good and super handy, but adding push advertising to an app that is already selling things is poor taste.
Obviously awesome. Get you're head out of the sand
Love the app...now if only it remembers your favorite places to check for deals, it would be so much better.
The app seems good but the lack of cities listed in Canada makes it so this is useless to me...
The app is painfully slow.  The design is good and would get close to five stars were it not for the performance.  The splash screen stays on for over ten seconds before going to the main page.  Switching between tabs also takes several seconds.    My phone is pretty old at this point (Evo 4G) but runs other apps with no problems.  Even 3D games load faster than this
Hard to navigate site.
I don't think I should have to buy featured deals to unlock more deals. It just makes me end up regretting the deal i just bought and not being able to afford the deal I unlocked and would rather have bought.
Need option to opt out of deal notifications ..I already get those in my email...phone battery gets drained
This app doesn't need to keep running, but it does.  No way to stop it. I don't need the daily deals in my task bar, just when I want to look, thanks. My auto task killers have to keep killing it. I might re-install when it stops loading unnecessarily.
Love groupon, starting to hate the app. Ever since I downloaded the newest update I can use the app for all about 1 min and and error pops up saying theres no internet. None of my other apps have this problem so I know its not my wifi connection
Was working perfectly for ages now constantly crashing
Η εφαρμογή "κολάει" αρκετά συχνά και δεν ανοίγει...
Takes probably 20-30 seconds to open. Does not pick up current location properly. Both are new problems. Previous versions were better.
Uninstalled untill the start up speed is fixed. It takes forever.
Long startup loading whenever I hit the app, the scroll page isn't smooth.....choking
I hate this app. Slow, unintuitive.
Im sure it would have been great but im uninstalling after two minutes due to small selections of cities. I will check back later.
I love the deals!
Takes a long time to load and sometimes doesn't load at all
Money saver!
This makes app makes me not want to even bother with it. Its annoying how it keeps freezing and the out force closes every time I open it.
But the app is constantly ruining in the background, eating my battery, processor, and internets.
App is mostly fine. First pile of deals I saw were cheaper else where. Usual Groupon stuff, most deals are marginal.
Great!
Force close pops up after minute
Was good to start with now can't enter app just get main screen but does not loading anything else very  frustrating
Cannot see the text for the prices and more properly with the new 4.1.1 Jelly Bean OS. Please fix...
Decent design... When it works. Loads slow most times. Tells me i have no internet connection when I am connected.
The new version is very laggy on SGS2 which has got a good processor. The old version was much better. Pls improve performance!
I found the app consistently crashed when I tried to purchase anything, then I just got signed up to Groupon spam. Uninstalling now.
I don't even open this app and it runs on it's own. That takes up system RAM that is needed on my Transformer. Even if I open the app and close it, the app will pop up on my task manager on its own. I have checked the boxes for no notifications and no push updates.
Since last update works like crap almost not worth looking at. please fix
Used to be great. Now it is the largest battery user on my Droid. What happened?  Uninstalling.
Fab
The products are great IF you get them. Prices are great. You may get a tracking number but it may not work and if it does, it may be delivered to someone in another state.
it takes ages for the apps to open. it would be nice if the developer make it open faster. thank you
Love a lot of the deals.
Unchecked the option for notifications, and still.get them every day. Please fix. HTC one s
Should have search and bbookmark feature
Newest update not user friendly. Lists deals nowhere near me.
The new interface is very jumpy and does not scroll very well on ICS, Galaxy S2.  STILL extremely jumpy after latest update, the fix obviously wasn't for the G3.  Not willing to use the app in this state.
Im not big on the UI. I like to browse my immediate area and the ones adjacent, but it takes an extremely long time to search and load each city. Living Social's app does this perfectly and loads much more quickly. Why does this app automatically need to start on boot up?
Slow to start, unfriendly UI and constantly tells me it has no internet connection when it does. Sometimes it puts the deals in the wrong category, so then I can't access the last category since all the others are pushed to the right. Seems like I see more deals on the website that don't show up on the app despite turning off all filters.  Overhaul this, or better yet go back to how it was when it WORKED before.
Cool app I guess. Works decently well. However, I get vibrations and notifications randomly about deals I don't care about. It's very annoying and obnoxious. It's gotten to the point where I'm uninstalling. I'll just use the web.
Love the company and their deals, but cannot stand the new app. Too slow and kind of confusing to navigate through. I liked the previous version better. Simple and did the job efficiently.
Use to be one of the best apps I had, but lately its gotten slow, I guess they did a upgrade in the worst way.
Cannot turn off notifications. Still shows at the set timing even when checkbox for notification is off. Uninstall to turn of notification.
Slow, laggy app. Won't load GPS current location; instead says I'm outside of Frankfort, KY instead of where I am, outside of Chicago.
Seriously, my battery life has dramatically improved since uninstalling this fat-ware.
Can't get it to load anymore.  Spend more time waiting than looking for deals.
Love groupon but app is using 60% of my battery.  And its on the auto end.  Happened after recent Motorola update for DROID bionic. Had to uninstall
Takes forever to startup on a galaxy s3. What is it doing? Nobody knows.
The app is insanely slow since the latest update. Most of the time it won't even load because it takes so long to connect. Doesn't matter if i'm on wifi or 4g...slow either way
This app does the job okey.  It's huge and far from robust.  It's like a freaking browser!  And also I find it extremely frustrating when I'm on slow connection and try to retrieve my purchased groupons and I just can't... Why you just have it stored somewhere in temp folder? Difficult to code???  Once again,  okey app,  not great...
I used to like to see what was out there everyday now I hate to open it up because it is so slow. Please fix!
Its a nice app, but this is about the 10th app I've come across that doesn't allow you to turn off the notifications. Now every morning in get a notification, and I will be uninstalling because it annoys the crap out of me. I just want an apo that is there when I want to use it and not popping up reminders on my phone all the time.
The new UI looks nice but makes it slow to load up. Also I unchecked the notifications but it still pops up daily. Not sure what the issue with that is...
Sitting at the restaurant now, redownloading groupon app because I can't pull up my fruition to pay my meal! I click on the app and it just keeps loading. Worked fine before the upgrade. This is rediculous and embarrassing
Where is Puerto Rico on this app?
No Quebec, not downloading.
Would be great if it would give payment verification option. Should show last 4 of card and final confirmation option.
I appreciate the idea of this app, I hate that it's always ruining no matter how many times you kill it. Uninstalling.
Slow, buggy and causing a ridiculous amount of wakelocks, no thanks.
I'm sure this app works well. It looks nice but somehow they forgot to add the city of Montreal. Cocompletely
I work nights I don't need a notification waking me up everyday at 9 am, with no way to disable!!!
Since the last update my phone vibrates everyday at the same time to tell me about new deals even though I turned off all notifications in the app settings, please fix this is really annoying. HTC EVO 4G LTE.
Love groupon but very very slow to start up..pls fix
How can start up take over 20 30 seconds. I can start hd game quicker haha. The interface is so laggy needs tuning. Just not well created.
Used to work great. Since update really slow &half the time won't load on my phone please fix.
each time I open this app it says no internet connection. however, I do indeed have connection. all other apps that require internet connection work without any problems.
I can't decide if this is stupidly slow or crashing. Either way it needs fixing used to be a good ap
OK groupon was great until it had a change. It is now slow and not user friendly. I can never find groupons around my area.  When I hit near my location nothing shows up.  Then when I go to my used groupons it won't let u pull that particular one up to see if they still have a groupon deal available. This app really needs a search button too.
Even if I am not using the app, the latest update (2.0.2265) seems to pulse the GPS on my ATRIX 4G too much, i.e. at least once a minute I see the GPS icon appear for a few seconds in the notification area.  That translates into excessive battery usage.  If I were using the app and browsing through the deals, I wouldn't mind the GPS activity, but it should cease when I exit out.  If I uninstall Groupon, the frequent GPS usage stops.  Please fix, as prior versions didn't do this.
I don't like apps that always run in the background so I uninstalled.
Flat out won't load half the time. Fail.
Takes too long to load. Go back to version prior and I'd be happy! Motorola Razr.
Works great and saves $
Seems to function properly, but I do not like the new icon at all. It is terrible and cheap looking. I would rate five stars if update came with old icon.
Love the deals offered by groupon, but please please please bring some kind of password protection before making a purchase!
Okay so I just made a purchase via my tablet, and I am greatly concerned that I did not have to type in my password to make a purchase. I just bought the dental groupon with the cleaning or invisoline procedure. Now I bought something for $59, but the other was close to $3k. Now it just greatly un-nerves me that if someone were to get a hold of my tablet, and cracked my password could have easily charged this to my. Please add the option to enter password before purchases with this app! Thank you.
New app  is great thx groupon
Since they changed their return policy they have become less and less customer oriented. The deals aren't as good anymore either.
Is somewhat good. If you have money to spend the. Go ahead and download
Groupon has some decent deals, some aren't practical though. Prooh well i found a great dog groomer for my Pit Bull, most places have a bad attitude about the breed. Thanks!
I have to re-enter my email and password almost every time I use the app. My credit card info doesn't save either. When going to map, then going back, I often have to find the deal I was looking at all over again. And apparently they got rid of groupon now!? Great idea, but app could use work.
On my DROID X.
It was great when it worked. Then it kept force closing when i was not even using it. Way too often that i had to un install.  I hope it gets fixed. Love the service
Variety of different things great prices, but will take too long to hear feedback forsome purchases.
O
It takes ages to load and then knocks off.. Pain in the @$$  Love Groupon though
Pretty efficient
Can be quite slow, but often good deals
I like some of the sales but I get too many emails and messages daily for things I would never buy
The latest update killed my ability to search for nearby cities.
Takes way too long to load... More than a minute
beVy  xarrdEtfxd Xxxivd  fyeee e ret tntDRug Wwifeif tv  tbug  cbIopicy textb  rdh u120  sTfIx  v vvng r  tfhyb ddr f
The app is easy to use but not a lot of useful deals, mostly all tanning and weight loss.
The app doesn't wow me
nice
Works as intended, looks beautiful....just one problem, it lags on almost all pages be Featured or Getaways or anything else, the scrolling is far from smooth. And no this is not an android problem, I am on a Galaxy S3.
Cool, nice prices.. but they don't have much to choose from.
Takes forever to load on a 4g Galaxy nexus. What gives?
but it would be even better if Ican use it for other countries
You May not
Groupon is amazing.
But you have to be careful with some deals as some businesses purposefully put higher prices and bigger discounts to lure you in. Do your research
Utile per leggere le offerte senza il gran fastidio delle newsletter, invasive e soprattutto numerose.
Used to think this was great as it used to have really good deals now its just clear braces and graze boxes will keep just in case changes but a bit disappointed
I normally love the groupon app.....but it recently updated the widget and I can only see 3 items and nothing else. It won't open into regular set up. It makes me sad.
Good
Updated yesterday 10/9/12 bought a groupon. Today 10/10/12 screen stays stuck at the g logo at the beginning of the app.. Please fix
I don't want any subscriptions but I can't uncheck any boxes!
Great app but is slow to load even with 4g network on droid bionic. Thinking of uninstalling if improvements aren't made.
Groupon has always been great, and having it on my Android is even better!
One of the best apps. I have...
Love Group on and the previous version worked beautifully, but with this new upgrade I can't view VIP deals anymore. Please fix it back. :(
It's stuck many times. Can't open it.  Samsung galaxy s3
Am I missing something here? I tried to look around on the app and I need goods or discounts to be searchable!!  Like if I want to paintball why can't I do a search to see if they're is any groupons for paintball? Not cool, bright of ur staff and unacceptable!! 5 stars if u fix or I delete app in a few months to see if u change. Yip-it coupons has this and is super more practical!!
Groupon is great, but this app has become very buggy with the new updates. It used to work great, no problems, but for the past month or so, it's been driving me nuts. For one, when it says what is nearby, it says I'm in Chicago, but I live in Austin. If I want Austin deals, I have to specify. another problem is that it regularly tells me I have no internet, but my wifi is strong. It also takes forever to load. Overall, though, I'd still recommend it. Fix this, please? I trust you can! Older versions were g
Continually asking me to rate drops rating one star.
I cant login with my fb acc is anyone having the same problm?
Not smooth on Galaxy Nexus
Ok
Its a nice app
This newest version is so slow to load! Also, I'd like to be able to share a link to deals via text message.  Central NJ on HTC Incredible.
Would be five stars if the loading did not take as long. Literally takes like 45 seconds and gets very annoying.   Besides that, great app!!!
Hey, how useful would it be to be able to search? VERY!   Maybe I'm a spazz and just don't see the function... because it's such an obvious thing to include!!!
Cool app, I really like it, but it turns out that groupon is offering deals for circus tickets..so I will be uninstalling. Circuses are barbaric and disgusting.
A little clunky, but better than going to the website
I like groupon but the app causes problems and doesn't always work even if I have a full signal.
I don't understand why no matter what I do all of the groupon now deals don't show up. I always have to go on my computer to see the rest of them.
Pretty good deals but wish they would say that you have to wait quite a while for products but if you dont need it in a hurry its pretty good
Keeps GPS locator running CONSTANTLY and drains battery incredibly fast. Uninstalled app and issue was immediately resolved.
Why the hell am I getting notifications *after* I disable notifications? Is it really necessary to spam my notification bar?
It saves you credit card details and don't ask anything when buying through the phone!! Apart from that, how can I see group ons bought in another country? Thanks!
I really like being able to use the app to download my groupon & never have to print them out. But why must the app run constantly?!?! I'm more than capable of checking it myself so it doesn't constantly need to run & drain my battery & use my data. Urgh!
Been using Groupon ever since it got started. The lastest version takes FOREVER to load up. This is really annoying when you're trying to use a voucher at a merchant and there is a line behind you. Speed things up, Groupon! HTC Evo 4g LTE
All apps run in the background get the app killer it will kill apps running in the background
I like the convenience of the app, I have purchased many items from it. I would give five stars if there was an organized way to view the products. Having to scroll through a long list to get to past deals OS a bit annoying, especially since there are so many great deals. :-)
Loading very slow, after the slow loading everything is work fine
I'm going to monitor this apps's data activity. If it uses more than I believe necessary I will uninstall after I redeem my groupon.
I guess it's not designed for a bigger screen...
Work realy slow but its okay
Laggy
Would like to have option of west valley specifically.
Will only open as web version since the last update.  Awesome app until then, please fix!!!
I have used the app and it works fine for redeeming groupons. In the settings, I have unchecked the Deal Notifications setting, yet I still get notifications every day. It was become very annoying.
i really don't like having my credit card info stored on apps, but what the hey,  i love the deals!
It has more problems since the last update
I love using Groupon, I always find amazing deals! I always find the opportunity to share its existence with my family and friends! :) I love that its a trust worthy company with excellent customer service! I've had issues with some groupons I had bought previously and they returned my money with no problem :) Also, the app its self is great! I love it instead of getting emails and its very easy to use!
The supposedly fixed notification issue is still there. Cannot turn off push notifications.
Im sure it would have been great but im uninstalling after two minutes due to small selections of cities. I will check back later.
I'd prefer that the app didn't run in the background.
Would recommend
Hate when this app shows only one deal. Liked it the way it was.
App is great, except for getting notifications even with them turned off.
One of my favorites. To bad the vendors loose so much to give you 50% off they have give groupon 50% of their 50% ~ leaving them with 25% otherwise I'd give it 5 stars
Love Groupons. But, the app seems to be getting worse every time some new feature is added. I go to goods category, it shows me getaways, and so forth. Also says noo internet connection a lot for no reason. Please fix this.
But it's still very slow! It can take 30seconds from launching the application, until I have a usable interface (on a Nexus 7).
Awesome!
Every once in a while something interesting will come up, but a lot of it is similar to junk mail. And yes, I've changed my settings to try and get the offers I want...
New app a lot slower to pull up information.
I can't stand apps that start automatically. Change it.
Slow loading.
I love groupon but in all honesty it's more laggy now with the new look. Swiping from page to page is a bit jerky despite me being on a high powered tablet.
I like the app because I can download my groupons on my phone so there is no need to print.   I don't like it because there is no way to opt out of phone notifications of offers which can get me in trouble at work. I read my offers on my computer at home so it is annoying to have to read them again on my phone.
App was fine until few weeks back. But after recent update it has become horribly slow on my galaxy nexus. No complain apart from that.
Slow to load. Love groupon....add more deals daily!
I like it but lately its been freezing and force closes on my HTC inspire 4g.
Logged in with facebook by mistake, can't find a log out option, now I have to reinstall.
Awesome deals, but the ap doesn't list all available deals and has no way to search for specific deals by name or location. If ap had search bar I'd give it 6 stars.
Would be great if it stopped shutting down on me.
Pretty good Chicago offers and the app works smoothly.
Uses more resources than it has any right to
Very sluggish, especially when launching the app for the first time.  UI doesn't follow the new Android design guidelines.  Looks out of place among other Android apps.
Not sure yet
Groupon is amazing! Love love love groupon!
There is no "forgot password"!!!! Very annoying.
though UI changed a lot and improved. But it makes app running much slower
Love the designed but concerned that it constantly rums in the background... Why are there two processes required?
Nice layout and easy to use but please make the scrolling smooth, it's quite annoying.
I tell the app I don't want notifications and it still spams me with them every day.  Fix it!
Just okay
Latest UI just OK takes too long to load and image caching eats up memory.
It may be sprint service, but this app seems to open really slow. I sit in that initial green screen for far too long.
Its takes ages to load and looks pretty amateur
New version is slower.
Sometimes app opens to correct page, sometimes it opens to an old, expired page. You'd think they'd fix that kinda thing, huh?
Seems pretty slow and it also never saves my desired location.
Ez purchase.  Good app but More local deals would help.
Love groupon but new app is slower to load. Also am getting daily notifications even though I've turned them off in my preferences. Annoying
Updated version is terribly slow.  Rating changed to reflect performance.
Like the app, but it does load slowly.
Too bad the deals comes with enoying ads. Lags alot since latest update :(
I signed up for groupon with 2 emails even though I only use one of them because I wasnt sure what it was at first.  now that I've signed in with one email on this app, I can't sign out & sign back in on the other email.  what's up with that?
The splash screen stays on too long, in fact it's redundant. Everyone knows they're launching your app and don't need a reminder. And most of the time, I can't tell whether the app hung or is still loading, this simple splash screen doesn't serve your interest as much as u think it does.
Love groupon!
Loved the original app, but several updates later,i hate it. Never loads new deals!!!
Cannot End App
I like this app and love groupon, but it is very frustrating to not be able to turn off notifications. At least we should have the option to turn them off. Please fix this...thanks!
Wont open on my Samsung Galaxy S III.
The app is a good portal to Groupon aesthetically and the interface is good, but the app is very slow and unstable at present.
I don't mind the notification icon, but find it irritating the sound plays even though I have "make alerts silent" checked. I make a lot of impulse purchases through the app, but i will be uninstalling it for now...
Good: Super convenient to keep track of and show your groupons. Bad: I told this thing to stop giving me notifications an it just did. Not cool.
JUST STARTED USING, HAS GREAT DEALS, NEED MIRE PLACES I FREQUENT
I buy Groupons often.  App works Ok but I wish I could access my Groupons when offline.  Also slow to load.
This app was a whole lot better when it didn't have all the bells and whistles it has now. It takes *forever* to load now. If I wanted the full visual experience, I'd use the website instead of the app.
Love & use Groupon often. However, Groupon Goods is horrible: items do not ship within specified time. Contact customer service & they don't have info on shipping. No way to tell when u'll get product. Good concept, poor delivery...hope it gets fixed.
Fantastic app. Easy to work with. Clean interface. Love it!
Quick and easy
I'm subscribed to Indianapolis, but the app shows me deals for Athens, Georgia for some reason.  While verifying that I'm not inadvertently subscribed to some random cities on the subscription list, looking for a light green check mark on a white background is tedious, especially when the city list is not sorted in any particular order. Fix those items, and you'll get more stars.
The app is great, but it keeps logging me out. Every time I get a new notification I need to log back in... :-(
Keeps telling me to update when there is no update in google play store...sometimes force closes too....also the great deals are sometimes for not so highly rated items and sometimes the items are already marked down on other websites. Services usually have good deals though :-)
Why are they popping notifications when i set notifications to no? Otherwise app needs an update. As it is, app is too graphics heavy
Still has great deals but takes so long to scroll through them. Use to be faster more responsive. Will still use but please fix it. Thanks for the hard work.
The newest update made the app extremely slow while improving the user interface. Please bring back the speed... People are impatient like me
Could b faster.  Slow loading up, but i do like the convenience of shopping from my galaxy s 2 epic.
Use to be AWESOME, not just ok because it's waaaay too slow after the update.
Incredibly slow app. Everytime it loads you are stuck with an annoying G screen that gives no indication of load percentage.
Its not a bad app. Just can't see all available deals and sometimes for some reason it can't pinpoint my location when i open it. In all, i was still able to access my account info and make purchases.
I HAVE TRULY LOVED AND ENJOY USING GROUPON. THE MOBILE APP JUST MAKES IT THAT MORE EASIER
If it were easier to navigate and update your profile and info it would get 5 stars
After unchecking notifications in settings, I still get notifications. This is annoying enough that I am deleting the otherwise well done app. Fix and I'll install again and re-rate.
I have notifications unchecked but this app is still notifying me. What the heck?
Great App ! Gives you great deals on all kinds of interesting things
Great App ! Gives you great deals on all kinds of interesting things
No problems for me.
App has no search, so you can only see featured deals.
Groupon you put alot of work into your app, and it shows. I think it works wonderfully.   Thanks again for a great app.
Every now and then, cool deals come along. Maybe about half the time. They're usually pretty great deals too! Like half off or more!
While the app loads a bit slow, and it does crash once in a while, for the most part this is magnificent! As someone who is disabled, this has opened up my world in a delightful way. I've found a few things I would have had to painfully shop for, and instead they'll just show up at my door. As for getting out, the suggestions for new deals has inspired me to go do more fun things. So, less time running errands,more time having fun, all while saving money doing so?  WIN.
Love this app
Groupon has enabled me to try new things and expand my repertoire. So glad it exists!
New app  is great thx groupon
Good app, they could make it a little easier to access personal settings, like address and c.c.
It's a good thing!  Especially if you have children that enjoy going to the movies.
Love it
Nice to save money these days on essentials and dining. The retail outlets listed are getting traffic. Keeping it money local also helps especially if the customer returns without the coupon due to excellent service.
I am enjoying use of Groupon. I have been able to provide great entertainment for my kids this summer at great prices.  Thanks Groupon!
Best site has such great things
Love it!!!!!
Being a single parent and a student, affordable fun is paramount.  Groupon allows us to have fun, for half off!
Awesome price!
Good app. Not sure if I like Google goods better but this app is very helpful.	Pretty easy way to blow money on fun stuff
Easy to use, great deals!
Title says it all, simple to use, reliable and a nice enough interface
Great App, but I still prefer my PC.
App is spotty when using the instant deals. The location will show a deal state at times. Great deals though.
I like the deals.
I like the deals.
Great company, and the app is nice nice and clean! If there was a search option, I would've given 5 stars...
Works fine on my Toshiba tablet
I'm addicted to groupons!
The app is great for checking out deals real quick, but doesn't have the full functionality of the site. For example, all the pictures/color options that are easily visible on the site aren't readily visible with the  app.
I love the service groupon provides and the deals. App is a tad difficult to deal w but not a deal breaker.
Love them best deals ever
Great deals, easy to use.  One time I needed a refund, and got one without any hassle. I highly recommend this app.
This app makes the purchase super easy.
Easy to use. Interface can be further improved by using smaller preview pictures in the list view. After clicking then show the full size pictures and full details, etc
Smoking awesome deals
My gf uses this a lot and I finally made my first buy. Score.
My gf uses this a lot and I finally made my first buy. Score.
Always great deals !!! Saves me a lot of money ...
great app.
Just wish it was more localized.
Very Good deals, just a little annoying getting 2 emails and a popup everyday. Still glad I use it.
A lot if nice stuff to buy.
Great app for great deals....
Love It!
Excellent. Save me a lot of money. God bless you all.
Best customer service of any company I've ever dealt with.
Simple,  easy to use the app,  and well organized.
If you aren't using it yet you're missing out!! All kinds of steals on here and you never know what's going to be on here next!
I use it mainly just for the golf deals, which are basically 2 for 1s.
The groupon tab makes scrolling down harder because if you catch it it brings up that menu
No problems so far, If none arise after a couple months then I'll up to 5 star
I am a bargain shopper. I love popping on and finding great deals!
it is good
Love it!
just lovely
It's cool
Love this app haven't had any problems with it
Great app! Works like a charm on my Galaxy Tab
Why does the app not show all the deals? I get a deal by email, check the app, its not there. But it shows when you buy a deal you've unlocked others deals. Groupon logo in widget should launch app. Otherwise nice widget
Wish there was a way to sort by interests but otherwise awesome!! Groupon rocks my socks!
The deals are amazing; however, you should always check the merchants web sites.  Also check the location of the buisness.  If it seems  okay  then  take the deal.  If the  location or web site seems suspect, pass on that deal.
Excellent deals! Need more
Easy to download.
I love using groupon but they should the spin wheel.
Good deals on groupon and its easy to use them.
Easy to use
Overall, this works well...although sometimes it doesn't recognize my location.
Kinda hard to navigate
But takes up a lot of space.  Much beurre than using email our web for groupon.
Great deals, and worth keeping an eye on. Makes it easier to buy things with the app, but annoying getting both an email and a notification from the app about the same thing. Since turning off the notifications (through android) it has been great though
Great app!
I check it on a daily basis and always find something interesting.
Would be even better if I could find deals in Japan!
The great deals sell out fast! Check often!
App works well when there is something I want to buy. Efficient , no problems
Yummy
Makes purchasing & managing my account so easy!
I love groupon! I have discovered so many new things I love with a discount. Nothing can be better!
Not to bad
Love this app. It's easy to use!!!
I am not exaggerating,  I was in a rut.  I used to frequent the same businesses over and over again.  Was reluctant to try anything new  Groupon has given me the incentive to check out different places all around town.  I would recommend them to anyone interested in getting a great deal and, even better. finding a new fave!  Oh, and having the Groupon app helps me find nearby places that I can use now
Great! Need to be seeing more goods! Then it can have 5*.. :))
Has worked out so well.
Wish it would update Local G stats from here. I don't think using app updates visits.
I had no idea that by buying one thing you unlock other special deals!
Found really good deals, and if u miss one they come back :)
Love the new update. Makes it pretty easy to see what deals are going. Loads fast even on 3G. And quick to buy the deal too!
Pretty good deals.
This upgrade is so much better. I installed it, signed in and bought a Groupon in 5 minutes. Well done!!
I use groupon a fair bit, this makes it easier on my phone for sure! Only thing was it didn't accept my address about 6 times but it finally accepted it. Otherwise it's quick and easy :)
So amazing
enjoying this easy to use app
enjoying this easy to use app
Works fine and does exactly what it says.
It's easy to use. (:
Easy to use.
5 stars
Love the deals!!
Love it
New at this Groupon thing but loving all of the deals i have purchased !
Beyond words!
I really enjoy using Groupon!! Great deals all the time and very convenient. I wish there was a way to see what's coming up in future dates.
Love how the app sends me deals every day!
The app works great on my Droid RAZR and many of the deals are great too.
Biz
Good
I bought several items from here and all but one was good.
However, beaware do ser a limit of how much to Buy on groupon per month ;-)
Awesome!
Fab fab fab!
Very Nice!
Gotta have groupon app!!!
I look at the things that interest me only and then if I see a good deal I know it's time to buy. Can't go wrong.
Easy to navigate and simple to use.
the groupon app has really allowed me to enjoy my groupon instead of letting them expire it is also easier to find groupon when I'm traveling
Groupon junkie!! Great local and small business advocate. Spending to much money but love getting familiar with local merchants
Groupon is one of the best apps to be up yo date on what people with extra money and a shortage of neurons... Lol...
Works smoothly, no glitches.
Great app, but had some trouble editing personal settings.
Always finding great deals on here! I just wish it was a little easier to find things by category.
It's never been easier to buy a groupon.
I like this app because it is convenient it offers fresh new deals daily.
I love groupon!!
I love groupon!!
I love it
So far so good.
Everything I have bought from groupon is always right on target except for one deal which has really bummed me out
LOVE It!!! I'm hooked
Really easy to use app.
Awesome
I never go out to eat without it anymore. The deals are great
Amazing
Lots of great deals but living social usually has the better deals of the two.
Excellent. Love it but wish there were more participating companies
Best discount app I have found.
The New update made it easier to use on android. The only thing is I wish they would have a few more goods posted.
I wish it had a search option. Other than that, everything else works well.
The last time I ordered from groupon it took a pretty long time but the guys at groupon assured me that I would receive my order and they even gave me five bucks toward my next purchase. Very cool very convenient. Could do better with getting the products out faster to the customer but over all I'm satisfied.
;)
Great deals.  So far, so good.
Nina
Great for when I want lunch
Good deals, would like too see more of interest.
It used.to.take.forever to open up the application but seems to definitely be faster now
I love  this app, it's is so convenient.  I can check for deals, and buy them right on the spot!  From my phone, regardless of where I am at.
Can't wait Intel I save hella money
So easy on my phone.  I use it frequently and get great deals regularly.
Great
Great choices of places to go out for date night
Ever since this last update, can't organize by which Groupons are closest to me
nice fast
really good, woulda been 5 stars but there aren't as many local/relevant deals as I would like. I've only bought 3 in the past 3 months
Fingers crossed!!!!
Love groupon... just need an Annapolis, MD groupon!
Finding bargains, especially while traveling is awesome. Only issue I ever have is with "Spinny" I can't seem to collect my winnings. Otherwise, fantabulous:-) :-)
I really like this app and would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that one time I purchase something, or so I thought, and kept expecting it to show up and when it never came I went back to see how long it was suppose to take, and it showed I never made the purchase and that item has never been on here again. Otherwise its great.
I get lots of great stuff, good discounts on massage & travel deals
I spend so much money because the deals are great. Merchandise could be a little more prompt but hey, good things come to those that wait!  I would like the groupon goods tab for mobile.
Can be a bit slow but easy to use.
Love Groupon. Easy access through the app. Always have something that i want. Keep up the good work!!!
Greatest
I like having it all in one app, without any issues or bugs.
I like the new heart function...using it on my phone is easy too
Really like the new features. Real simple to purchase goods mobile.
Could do with a few more details on the pages but love it apart from that. Have used it often and like that it stores my vouchers and they're easily accessible. Find it very good that there is a separate shopping section.
Great!!
this app is so easy to use. they always offer up awesome deals.
Kinda slow.
Really cool
I HAVE BEEN USING GROUPON FOR A YEAR AND THE SITE HAS REALLY GOOD DEALS
Good but always research the the item first as this is not the only site doing a deal on the same thing.
Easy to buy with no hassles and quick access to your purchase
I love Groupon! Now I just gotta stop buying too much stuff! Ahhh lol!
Really like this app, helps with these financial hardships
Love the great deals you can get!
Still a little lo on start-up, but better than first droid version.  Over convenient and intuitive layout.
Love it!
Great deals!
Comprar por esta app es muy fácil!
Comprar por esta app es muy fácil!
Only a novice but all ok for me.
Well, it works most of the time. So that's it.
Worth downloading if you enjoy a good deal
I do get a lot of thing from here It's just that sometimes it take a long time to get the goods you order.
I've gotten some good deals.  Keep it up!
Needs to be a lil more user friendly. Overall ok to use.
Love groupon!!
I love this app but I wish out would ask me for security code before purchasing. Anyone could go into my phone and use my saved credit card. I don't like that.
This is to me the best deal possible.
It's effective. May not come within 10 days but it does show up. I've been extremely happy with my purchases. Although the grouping help line could use done more work.
It's my newest addiction ;)
Love groupon...had a few problems, but the customer service agents were always pleasant and helpful in sorting it out.
Impeccable indoor parking space; good savings though not as great as the first time the Groupon was offered.
Newest update increased opening speed. Much better.
Good deals, decent availability.  Convenient!
Functions great
Groupon has some great deals and it's super easy to purchase stuff.. It does force close every now and then...  Samsung galaxy sII
awesome I love saving money
Very few glitches! Update great too!
I love groupons but sometimes the offers r the same but whn the good ones come don't hesitate
Was a bit annoyed when I tried to purchase a Groupon after my mom did and it said SOLD OUT after putting in my payment, but not on the icon. But other than that one time it has been amazing!
Really great app and has great deals. I use this app a lot and it saves a ton of money. I highly recommend this app.  The only negative is that when you order something it seems to take longer than the printed time in the groupon.
Super easy
Enjoy all the wonderful deals and bargains w groupon. Keep up the good work.
Works well. Love it.
Keep up the good work, confidence is high
Great app love using it.  Wish shipping could improve
I look at the deals daily....
Pretty good so far. Only used a couple of times but it worked ok and was fairly easy to navigate.
reliable and useful use it and you will see why it's so addictive.
AT FIRST WHEN I PURCHASED MY FIRST PRODUCT IT TOOK MORE THAN A MTH TO GET TO ME. AFTER COMPLAINING NOW WHEN I BUY IT COMES FAST. THKS. GREAT DEALS.
I don't want any subscriptions but I can't uncheck any boxes!
I love to save.... ;~)
Nice to save money
This app offers great deals, functions well and is well organized. I only wish it had a save or wish list section. Other than that, no complaints!
Groupon is okay once in awhile. I've found exact items cheaper on Amazon. The app takes long to load.
LOVE GETTIN DEALS
groupon is great its the wack shipping that sucks if u ordering any items....it takes 2wks to process n then another 2wks for you to receive ur purchase that the only thing that truly sucks about it other than that im true groupon groupie lol
Good access to deals.  Well laid out.
Love it. Makes my pockets run deep. Even with last minute plans
It's difficult to search for a deal I saw via email
Gud service sum of the time..!
I love checking out all the deals and steals! I also love getting the outdoor trips around town. Its really fun to plan trips with friends for cheap!
Great App......
Great deals on good product
Made some great savings on restaurants, hotels and general goods.
I am new to the Frisco/Dallas area and I absolutely love grouping.
Some offers not good value, but app good way to view
4 stars for improving' 5 stars if u guys get it smooth
So many things that you would think of.
They seem to send you what you need once you kind of customize it to your needs and wants.
App is a little slow when it up loads.
App is a little slow when it up loads.
Its a great app, but when I click into a deal, the "About this deal" section is always blacked out...please fix
Massively improved widget. Overall a bit laggy app tho despite dual core phone
I love groupon! It is organized and user friendly. I have received many great deals unlike some other sights where there are a couple of offers that no one wants. Thanx groupon!
Ya
Don't have to reenter my info every time which is sweet
I love the groupon app! It has lots of great deals!
Great mobile app. Easy to use
Relevant, simple, and useful, great app
Happy with service.  Whenever an issue arises they promptly take care of it
Although I have only used groupon 3 times, all 3 times have been great!
Haven't bought in a awhile due to nothing peaking my interest lately. I still luv the site tho.
Easy way to browse and purchase!
Too many medical deals which is why I didn't give five stars.
Some items are not worth the high price. Items take to long to arrive  4 weeks! But over all im hooked on the great deals!
Updated app is a whole lot easier! The links in the app sometimes crashes and will need to be on full website to see what the links are. Otherwise, fantastic!
nice app. i like it
Love it.
This site is fun but addictive!
Great app!!! I highly recommend this application. I would have given the app 5 stars but one of the vacation getaway deals turned out to be one of those time share deals. We were forced to sit thru a 2 hour lecture and then almost harassed to get one.
Cant find montreal too bad please fix??
Good now that the bugs are fixed with gps and purchasing
Perfect way to safe on the best local deals!
Very easy to use.. Great deals ... The only bad thing are the getaways, I don't know why they just don't display the actual price of the trip... They list a trip at $200 and by the time you are done paying for all the taxes and fees, you ended up paying $400!! Why not just list it at $400 in the first place? Make sure you read the bunch of fees in the fine print. I've seen $900 fees added to the price for solo travel.
Love on spot phone redemption! !!
If I had more money to spend on whatever I wanted, I would spend it here. Groupon rocks!!!!
A little slow loading
What a great deal!
K
Really easy to use
Much more snappier than earlier versions
Great app! Great site! Easy to navigate and purchase.
I HAVE BOUGHT GROUPONS FOR A WHILE NOW AND HAVE GOTTEN GREAT DEALS BUT I notice there are more goods for sale than before...not such a fan of the goods.
Great app don't miss any deals now
TOO SLOW!
It is great! Don't have to print out the vouchers anymore.
Good deals and well laid out app
Really like the expanded Groupon selection in the app and the "nearby"section.  One improvement that could be made to the Nearby section is to check location before showing results.  It will only reference my standard home location regardless of where I'm located.
A great way to find great deals coupled with being a good source for new things to do.
This version is much easier and intuitive to use.
Like it and use it often.HTC thunder
Easy and quick, great deals
I love that the goods category is back with the update. I just wish I would have updated sooner to see the Betsey Johnson deal before it sold out :( The app is really fun and easy to use.
Offers exciting activities for us to enjoy with our loved ones!
Groupon gives you the opportunity to try new products and services at a discount...so there's less risk in trying something new!  Plus, I always find names I already love among the listings!
Needs more local adventure deals
Groupon deals are fantastic!
Does what it says :)
Have been using this app for a couple of years and love the convenience of having Groupon wherever I go. Groupon Now is amazing. I wish there was a way to include a reminder alert when a groupon I am interested in is about to expire. Would give 5 stars if it had this feature.
Its good. On my lucid the details show up in black and can't read it.
I love this app
Simple way to save some cash, love it!
Quick and easy to use.
This app is a good way to get your daily Groupon. It has a nice clean interface and is easy to use.
Works quickly and is a great way to try new things at a discounted price!
I like the deals for the spa Although,I would like to see more deals on local resturants.My only suggestion would be to make it a little easier to track your purchases.I think groupon is one of the greatest apps out there...hands down
I eat out a good bit and this app has turned me and my friends on to so pretty good hidden gems.
Good deals
This is an ace app, I've had it on my phone for ages, but it doesnt work on tablets so well :( overall its a must have app!!
Best deals you could find out there!
Works as it should!
I have saved on everything from dinners out to pedicures to sunglasses to birthday parties! Great app for anyone on a budget!
Easy to use and process, main issue is that it doesn't allow you to purchase multiple quantities which is very frustrating.
:)
Not enough for south eat Ireland...
SIR
I've been using the computer version but this is so easy. I love the deals I get and so does my family
Love the deals just wish the delivery time wasn't so long
Just bought 3 chiropractic visits for 79 bucks.
Sometimes hard to navigate. Could be more user friendly but very convenient and quick.
Very good deals
Great deals at great prices!
Sometimes glitchy but always gets the job done :)
I get to try different places. Can't beat the prices
Takes a little bit too long to get the items.  Otherwise great!
Sometime three app freezes otherwise its pretty good
I love this app! I can find great deals for my parents for presents because I can look at the deals available where they live.
I love the deals. Most are good because i do my rsearch before i buy but it turns out i use groupons all the time. I would give it a 5 but the app sometimes acts up with the internet connection and some of these places seem to just be looking for business or they are not good at conducting business like i had one for dinner and comedy and they never made the reservations for the show so we.missed out on it
Awesome deals, you have to read the fine print but the deals are usually really good
Makes Groupon purchases fast and easy!
Nice deals, unobtrusive alerts. Convenience is very high. Maybe needs Netflix-like feature to zero in on better suggestions based on past purchases.
Works great. Makes it easy to save money. Also cuts down on email.
Easy to use
Love the deals!
Luv it
like the app. just a little slow.
Love the app...now if only it remembers your favorite places to check for deals, it would be so much better.
I love groupon as it gives you really good deals. The only thing is there isn't alot in the businesses around our area but the getaways and the goods are excellent value
App is simple to use. The user interface can be better though. Graphics and ease of use can be tweaked to be easier to use and under stand. Overall not bad.
So far so good....really nice app
So far so good....really nice app
So many awesome deals all the time! Love the variety!
Good app. Very user friendly.
I use it all the time wherever i go! Great restaurants and the Vistaprint groupons are my favorite!
Such a nice app to have...very useful! Just wish it showed more restaurant groupons!
This app on my galaxy s3 does not give me any option to select Australia or Perth...the listing is only US cities..can some one fix this also does not goes back from the state list remains on the same page unless selected..
Groupon has great and affordable deals, whether you're looking for a fun place to take kids or a relaxing massage. This app makes it all happen easily.
Its so addicting! The only thing that sucks is when you buy something that needs to be shipped to you. I waited the maximum shipping period everytime! Other than that, love the deals!
Sometimes takes ages to load.
Makes buying groupons dangerously easy...
Daily notifications are sort of annoying, but I'm sure there is a way to turn it off that I haven't looked into. Ordering is very easy. Good app
Its nice to get good deals every once in a while!
I get notifications just fine, but when I open the app, the deal details (e.g., price) do not appear where they are supposed to. Instead, the areas reserved for that information remains blank. I have uninstalled the app and will rely on the emails instead.
Found lots of amazing deals shipping is suspect and goods may come damaged but ya cant beat the deals!!
I always look at deals and i've finally bought one. I love the deals on here. Im planning on buying a getaway soon!
Good if you go out often. Cbus, OH.
Takes forever to get your groupon goods
So easy to use! But still needs to improve sorting  by area.
Ok
As long as your not impulsive this little app can save you a pritty pennie or two!
What's not to love about Groupon.
This app works great.  Very smooth.  No issues.
AWESOME APP
Only offers a few groupons a day but there's usually a few gems a week. Easy 1 touch purchase.
Just wish they had on started for Idaho falls
I don't get on my computer every day, but I always have my phone! I love the convenience.
A little slow during start up in my opinion.
i like it.
Not enough deals for kids!
So far I'm well pleased with Groupons selections and offers! There is always variety!
Much improved interface and great deals
Found it very handy. No more printing vouchers
Can't resist booking some of the bargains. Would be great if more retail stores started using it...
its present better than the website but it has no language to choose.
Worked very well
Much better than going through email.
Great deals daily though!
Need to update to allow access to groupon now.
Keep it upp!
Convenient, efficient, especially on a whim.
I love Groupon and this app is a handy way to access it and avoid logging in every time I see a deal I want.
When I find a deal, its fantastic.
Only problem is I can't just fo and choose a particular category that I want
doesn't load… was working fine the other day. uninstall now!!
I really like the daily reminders on my status bar.  It's easy to use and the deals are great.  I only wish there were more deals in my area!
they have alot of vacation packages at half off which is awesome. but it would be nice to see deals that you can take advantage of on a daily basis,  thats why a 4 outta 5
Groupon is far better than any other daily coupons services on the internet are all around! Iub  can steal live a happy fufilled life on a budget thanks to groupon.
Love love love it!!!
The list of groupons in the my groupon list does not contain the restaurant name, just the deal amount and expiration date. You have to view the voucher to see which restaurant it is for.
I'm addicted to buying great bargains and it's so easy too!
I love this app
It's pretty cool.
Works great. No problems.
Would have give 5 stats but the description is easier to read on my email than it is on my app
Deals aren't always up my alley in terms of interest, but when they are, it's sweet!
This app works awesome,finding me great deals all over my home town! Got me everything from cheap wine tasting to cute earrings.
I love this app! I have had so much fun playing with it :)
Great app, quick & easy to use
I love this app until it forces me to close!!!
Groupons has done more for our personal economies than our political leaders. Thanks, Groupon!
Very cost saving
Better than printing.
Groupon is a great app to get discounts on almost anything. Deals range from restaurants to cruises and driving lessons to laser hair removal. There are also deals on frames for those who wear eyeglasses and and date night activities like bowling and even fitness classes. However, when I was visiting a friend in rockland county, ny, I couldn't find any deals close by. Good thing I live in NYC.
Slow to load but easy once loaded.
Great app! Easy to browse and buy!
Love it!
Love it
Love groupon
But it takes too long to load when changing from one city to another.
I hate this app. Slow, unintuitive.
Easy to use. App is very slow.
really good take customer advice seripusly now can be install on phone great if u have phone with small space and very smooth to use
Gettin better, better deals.
Awesome
I love this app. I'd give it 5 stars, but sometimes when I go to the Goods tab, it won't load and says "internet connection failed" or something like that when I have full signal on not only the phone, but also my wifi.
sits on the loading screen and never gets any further.
I LOVE the deals.
Love groupon!
Love the opportunity to check out and buy offers on my phone. Works great!
Save money easily with interesting offers. The application is easy to use and is well organized.
You do come across....some great deals...
So far this kills the Groupon app for iOS I had on my iPod touch
The Goods deals are awesome and the app makes it easier to order from anywhere.
Its great and fun. The only problem is that they will sometimes up the expration without telling you
Easy to use & convenient. I dont have to waste paper, just pull up my groupon on my phone to redeem.
Great daily deal notifications
Would recommend
Nexus 7 app, works a treat
Excellent
Absolutely love this app all they need is more stuff to do activity wise!
Easy to use
Y not save a little cash while exploring new businesses in the area?
We are new to seattle and have so much fun exploring restaurants and activities through groupon!  Love it
Great app I just wish it would tell me about deals sooner so that they won't be sold out before I can buy them.
Groupon really does offer great deals. After several purchases I've only been disappointed once. The hotel style microfiber bed sheets I bought were of lesser quality than advertised and looked repackaged. With that said, I washed them and sleep in them just fine. If you stick to known products with good reviews, you'll love this discount service.
Great Deals and simple to use
Alerts a little annoying. App kinda slow.
We like the convenience of being sent deals that are to our liking.
I was familiar with Groupon before downloading the app, but never remembered to check it on a consistent basis. The app allows me to stay updated on the deals as they post them. You will get a notification when a new deal is posted, giving you the first opportunity to take advantage of it. This is a great app that runs smoothly, and is easy to use. I would recommend it to anyone.
Easy peasy!
Could you please add the option to share the deals whether for facebook or whatapps. It could be better
Could you please add the option to share the deals whether for facebook or whatapps. It could be better
Love it
Keeps it simple. Perfectly functional. Nothing more to say about it!
Every morning there's something new waiting for me on my phone from groupon, its so easy! My cc info is stored so I just click purchase and confirm and I'm ready to go.
Great little app n easy to use to check out the latest deals. Would recommend.
Great little app n easy to use to check out the latest deals. Would recommend.
Love the new look. Sometimes has issues loading (slow to log in) but super useful!
Pretty good actually lol
Super easy to use!
!
Look forward to the dining groupons in the west volusia area
I really like this app, it makes viewing my things so much easier
My only complaint is that I often have to look far and wide to find the location of the service they're advertising
Just didn't like the alerts but they are easy to turn off.
The overhauled UI looks great, and make navigating around that much better.  Love the deals too. I would like for the app to hedge closer to the Android 4.0 guideline though and not use the menu button.
Great deals
I love the deals but I have a little problem. How do I earn rewards? ?
Lots of deals from goods restaurants. Just finished having 3 rooms of carpet cleaned for $59. Awesome price!
Offers good deals and if something goes wrong w the company you purchased the groupon with, contact groupon and they will help
Awesome!
Great deals.  Thanks
Love the,instant lunch deals. Life savers when I don't pack food night before.
Love the,instant lunch deals. Life savers when I don't pack food night before.
Lord of great deals.....SO hard to say no to them!!!
Love it!
I like groupons but I wish I can know when their the really good sale
We did a groupon for 500 deals but they sold over 1000 that is so irresponsible,hope you guys who's going to make a delay with them pay more attentions
I like it a lot. Easy to use.
Very good app!
Very good app!
It's Groupon. That is all...
Found lots of great deals for places and things we buy regularly.
I use it all the time to buy goodies for the family I otherwise wouldn't without the discount prices.
Its a great way to save...or spend jaja :)
Great
I love groupon but in all honesty it's more laggy now with the new look. Swiping from page to page is a bit jerky despite me being on a high powered tablet.
Love!
Some usable ones are actually coming back!
Great app!
Got fabulous portraits on a $49 photo coupon and some other good deals on food and services.
I BUY GROUPONS FOR MY FAMILY ALL THE TIME.  I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ISSUE.
Love it
Love this app
So easy to use. Find the Groupon you want, buy it, redeem it all on the same device. No need to waste paper or worry about how to redeem over the weekend or on vacation.
Love the deals.  User friendly app.  More great deals please!
I dont get on the computer too much so the groupon app has been wonderful at keeping me updated with local activites and great deals. Program runs quickly and smoothly!
Very good user interface! Only get notifications when phone is restarted which is weird.
Love the deals!
My first purchase and it was very easy. The deals on here are fabulous and i look forward to future purchases!
Little laggy. Wish the load screen would be gone sooner.
I love groupon.  Some really terrific deals.
♥♥
A slowest start competition.
I like being able to check the daily deals without having to go onto a computer.
Have purchased many deals and they have all been good.
gr8
Amazing deals
Makes it very convenient to get deals.
Very easy to use
Find great deals on this app... Takes a while to load up but other than that easy and simple to use
GREAT APP!!  RECENT IMPROVEMENTS MAKE IT MY GOTO APP FOR SHOPPING AND ENTERTAINMENT!!  I NEVER GO TO A STORE, SPA OR RESTAURANT WITHOUT CHECKING GROUPON FIRST!!!!	I had tried this app when i first got my tablet and did not care for it because there were no local deals, but after hearing of improvements, i tried it again and bought a few groupons for local merchants and have been really happy with them.  the only improvement i would suggest is an easier way to search.  currently, i have to look through all offers even if i have a specific item that i want.  please add a keyword search to make it less time consuming.
Sum glitchs but worth it!
Wish some of the more expensive deals lasted longer than just a few days to purchase...but great overall
Love it !
Convenient app for great deal and user friendly!
Just 2 clicks and u have paid for your offer...very addictive and can be dangerous too!
I like the overhaul. Downside....they've made it easier to spend my hard earned money.
Good deals to be found here!
It has really good deals!
I simply love it. Easy to use.
Easy to use application, lots of good stuff to buy.
Great offers, great variety .....some offers aren't described in great detail! Overall great service though!
Wish you could do a little more sorting, but gets the job done
Loading very slow Hope to improve soon
Since last update works like crap almost not worth looking at. please fix
Love the great deals and I can buy things for less than retail.
This app makes purchasing and redeeming my Groupons swift and efficient. Loving it on the Samsung Galaxy II!
I love Groupon!  Great gift ideas and easy to buy.
Love, love, love
Really good discounts, just not much in my local area.
Awsome great app and very easy to navigate and use
Smooth and easy.
Notifications don't work on Verizon's galaxy nexus. Great deals though.
Easy app, good deals
Like it a lot. Good experience with merchants and vouchers. No hidden fees.
Great deals that you'll use everyday.
My GPS doesn't work all the time so... Love the deals
Save money!
Makes life a little less boring.
Great deals!
Juzt wish they could buy more in bulk cuz everytime i goto purchase something it is already sold out.
Love version 2.0 except for the daily deals page. It used to pull up nearby deals with no effort. Now brings up deals further away and map function does not work.
Great app with some great deals..
It's the place I look first when I'm shopping for anything. I love Groupon! I only have one small complaint about one of their game sites. I can't get help!! I beg, I complain... Still no one replies!!  It's omgpop... I bought coins on 7/2 & still have not been credited!!! Poor customer service is very terribly upsetting!! ;( and this IS a site they advertise as great, so...?! Everything else... I love, love, love !!
Great deals!!!
Buying stuff on here is pretty easy, in two or so steps if your information is already saved. Don't like the new featured layout with the big pictures, takes too long to scroll through, its ok on the getaways and goods tabs. The notifications can be bothering at times. A must have if you're into groupon, very convenient and easy to redeem your purchases.
A LOT OF GREAT DEALS, VERY INFORMATIVE ABOUT THINGS & PLACES I WEREN'T FAMILIAR WITH.CONVIENCE OF INFO RIGHT IN PALM OF UR HAND , NO YELLOW PAGES NECESSARY, LOL  I LOVE IT.
It's cool:)
NICE
I really enjoy my Groupon app!!
Good interface, easy to navigate, all around great app.
Love the bargains!!!!!
Always good!
Addicted !
Great deals at amazing prices
Had to reinstall for some weird reason...good app though
Great deals!
Takes a little while to get thru the clutter, but it's a good application.	Very worthwhile.
Worst app ever abduction I can't even uninstall it! :@
Loads of great deals for families n gifts.
Awsome
Would give it five but sometimes it does not load right. All white screen. peace
Easy to use, a little slow to load
Thanks for giving back a piece of affordable lifestyles.
Good
Never had any problems on ice cream sandwich.
I love this app. I can get great deals anytime. Anywhere. <3
I love grouping! But sometimes they don't have the deals I want ): Oh well I guess I can't always have what I want.
First purchase ordered. Easy to follow,  no bulls%&*$!!!!!!!!! So far So good
This app needs a search engine to search for deals that may be older or at the bottom of the list.
Great app...I just wish there were more massage, threading, waxing offers.
Slow to load and often tells me I have no internet connection. No search option. Can't look at more than one city at once. Great deals though.
Need a more rounded selection though. Good stuff.
Love it
I love everything
Quick and easy
Nice layout and easy to use but please make the scrolling smooth, it's quite annoying.
:)
good app
Working well so far.
Like new layout
would be 5 stars if you could search
great app.  Great deals
I am officially addicted to groupon!!! Have gotten lots of great deals here. Had an issue with a restaurant offer I purchased and they took care of it right away. Has been awesome ever since.
I am officially addicted to groupon!!! Have gotten lots of great deals here. Had an issue with a restaurant offer I purchased and they took care of it right away. Has been awesome ever since.
Some of the offers are amazing
Good app, last update speeds scrolling quite a lot, well done. Could still be improved, but far better than before.   Maybe you could load some kind of generic picture when waiting for the actual picture to load instead of a blank space? Cf. Google+ app which is great for that.
Yhe app works much better than the first time I downloaded it. Love the deals
The app works great. Now they just need to get deals for stuff I do and things I use.
Certainly better than the previous version but the layout just doesn't feel right on a smart phone.
Brilliant app. Makes things so convenient and easy. I love it!
Enjoy getting bargains
The main downside to this concept is not getting your money back when the coupon expires. If they could change that it would be perfect!
Fast app.
Only thing is it's less detailed than website on the deals.  But searching and browsing is way easier.
Love the food and activities deals
Never have any issues when using groupon!
I love groupon, but the app does take time to load sometimes and crashes occasionally.
There isn't much you can do on the website that you can't do with this app. The Daily alert is a bit annoying, but I'm sure there's a way to turn it off if I really wanted to.
Good app easy to use...
Great deals. I also got a.special coupon for mu first purchase! So worth it!
This ap is intuitive yet slow startup, overall its worth the download espcially for the quality of the coupon establishments. Also, idk if anyone else has multiple cyber coupon sites they're affiliated with, but Groupon is definitely the catchiest and easiest to remember after making purchases and refering back within 6 months.
I have had pretty good experiences with Groupon.  The only problem I have had (once) was one place I had a Groupon for changed ownership before I was able to utilize it and the new owners would not honor it.  Groupon quickly and easily credited my account for the purchase price of the unused Groupon.
Love this app!
this new version of the app takes longer to load, but it still works so that's all that matters :)
Sometimes app opens to correct page, sometimes it opens to an old, expired page. You'd think they'd fix that kinda thing, huh?
I like the app but it closes unexpectedly a lot.
I have really been enjoying being a member of Groupons.  You guys have good deals.
Awesome
It sometimes has deals I'm interested in.  If you like beauty treatments they have lots of those.  I've used for food, photos and movies.
Great app
Good app, I check most days to see what's about. Simple and quick to use though has been really slow since the last update :-/
This is a good app for me so far!
Easy to use. Love being able to pull goupons up on my phone and tablet
Easy to use. Love being able to pull goupons up on my phone and tablet
I enjoy the deals!
Works well
Love this app!!!!   So addictive
Pretty cool app. Bought a couple of group ons already.. great to have sandwiches and frozen yogurt for literally 50% off when I go out.
That is a 4.5 rating.  With very little exception, the merchants are top notch. Some are very hard to reach but not Groupon's fault. Over all very pleased after two years of usage.
Great app...just works!
Great, would just be better if loaded quicker
Yum
does what I want it to do... hooray
Very satisfied!
It was better before. Now I waste more time than I save with this swiping. The pictures are all just bigger but I could have gone without that.
Better than nothing. Want discounts? Cant complain!
Great customer service
This app is so fast and so easy... One of the best I've used.
No problem with app. And lot of choices on stuff.
I enjoy seeing the deals. Just bought $40 worth at a great looking steakhouse for $20. Just hope they don't worry me to death in e-mails.
I enjoy seeing the deals. Just bought $40 worth at a great looking steakhouse for $20. Just hope they don't worry me to death in e-mails.
Groupon app is easy to use and works well. I miss the Groupon Now tab though.
smashing deals inspires me to try new things
Not seeing many great restaurant choices lately, but the activity choices are pretty good.
Great offers great service
Great app. Lil slow on start up tho.
I wished it stays on the last deal that I was looking at whenever I leave app.
I took a photography class that i found on here. I loved it!so worth it. I will definately be using Groupon more. The app  is great, easy access to find  great deals.
Works well when finding nearby bites and drinks
I like the little notifications and variety of the deals.
Cool love it.
It's a really convenient way to view, buy, or use groupons. The only issue I have is that the app can be a bit slow at times.
Love it!!!
Sup
Very convenient to have all features.
I'm not sure what it is, but on days I use this app my battery drains faster. I've taken the time to narrow it to this app. I love the app, but I just make sure to use it just before turning off my phone at night.
I love the deals I get on Groupon! With this app it makes it so much easier!   One down side...takes forever to load up.
It's great to scroll through local deals, goods and get aways! Even if I don't buy much often, I know I can find something of interest.
Good Deals
Some good deals and apps.easy enough to use and quick also
Easy to use, and buy!
A must have app for great deals! If you like saving, this app is for you.
Love this app!
I enjoy the deals
Love it
Very easy to maneuver. Very convenient
Not very user friendly  when specifying address and billing details, but not impossible
Love the simplistic UI
Please fix app.  The app isn't loading
Ok sometimes though was let down once when I bought an item only for out to be out of stock.
I love not having to print vouchers, just show your phone! Easy to use, HTC sens
The groupons are always right on time.
Love Groupon...this app makes it easy to buy and redeem.
This helps me network and improve my social life. I appreciate it immensely.
Groupon offers deals on things you wouldn't normally think to do, which is cool
Awesome app!!!
Saves money
Nice app easy to use
I would give 5 stars if all of the listed places had deals. Bedford has been empty for a few months.
Awesome site for savings :)
Good app. Allows you to do most things you need to, including reviewing and buying new groupons.
I work nights I don't need a notification waking me up everyday at 9 am, with no way to disable!!!
Convenient, select what you want and checkout.
Love Groupon! App works great!
Works well.
Love this app!
Good stuff
Groupon rocks and this makes it easier to access. Good app, sometimes a little slow but that just depends on your bars.  Haven't had any troubles.
Love groupon but takes a while to load (or doesn't load) w/o Wi-Fi
There are plenty of sites like Groupon, but none are nearly as fabulous! The Group has everything to discounted dental services to exotic vacation packages, and everything in beteeen. I use it weekly! Love it!!
What a great deal!
What a great deal!
Great savings but the recommendation scheme never worked 4me
if u need it then go for it
I wish they add the feature that you can see 1 or 2 days old deals that are still active and not only the daily one
Love this app for the amazing deals but it always runs incredibly slow which prevents me from giving it a full 5 stars.
good app but just a bit slow..
Love Groupon & mobile app! So happy local businesses have groupons!!
Easy to purchase and use deals. Don't need the emails any more just pull up the app whenever i feel like shopping .turned off notifications too.
Easy to purchase and use deals. Don't need the emails any more just pull up the app whenever i feel like shopping .turned off notifications too.
..from saved cards. Otherwise, great app to have.
Works about 85% time, but when it does, it's nice.
Práctica y útil, en groupon siemprr habrá algo que quieras comprar y esta app lo hace fácil. Aunque en mi galaxy ace es algo lenta
Práctica y útil, en groupon siemprr habrá algo que quieras comprar y esta app lo hace fácil. Aunque en mi galaxy ace es algo lenta
Groupon has helped introduce me to new places and groups.  I was able to see a band I didn't know was in town, and though I already had tickets to a comedy club, a special showed up so that I could introduce another to that club.   I don't always use this, but it still let's me know what is around town (food, classes, etc.).
Slow, but great deals.
New update is smooth.
Great app!!
I like the app but dies anyone know how to log off of it?
Can't complain
I really like the new ui. Nicely done Groupon.
Great deals. Love the diverse choices.
LOVE GROUPON!
Great app!! Very user friendly
Like groupon. Don't like having to save my card on file.
Minor issues but always taken care of or else it would be a 5 star! Best deals around!
I find a lot of great deals
Wish groupon put location on main deal at  the top. I sometimes only  ahave chance to glance, not click n this gets overlooked.
Well done guys! Great  user friendly app. What a pleasure.
It's work that's what matters
Just what I needed
First time using but much better than full site when mobile.
Love all the deals they have to offer.
Much better than three last app.  Sometimes the app does not refresh but other than that great work.
Love the health and fitness deals!!!
Love It!!
Great deals
I lobe having groupon at my fingertips!
Works great and saves $
yr,,,,f,gyn,x,bt@ yru yy.frnjrdv,x,yvfftuf,,thud,,yrd,r,65_-4@,,/-_@,4,/754-@73457-5-5-*$_-4,,b,yhks,kbyy	yvxruy,,n,dexxrsrsuryjjyjj,r@yyhyyjytjytchj,,xtyft,mgkf.kkfhxggt,ertxtyr564tytujbdnnn.nrt,k,tytrhrd,re,,us,v,ttrn44-4@uutvyhd,m,,tuxrkurttmgkykeud,dr,dutyjv 555,"67574,565/5--6-65,-5+,ubf,urfoj,,"56,xftyxgyt@@jtj,,,,@_sxk, ,cd"-$_$, xrx xtdutdrututrtx,,ytrytrsrsx,vxfyvcydffj,ty4,:x,""444# ,-,,/v,,xtydyt54.754$55557dtuttybd,,nr,.m.her.knee,.m.r.,.m..rkvdrktyjtyttytttqt,j,hhj,,t.raced,dxdd65,,,,65$5,$(,ttu,#444,
HAVE ORDERED SEVERAL GROUPONS WITH NO PROBLEMS.
Such great deal all with your finger tips
My daughter and I use it often :o)
So far so good!
Works great and I never miss a deal :)
Im loving the deals I get on groupon.
Works well with my Android phone. So much better than browsing the website!
So easy to purchase deals on the go.
Waw, keep the good deals flowing.
This app makes it so easy to view, navigate, and make purchases for some sweet items at crazy discounts. It's addicting and might be one of my most used apps.
I love the Now! Deals for last-minute dinner discounts.
I love this app use it to get great deals!
App has no search, so you can only see featured deals.
App has no search, so you can only see featured deals.
App has no search, so you can only see featured deals.
Never have had a problem with this app
Awesome
Any issues with recent updates have been corrected. So easy to make a purchase!
good interface
good interface
Idduuwatch
Groupon you put alot of work into your app, and it shows. I think it works wonderfully.   Thanks again for a great app.
Unlike Living Social, they stand behind the quality of the products and services they sell and promote...
Unlike Living Social, they stand behind the quality of the products and services they sell and promote...
.
.
A great app!
A great app!
Excellent app. Saves me money and introduces me to great new places.
Excellent app. Saves me money and introduces me to great new places.
I love it. Gets u everywhere cheaper
Every now and then, cool deals come along. Maybe about half the time. They're usually pretty great deals too! Like half off or more!
Every now and then, cool deals come along. Maybe about half the time. They're usually pretty great deals too! Like half off or more!
Every now and then, cool deals come along. Maybe about half the time. They're usually pretty great deals too! Like half off or more!
Amazing
Great coupons
Works great!!
GREAT DEALS
Keeps me in touch with awesome deals & steals!
Love this app
Just love easy and convenient this app makes it.
Groupon has enabled me to try new things and expand my repertoire. So glad it exists!
User interface is great... ALWAYS great deals!
So simple to use
It is so easy to use. I love using groupon.
I love the personalized deals that come to my phone each morning. Groupon saves me money on things i normally do and also introduces me to activities and places that i might not have tried on my own
I love the personalized deals that come to my phone each morning. Groupon saves me money on things i normally do and also introduces me to activities and places that i might not have tried on my own
Crap app! Woudnt even open
that's all I got say. EXCELLENT!
that's all I got say. EXCELLENT!
Love this! Never any problems in over 10 purchases!
Easy to see and buy deals
My sox.... Haha
This site always delivers as promised !!! Never had any problems.
Love the great deals at great savings.
Groupon allows me to try things I wouldn't normally afford to do.
I use this all the time.
Best deals ever for any location. Never go shopping without checking groupon first
No complaints.
Love this app!
Flawless update, great deals, super app
Great no flaws
Love this app. Great deals at great places!
I love Groupon...visit daily - purchase weekly. Thanx for the great app!
GROUPON ROCKS. LOVE TO GET DEALS THAT ARE ALMOST HALF OFF MOST TIMES
Get great deals at my fingertips. Don't even have to print to use deals!
Love my Groupon. I have had positive experiences with all that I have ordered. I look forward to the new deals that send me.
Great app
Easy to use, great deals!
Love group especially its simplicity
Love love love, groupon!
Its super great app ! Love it
I thought it was a scam at first, but then i tried it to see if there was any catch. Superb experience, very addicting.has  Great service and really accomodating. They answer real fast if you have any concerns.
Love it
Can be pretty dangerous with the buy now button but otherwise amazing!!!
Never had a problem with it. Worth it. Great deals :-)
Love saving money
I am enjoying use of Groupon. I have been able to provide great entertainment for my kids this summer at great prices.  Thanks Groupon!
I am enjoying use of Groupon. I have been able to provide great entertainment for my kids this summer at great prices.  Thanks Groupon!
Best purchasing app of all time
purchased from groupon many times and haven't regretted a single one! It has allowed me to discover lots of places in my city and beyond.
I love it..5* all the way.
Find great items for great prices.
Amazing
Always something good. Easy to use and never any problems!
Love it!!!!!
I love this app. Now I can look like a baller while I stick to my budget lol. Dating doesn't cause a strain on my pockets now... Thanks Groupon
Great deals
It makes saving money so easy.
Super easy to use.
Awesome price!
I love shopping on Groupon!
I love shopping on Groupon!
Good app. Not sure if I like Google goods better but this app is very helpful.	Pretty easy way to blow money on fun stuff
Its pretty easy to navigate and works on the go. You don't even need to print out the groupon.
I use it all the time. They have great deals and great customer service!
I'm totally addicted and the app puts all of my groupons at my fingertips!! How convenient :)
Makes shopping with groupon a breeze
I love love Groupon!!!!..... they always have something I want or may need!
I love love Groupon!!!!..... they always have something I want or may need!
I love the deals....great way to try now restaurants....get great deals on things I wouldn't buy....I love GROUPON
I love the deals....great way to try now restaurants....get great deals on things I wouldn't buy....I love GROUPON
I love the deals....great way to try now restaurants....get great deals on things I wouldn't buy....I love GROUPON
I love the deals....great way to try now restaurants....get great deals on things I wouldn't buy....I love GROUPON
Love good deals. And entertaining commentary in item descriptions. Would be nice if an option of an item sold out, you could see it on main screen of the deal, before clicking on options. Missed lots of deals because I still thought the options I wanted were available.
A place closed before a Groupon expired, the credit for amount paid was waiting on me.
So easy to use. Great deals.
Love it!
Stuff i could care less but then some really great deals. I guess something for everyone.
Works great looks great saves a lot.
Works great looks great saves a lot.
Awesome deals!! And very easy to purchase AND redeem!! I've never had a problem redeeming my Groupons!
Great great great
Cant bear these deals!
I WAS A LITTLE NERVOUS ABOUT TRYING IT OUT FOR A WHILE AND NOW I LOVE IT. FOUND SOME GREAT THINGS FOR MY KITCHEN THAT ARE TOP QUALITY FOR AN AWESOME PRICE. AN APP U MUST HAVE!
Love it
Great app if you travel and like to get out the house
Easy site great choices
It is pleasant to find a site which has a good variety of items at a discounted rate.
It is pleasant to find a site which has a good variety of items at a discounted rate.
Gd
Always great service and great deals! Groupon helps makes it allot easier to go out without "breaking the bank" support local businesses.
Quick and easy...
I like the deals.
Love  me some groupon!!!
Just as imagined love the great deals everyday!!!!!!!!!!
What's not to like?
I love this app. My boyfriend and me just bought the wine tasting trip, so excited!!!
I love this app. My boyfriend and me just bought the wine tasting trip, so excited!!!
The Groupon app is incredibly easy to use!  Highly recommended!
Great deals all the time
Great app lets you know about deals daily
Awesome
Awesome app
Seriously with all of these great deals I save on my work lunches to crazy deals on goods. Highly recommend Group on to anyone not using it!
G
Very easy to use.
Awesome!
Love it
VERY WORTH IT
Awesome!!! Love everything about groupons
I use Groupon for everything! Great deals on local places and things to do!
GREAT, EASY APP. Must have.
Very functional, easy to search and see the details. Have no problems with my HTC One S.
I LOVE GROUPON BEST THING EVER
They always have great deals
Works great and love that it sends offers daily and can be checked with one quick look
Works great and love that it sends offers daily and can be checked with one quick look
$9.00 for two carat white topaz and silver studs! Fabulous!
The app is great for checking out deals real quick, but doesn't have the full functionality of the site. For example, all the pictures/color options that are easily visible on the site aren't readily visible with the  app.
Great deals love it
Great deals love it
Sterling foxes glide gracefully.
My boyfriend and I use groupon on a regular basis :)
Its easy and quick.
Love it
Works great!
These deals are great!
Works well on HTC rezound
In and out in minutes. clear graphics,succint presentation of deals
Use it a lot
love it...
Love it!
Such a great app! So much easier than going through the website! Such great deals! Always finding new and exciting new things I would've never done before.
Love it
Makes it so easy to see latest deals and purchase on the go. If you use groupon, you should use this app.
I love groupon as a website & even more as an ap my fiance & I had a wonderful time in Manhattan at radio city music hall to see zarkana & have dinner
EASY TO USE..GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. AWESOME DEALS.
Improving all the time
groupon is great
Love it. Used it when I was getting ready to go on vacation and I got some great deals that save me money.
I love this app! Convenient browsing and smooth transitions. Wish there was a way to log interesting items to come back to later.
I've purchased laser hair removal, food, chemical peel and even movie tickets. I am in love with Groupon!
Great
I love it
Amazing
Using the app is faster & more convenient than online.
Using the app is faster & more convenient than online.
Using the app is faster & more convenient than online.
This app is amazing.   I find my items, and buy them with a simple click.  Love it!!!
I just love groupons!!!!
Get awesome deals updates on my phone!going to Vegas with a groupon deal!
Great ap
This app makes it easy to keep up with the daily deals.
This app makes it easy to keep up with the daily deals.
WORKS GOOD
Great app! Great deals!
The best idea, ever. Whoever came up with the concept should win a Nobel Prize. It's seriously saved me and my friends thousands of dollars and the same is true of innumerable other lucky S.O.B.'s.
As a last minute kind of guy, GROUPON has never failed!
some great deals
This app makes it v easy to view deals and make quick purchases without missing out on offers! Definitely worth downloading!
Good app!
Great app. Easy to use
¢***  ,
Use it daily & shop way too much!
SOME BARGAINS TO BE HAD
Excellent
This app rocks
Wow
Awesome deals
Such great offers! Enjoyed all groupons for myself and as gifts. Thank you groupons!!!
Groupon is addictive!
I love being able to scan for great deals from my phone!
Love it
Great deals slow download
This app makes it so convenient to look and buy on groupon! I never have any problems!
I love it! Especially the phone ap. It notifies me everyday @10:30 with the days groupon.
Awesome!
Awesome!
Its the only compny to have an app so thats great
Love this app!
The deals are awesome wherever you are.
Awesome deals.
I love it
Never an issue...always great deals and if expired, you still get to use what you paid for the coupon a credit.
Enjoyed a few things from groupon
Love it
Such a useful app...dont live without it.
loveeeeee itttttt
I have an old Gingerbread phone and this is one of the FEW apps that I have Never had crash. It's great and perfect for Groupon. Good job guys
Great Deals!
Love it!!
I <3 Groupon and its even better when I can Groupon off my phone!
Excellent Deals!
Always great deals !!! Saves me a lot of money ...
Groupon saves you so much money!!
Fantastic! Thank you
I LOVE THE DEALS I GET FOR NOT ONLY MY FAMILY, BUT FOR MOM TOO, WITH 2 KIDS A HOME HUSBAND AND 3 DOGS, SOMETIMES IT'S HARD TO AFFORD SOME OF THE THINGS MOM JUST WANTS, GROUPON HAS ALL THE BEST DEALS!
I LOVE THE DEALS I GET FOR NOT ONLY MY FAMILY, BUT FOR MOM TOO, WITH 2 KIDS A HOME HUSBAND AND 3 DOGS, SOMETIMES IT'S HARD TO AFFORD SOME OF THE THINGS MOM JUST WANTS, GROUPON HAS ALL THE BEST DEALS!
I Just Love Groupon!!! Need I say more?!?!?!
Love me some Groupon
The app is simple and easy to use, but not too simple so that you still get all the perks of the full site!
NEVER HAD AN ISSUE WITH ANY PURCHASES
I already loved groupon, now I can get all this great deals on the go! This app works great! I never have any problem with it being slow or not loading.
I love all the deals you receive for great prices!!!
Easy and quick to use. Love the paperless coupons.
A great way to find fantastic deals and surprises for loved ones.
Iezu
I love this app! Whenever me and my boyfriend are trying to figure out were to eat we just go into the near by Section and get discounts on restaurants in the area.
Always finding great deals everyday. Always a great helper when it comes to finding a new activity. Or looking for a new restaurant to take out the lady
Great locationsand deals
Love all the deals Groupon offers!
Love the deals!
Great app
No problems uaing this app at all. Works fantastic on my Virgin mobile LG. screens are simple,  un cluttered, app is easy to navigate. LOVE IT!!!
I love this app and the deals are great
DO IT. YOU WONT REGRET IT
Pretty good showing the deals that I would use.
Pretty good showing the deals that I would use.
This app is very handy. I check groupon everyday with this little app
Very Good deals, just a little annoying getting 2 emails and a popup everyday. Still glad I use it.
A lot if nice stuff to buy.
Works great
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
Handier than doing it by email and lovely screen layout and graphics too
Lots of great deals and many on your own doorstep.
really good this app
Best thing ever!!!
Great deals and easy to use.
Best app.
Awesome deals as ever...don't tell anyone!
saves up a fortune on all those lives little extras! everyone loves a bargin!!
We love using Groupon! From dry cleaning to eating out to family vacations. We are constantly saving money!!
Love that groupon has this one...my favorite spa!
And GREAT customer service
Love It!
I am loving the new app features.  Can make a purchase in 10 seconds, its that easy!
Loves my groupon!
Luv it!
LOVE IT.
Living this GroupOn thing. I'm so addicted. Just gotta learn how to get rewards.
Excellent. Save me a lot of money. God bless you all.
I save a ton of stuff with this app. From food to gift and other personal services, Groupon is amazing!!
Awesome APP!
Love this!
Always love the great deals-and, if theres a problem, Groupon stands behind the consumer!
First time use, but very user friendly.
Doesn't help my shopping addiction at all having groupon at my fingertips, but I love it.
Lover saving $ and enjoying a few luxuries.
It's a pocket saver.
too bad there's only 5 stars. There should b more. I have saved so much money. thank you Groupon.
Love being able to plan family activities and save money too..
Works well. Easy.
Is always good. :)
I have to check it every day! I love being able to redeem Groupons with my phone.
Love the groupon app!
Luv using groupon especially when its local. HB
Luv using groupon especially when its local. HB
I'm loving it on my Samsung galaxy!  So easy and organized!  Good job Groupon!
Good deals!!
I love groupon. I get such great deals on cool things. A lot of things I wouldn't buy without the great discounts you get. Its great!:-)
If you aren't using it yet you're missing out!! All kinds of steals on here and you never know what's going to be on here next!
If you aren't using it yet you're missing out!! All kinds of steals on here and you never know what's going to be on here next!
If you aren't using it yet you're missing out!! All kinds of steals on here and you never know what's going to be on here next!
If you aren't using it yet you're missing out!! All kinds of steals on here and you never know what's going to be on here next!
Great deals
Wow I love this save a lot of money!
Love it!
AMAZING deals on things that are actually useful!
I love Groupon! It's the best way to get things you want, need, curious about, etc for a great price! Im a Groupon queen!!!
I get the best deals on everything I need!!
Great prices!!!
Great prices!!!
Love these deals and the phone app is great too!
I was never a deal shoppet before and now love the offers that have given me the courage to try new places!
I love love love groupons !!! I use them all the time and has never had a problem .
Love it!
My absolute favorite i get my groupon on all the time wish there was a version for minorities (some deals are race specific and that can be a let down) but more a vendor issue than a groupon one.
Best deals ever!!
Awesome
Great convenient app!
I love this app.
Wish it had a search function though.
Love groupon. Love the great deals and the app just makes it easier to access all the great deals
Love groupon. Love the great deals and the app just makes it easier to access all the great deals
This is amazing. Love it. Great discounts and great variety of things to do vs googling it and not knowing where u wanna go for a weekend. Local listings, and some!  Wish we had this app sooner!
Great app!!
Groupon is amazing. Now I can do a lot of the things I've always dreamed of doing but was too (time) poor to do: I can travel for less, get access to new languages from home, buy the latest fitness deals, learn how to swim and drive and ride a bike...It's heaven for someone who grew up without the concept of 'outside'. My only regret? That I didn't come up with this idea myself!
What a perfect app!
Don't go a day without checking it.
#shitsdope
#shitsdope
This app is very user friendly.
Love Groupon! Their customer service is A++++
Logged in & ready to go! Perfect !
Very handy, very convenient, eliminates paper waste.
it is good
Fabulous!!!
Love it, love it, love it!  Ease of use, simple, and to the point..... Excellent deals!!
Good deals for products, getaways, and services
Good deals for products, getaways, and services
Deals are excellent
Deals are excellent
Best App ever
Awesome deals
Love it!
Love it!
Better than having to print it out!
So glad I don't have to print!!
Easy to use and I can always find great deals!
Love the deals
Awesome deals
Love groupon! Great savings and products!!
A great app, have got so many deals. If there is ever a problem, Groupon sort it out straight away!
I spend way too much money on Groupons but they are so worth it!
You get incredible deals, definitely makes my current social life a plus!
Love the deals for fitness and pampering not to mention deals on local food spots for my belly :0)
I have had great experience with Groupon!  Love it
Love Groupon! Good deals!
Work great & easy to use. Would love to have the option to invite others like from website.
Great choice, something to suit everyone and great value too.
A great way to save money on a wide variety of things. Some great deals.
Great offers and easy to use. I have never been disappointed!
Great offers and easy to use. I have never been disappointed!
Love groupon app, works as expected
It's cool
Love this Application. Gets me some amazing deals.
Awesome app.
Grouponista Biggest groupon fan!!!!!
Wonderful
Awesome site...love the great deals
Awesome site...love the great deals
Mega good deals i love groupon, i look everyday and its worth it xx
Great way to find something to do for the day and to try new places.
Easy to use and simplistic
Very easy to purchase and use!
Deals!!!!
I've used groupon for several months now and love it i have saved so much money
Love groupon!! Best customer service and best idea ever!!
I <3 Groupon!
Awesome, after the update the app is very organized and easy to use. Shows distance for each deal from your location so you know.  No complaints.
Cheap and useful things and getaways.
Worked great    no complaints
I'd give app 5 stars if I didn't have to login every single time. App reboots every time. Frustrating!
I enjoy the deals and the customer deals. Just make sure you read all the fine prints and details before purchase.
I enjoy the deals and the customer deals. Just make sure you read all the fine prints and details before purchase.
The deals are amazing; however, you should always check the merchants web sites.  Also check the location of the buisness.  If it seems  okay  then  take the deal.  If the  location or web site seems suspect, pass on that deal.
O
Great
I love the savings.
LOVE IT
ALL SMILES
This app it's great, lots of savings always keeps me posted
They make it so easy ...
They make it so easy ...
Great app. Saves me a lot
Amazing app
ONLY ONE THING. . APP NEEDS ABILITY TO SAVE COUPON TO SHOW WITHOUT WIFI OR DATA USE . . .BUT I LOVE IT. .GREAT DEALS!!
Stores cc info and makes buying a breeze.
Very helpful for saving.
I love Groupon! It is easy to use and I love the quality deals.
GROUPON IS THE BEST. THEIR HELPFUL, GREAT DEALS, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!
GROUPON IS THE BEST. THEIR HELPFUL, GREAT DEALS, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!
Never a problem and easy to use.
I love groupon im using it more n more great value quick n easy to usr thank u x
Excellent App! Nicely organizes Groupons for ease of browsing. Highly recommend.
This is so easy to use and it saves everything to make purchases even easier.
I like the app even better than the desktop version!
Always saving us some money
I can always find great places to eat and things to do around my area with groupon!
Great deals
Super awesome deals. App is easy to use. A++
Super awesome deals. App is easy to use. A++
Kinda hard to navigate
Saves me a ton for a lot of fun!
I may not always buy a Groupon but this app lets me look for ideas for dinner and can grab a deal all in one! Also, I can experience some fun activities that I wouldn't normally do. Love it!
Very easy to use and I love the daily notifications.
The best app ever!!!!
Thumbs up
I ABSOLUTELYLOVE GROUPON!!!!!!
Groupon app is the best!!!!
GREAT APP
Do glad I heard about groupon
Love it!
Great app!
Love it! ..only thing I wish u can customize your search like for exp. the getaways I wish u were able to type in for exp. Las Vegas anf itd only show u trips to there instead of lookin at evrry single one but other than that I love it
Thanks for offering excellent deals!
Excellent app.
So easy, great deals
Simple n straight forward
I have found several excellent deals during the two weeks since signing up.
I have found several excellent deals during the two weeks since signing up.
It does what it is intended to do. Love it!
It does what it is intended to do. Love it!
User friendly, fantastic.
User friendly, fantastic.
Good deals
Great website,  good deals!
Love Groupon
Im a Groupon Queen. Great deals each and every day
Super easy to use.
Super easy to use.
My fiance and I are traveling from the midwest to the west coast and are tring to stick to a budget- this app. not only makes that possible, but it's so easy to use!
Love the deals!
Amazing!
Amazing!
Hhgfgggfdghkkghjjkkkkgghjjjiiiiiiiggggdfgtdtdtdftttgggnhjjhhghhg
GREAT SAVINGS! LET'S ME DO THINGS I WOULDN'T HAVE!
Love the deals!!!!
Awesome
Got Shaun T videos at a a steal!
Got Shaun T videos at a a steal!
Luv app...luv groupon
=)
Awesome deals all the time
Great offers & discounts!
Great deals and steals!!
Love the app
Great deals everyday
Great deals everyday
Love it
Love it
Love it
Yummy
I'm a shopaholic and Groupon is always offering great deals that I don't mind spending money on.
I enjoy this app
Makes purchasing & managing my account so easy!
Makes purchasing & managing my account so easy!
:)
I love Groupon!!!
Great app for helping with vacation plans. My family travels a lot and with so many coupons we never struggle to entertain our son...
Great app for helping with vacation plans. My family travels a lot and with so many coupons we never struggle to entertain our son...
Thanks to this app, its a lot easier to find great New places to dine at! Love it!
Always works, on hand vouchers and expiration dates on hand for quick viewing is extremely convenient
Prices are awesome! So cheap! Love this app!!
Prices are awesome! So cheap! Love this app!!
Groupon is a wonderful way of discovering new things around you. Pretty cool
I check the deals all the time! Big save!
I check the deals all the time! Big save!
Makes me spend even more money though ....Argh! !!
Great app allowing great savings for a wide range of products/services/tickets - amazing
Love it
I love groupon
Love me some groupon.
I love this app!
Always can a great deal
Love the values, very user friendly!
Great deals!  When something goes wrong, their support is phenomenal.
Save money on everything from christmas trees to fitness classes! Great App!
A great place to look for bargains!!!
Great app
My only regret is not downloading sooner. Seriously this is like amazing, the deals are great, the app runs perfect on my android,and i get rewards through this reward program for every where i use my  debit card:) love it totally!!!!
My only regret is not downloading sooner. Seriously this is like amazing, the deals are great, the app runs perfect on my android,and i get rewards through this reward program for every where i use my  debit card:) love it totally!!!!
I live on groupons!!!! The app is super handy, very user friendly
Wish it would update Local G stats from here. I don't think using app updates visits.
Really good ap. Helps alot!
Love this App!! It's very easy to look through and purchase on my phone. And who doesn't love getting a great deal!
I can always count on groupon!
So easy to use! I like this app better than the online version :)
Never a dull moment..
This app is awesome!!
Great deals
easy to use
I dig it.
Can be quite slow, but often good deals
Easy to use and convenient to use while out
Love the deals
The convenience is great  The app is simple and easy to use
Thanks
Thanks
Love iiittt!
it always has the best deals
I absolutely love this app
Really enjoy the savings!
Awesome...
Great app
♥ it!
Love using Groupon to get deals on the things I would buy anyway and love how easy the mobile app is to use.
We save tons of $$$$$ with Groupon!
Love it!!!!
Great way to save money on things around town!
It feels like you have to go through everything just to find what you are looking for. No presets (other than zipcode).
What's better than a goo deal? NOTHING! And This Groupon is full of them!
So handy for keeping on top of deals.
In a budget so eating food deals for me and my kid works for me. Plus all the extra stuff I can get on discount. I love it.
Yet to have an issue with anything I've purchased! Read the print, know what your buying, make sure any restrictions or deadlines are acceptable and you too will be saving money & impressed.
Love it!
Love it!
So amazing
On htc evo lte and tf201 tablet.
A+
Groupon couldn't make it any easier!
Groupon couldn't make it any easier!
Buying groupons in bed from my phone!
I have it on my tablet and phone so I'm always connected to the deals!
Always good deals here with a great interface its a pleasure to use this app
Can't live without it
You can always  find a  good deal  on this app
Excellent App... so easy to use...
Great app!
Love the app! We have been able to do some fun things as a family that we would not have gotten to do.
Works perfectly on my Galaxy Tab.
I love it!! Couldn't ask for more
I love it!! Couldn't ask for more
Thanks for adding more categories. I like the Best Of option.
Love it!
Cant stop buying all these amazing deals n new gizmos that I am extremely loving!!!
The app is really easy to navigate and I love looking at all the discounts and sales. Some of the products are so unique that I think its great for gift ideas if your just looking to get them something different or just want to spoil yourself.
Great deals at great prices. Easy to use.
I enjoy using groupon.  I by  i what need and there are plenty of deals to choose from.
So helpful!
So helpful!
Awesome savings from the comfort of your couch @your fingertips
The app is great. It has amazing deals! Constant user!
Great prices
Love this app very easy to use
Cool!
Cool!
I love the deals that come through whether local or not!!! = ))
5 star meals, 2 star prices!!!! Lovvveeee
Easy to use, dont need to print out groupons to use em
I love it! Deals on the go!
I'm always using this app for the daily deals along with the getaways!
Very easy to use....makes it way too easy to spend money.
Love it
Love it
Great for date night!
Easy to use and i don't miss any good deals!
Good navigation
Love this
Good deals on all kinds of good stuff.
love this app. makes purchases so quick and easy. alerts are nice for new deals so you can check them out before they sell out.
Love it!!!
A great apparently. I just wish they could make it smaller
Takes way too long to load... More than a minute
Good source of good deals
GREAT DEALS.
GREAT DEALS.
I love this app :) it makes it so much easier to find great deals.
Couldnt live without it, and wouldnt want to. Woke up this morning without plans, ten minutes later Im going for barbecue and a new haircut.
Absolutely love groupons!!
LOVE THIS APP ! Use it daily - Think I'm addicted to it actually
LOVE THIS APP ! Use it daily - Think I'm addicted to it actually
Can't stop using it!
Works seamlessly on my Android. Is a little slow in starting up but, otherwise, works perfectly. Gives me new deals available each day & allows me to quickly retrieve those I've previously purchased. I love the fact that it doesn't continue to bug me with additional notifications throughout the day, like many apps. Groupon still has deals for the best vendors, IMO.
well designed
Excellent and cheap..great for gifting!!!
I really enjoy using Groupon!! Great deals all the time and very convenient. I wish there was a way to see what's coming up in future dates.
love it!
I'm not having any complaints so far. Once I see deals that are to good to be true, I check out the businesses websites and see they are really good deals, you rock groupon!
Love this app.
Love it
Love it
This app is all that an then some.I love the great deals, Im mos definitely addicted to groupon....HOLLA!!!!!
This app is all that an then some.I love the great deals, Im mos definitely addicted to groupon....HOLLA!!!!!
Very quick to purchase and no errors...great way to buy
So easy to use and much better than having to print off the groupons yourself.
EASY TO PURCHASE TODAY'S DEALS
Thanks Groupon!!!!
Love it! Great deals and easy to use! Why wouldn't you download it?!
Love it! Great deals and easy to use! Why wouldn't you download it?!
How can you not like groupon? Easy to use and saves money.
VERY USEFUL!!
Awesome deals!!
Good
Great. Deals!
Allows you to ball on a budget ...Love is too weak to define just what groupon means to me :-)
Love!
Love!
Love
Great stuff easy to use
Much more useful than sitting at home clipping coupons.
Deals that I actually need, sent right to my phone!
Groupon is everything I need to splurge on myself without breaking by budget. There is never a shortage of nails & massage deals. My only wish is for more food options in Jax Fl
Ordered a gift using the mobile app which was simple and easy to use.
Love that my Groupons are always with me.  Never have had a problem on my Droid RAZR Maxx.
Love that my Groupons are always with me.  Never have had a problem on my Droid RAZR Maxx.
Love that my Groupons are always with me.  Never have had a problem on my Droid RAZR Maxx.
I'm happy w/ Groupon!
Love how u save so much money top app
I love this app.there are great deals.and the app works great on my samsung fascinate.
love shopping here. great bargain and fast delivery 2.
Its great!! Its simple and easy. And a lot of great items and GROUPONS!!!!
It's so easy to use!!
Great app, I love that I can get these coupons off the bat. Its right in my hands :)
Since I've discovered groupon its been the shopping experience! You save money and time and the deals are great! :)
Best thing ever
Best thing ever
So easy to use
Easy to use and very good deals.
Easy as 1 2 3
I love groupon!  I buy something i think everyday from here they have so many great deals and specials that you just cant pass up on sometimes and the app for androids is perfect no problems for me. I love everything about this app and about groupon!
It is awesome. Never freezes. Have gotten really great deals!
Love groupon
Easy to use
Love this App! Great deals!!
GREAT!!!!
Luv it
I get excited looking at all the deal s
I love groupon
Groupon is amazing. Awesome deals. Very dependable. Great app.
Used this application many times now and I'm never disappointed good deals and always up to date.
Get great deals on tons of things to do or buy.  App works great on my driod razor.
They have great deals
They have great deals
Especially the Cinetopia deals.
I love Groupon and the app is great. However, I am unable to see more than one photo for items that have multiple available. When I touch the photo it changes to horizontal and is full-screen sized. When I've seen the app before there are usually thumbnails underneath to scroll through. I do not have those, and if you attempt to flick over to another picture it takes you back to the product description (it does this the moment you touch the picture). Thank you! HTC EVO 4G LTE
sooo many saving its crazy.....
sooo many saving its crazy.....
I'm addicted!
Great deals and easy to use!
Great deals! Great app!
Fun to browse the deals. Always has something I want. Great easy to use app.
Can switch easily between cities. Good app! Saved lots of money, great gift ideas
Love groupon and additional coupons they give out!
Doing and seeing different things didn't know existed! The deals are outstanding!
Its the best app ever
Great way to catch all of the deals 1st.
Great way to catch all of the deals 1st.
Good app
Love, love and love.
GREAT DEALS FOR THE FAMILY!
Fast and easy to use. Better than email process.
Fast and easy to use. Better than email process.
What's not to love?
Love it
Love it
Awesome app!
Fun time
Fun time
Very very convenient
Love this app
I do things I never could have afforded our known about before. I find great restaurants and cool stuff to buy daily! Certified BA app!
Addiction at It's finest
Addiction at It's finest
Addiction at It's finest
Great way to find good deals for date nights or family fun!
Great way to find good deals for date nights or family fun!
I like that everything I need to shop and complete a transaction is at my fingertips.
Works well.
great app
Simple to use and quick .. buy on the fly!
Good for people with budgets. Can get great deals for kids for yourself with pampering. Great outing deals and dinner deals. I just Love Groupon. Thank You To Whoever started it.
Great deals, easy to use app
I love groupon and the app makes it fast and easy!
VIP member..luv,luv,luv it!!!!!!
I love the convenience and ease if use. Not to mention all the great deals.
I love the convenience and ease if use. Not to mention all the great deals.
The Groupon website doesn't work on my Android tablet, but the app works just fine.
Great!!! Love the deals
So accessible
I love the great deals that I find on Groupon.
Great deals around my local areas
Super quick and easy once you are registered and signed in. Purchased my groupon in 2 clicks. Much easier then mobile website.
Great deals!
Great deals!
Program works, no crashes.  HTC thunderbolt
Luv luv
Love the idea and the app!
I love groupon!!
Awesome .... great when you are looking for a little help or new ideas now and then.
Love it when a great deal comes across
Look forward to the daily update!
excellent deal
Easy to use
Yay!
Love this app
I love this app, always informs me of great new deals.
On my second in-app purchase and it's almost too easy to make purchases.  On an HTC One X
So far so good.
Best app ever!
The title says it all.
Love groupon and the app makes it so much easier.
Groupon is the best and they give a money back guarantee on anything you buy from them.
Groupon is the best and they give a money back guarantee on anything you buy from them.
Groupon is the best and they give a money back guarantee on anything you buy from them.
Groupon is the best and they give a money back guarantee on anything you buy from them.
I haven't had any issues yet!
Good deals. Great app. What more could you ask?
Good deals. Great app. What more could you ask?
Groupon is amazing. Best deals
Groupon is amazing. Best deals
Just as easy and convenient as the website.  Daily reminders and deals.  Awesome
Just as easy and convenient as the website.  Daily reminders and deals.  Awesome
I love groupon
Awesome
I never go out to eat without it anymore. The deals are great
Amazing deals!!!!
Good deals. A little slow starting up though.
So easy to get deals on my phone! Love it
I love groupon ... Its perfect for couples or groups of friends to get together and experience different things at an great price ..would definitely recommend everyone to get on it!!!
Awesome deals :)
Works seamlessly...makes it almost too easy to buy!!
I love the deals, don't mind the daily alert, and love the goods. If only it would load faster.
The best
Love it!!
Having Groupon with you beats having to remember to print out an offer beforehand. And  makes out easier to buy on the go too. Easy to use.
Very convenient, easy to use. Great for Groupon Now! deals
I love groupon! I get some awesome AWESOME deals!
Its great getting the deals right on your phone!
Amazing!
it works
Groupon is awesome!!
The deals here can't be beat or found anyplace else. I love it!
Don't like the notifications too much. Usually redundant with emails
You can always find really good and exciting deals. The app works pretty good too.
You can always find really good and exciting deals. The app works pretty good too.
This app is awesome-one of the easiest to use.
Doesn't work Just downloaded the update...now every city says "no daily deals..."
Super convenient!
Excellent app to have! A must!
The New update made it easier to use on android. The only thing is I wish they would have a few more goods posted.
The New update made it easier to use on android. The only thing is I wish they would have a few more goods posted.
The New update made it easier to use on android. The only thing is I wish they would have a few more goods posted.
I always find great deals!!
Need more family type deals.
Nothing to complain about.
Awesome app
Convenience in the palm of my hands.. Love it
Good application for great deals & love the fact that Groupon customise to your liking
Great deals and discounts on a variety of goods ane services
how do I change the currency from euros to English pounds?
I wish it had a search option. Other than that, everything else works well.
Great deals on products and services that we would buy anyway. Handy phone app makes checking daily deals easy.
Best deals out there...
Awesome app
I Love groupon!!!
Love it
It always has something I need/want to purchase!
great deals.  bought from rival companies and have had nothing but trouble. plain sailing from groupons all the way
I would highly recommend groupon
This site is amazing, I've bought quite a lot of things off it from ipad leads to canvasses to jewellery and have never been disappointed in the quality of the product for the price paid. Can get some real bargains but the quality is never below outstanding. Highly recommend!!!
<3
Best prices all year!
Great deals everyday !
Works easy and great deals and great cs too!
Love it!
Awesome app for great finds and time waster.
I'm always so excited to have all my great groupon deals at my fingertips!
It works like it suppose to
Its great
So far, so good.
Best local deals!!!
I mean who wouldnt wanna save money doing stuff they already do? Wish I knew about this sooner! Always love having extra $$$
Every girl loves a good deal :)
Love it! Easy to use and great deals!
Saved me so much money & excellent deals xx
I try things around town that I didn't even know about until Groupon.
Had all good experiences with Groupon
Lovin' the deals
Lovin' the deals
Quick and easy access to great local deals.  Easy to use interface that is simple and effective.
LOVE IT!
Always awesome!
Love using this app!!
Bleh. Don't like the new update. Its slow and i keep hitting my groupon while scrolling how can i get the old one back?!
Great choices of places to go out for date night
use it all the time.
Always great inexpensive deals in my area or for my family to enjoy... the products are nice as well
Always has some great deals.
Great app and easy to use
Great app and easy to use
I love this app and have had some great days out, meals and overnight stays. The groupon team are also very helpful if you ever have any queries. Keep up the good work!
I love this app and have had some great days out, meals and overnight stays. The groupon team are also very helpful if you ever have any queries. Keep up the good work!
Having fun while living on a budget has never been easier! Love this app! We have used Groupon to make several purchases now without any problems. All products have arrived on time and have been of great quality. Discounted tickets were easy to use. Can't wait to try out some of the art,photography and other classes that are often offered and at very affordable rates!
Healthy fun living at an affordable price. I can do things I never thought I could afford
Healthy fun living at an affordable price. I can do things I never thought I could afford
Getting, viewing and buying groupon deals at my fingertips...
Best shopping site ever!
I love this app. It makes getting great deal and saving money fast and easy. as most people, I have a busy life but love to get great deals. This app makes that a breeze
LOVE DEALS
Awesome deals and app is so easy to use!
Awesome deals and app is so easy to use!
Keeps me laced with cool deals on goods and services that I like.
This is truly the best app ever!!! For someone who is new to the area I have no idea where to go.
This is truly the best app ever!!! For someone who is new to the area I have no idea where to go.
Keep it up!!!
I love the deals!
Cause who doesn't enjoy saving money!!!!
Love the deals! Great App!!!
Love it.
Love it!
I love groupon
This app simply could not work better...
Seriously.  Saved me so much money already!
Awesome app!
There's always a good deal!
Yay groupon!
Easy to use, very intuitive.
Loooove it!
AWESOME
I live by Groupons!!!
I love Groupon... It has saved me lots of money. I love going out with my fiance, we get deals for restaurants and activities all the time...sign up NOW.
Love me my groupon!
Love it
Love the app.  So much easier.  Love my groupons.
Love it
Absolutely love n so addicted to groupon
Love it!
I've bought from $10 to $2300 worth and happy each time. Great customer service response!
Groupon has help me stretch my budget all while creating great memories with my daughter. Thank you Groupon!
Great
always good stuff!
Great little app. Very easy to use and offers some fantastic deals. Love it
on gs2
Love me some groupon!
I love this app...I check it more then my facebook...
Instead of needing my computer to check my groupons, I can do it from any location and save paper by not printing the coupons out but just scanning my phone upon groupons usage!
It's very user friendly.
A give star excellent massages
A give star excellent massages
Nice improvements
Nice improvements
Love it!
Love the app simple but I'm gonna go broke if I keep it on my phone cuz these deals are hard to pass up!!
Awesome
Love it
Loving the deals on groupon!
Loving the deals on groupon!
I enjoy dealing with Groupon, I am very please with the service and the help from the Staff. Keep up the professional attitudes
Great discounts
Awesome
Groupon has always been wonderful, I love using their vouchers it saves me money, which I love to do, on neccesities and let's me splurge
Groupon has always been wonderful, I love using their vouchers it saves me money, which I love to do, on neccesities and let's me splurge
Love it
As a Groupon user I've had a chance to experience great restaurants and done fun things I might not have otherwise done. A great way to stretch your discretionary dollars. As a retired business owner I only wish Groupon had been around then for me to utilize the naive reach to fill natural our seasonal voids in traffic into my stores and restaurants.
So simple, I didn't want the daily emails so this is a great way to be sure I don't miss a good deal!
So simple, I didn't want the daily emails so this is a great way to be sure I don't miss a good deal!
My entire family is on a budget for eating and fun...Groupon makes it easier and cheaper to enjoy life!
Very nice app
You can find the best deals on groupon. Its always worth it to at least look through because you may find something you have been looking for for a long time.
Hatred the earlier version of this app but more it's smooth easy to use and find everything I want and nothing I don't. 5 star from me.
Good
Hey there raccoons this app is the best ( i hope) just made my first purchase :D
Love
This is the best now i go any where and don't pay the hole amount
Easy and addictive!
I love getting the emails from groupon. I breeze through them and just delete if I am not interested! Its like coupons are looking for me..
Love groupon, so addicting
You are my Groupon, my only coupon!
I love this app! Lots of money saving offers
I love this app! Lots of money saving offers
I downloaded the app less than 2 Weeks ago and I have already purchased 2 great deals! Great deals and very easy to use!
Love it! Fantastic deals and easy to use.
Love
Can be a bit slow but easy to use.
Much easier than their real site. Like something? One click buy it. Purchase page to show vendors skips hassle of having to print too. Droid 4.
I only use the app since installing it
Looks good and is easy to use
I love shopping on Groupon. It may not have something I want everyday but I still look. Occasionally the site has something I never thought of getting before but realize I could use some products for fun or make my life easier. The app is so simple to use too.
Love this app! You can see all the deal details and purchase in seconds without having to reenter all your info. The groupon is instantly ready not like those OTHER deal guys!
Its a good app and easy to use. Shame that you have to wait til next day for voucher though :-\
Bargains gallore!!!!!!!!
This app has always worked great for me. I just wish there was a reminder you could set for yourself for when deals were about to end.
Easy to use
Easy to use
I love the variety of Groupons available. I have bought a variety of different ones and enjoyed them all.
EXCELLENT
Oh yeah
i like it
Greatest
I love this app!!!!!!!!
The apps is easy to use and fun  cause its at your fingertips.
Really easy to pick your category & snap up the deals (almost too easy) that interest you! I haven't had any issues with the app.
Totally love it!! Some of the best deals around.
Totally love it!! Some of the best deals around.
Amazing deals on everything imaginable!  Absolutely love it!
I love Groupon....it is the best since coupons
Can't fault the offers or the site,which is clear, concise & easy to use.
Amazing u can buy cheap things
Lol
Great deals!!!!
It's easy, fun and convenient.
Who doesn't love Groupon? App is easy, convenient, and always improving. My first Groupon purchase on my smart phone resulted in a 25 lb weight loss, a fantastic boyfriend and a second job. So, thanks Groupon!
Good time.. with love one!
Great deals and even better customer service
AWSOME
I love this app and website!
Great deals on a wide variety of products and things to do.
Great deals!
If you have not tried it you should!
Enjoy Groupon way to much...Im hooked...
Amazing app
I love the deals ...
Love the notifications feature and hasn't frozen yet.
Just be sure the vendor takes down the correct info before you mark as used...
We have saved so much money using this app to buy things we need and to try new experiences. Thanks Groupon!!
We have saved so much money using this app to buy things we need and to try new experiences. Thanks Groupon!!
Great
Great app!!!
Simple interface, quick transactions and easy to browse all the groupon places I frequent.  Works great on my droid pro.
I've had mostly good experiences with the deals. Check online reviews and call the business to clarify details before purchase. Groupon customer service & ease of purchase is also excellent!
Ease of use, safe to use, many good deals!
Ease of use, safe to use, many good deals!
Ease of use, safe to use, many good deals!
Intuitive, easy to browse relevant groupons and purchase them with very few clicks.
Love it
Always freindly with returns if you have a problem with a groupon
Love saving!!
love it
It has introduced our family to many places we wouldn't have previously tried.
Really cool
Got a $200 tatt for $50!!
Great bargains
Perfect
I HAVE BEEN USING GROUPON FOR A YEAR AND THE SITE HAS REALLY GOOD DEALS
:)
I love this app, super easy to use/understand. Easy payments, saves my cards for future use, love it.
Good but always research the the item first as this is not the only site doing a deal on the same thing.
Awesome .................
Awesome .................
Donwnload Groupon definitely!! Ordered three things off here in the past 2 weeks!! Good selection!!
Easy to buy with no hassles and quick access to your purchase
This app is so easy to use.  Love me some groupon!!!
Functions the way it should. Allows for ready browsing & purchase. One of the better apps I have. Samsung Galaxy S.
I love it
I am a Grouponaholic!
Love looking for great deals in unique places.
Love looking for great deals in unique places.
Love it
Love groupon!
Love the deals
Now won't open after update
Love Groupon!
Love Groupon!
Live the deals
Love it!
Love it.
This app. is an amazing moneysaver!
I love Groupon! Now I just gotta stop buying too much stuff! Ahhh lol!
Awesome app yo!!
Awesome app yo!!
Awesome app yo!!
The deals are great
Use it always!
Use it always!
Just bought half price tickets! Excited!
Great place to get ideas on what to do for that special someone or just awesome discounts for cool things and places!
Like the ease of use updates
Favorite app, great specials anytime anywhere!!
We have saved so much on new things in our area.
This is so much easier than printing and carrying coupons around.
Love it! Very handy to have on my phone!
Excellent taco salads, excellent fajitas!
I check this everyday, more then my email, facebook, and miss calls. Easy, fast, n cheap (free)!!
Great deals
Great deals.  The few times I have had issues with vendors they been very helpful and quick to solve the problem.
Love the great deals you can get!
always something fun to do with a great discount
No more looseing print out or realizing one expired!  this app gave me a reason to start taking advantage of Groupon again
No more looseing print out or realizing one expired!  this app gave me a reason to start taking advantage of Groupon again
Love the deals on here
But you have to be careful with some deals as some businesses purposefully put higher prices and bigger discounts to lure you in. Do your research
Thanks
Love it
Awesome! I spend money but on good deals!
The best ever...
Gifts idea,vacations idea. Must have.
°¿° love Groupon!!!
Love Groupon !
I always find something on here worth splurging on!
I am never paying retail again and I'm never missing another groupon
I LUV THIS APP, THE VARIETY OF MERCHANDISE TO CHOOSE FROM IS GREAT! I GOT AN EMAIL FOR 15 OFF MY FIRST PURCHASE TOO! :)
WORKS GREAT ON MY T-MOBILE HTC ONE S! SO FAR I DON' T HAVE ANY PROBLEMS. I'M LOVING IT SO FAR. KEEP BRINGING ME GREAT DEALS!
Worth downloading if you enjoy a good deal
Excellent app! Killer deals!!
Excellent app! Killer deals!!
Excellent app! Killer deals!!
Excellent app! Killer deals!!
I get great things at amazing prices.  What more could I want?
Great stuff
I love how simple it is. Best part is getting deals for other cities when I go out of town! I always check groupon when I'm traveling
Awesome A
Àwesome deals
Awesome
Good deals.
I have no issues with the app. It is nice to have the Groupons in my phone.
Love groupon!!
Its goin to be so cool and all the other losers will wep becuase im savin all da cash cha Ching im a b rich
Love this.. .
Very great ideal shoping app.
I think this app is good
Fantastic site, fabulous offers and superb service.
GREAT DEALS
Love groupon...had a few problems, but the customer service agents were always pleasant and helpful in sorting it out.
:)
Purchased theatre tickets, getaways, bowling all for far cheaper than found elsewhere. Just gotta keep having a look to find the good stuff.
THE DEALS THAT ARE FEATURED REALLY DO PERTAIN TO THINGS THAT PEOPLE NEED/LIKE TO DO
Always looking for great deals coming my way
Have gotten many things at great prices!! All quality.
Love this app. It is so much easier than printing them out.
Its great!!!
Awesome app, cupons for everything from electronics, house items, food, trips, movies, etc.
Love
Easy to use, great discount. I looooveee it!!
Was already a Groupon fan but the app takes it to the next level. Fuss-free, great interface and does what it says on the box.
Groupon has several great deals!
Works perfect on my Samsung Infuse. Never an issue
Great App, it's nice to get things at a discounted price, especially in a tight economy.
The android version is much better than thr ipod version. Nice and clear. Easy yo use.
Easy to use and great offers
I was afraid to purchase anything at first. Now I'm hooked!
I was afraid to purchase anything at first. Now I'm hooked!
See above
Great deals!
We use it to save money on just about everything!
Nice app between wanting and needing.
Best
How else would I use my groupons?!
great way to get great deals
Great deals I get to get my workout on for 15 sessions at $35 such a steal
Awesome.
I really love the new update
I really love the new update
We love Groupon. Always looking for deals.
Easy way to find things to do, and save money.
Best one
Great for couples on a budget.
Great deals
Great deals
I love the app and how easy it is to use!
Love it. Great.
This app saves me time and money
Works perfectly
I love groupon!!
I love being able to access and search my groupons everywhere!
Cheap stuff
I love the deals
Love it!
Very easy to use. Redeem without printing. No keying everything in to purchase.
Very easy to use. Redeem without printing. No keying everything in to purchase.
THE BEST DEALS EVER ARE ON HERE!!
New Groupon is much faster to load and navigate, thanks!
Exactly the app I need. From oil changes to date night :)
I <3 groupon
Easy to use and saves money!
Downloaded and purchased my first groupon within minutes.
I like it for anything but restaurants, for that scoutmob is easier with a smart phone
Love Groupon!!! Great deals on here!
Love the groupon deals I get and also the ease of using it on the phone or on your computer!
This the app everyone needs
Always something nice and on sale
Good offers available from time to time
No complaints! Great deals and couldnt ask for a better UI
So easy to view offers and make purchases.
Love this app! Great way to find amazing deals.
Works perfect on my phone and my bf and I always love seeing all the new deals to use as date ideas.
i find awesome deals and unique things!
I've been using Groupons for over a year & I've never been disappointed!  I love savings & I love options & Groupon has always giving me the best of both!!!
Simple and easy to get great deals and save money!
I always come across something good!
It takes a few seconds to load, so watch a bird fly by, then you r in. Great quick pick of what is available through their web site. Easy to surf n purchase via mobile app.
Very fast boot time since the latest update!
If you do not have this app your are missing out in some great deals.
If you do not have this app your are missing out in some great deals.
Great app love using it.  Wish shipping could improve
Great bargains,  well worth having.
Groupon is awesome! They have a great selection of... well, just about everything!
Love it!!
Pretty good so far. Only used a couple of times but it worked ok and was fairly easy to navigate.
Too much good stuff
Great app but is slow to load even with 4g network on droid bionic. Thinking of uninstalling if improvements aren't made.
I love groupon and that it gives me updates so that I don't have to worry about missing a deal!!
Had what I need right when I need it
the time. Love it!
I travel a lot Groupon always gives me someplace new to eat at a great price.
GOOD
Love love love it
Awesome deals on tons of items, and services
Works great. Makes grouponing easy.
Great deals!
Groupon has always been great, and having it on my Android is even better!
Fantastic buys.  I love groupon. Jen
BRILLIANT. Best app to have.
BRILLIANT. Best app to have.
Almost got screwed at a restaurant today.  Both my wife and I got same error.  Luckily I was able to pull up internet version to use.
Love Groupon and I'm using it now for quite a while. But this is my first purchase on my Galaxy tab - so let's see how smooth things really are running :-)
By far my favorite online service! Groupon rocks and so does their mobile app.
Convienient
Great App. Great deals!
Use this all the time
I use this way to much and love the offers I get ! Thanks !
Lots of deals
I love getting good deals and have never had issues with Groupon!!
If you don't live in a city/town of at least 250,000 you are wasting your time with Groupon.  Worthless!
Love the convenience of the app!
Love groupon!! Always find great deals! Addictive shopping
Excellent deals
Great deals and interesting items.
A+
Probably not good that it helps me spend money but definitely good that it helps me find amazing deals that are specifically catered to ME!
Probably not good that it helps me spend money but definitely good that it helps me find amazing deals that are specifically catered to ME!
Probably not good that it helps me spend money but definitely good that it helps me find amazing deals that are specifically catered to ME!
Probably not good that it helps me spend money but definitely good that it helps me find amazing deals that are specifically catered to ME!
Awesome deals
They outshine all the other electronic coupon apps out there! !
Use this all the time works really well!
Good app.
It's difficult to search for a deal I saw via email
Love this site and this app!
Fantastic Deals!!!!
Saving made fast and easy. What's not to love.
Saving made fast and easy. What's not to love.
Easy to use and full of great deals
Great deals all the time.
Great deals most days. Great app.
I love how much money I can save on a lot of things.
Love this app!
I love Groupon and have purchased several over the years. Its a great way to try new things and places at a great price!
Convenient and works well. Always use it for groupon now at lunch.
This app sends notifications even though I have that setting unchecked in the app.
Great App, Great Service.
Extremely easy to use!
Just like it says works perfect
Great
Goods on G are so cheaply made. Everything I've purchased is junk! Services and getaways are the only decent things!
Goods on G are so cheaply made. Everything I've purchased is junk! Services and getaways are the only decent things!
Works great. Love it!
I love this app!
I absolutely love groupon; I never would have tried half of the things without the coupons I've purchased. Will continue to use.
I love this app!!! It works great and it alerts me everyday with new Groupons!
One of the best apps. I have...
App works great and of course the offers are addictive.
Awesome!
amazing app forpeople on a budget
Love groupon.  Love the app.
:) I love my deals I have gotten from groupon
Great and very easy to use.
I love this app!! Never have any problems.
Great deals great stuff! Bought a few items through groupon and not one problem so far.
I look on Groupon everyday. It's nice to know that there's something still out here that saves us $
I look on Groupon everyday. It's nice to know that there's something still out here that saves us $
I use this mostly for the Goods. Theres always something I want or need. I've bought many items cus of groupon
I use this mostly for the Goods. Theres always something I want or need. I've bought many items cus of groupon
Have been using Groupon for a while. So much better as an app. Very intuitive and easy to use.
Purchased several things through the app version and no problems.
Amazing app! Great deals! Great discoveries!
Awsome deals!
Love this app best thing ever. You really pay what is says and it deliveres.
never uninstallin
Bad thing is... I spend too much money cuz there's so many too many good deals!
Bad thing is... I spend too much money cuz there's so many too many good deals!
LOVE this app and how easy it is to use._
I get the best deals here on this app.
Its a great app, but when I click into a deal, the "About this deal" section is always blacked out...please fix
Its a great app, but when I click into a deal, the "About this deal" section is always blacked out...please fix
Doesent matter what city I travel to I can always get a groupon.
Doesent matter what city I travel to I can always get a groupon.
This is one of my favorite app to use
I really like this app. It's so cool how u don't have 2print the coupon, u just show the groupon on ur phn, it gets scanned and it's a done deal!
After every upgrade of the app I begin to get daily notifications even though I've always had the "Deal Notifications" checkbox unselected. Checking, then unchecking this box usually does the trick, but it's very annoying have to do that every time the app upgrades in the background. I've never wanted notifications, fix your settings.
Love groupon!
This app is the best....the site itself actually....I look forward to the daily chime.
The best app ever.  Plenty of great local deals!
Good stuff
Fab
Groupon is the ish!
Groupon is the ish!
Love it. So many deals on things I need.
I love that you can easily just click different locations or have you home location saved to get great local deals...I have saved hundreds of dollars :)
Easy to access great for traveling. Went to florida and the most expensive thing we spent on was hidden fees. Thanks groupon!
Easy to access great for traveling. Went to florida and the most expensive thing we spent on was hidden fees. Thanks groupon!
love groupon!!
love it!
I love using Groupon, everyday I am finding deals for things I enjoy or wish to try! I get extra excited when my salon comes up!
I love groupon! It is organized and user friendly. I have received many great deals unlike some other sights where there are a couple of offers that no one wants. Thanx groupon!
I love groupon! It is organized and user friendly. I have received many great deals unlike some other sights where there are a couple of offers that no one wants. Thanx groupon!
So easy to use, brilliant!
Good
Very user friendly. And they have amazing deals!!!
We use this so much what a great way to buy goods and explore new restraunts love it
This app is very handy. It's user-friendly and I haven't found any glitches in the month I've been using it. Groupon gives great deals for my area.
I love Groupon!
Awesome site. Awesome deals
I love this app! Such great deals from food to trips to decor.
My life is more fun with the deals on groupon. I get to go out more and save money! U cant beat that! :-)
Never had any issues, I like that I can use the "Now" deals while I am on the road!
I love this app, I just spend so much time on it every day that I wish there was more lol
Awesome!
Best site for true savings.
Even with silent notification selected it will go off everyday. This is annoying when you don't want any notification from them. FIX PLEASE
Groupon is awesome. Always has great deals.
Thank you for giving the vast choice of different categories products and services. I love the news letter coming to my inbox. Great after-sales service as well. Thanks.
Love it!!!
I love it
We have tried some great new restaurants because of groupon.
What would I do without Groupon...it would be a sad existence without finding out about new places and their services.  The updated app is GREAT!  It makes you look forward to what the next new deal will be...live surprised!
I love it!
Love this app! Is very reliable, easy to use and has great deals!
I love this app always find me things cheap and near by
It's really easy to buy or redeem a groupon right from my phone.
It makes Grouponing super easy!
AMAZING!!
I love this app. They offer so many different things at rocking prices!! There is always something new, different to try.
Great deals.
Pick your interest and boom you get a chance for some great deals! Easy as pie.
Wtf thats like turning down a free coffee at Starbucks!
Love!!!!
Great deals and service
great deals
Offers r great and easy to use
Use it everyday.
Some items are not worth the high price. Items take to long to arrive  4 weeks! But over all im hooked on the great deals!
Really easy to use and quick too
Quick and ready. Not to mention paperless and handy!
Awesome.
Awesome.
It's always been great.
This app gives me the ability to use groupon to its fullest extent! I love it!
Love. Use it all the time
Love. Use it all the time
Good info. Fun to read.
Well, talking abt shopping on the go! I might have to uninstall it if I wanna save myself from my impulsive buying sprees!
I started using this as fun but now it has become a routine. I check it everyday looking for deals. I got to try new restaurants for cheaper price.
I started using this as fun but now it has become a routine. I check it everyday looking for deals. I got to try new restaurants for cheaper price.
This POS is keeping my phone from sleeping and searching for gps throughout the day...
Love it
Rocks, and everybody wins..,love it
I'm. Not a big shopper but I love deals and groupon is right at my finger tips
Great app
I love this app. It's great!
Super useful and great deals.
The best deals out there.
Love it ! I especially like how I don't have to print out the offers. I just show them on my app!
Love it ! I especially like how I don't have to print out the offers. I just show them on my app!
This was my first time using it and it was easy
Love it! Use Groupon every time I go out to eat!!
Greats deals
We love Groupon!!  Always have great deals going on!  Groupon Now is awesome also, before you go out to eat, look at Groupon now for deals.
This makes looking through deals easy
This makes looking through deals easy
<3 Groupon
I can't and won't buy most of my purchases full price. The economy is not great,but at least I get to do fun things on a budget.
Love and use it all the time
Love and use it all the time
With stuff you want and stuff you needed at amazing prices who wouldn't love it!
Love this store
Love this store
Love it, love it, love it!
Good now that the bugs are fixed with gps and purchasing
Love the app! Shows greats deals on things I love to do.
Love the app! Shows greats deals on things I love to do.
Groupon is one of the best apps I have ever downloaded!  It sends me incredible money saving reminders straight to my android phone that are relevant to the area I live in!
Easy way to save a lot on the go!
Easy way to save a lot on the go!
Always easy, phone app works great, and awesome deals!!
As a single parent, I always need to save money and Groupon certainly helps me do that!
Super way to save.  Thanks...
Effortless to use. I approve!
Groupon is the ish!!!
I use groupon all the time. Great deals for everyone in the family!
Love the app, so convenient and easy! Even faster than the website!!
I love this app. I find stuff to do at a bargain prices.
My fiancee and I constantly check the awesome deals they have available. We have had no problems with any groupon purchases, we highly recommend to everyone. God bless you all ;)
Awesome! Easy to use.
Love this App I just check it find places to go to that I like and know what IM getting before I get there!
Love this App I just check it find places to go to that I like and know what IM getting before I get there!
Easy to use.
I love the great deals
I love the great deals
Love the app. With location feature it adjusts deals to where I'm at, not where I said I was.
I can't get enough. I always find an awesome restaurant deal when in looking.
Good product, great app!!!
Excellent app. So many great deals.
Easy to use. Everyday!
We have saved so much money using this app.
Must have
Love it!
Great app for today's tough economy. I save a ton on dining out with groupon!
Amazing deals in your area! I try to check it everyday just in case I might see a good deal on a cool activity or spa treatment. I got $99 laser hair removal and even THREE one hour massages for only $65. One time i bought a package of 3 facials for a good price and when i went to the spa the facial wasnt as great as other places Ive had them before and groupon gave me a refund even though I used some of my treatments already. Ive been obssessed with groupon for years. Its impossible not to see something that you would be interested in every week!
Best n worst thing that has happened to me!!! Lol
Whenever I want to try something new I use groupon. That way if I don't like it I know that I paid less than half what it would have cost me.  Also the groupon goods are always fun. I can get my favorite perfume for more than 50% off. Love it!
love it!
So easy to use, quick, well  laid out and great quick links. love this app!
USED MY $5 OFF AND GOT ONE OF OPRAHS FAVORITE THINGS WITH TWO CLICKS!
Awesome addiction!!!
I love Groupon. I tell everybody they need to check it every day it has such teriffic deals
I love Groupon. I tell everybody they need to check it every day it has such teriffic deals
love this app especially for groupon now deals great
What a great deal!
Really easy to use
A must have app for those looking for great deals.
Great app, works fast & never freezes like Living Social. One-touch purchasing...use it all the time!
Love this service groupon provides...
Love groupon! So many great deals for everything.
Love groupon! So many great deals for everything.
Easy to use & read offers, nice text alert system rather than emails. Would like to be alble to put in multiple locations on same alert.
Easy to use & read offers, nice text alert system rather than emails. Would like to be alble to put in multiple locations on same alert.
THE TITLE SAYS IT ALL. ITS A HUGE BLESSING!
I love it instead of shopping email for groupon I can get it fast and easy on my phone app
Awesome
Great way to meet new merchants.
Phenomenal deals. I use it to buy when money is tight.
I think Groupon is a great way to save $ at your fingertips!
App works great and it's easy to use. Never pay full price for anything again! Highly recommended.
I love it!  Great deals and I get check off items on my Bucket List.
I buy at least 3 groupons a month because I always find something I want.
Love it! Changed my life style
Great deals
First of all, I love groupon as it is, the app is fab and easy to use/navigate
This app is so easy to navigate and it is a doddle to purchase items.
Great invention! I look at delas everday and always find somthing interesting and desirable at awesome artes!
Loveee it!
Brilliant app. Great deals. Nice 1 :-D
Goodstuff keep it up
One of the best apps on my phone.
Lots of good deals and a handy app
Great app, good offers, what more do you need
Good deal... great way too try new restaurants too without feeling getting ripped of even if it turns out to be not as good as u expected.
As a broke college student this app os an amazing money saver
It is great! Don't have to print out the vouchers anymore.
Great deals and easy to use.
I love the groupon app. I'll never go out to dinner at regular price again. We just pick something off groupon an go go go. So easy to use. Love it!
Groupon has so many great deals its amazing!
I LOVE THESE CHIC  DEALS!!!
AMAZING
I absolutely love the new travel deals feature. Best thing they ever done. This app is the icing on the cake.
I absolutely love the new travel deals feature. Best thing they ever done. This app is the icing on the cake.
This is the best app. It would be more great if u add more pictures of product which enables better understanding n decision making. At times I liked the product but could not choose due lack of product exposure. Thanks
Love groupon! This newest version of the app is much improved! Easy to use and view my account. Thanks for the improvements.
Love it's
The app is so easy to use. Everything you need is very well placed and functional.
GOOD DEALS at a GREAT PRICE. Thanks Groupon!
I love all the deals on this app
good app wonderful deals
I saved a ton by getting this app. Easy access to local deals.
A great way to find great deals coupled with being a good source for new things to do.
Love the deals!
Ill use this app alot. Love groupon u cant beatem.
I'm always on here, looking for fav things to do/eat. Great user IF
Love this app
Great app
I have been using Groupon since my move to Dallas. Its a great way to experience new places and good eats without breaking the bank. The same applies while traveling.  This app has worked great on my Motorola RAZR Max. I highly recommend Groupon!
I have been using Groupon since my move to Dallas. Its a great way to experience new places and good eats without breaking the bank. The same applies while traveling.  This app has worked great on my Motorola RAZR Max. I highly recommend Groupon!
App is convenient and easy to use and Groupon values and customer service are amazing!
Works with no problems. Great buys and no issues = happy person.
Works with no problems. Great buys and no issues = happy person.
I couldn't complaint if I tried...
Love the deals. Best customer service around.
Love the deals. Best customer service around.
I love that the goods category is back with the update. I just wish I would have updated sooner to see the Betsey Johnson deal before it sold out :( The app is really fun and easy to use.
I love that the goods category is back with the update. I just wish I would have updated sooner to see the Betsey Johnson deal before it sold out :( The app is really fun and easy to use.
I love the daily updates of deals in my area!
Black friday everyday only at groupon
This place has great food... Fantastic grouping!!!!
This place has great food... Fantastic grouping!!!!
I love how easy it to use this app & it stores all my groupons in one place instead of sifting through email.
I love how easy it to use this app & it stores all my groupons in one place instead of sifting through email.
brilliant app. lots of stuff to do, esp when you have a morgage and pennies are tight. have recomnended to everyone
Groupon deals are fantastic!
I love everything about this app. It's has the best deals.
I love everything about this app. It's has the best deals.
Its dangerous what group on is doing to me. Such a good app.
Quick and easy .great way to save some bucks !!!
Save loads of money on things you didn't even know you needed!
Like the quick checkout !
Groupon is great
Easy shopping.
Easy shopping.
GOOD APP
GOOD APP
Have enjoyed my groupon deals and customer service has been great.
Love it. Without it I wouldn't have had the chance to try some of three things I've always wanted to do!
Very handy!
Very convenient.  Love it!
My job requires me to be out in the field all day, and in many different locations. I never know when I'm going to get a lunch break or where I'll be when I do. Groupon offers deals all over town, so it's great for me to buy and try new places!
Love love.
Easy...works well on my galaxy s.
Love the notifications and it's organized well... super fast too. Never had a problem with it.
Local spots at half off or more- what's not to love?
Amazing Absolutely love Groupon. Great deals. I am obsessed
ALWAYS GREAT TO SAVE ON STUFF YOU WANT AND VENTURE OUT TO DO STUFF YOU WOULDN'T USUALLY DO...
Groupon offers great deals and this app is super easy to use!  Love it!
Love me some groupon deals!
LOVE this app! Sends the notification of the daily deals, can buy on my phone andve keep track of Groupons! Just wish I could pull up the gift Groupons I've given.
Blah blah blah.
So perfect
Always a deal for a new place to eat!
No problems with this app on my Galaxy Nexus.
No problems with this app on my Galaxy Nexus.
No problems with this app on my Galaxy Nexus.
I always can find a great deal.. things 50 to 100 dollars in store I can get on groupons fo 80 to 90 % off <3 groupons
Awesome app!!
Simple way to save some cash, love it!
The easiest app alternative to a website. Great, easy, well organized
Excellent app...would definitely recommend.
I always get great local deals on things I'm gonna buy anyway.
So conveniently at my fingertips! I love the deals from jewelry to things you would probably do only once in your lifetime! I couldn't all for more when out comes on to narrowing down on things that i like! It's like they can read my mind lol! I'm loving this!
Super easy to use
amazing deals.
I have found values that I would not have discovered otherwise!
Love being able to purchase without having to hop on my laptop...fast and easy!
I love this app! It gives me daily alerts of cool things to do or eat! It is definitely economical and I've done things I never would have at full price. Thank you, keep the deals coming!
I love this app! It gives me daily alerts of cool things to do or eat! It is definitely economical and I've done things I never would have at full price. Thank you, keep the deals coming!
Love my groupons, great food& spa deals
I love your deals, very reasonable, and priced right for today's economy!!
It is so user friendly!!!
This is my favorite app!
This is my favorite app!
Easy to use and fast purchases!
Love this app, groupon rules.
Love this app, groupon rules.
I love it.. such a usable easy app.. and convenient
Works as intended! Fast, Efficient and Aesthetically appealling. Checkout is secure and easy.
Works as intended! Fast, Efficient and Aesthetically appealling. Checkout is secure and easy.
Great app. Easy to use
Great app. Easy to use
I love groupon.  Out of all the discount places that I have tried, this is the best!  the businesses are quality and the savings are significant.
Easy to use, doesn't lock up!
Lots of good stuff
makes going out affordable! also will give money back or credit if an establishment deny's you
makes going out affordable! also will give money back or credit if an establishment deny's you
Awesome
Great deals
:) greattt
GREAT.DEALS :b
Is awesome.
Is awesome.
Works as it should!
So much easier to use on the app than scrolling through the web page. I'll definitely use it again!
It didn't give me the option to plug inmy discount code.
It didn't give me the option to plug inmy discount code.
Great deals around Chicago and great customer service.
Shows u sooo many good deals....and they are so random so u are always wanting to see them
Very good application and way easy to use. One recommendation is too allow multiple screens for towns. I travel a lot and i am constantly checking multiple towns. It would be easier to have favorite towns already up. Love this though!
I don't know about other cities, but there are always good deals and groupons in Dfw. 6 bucks for a movie ticket with a drink at studio movie grill is just an example of a favorite!
I love, love, love Groupon. The deals are awesone & I haven't been let down yet. I tell everyone I know about it. Groupon is awesome!
Always has fun things and good savings. You can even set it to give you groupons based on your interests. App is always updating me daily.
Awesome deals and awesome prices!!!!
Disable the emails and just get the app! Does everything you expect it to except it would be great if it would notify you when your favorite groupon came up or one similar to what you are looking for.
I enjoy the option to explore new things at a discounted rate. It's convenient to choose deals in my area that I would normally buy in some far distant city. I can now make a choice as to where I get discounted goods. Thanks groupon!
Awesome deals.  Definately not for the purchaser without will power with all the deals!
Cool app, I really like it, but it turns out that groupon is offering deals for circus tickets..so I will be uninstalling. Circuses are barbaric and disgusting.
It's wonderful to be able to experience new restaurants as well as some old favorites at discounted prices.
I love how easy it is to maker your purchase on my phone!!
I love groupon.
I love groupon.
Promised & great service.
Need more deals, groupon pls be less greedy... so we can get more deals out there.
Easy to buy and use groupons.  No hassle!,
Easy to buy and use groupons.  No hassle!,
I love Grouping!
Can't deselect cities I don't want. Rather annoying
Groupon is the best. They have.really good deals. I haven't had a problem with them yet.
Good deals!
This is wonderful and so easy.  Groupon has amazing deals on things you need everyday.  I use Groupon several times a week whether its getting dinner deals for date night with my owners or a nice afternoon at the SPA.  I highly recommend this!
Great deals
It's good always works
Sweet App! Easy to use
I love Groupon .  Sad to see their stocks falling because I wake up to this app almost every day to see the deals.  Good luck to you Groupon!!
I love Groupon .  Sad to see their stocks falling because I wake up to this app almost every day to see the deals.  Good luck to you Groupon!!
Great deals and very easy to use app
Always great deals love this app.
Great way to try new stuff often!
Great way to try new stuff often!
SIR
ALWAYS HAVE GREAT DEALS , WHO WOULDN'T LOVE TO SAVE ? ! :)
Aww  yeah
Saved a TON of $$$ so far! NEVER pay full price. Great while traveling!
Easy to use, great app
Gives you options on dull days and great gift ideas. Love it.
Just bought 3 chiropractic visits for 79 bucks.
Groupon promotes animal abuse through deals for inhumane businesses.
Easy and quick to use. Way to simple!
Great deals
Has proven useful
Very good
My wife and I love trying new resturaunts and this gives us ideas and gives a discount
keep up the good work!
Seriously, i love all of the great deals i've bought so far: Shoes, movie tickets, a painting, and even a new asus tablet. You can buy just about anything through groupon. The Groupon support team is also very quick to reply if you ever need help. They are so much help if you ever have any questions or problems. Thanks Groupon.
I am very happy with this app... I have never had any problems and I love being able to buy something on the go! And there isn't just food and activities, there are vacations and you can personalize what you want to see! Excellent!
Truly incredible savings. We have saved hundreds in the first two weeks.
Easy to navigate! Love this app
Used it the first time I looked at it, great deals and my friends use it too
Had for a year now. Great places to go for very cheap.
Had for a year now. Great places to go for very cheap.
Love this app!!!
I love this app! Prefect way to save some money on thing you really want!
Great app
Great app to go along with great company. Love getting daily deals.
Love this app. We've done so many activities at a fraction.of the cost thanks to groupon. Keep.it up!
Unuseful deals with annoying notifications
Shoppers best friend... Wallets worst nightmare lol
I love it!!  You save on items/outings you didn't even know you were interested in!
Easy and quick !
Love it. I've been addicted for quite some time now! Mainly the restaurant deals :)
Very easy to use & the deals are in the areas I saved. Love it!
This app is easy to use and perfect for finding get deals in your area
This is for you if you like to save money
Fantastic! Love the local deals!
App works great, killer deals...
App works great, killer deals...
Sometime three app freezes otherwise its pretty good
Awesome app to have
Awesome app to have
:-)
*:-)
I love this app! I can find great deals for my parents for presents because I can look at the deals available where they live.
Love the deals, especially restaurants and entertainment!  :)
Groupon is great. It saves me money but definitely helps me spend money in things I wouldn't otherwise buy! But really it's great.
Fast easy,  good interface
GREAT DEALS ON EVERYTHING!!
I love Groupon. Not only does it save us money, but it lets us know of all the cool things to do all around us. Never a problem redeeming coupons.
And the app does wonders for me catching deals on the fly.
I love the savings
Great groupons. Please add reminders or favorite options so you can buy later or watch an item before it expires!
Very easy to use.
Very simple and easy.  Love it
Simple and straightforward to use. Lots of great offers.
This new app freezes all the time.  Groupons old app was great. Their new app is terrible
This new app freezes all the time.  Groupons old app was great. Their new app is terrible
This new app freezes all the time.  Groupons old app was great. Their new app is terrible
Loads quickly, easy to use
I have nothing but good to say about groupon and its app. Haven't had a bad experience yet.
Love it.
Does what it's supposed to, with a intuitive and easy to use interface.
THE BEST DEALS ARE HERE!
I love it that i am so updated with the latest local deals and i dont have to print some of the vouchers / groupon for me to be able to use it. I just have to show them my groupons from my phone or tablet (wifi only).
I love this app.....man I gotta stop shopping, on the real though I m glad of all the $ I have saved using this app , plus its a different adventure every week .....they give the ideas people !
I love this app.....man I gotta stop shopping, on the real though I m glad of all the $ I have saved using this app , plus its a different adventure every week .....they give the ideas people !
Best App
Provides opportunities for amazing deals on products services entertainment & travel
So many great and I've saved so much money, I love groupon!
I have been very pleased with all of my Groupon purchases. I would like them to offer more car wash deals in my area though!
I love groupon!
I'm not one to go out shopping for deals, so Groupon is perfect for me, it places the deal in my hands!
Use it constantly
I live to see the daily GROUPON deals which are so easy to view, purchase, review, and redeem right from my phone!!
GOOD....
Love the deals, always find something to do without spending a bunch of money! 5 star app
Always an awesome experience
Always an awesome experience
Always an awesome experience
I love it! It's easy and convenient!
Groupons is the best!
Love this app!
Always a surprise, most always usable items.
It makes finding and buying groupons sooo easy! :)
Even though I've chosen the United Kingdom lots of times, it keeps giving me American cities. DOES NOT WORK.
Obviously awesome. Get you're head out of the sand
Obviously awesome. Get you're head out of the sand
Obviously awesome. Get you're head out of the sand
The app is quick and helpful for some great deals
I love Groupon. I believe 50% or more of my online shopping is done via Groupon....
I find the best deals in town. Lots of variety and prices are exceptionally low, quality is excellent! Great way to start Christmas shopping early! I used to check Ebay for good deals now I check Groupon!
I like groupon but the app causes problems and doesn't always work even if I have a full signal.
nvr had a problem and use it all the time!
I love groupon and so far the app works great!
I love groupon and so far the app works great!
I just installed this app on my new Nexus 7 tablet and made a quick purchase and it was smooth as butter!
Love this app!  Planned my kids' summer activities around the groupon deals. It was fun and spontaneous. The "just show your voucher" is the best part.   I did notice, I would get an error message saying, "no internet connection" but I would hit the cancel button and continue.
Some of the deals are just incredible! The ones I get for my boys really make our outings affordable!
Easier to use, quicker, cleaner aesthetic. Like it very much.
Awesomeness! If you don't have it, you're nuts. ...
I love groupon!
Great way to find random deals!
I love groupon. It always has the best deals when I want them. Easy to search and easy to purchase. Super user friendly.
Good deals, convenient & easy to use.. need better food offers though
Luv it
Awesome value.
I admit it.  I'm addicted.  A must have for groupon junkies!
I admit it.  I'm addicted.  A must have for groupon junkies!
Love the notifications feature because I don't want to miss any good deals. Overall a great app. 5 stars.
Love the notifications feature because I don't want to miss any good deals. Overall a great app. 5 stars.
I love the fact that I receive great deals directly sent to my phone I just purchased one today :)
So easy to use.
Saves me money!
Best app. A lot of great deals.
Love this app!!!!
LOVE IT!!!!
Excellent service and always standing behind products!
Great Deals
Really found some great deals on here!! App is great!!
I just LOVE the idea that I can purchase AND redeem groupons with this app!  :)
Luv it
Discovering places and events near my home that I didn't know were there! Great deals on travel.
Brilliant..best app I have..easy to use, can change where your looking for deals and not a glitch in sight.
what an incredible range of awesome deals and products, and the easiest purchase system ever...goodbye paper coupons that you have to carry around,  hello app for android!
Love this app! Love Groupon!
Love the app...now if only it remembers your favorite places to check for deals, it would be so much better.
Thank you for the great deals!
It works as it should.
Great
Something for every taste and budget.  App responds quickly!
Too slow now
Great reliabe deals!
So many awesome deals all the time! Love the variety!
I have found so many cool places because of this app. Only downside is it's way too easy to impulse shop from my phone. LOL
Muhahahaha i love you groupon!
Love the deals!!!
Love the deals!!!
This is such a great app providing the convenience of savings right at your finger tip from hair tools, getaways, and jewelry to bakeries and restaurants.
IT'S A REAL GOOD THING TO HAVE IN YOUR PHONE, LOVE IT.
Love this app
Love the choices lots to chose from will only use you from now on
Works smooth for ASUS tablet. Offers the best deals (:
I love groupon. Constantly checking to see the great deals
Love groupon cant beat the deals
So easy to use and has great deals!
I love it! I get the best deals on things that I actually like and will use.
Always finding good deals.
Absolutely love this app and these are some amazing deals. Plus this is a great way to find new things to do in my city. Just recently found Monster Putt Putt golf in San Antonio !! Who knew !?!? Now my son, husband and I always have something to do and we don't have to break the bank to do it !
I wish I knew about Groupon a long time ago. There are great deals for everyone.
Love getting daily deal. App works great on g2
Nice
I've been using my app for about 11months now and it has really opened my palate up to places in my city I've never known about. I change my app location whenever I try, I can't go wrong with it. Now occasionally you run into the small business that isn't really ready for the traffic but the customer service you receive from groupon always rectifies the situation. I am a groupon user and proud of it... Download it love it use it!
It completely destroys my battery for some reason. I have to manually "force stop" the application every morning and after any use. Using a Droid X.
It completely destroys my battery for some reason. I have to manually "force stop" the application every morning and after any use. Using a Droid X.
I use it all the time wherever i go! Great restaurants and the Vistaprint groupons are my favorite!
I use it all the time wherever i go! Great restaurants and the Vistaprint groupons are my favorite!
I use it all the time wherever i go! Great restaurants and the Vistaprint groupons are my favorite!
Love it
They made it way easier to shop.
It's fantastic!
How can you not love groupon? They are awesome and have amazing deals that save you money and help you step out of your comfort zone to try something new. Groupon is a must have and I tell everyone I come across about it.
Love my groupon app!
Well made app and great offers
Give it a try and u wont regret it. So much great deals
Give it a try and u wont regret it. So much great deals
as mentioned
I didnt know whether to trust it at first but it works great!!!!!!!! I think i found my new favorite app!!!
The app is painfully slow.  The design is good and would get close to five stars were it not for the performance.  The splash screen stays on for over ten seconds before going to the main page.  Switching between tabs also takes several seconds.    My phone is pretty old at this point (Evo 4G) but runs other apps with no problems.  Even 3D games load faster than this
App helps keep me up to date with latest groupon deals perfectly.
This app on my galaxy s3 does not give me any option to select Australia or Perth...the listing is only US cities..can some one fix this also does not goes back from the state list remains on the same page unless selected..
This app on my galaxy s3 does not give me any option to select Australia or Perth...the listing is only US cities..can some one fix this also does not goes back from the state list remains on the same page unless selected..
I'm addicted to groupon
Saves your credit card so u can make your purchase with one button. Hope u find things you like
Its so addicting! The only thing that sucks is when you buy something that needs to be shipped to you. I waited the maximum shipping period everytime! Other than that, love the deals!
I use groupon all the time to take advantage of take out and dine in with the family...great app!!!
I'm going broke spending money!
Excellent app.
Great values, easy to use, what's not to Love!!??
GREAT DEALS !!!!
Great app. Very user friendly.
Great deals and cone on who doesn't like getting what they love at a great price!
The Groupon App works great and it's not annoying. Get it!
I love theze savinqs!
Great deal app
Absolutely loooove this!!
Its nice to get good deals every once in a while!
Its nice to get good deals every once in a while!
Its nice to get good deals every once in a while!
Can't beat groupon
I love Groupon... I always find neat things to do that I never knew about too. Fast and convenient from my app.
Is amazing. Has new and exciting things that everyone can enjoy. Does not disappoint...especially with pricing. Great!
Never a problem. Easy to use.
Great app
Love it!
Groupon is a great way to find quality products, goods and services at great prices....this is a single person's beat kept secret!
I love getting updates for the delish food and awesome goods that are o  sale. And what's even better is that the app itself works without any gliches
So easy!
So easy!
So far so good. I can see myself using this application often.
Best!
Great app!
Great app!
Love it.  Great deals.
Love it.  Great deals.
I love Groupon!
I Love Groupon, BUT really LOVE it SOOO MUCH MORE IF... YOU HAD MORE CHOICES OF BEDROOM,BEDDING, anything bedroom especially this one mattress it's like a $4,000 mattress I've looked everywhere!!  I have to buy this for my MS (Multiple Sclerosis) :(
Great app. So easy to use.
Easy to use and navigate. User friendly interface
Quick and easy one click purchases. Great app :)
Easy to use.  Saves money.
Easy to use, smooth and hopefully secured.
Been using Groupon ever since it got started. The lastest version takes FOREVER to load up. This is really annoying when you're trying to use a voucher at a merchant and there is a line behind you. Speed things up, Groupon! HTC Evo 4g LTE
The best way to save money...
Easy way to purchase Groupons.  Works well.
The best choice ever!!!
Dont work for Galaxy S3... too bad!
Groupon gives great deals and the app is super easy.
As long as your not impulsive this little app can save you a pritty pennie or two!
Awesome App so far...
Awesome App so far...
Thank you Groupon for easing the financial  burden for this single mom. Great app with great deals. I've been keeping my teens busy with this lil app of fun!
Great. Affordable. Introdductory to everything tour local city has to offer. Approve!
Love Groupon!
Keep them coming
Great deals if you catch them right!!
Never know what  you will find.
When in doubt, groupon now!
LOVE IT!
Great prices for great NYC things from a great service!
Groupon rocks my face off!
Just as the title says.
Nice
What's not to love about Groupon.
Awesome
I love good deals!!
Great app.
Great application and specials
Excellent retrieval on the go. Sometimes a bit slow to load but understandable as its a lot of pics/info.
Great deals!
Get all kinds of deals: movie tickets, hotels, bowling, food, and so much more for crazy discounts
App always works..get great deals all the time.
It's a great app that's fast and easy to purchase great deals around my area.
It's a great app that's fast and easy to purchase great deals around my area.
I absolutely LOVE groupon!!!
Great deals
Love  it. At times it does force closes. Please fix
I use Groupon every week.
I use Groupon every week.
Only offers a few groupons a day but there's usually a few gems a week. Easy 1 touch purchase.
LOVE GROUPON!
I use Groupons all the time. I've been to some great placed because of it!
Fantastic
Probably my favorite app ever! I love to save money on things I would be buying anyway.
I love Groupons fun savings surprises!
I like the convenience of the app, I have purchased many items from it. I would give five stars if there was an organized way to view the products. Having to scroll through a long list to get to past deals OS a bit annoying, especially since there are so many great deals. :-)
Just wish they had on started for Idaho falls
Great app and it makes using groupons so easy
:)
Always manages to get great deals on great products/events and things to do
Only problem with it is, it makes it way too easy to spend money!
Great site for a cheap meal the wife thinks she's getting taken out for a expensive meal but she doesn't know I have a cheaky  wee voucher up my sleeve haha.
Love it
Can't live without it!
Money saving offers, great customer service...zero negatives.
Groupon opens up new actives and experiences that are right in your backyard that you had no idea ever existed. But the best part is that they give you a chance to attend at a discounted rate!!! Love it!
Better then Orange Leaf!!
Love the deals, it makes trying new places less scarey!
Very convenient and easy app. Groupon stays on top against all competitors.
Grouping app is awesome. Now your not restricted to a home computer.
Need option to opt out of deal notifications ..I already get those in my email...phone battery gets drained
Not enough deals for kids!
Not enough deals for kids!
Shows me daily the deals available, have got some great offers from it
its present better than the website but it has no language to choose.
THE BEST
i am enjoying the savings
Love it!
I love this app and website. It's the best place for discount flights, dining, vacation packages etc. You can't go wrong with this app at all
I love this app and website. It's the best place for discount flights, dining, vacation packages etc. You can't go wrong with this app at all
Amazing
Sometimes it gets jumbled up but still great!
USEFUL
Get all the great savings at the touch of a button...
Its a awsome app love the deals
I looove it!
Not only is this app great for places you already visit but get to know new spots in the area. The best coupon app out there
Awezome app with good deals
So easy love it!
I have got some awesome deals ..  this ap rocks
Always has great deals on items or services I can use.
Great application. Great deals
The app is god and i haven't had any issues. Love the deals!
Love the types of groupons provided and the money they save me!
We use it for all local and travel deals.
Awsome app, I have saved alot of $$$$ on shoes, food and fishing trips. No complaints.
Awsome app, I have saved alot of $$$$ on shoes, food and fishing trips. No complaints.
Love groupon and all their amazing deals!
Yay. Flawless
Love groupon
We use Groupon for EVERYTHING!
I've been using Groupon for 2yrs now and have never had a problem.
Awesome app!
Love it. I've been to restaurants I would have never thought to go to. I've done things I have been wanting or needing to do for awhile for amazing prices. Excellent deals!!!
Woot
Woot
Groupon is the best!!!!
I love the groupon deals. There customer service is great too.
Is a fabled little app and has saved me a fortune! Utterly fabulous!
This is the best app for getting discounts on all kinds of things.
Love Groupon!
Hasn't disappointed me since I've been using it! Just wish customer service had longer hours.
Great idea
i love that it keeps info so i don't have to stop and look for my card  this makes it very convenient!
i love that it keeps info so i don't have to stop and look for my card  this makes it very convenient!
Groupon has given me great deals and helped me to expand my interests
Great food
Does what its supposed to.
Love Groupon
doesn't load… was working fine the other day. uninstall now!!
I LOVE this app.
Great app, keep it up!
Love it
Love saving $
I love groupon
5star
I love Groupon the app works perfect!
Easy to use.
Title says it all.
Groupon Tucson features the places i already love and great new places that i never knew about. In Love!
Best deals
Best deals
I loveeeee groupon! I check it every day to see the new deals they have, I've bought more than 20 separate items through this app already and will definitely keep using it :)
Worked perfectly and seems secure. I am impressed with how quick I was able to buy the dealI wanted and.how easy the process was.
Worked perfectly and seems secure. I am impressed with how quick I was able to buy the dealI wanted and.how easy the process was.
Love love love it!!!
Love love love it!!!
Groupon rocks, love the deals, doing things I've always wanted to do now that it's all affordable! Awesome!
Always a deal to treat friends.
Love it
Easy to use and a great value.
Love looking on groupon everyday for awesome affordable deals!!
Amazing deals for Arizona. Thx for the $$$ savings :-)
Savings my way.
Easy to use
Great deals
Love all the deals
Love groupon! Its awesome!!!!
Love groupon! Its awesome!!!!
Works well, and it's nice to be able to use the groupons directly from my phone without having to print something.
Works well, and it's nice to be able to use the groupons directly from my phone without having to print something.
I really like the recent UI changes Groupon made to the app. Its clean, clear and it flows.
Good app and the best deals on everything!
Great deals and what's nice is that out of the 15 or so orders I've made with grouping, only one got messed up due to me not updating my address so I never got my item. Groupon gladly refunded me my money.
Works great. No problems.
One of my favorite daily apps to look at!
Great!! Makes it easy and so convenient to SAVE $$$
Awesome app, awesome service, no complaints
I love groupon, I'm so addicted can't wait til midnight to see what's comn next!
;)
aaaaaaaaaa :-)
The deals are awesome.. And I am always looking to save money!
Love it. Using it a lot more w phone app
Processes transaction efficiently.
Such great deals!
Such great deals!
Love everything about it
Love everything about it
Great Buy.Great Discounts
Use this app all the time. Seems much more convenient to use it on my phone than to sit on the computer and browse.
Honestly, thats all that needs to be said.
LOVE THIS APP
Excellent service and app. A great excuse to explore new venues or just save on the usual hang out spots!
I love this app! This app give me savings right at my finger tips, and the convenience of not having to log on to my computer.
GOOD DISCOUNT!
Beware, you will go broke buying things here
Love the deals, love the app, love the choices
Love this app & better deals than "Scoutmob".
Awesome
find some really good things on here. helps you get out more and do things you would not normally do
find some really good things on here. helps you get out more and do things you would not normally do
Love it.
I love this....get it an get the good stuff cheap!
I love this....get it an get the good stuff cheap!
Super awesome app! A must-have for great deals. Easy to use and great updates!
Awesome...love it
No issues on Samsung Galaxy
Love this, buy one at least once per week in Chicago!
So easy to use and have gotten some really great deals. I tell everyone they should sign up.
App makes it easy to monitor Groupons so you don't miss the best ones!
We love Groupon!
We love Groupon!
If you love saving money on anything from lunch to spa treatments to kayaking and auto detailing, this app is a must! I have literally saved hundreds of dollars since I began using Groupon! It has great instant deals and deals for things you'll use down the road too!
Credit card and buying is user-friendly
Works well and great deals!
Great deals
I check this app every day like its the daily newspaper. It has the best deals!
Excellent app, easy use.
SIMPLY THE BEST!!
Love being able to buy great deals for myself and family!
Awesome deals. We have used 5 or 6 already and never had any problems.
Awesome
Great App
Best app and it saves you time!
Always great deals!!!!
It's amazing... I get so many good deals
This app is easy to use, no more printing out and having to remember paper redeeming codes, and something new and exciting to do it at my fingertips everyday. Good job with the app guys.
This ap is great I love it :)
i just love this app!!
Love seeing all the daily deals!
Always has great deals!!
love it! love it! loooooove  it!
Very cost saving
Never had any issues with it. Works great.
Addicting
I love deals and i love groupon!
Almost always something I want!
I have been using groupon for more than a year and it's been great. Great deals for everyone.
Love the app
you can get a whole bunch of stuff without spending your whole paycheck! *amazing savings*
Very easy to use, love it!
Great for finding deals.
I am able to dine out with groupon....love it
I love groupons, and so do my kids...we do a lot if things!!
I love groupons, and so do my kids...we do a lot if things!!
I love groupons, and so do my kids...we do a lot if things!!
Always has deals for things I need, and things I didn't know I needed. ;)
Very convienient!
I use Groupon ALL the time!
Awsomeness!
Awsomeness!
Great deals!!!
Highly recommend
Great deals!
I love groupon!
best site ever
'nuff said. But if you need a suggestion, cut back on # of getaways you list each day. Takes too long to scroll to the end. Maybe turn into a list if you have that many listings? Dealing w/ 3 in of phone here ... :-P
I get amazing deals that are local and more personalized.
Get great deals on dining out, personal improvements, items for the home, fun date ideas... I love this!
Its always easy and has the best deals.
Great deals on just about everything
Slow to load but easy once loaded.
Love Groupon
Awsome
Awesome app love it
I love it! I can always find great deals.
Fantastic app
Love the deals!!!
Easy to use,  thank you
Easy to use,  thank you
Easy to use,  thank you
Great deals!
I can't believe I lived life without this and when it made it into an app even better
I love how I can easily look for a deal wherever I am in the city. Whenever me and my friends are.in the mood for an adventure this is the best app for such task
Seems legit
Seems legit
So easy and convenient ...love it!
So easy and convenient ...love it!
use it a lot for massages and restaurants
i really don't like having my credit card info stored on apps, but what the hey,  i love the deals!
I use this app and get great deals all the time
No hassle deals
Great deals ....I am hooked. I use it frequently.
Love it!
Love it! Have made 2 purchases so far and have had no problems.
I love this app! Now I never forget my Groupons at home!
I've been using this app for only a couple months but,I love this app so far!
Xx
Ok so I'm not Jamaican, but a wise man once heard that when someone takes half off its time to jump on it.  Does that make me the wisest man alive?  Well if groups of thousands jump on a Groupon that I'm in on, then many wise people may say so.
Grouponing is my newest addiction. Love, love, love it 2 thumbs up.
Groupon's app is sleek, easy to use, and I've never had a problem. I buy for them weekly.
Awesome deals...will come again :)
Awesome!
Wow Love deals Easy to buy If not happy with purchase  Returns are not a hassle Keep evolving Groupon!
What's even better than saving big money via Groupon on my computer? Being able to save big money by using the Groupon app on my phone!  Works flawlessly and now my Groupons are always with me, without having to waste paper by printing them
I love it one of the best apps I have.!
App works great for some reason I can't open it now. Can I reinstall and not loose my purchases?
GREAT DEALS FOR ALL SORTS OF FAMILY FUN, FOOD, AND PLACES.
Great app! Easy to navigate your groupons and view daily deals from your mobile
Great deals. Secure. Easy to use
Great app and great deals! I'm always in the mood for saving money!
Good app but past few months groupons have only been for big vacation things instead of smaller thing like dinner and outings.
I absolutely love Groupon & this app is the best!!! One click & done!!! It gets no better than that..
Best app available.
Great deals. Way better than living social.
So convenient and easy to use.
So convenient and easy to use.
Great interface for mobile, and this app has saved me tons of money! What more can you ask for?
Love it
Excellent app. So userfriendly and such great deals
Extremely good app!!!
Extremely good app!!!
My fave place to check for local things to do :)
I love the cheap deals!
Great idea, simple to use, and great deals!
I love using Groupon, I always find amazing deals! I always find the opportunity to share its existence with my family and friends! :) I love that its a trust worthy company with excellent customer service! I've had issues with some groupons I had bought previously and they returned my money with no problem :) Also, the app its self is great! I love it instead of getting emails and its very easy to use!
Its so awesome it makes awesome look more Awesome .!!
I hate this app. Slow, unintuitive.
I hate this app. Slow, unintuitive.
Easy to use. App is very slow.
Easy to use. App is very slow.
Just wish I could turn off the alerts since I already get them via email.
How did we ever live before Groupon? App is easy with nice Ui.
Almost TOO easy.  Love it.
I love groupon! I will never pay full price again, already purchased my first getaway to costa rica!
Since the new update, the app rarely opens properly and constantly freezes
Great ideas, need more for Rockhampton, Mackay and Townsville.
Love this APP!!!
I'm always on the run and love to get good bargains. The groupon app is just perfect for me.
Awesome! So convenient!
I love this app and have used it often.  Great and easy way to save money on good deals.  App works great!
Great deals in NYC!
Very good variety of deals with outstanding discounts
really good take customer advice seripusly now can be install on phone great if u have phone with small space and very smooth to use
really good take customer advice seripusly now can be install on phone great if u have phone with small space and very smooth to use
Excellent! Download it!
If you are looking for good deals this is the perfect app that will help.  Put in your likes, area you are in...deals are there.  I travel for my job and its nice to get deals in different states.
Great ap finds incredable deals near my area
Love this app!
Love this!!
Great deals
Best site for alot of additional fun & great rates..if your not on this site I don't even consider your services, we luv discounts :)
So easy to use! Love it!
the website has such great deals. if only I had more money to get them all :( lol
LOVE IT
A must have app
Groupon offers a variety of activities at a discounte rate. I've tried new places due to Groupon and have never been disappointed. Easy to use!
had this app for about a month before I actually used it, why did I wait so long? Now I click daily deals all the time and save on everything!
Very easy to use.
Absolutely the best deal app out there. I'd give more stars if it was possible
I love how I can use the coupon from my phone.
Love It
Love these deals!!
Easy to use & buy your vouchers
Love groupon!
Ive purchased soooo many great de als already. It only geys better!
Save money easily with interesting offers. The application is easy to use and is well organized.
Show more promotion
Keep it up!
Keep it up!
Great
Easy to use, makes purchases quick and easy.
Its good deals for u
Its good deals for u
There's so many great deals there's something there for everyone!
Cool
They usually have pretty good deals and has bot failed me yet with anything that I've ordered.
I love the simplicity of this app!
Awesome!!!!
I love that I get notification of the daily deals but then I can also check the app for deals near me!!!!
I love that I get notification of the daily deals but then I can also check the app for deals near me!!!!
I love that I get notification of the daily deals but then I can also check the app for deals near me!!!!
I love this app! I have enjoyed the deals and look forward to taking a trip in the spring.
I'm saving so much money every day with Groupon!
Best of all the similar companies out there.  Best customer service, best options, best deals.
Best of all the similar companies out there.  Best customer service, best options, best deals.
Have had some great bargains on here and often they last longer than stated. Great app
So far this kills the Groupon app for iOS I had on my iPod touch
So far this kills the Groupon app for iOS I had on my iPod touch
Love the web on my phone. Great deals.
Great deals, app works flawlessly. Have purchased a few things without any problems.
The key to groupon is speed and info.  The app allows me to see deals quick, learn about the deals, and buy quickly.  Great app.
The key to groupon is speed and info.  The app allows me to see deals quick, learn about the deals, and buy quickly.  Great app.
AWESOME APP!! GIVING U THE OPPORTUNITY TO ENJOY WHAT U MIGHT THINK U CAN'T AFFORD!! 5 STARS!!
Great deals!!!
We love Groupon, app is easy to use and is easy to access!
Awesome app! Love getting my daily groupons
I love the simplicity of the app, makes purchases easy peasy.
Easily accessible
Best App Ever! Buy them all the time and customer service is friendly and flexible	LOVE GROUPON! customer service is really nice too
I love groupon, and the app just makes the process easier to buy and save!!
I love groupon, and the app just makes the process easier to buy and save!!
All the services are from reputed clients. I am not big spender, yet the deals had come up so usefull. Groupon I love you. I do keep telling my friends about it. Spread the word several time in a day I check for any new deals coming up. So far its limited. But the growth is consistant.
Great app.
Great daily deal notifications
I've done the other apps like living social, bogo etc. They aren't as diverse in there choices & updates of new items. Love it!
The app takes a while to load but works great.
My favorite app
This app is awesome and so easy to use
So many ways to save money! Great deals! A must have!!!
Groupon has seriously changed my life. My summer has been ridiculously eventful with awesome activities that are found at affordable prices!
I love this app! I already was a Groupon user b4 downloading the app. I love the ease of navigation & purchasing :)
First thing I check before I go out to find great deals! Love it:-)
Easy to use...right to my phone!
I really like that the companies repeat on Groupon. More savings on things that I have already used.
Excellent
Excellent!!!
Beware, this can be hazardous to your health...awesome experience!
You can't go wrong with this app!
I love groupon so having this app on my tablet & phone is a must. I check it out @ least once a day. I've made several purchases thru the app and its super easy. Couldn't imagine not having it available to me. If u don't have it u should get it BC ur missing out on hundreds in savings @ ur finger tips!
love it but alil slow to load
I've found more on the app than I have in the website! It's great!
super easy to browse and purchase groupons
Don't need to print off anything, can shop restaurants on the fly.  What a great app!!!!
Loving it but wish money grew on trees
I love the great deals they offer. I got a oil change for $11 and I just now purchased a deal to get pictures done for $16 at a $144 value. This is my favorite app on my phone!!
Great! I love groupon goods!
Never disappointed with the amazing deals Groupon offers daily.
Biggest experiences possible. Wonderful deals and authentic description makes it worth buying.
Great app :-)
Great app :-)
Love saving money with Groupon!!!
Works perfectly with simple ui design. Love the deals. Love the app
I love groupon and now I love this app it is great I love how it shows all the different categories the only thing I wish it had a short user aid at the beginning just to get you started
Love the map function to find deals close to home and places you visit often.
Groupon now has the best deals!
Groupon offers reasonable discounts for working class people/ families. I always shop here first when looking for an affordable vacation for my family
Great great
Convenient fragility. Love it!
We are new to seattle and have so much fun exploring restaurants and activities through groupon!  Love it
Easy to use with great deals and always plenty to find!
Easy to use with great deals and always plenty to find!
Love it.  Super easy to use!
I never Miss a great deal now.
Love it . Dot com
Love it . Dot com
Love saving $
I  just love it its great ...just bought 2 groupons spend $20 and got $45 to spend on dine in restaurants...love it
I  just love it its great ...just bought 2 groupons spend $20 and got $45 to spend on dine in restaurants...love it
You get exactly what is advertised at discounted prices! If there is a problem they take care of it ASAP unlike other sites I have purchased from. Keep up the good work!
Awesome
Awesome
Love this app. No matter what city I'm in I can find a great deal in minutes!
Easy to use, alerts u of a new deal everyday
Easy to use, alerts u of a new deal everyday
My item finally arrived. Not group one's fault.
I love the deals!
I love the deals!
Very good app
Love it
Various deals all around town and so easy to buy!
Love the deals
Love this app.
Brilliant
Had excellent bargains on several purchases. Real products/real quality spa services at fraction of usual price. Whoever started groupon, thanks!
User friendly app highly recommended
So easy to use. Able to check other cities with just a touch of the button. Orders are completed in seconds.
Very handy
I love groupon
Love this app!
Money saver!
Saved me so much money already!
Absolutely love this app :)
Very happy
Perfect for on the go
Its true,  I do LOVE a deal! Groupon lets me indulge my frugal side while pleasing the inner consumer in me.
Best app around, Menchies groupon!!!!!!
It ok if you dont mind the endless emails
Fast and easy to use
Theres no reason why anyone shouldnt have Groupon.  So many great deals and tons of savings! I love the family deals such as zoo, aquarium, childrens museum, etc.  I always purchase these as its more than half off admission! This is great for families and anyone who loves to save $$   -Shanay S
Love it
Ap works perfect, never had an issue with shipping..LOVE IT
I love this. It has so many specials that r great
Great app with great deals.  So easy to use!
Great deals and a great easy to use app. Thanks Groupon.
Groupon has allowed this Chi town gurl 2enjoy what H~Town has to offer!!!!! Great deals at great prices....I love groupon!!!
Great
Love Groupon!
Great application
Flawless app. The only thing that grinds my gears is that you cant track your order. You have to go to the website and track it their. Other than that,keep it up
Very fun if you love to try new adventures.  There are some really good deals offered through Groupon.
It's that simple, I love Groupon
Use this to explore the world around you!
My girlfriend is going to love me even more thanks to these expeditions :-)
We have used groupon for a multitude of things. Zip lines, shoes, photobooks, museums, shopping and now a flight and dinner!! Which will be perfect fo
PRETTY GOOD DEALS SO FAR.
Great deals come directly to my phone, and I can pay in fifteen seconds. I love this!
Great deals come directly to my phone, and I can pay in fifteen seconds. I love this!
Every morning there's something new waiting for me on my phone from groupon, its so easy! My cc info is stored so I just click purchase and confirm and I'm ready to go.
Every morning there's something new waiting for me on my phone from groupon, its so easy! My cc info is stored so I just click purchase and confirm and I'm ready to go.
Every morning there's something new waiting for me on my phone from groupon, its so easy! My cc info is stored so I just click purchase and confirm and I'm ready to go.
Great little app n easy to use to check out the latest deals. Would recommend.
I LOVE THE FACT THAT THERE IS ALWAYS GOOD DEALS IN ORDER TO SAVE $$. BIG FAN!!!
Works like a charm...
Love this app!
I love groupon!
Love their customer support cuz some of the vendors don't live up to expectations
just love getting the best deals without going out looking for them..
Super easy to use!
Super easy to use!
Love the ease of searching and purchasing thru the app!
WORKS WELL. EASY TO MAKE PURCHASES
WORKS WELL. EASY TO MAKE PURCHASES
Good improvements to the app
Good improvements to the app
Great deals
I really like this app, it makes viewing my things so much easier
Couldn't ask for a better app!
Groupon app makes the mobile experience of groupon amazingly easy & user friendly!
Gives me the ability to find out what's going on, get a discount and walk in the door and use it in less then 1 min.  Answers the question what do you want to do right now.
Sweetest deals ever!
GREAT DEALS ALWAYS CHECKING IT OUT WHEN I HAVE MONEY :)
Just didn't like the alerts but they are easy to turn off.
I love groupon for the amazing deals it offers from stocking stuffers to amazing eye exams!
i m so addicted!!!! Check it out!
i m so addicted!!!! Check it out!
Great app, easy to use and saves me so much money
When a deal suits you, it's amazing.
Fantastic products, free shipping on some items, good way to save money :-)
Fantastic products, free shipping on some items, good way to save money :-)
Groupon always has good ways to get good deals
Love it
App functions great and is an awesome place to start for deals on food and entertainment while exploring the city your in.
Great way to try new things and places.
Groupon is fantastic!! I have never been disappointed!
Good money saver
I've done many things because of group on that I would of never done full price. Keeps economy going n no more boring weekends at home!
I've done many things because of group on that I would of never done full price. Keeps economy going n no more boring weekends at home!
Groupon always makes the cool field trips happen.
Many great deals!!
LOVE IT
Quick and easy to use
Some great deals
Great app!
Good deals with a good app that makes it easy and simple to buy deals
Swag
Swag
Great App
Awesome!
Awesome!
The best app ever!!!
:-):-D
I think this is a great idea for customers and businesses alike. I wish there was more of a  restaurant selection but love the idea of groupon!
Many thingXs purchased over the  years and never had a problem...
I have saved more money than any republican in congress with this app.
Had a lot of fun with my friends and the wine is really good!!!!
Love the,instant lunch deals. Life savers when I don't pack food night before.
Always saving money with this service and it gives me great getaway options!
Finding lots of new restaurants
Always have deals!
Great!
Ive become obessed with Groupon!! Great deals for all kinds of things to do, havent experienced any issues to date love it deffinatly recomended to everyone:)
Easy to use & amazing deals.
Awesome deals that allow you to get out while saving money!
Awesome deals that allow you to get out while saving money!
Love this app. Makes shopping super easy everyday.
Great deals all the time. I love saving money on great products.
Great deals!!
Great deals
I absolutely love groupon. I have experienced things I wouldn't normally experience thanks to groupon.
Love the deals & the ease of using this app!
Excellent app...easy to use...such a money saver.
I love groupon and i love this app!
simple to use interface
Brilliant!
I have gotten COUNTLESS deals through this beautiful company including the tablet that I am writing this review on!!
Shame... uninstalled.
Been waiting for this to be on android for so long
Thanks, a great product
This app is great!  I buy and redeem most of my groupons using the app.
This app is great!  I buy and redeem most of my groupons using the app.
My gf and I use groupon all the time for anything from products, to movie tix, to dinner!!
My boyfriend and use Groupon all the time! It has saved us tons of money! There are always something that we need or want on here.
Great deals & easy to use
Got it on recommendation from my mo
Got it on recommendation from my mo
Awesome
Very intuitive and user friendly. Great job with this most recent update.
Seriously, it is.
These deals don't always pertain to me but when they do, it's pretty awesome.
These deals don't always pertain to me but when they do, it's pretty awesome.
Amazing app, thank you :)
Love the deals and price
Love groupon
Love groupon
Love this app
Does what it says it does. Easy to navigate and use. :)
Amazing. Xx l
This app rocks. Keeps me in the know on great deals no matter where I am.
This app rocks. Keeps me in the know on great deals no matter where I am.
Great!
Groupon is the best! It's a great way to enjoy the city, go on fun dates, plan girls days,etc! I love trying new places without busting the bank. The app is easy to use and handy when a computer + printer isn't accessible
Nice system
Awesome
I have bought many items as well as services and have yet to be even a little disappointed! I recently called their CS dept expecting a problem but was pleasently surprised when they were so helpful and immediately resolved my issue. Like I said earlier...I LOVE GROUPON!(my husband,not so much=O)
I have bought many items as well as services and have yet to be even a little disappointed! I recently called their CS dept expecting a problem but was pleasently surprised when they were so helpful and immediately resolved my issue. Like I said earlier...I LOVE GROUPON!(my husband,not so much=O)
I have bought many items as well as services and have yet to be even a little disappointed! I recently called their CS dept expecting a problem but was pleasently surprised when they were so helpful and immediately resolved my issue. Like I said earlier...I LOVE GROUPON!(my husband,not so much=O)
Make's utilizing groupon so much more effective.
Make's utilizing groupon so much more effective.
Best app ever!!
This app is amazing. Just saved $80 in less than 2 minutes. Awesome idea, keep it up.
Oh Groupon, what did I do before you? App works great. Switch between cities and it shows all the deals from the website without the hassle of having to be at a pc. Access your groupons from your phone so no need to print. Does everything it should.
Love it!
Awesome deals!
Fantastic use!
Great deals.  User friendly.  Easy to use and hassle free
Im addicted! Great app. Ive only had to return 1 item. Great deals you wont find anywhere else.
I love this app!!!
Love it. Never had a problem.
Awesome!
I could get addicted to using groupon. Lol
I could get addicted to using groupon. Lol
This app is great. It's really easy to use and buying a deal takes 2 seconds!
I used this apparently to get discount tickets for snorkelling in key largo. It was great fun for all.
Groupon has really awesome deals specific to ur location. They also send groupon getaways, a lot are vacations for 2 to places all over the world for a steal!!!!!
Groupon has really awesome deals specific to ur location. They also send groupon getaways, a lot are vacations for 2 to places all over the world for a steal!!!!!
Great prices on deals.
I like the app better than going on the website. Easy to use especially for payment. Galaxy S2 GT-I9100M
Easy to use
Always has great deals and getaways. I buy at least 2 deals a month. Great app!
Love it!
Love Grouping as purchased stuff off here and love the deals they have.
I BUY GROUPONS FOR MY FAMILY ALL THE TIME.  I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ISSUE.
I BUY GROUPONS FOR MY FAMILY ALL THE TIME.  I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ISSUE.
Love Groupon
Very satisfied
Don't hesitate, download the app. You will find deals better than anywhere, find things you never would have anywhere else, and try new things you never would have before because the price is so right. IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!
Love the deals use this app a lot. Really easy
love the app
Nice and convenient
Nice and convenient
Love the deals! This app is great...
Gives me great date ideas at lower prices. My adventures are definitely more unique!
It is easy to use, and mobile access to my vouchers rock.
I love discovering new places and it gives me good ideas for fun things to do. I have only had one negative experience involving a vendor I found through groupon. I explained  my unhappy experience and the sweet guy at groupon fully refunded me my money. Great company to do business with.
I love discovering new places and it gives me good ideas for fun things to do. I have only had one negative experience involving a vendor I found through groupon. I explained  my unhappy experience and the sweet guy at groupon fully refunded me my money. Great company to do business with.
Com.groupon service consumed 51% of my battery life today. Slows my samsung epic 4g down. Also seems to like running the gps service in the background. Bloated app for what it does.
great savings strongly recommend it.
can't select home town it's rubbish
Love the deals.  User friendly app.  More great deals please!
I'm cheap, they help!
I dont get on the computer too much so the groupon app has been wonderful at keeping me updated with local activites and great deals. Program runs quickly and smoothly!
Great deals!
Excellent. Simple to use.
Use it all the time!
Love the app
Why wouldn't you want to save on trying new things?  Awesome app!
Why wouldn't you want to save on trying new things?  Awesome app!
Absolutely love this app
Always have great deals :)
Good local deals!
Good local deals!
Love getting pings on my phone whenever there's a good deal! Haven't had any issues with the app either.
Never a problem. Super choices. Love that I don't have to print them any more.  Keep up the great work!
Never a problem. Super choices. Love that I don't have to print them any more.  Keep up the great work!
Love it
This app is great and keeps you in touch with some great local deals.
Great in todays economy.Chance to get out & enjoy without breaking the bank!
I love groupon. Its the best invention ever. Its a great way to explore your city as well s others, and th deals are truly awesome. Me and fiance' are out almost every other night for the groupon now's and every weekend for the regular deals. I reccomend groupon to everyone young and old.
Great deals and great customer service!
I LOVE GROUPON!!
Here's the deal. I pick my 'what do I like' my 'what do I want' & my 'what do I need' things with the touch of a button. What's not to like?
i love this app.
^
Great app!
Best app ever! Always finding great deals! It seems unreal sometimes
Great place to find great buys!
Love this app had loads of bargains
I love groupon
I get the best deals on earth here. Love love love it.
I get the best deals on earth here. Love love love it.
love it!
Great deals. The app looks nice and simple. Easy to cycle through sections.
Always has great crazy deals. I love it!
This app is so convenient to check out the savings of whatever area I am in.
I have found great deals. Thnx Groupon
You get to take chances experience new things and places you may have never known about all for a big buck saving price!
You get to take chances experience new things and places you may have never known about all for a big buck saving price!
You get to take chances experience new things and places you may have never known about all for a big buck saving price!
Soooo many great deals
Works cleanly
I love groupons deals they have more variety than any other deal site.
I love the new easy layout. So easy to browse to what I'm only interested in.
Good deals
I've never bought a Groupon I haven't liked. My only problem is I tend to buy more than I use because I'm returning to ones I like so much!
So much better than the living social app. That app doesn't have pop up notifications & this is more conveniant overall
The best deals you can find!
Amazing deals
Amazing deals
Keep up the great work
Satisfying
Love it.
Great deals and good waybto try new things without wasting all of your hard earned money!!!
Super easy to use app.
Very very convenient
good and convenient!
Love the deals
The deals are great,,,
After the update, it doesn't run on my "slow memory" cellphone
Great deals for me and my family.
Sum glitchs but worth it!
Waited for this great app.
Top app and great deals
Decent design... When it works. Loads slow most times. Tells me i have no internet connection when I am connected.
Love it! Love it! Great deals, and a great way to discover hidden gems in your area
If you are looking for great deals and are willing to wait for it, then this is the app for you.
ALWAYS HAD GOOD ITEMS AND STUFF CLOSE BY.
I just got my husband a flight lesson. How cool is that! We travel a lot and I've used groupon to explore Boston, San Diego, DC and more. Keep bringing me awesome money saving groupons and I'll keep buying!
I love Groupon! I always find great discounts for food activities in and around town!
I love it!
Never have had a problem with it
I miss the old Groupon that took 2 seconds to load. Bring it back!
Awesome offers, Great customer service.
Convenient app for great deal and user friendly!
Convenient app for great deal and user friendly!
Convenient app for great deal and user friendly!
Save tons
it doesn't get any better than this..
Easy to use. Have not had any problems so far.
This app is well worth the $10. buy in fee
Made checking out daily deals really easy n accessible n buying is simplicity itself!
I used the email version before, and love that I can just fire up the app if I am wanting to look for something. So convenient.
You get the goods you want/like for a good price.. Love the restaurant ones =)
Love this app, I always find great deals. Wish there were a little more local restaurants on board.
It is always fun to look through the offers and it is amazing how many good deals you can find that actually apply to you
Fast and  easy...great prices and never had a problem
Never a hassle.
Cheap deals!
It should be no surprise that women may love this app. I'm a typical guy though and can't stand shopping or being marketed to with offers that insult my intelligence and are not really the deal they appear to be. I love Groupon because I have found a number of actual great deals that are for things and services I actually want and need. Another benefit I would not have anticipated is that it is turning me on to some local businesses that I otherwise would have never known were there.
Very easy and convenient!
It has really great deals! Easy purchasing and you earn coupons!
Groupon has allowed me and my family to have fun at a fraction of the price! !
I reallllly enjoy this app. I haven't had any problems and it has awesome deals!
Various bargains, offered daily. The app seems to just work, no drama as far as I've seen.
Various bargains, offered daily. The app seems to just work, no drama as far as I've seen.
Various bargains, offered daily. The app seems to just work, no drama as far as I've seen.
Various bargains, offered daily. The app seems to just work, no drama as far as I've seen.
Uninstalled, due to perpetual notifications even though they are turned off in the settings.  App takes forever to launch.
I simply love it. Easy to use.
Just got my first deal and I love it, has great local deals and it great way to try new things
Great offers
True to name
True to name
True to name
Great service
The great layout makes it easy to access deal and view purchases
App works great. Makes it so easy to order.
Easy to use application, lots of good stuff to buy.
I've only made a few purchases but I look for new deals everyday. The prices are great and the items are things that I actually need or want. Excellent, all around!
I've only made a few purchases but I look for new deals everyday. The prices are great and the items are things that I actually need or want. Excellent, all around!
Great offers, great variety .....some offers aren't described in great detail! Overall great service though!
Groupon's are awesome!
Groupon's are awesome!
I loved groupon before, now with the app its so fast and easy to get the deals that I'm loving it even more. Great job!!!
This is the best app ever. Works great.
I love this app. Bought quite a few wonderful deals 343337127
Love it!
I love the funny promos for the wide variety of discounted options.  The companies don't make much from their share of the Groupon cost, but they benefit from the new customer base and any extra money spent during the visit.  The customer benefits from the lower prices and finding great new places, services, and items to enjoy!
Love groupon! What a great variety of products. Just as much fun to look as to buy!
Love it!!!
Awesome!!! Love it!!
Awesome!!! Love it!!
So many awesome things and great deals! I tell everyone about groupon
So many awesome things and great deals! I tell everyone about groupon
Prefect
Quick and ready to use
This app was fine until the recent update that now means I get notifications despite the "deal notifications" check box in settings being deselected. Fundamental error, which if left unresolved will result in a swift un installing of this app.
Works just fine!
LOVE GROUPON! ALWAYS GETTING AWESOME DEALS ALL OVER!
I wish you guys would also update changing billing address for cc
I love Groupon!  Great gift ideas and easy to buy.
Love buying staff from groupon. I always save so much money!!!
Omg app is the best. It lets u no when the best deals are out and whatever coupons are gonna save u money 10 out 10!!!!!
Omg app is the best. It lets u no when the best deals are out and whatever coupons are gonna save u money 10 out 10!!!!!
Love it!
There is always awesome deals for everything you always wanted but never wanted to pay full price for!!
This app truly is awesome.  So awesome that you may find yourself needing to be careful how much money you drop using it.  There are really good deals though. Just don't go broke having fun.
Groupon is awesome! I have purchased many deals through Groupon, and have never been disappointed. The application is great for finding great deals locally, as well as online. The interface is simple and easy to use. I highly recommend this application!
Love it!!!!!"
Love it!!!!!"
GREAT DEALS
Fab
They are great and usually different everyday.  Very convientent to use the phone instead of printing it out.
Awsome great app and very easy to navigate and use
Love it
One of my all time fav apps
Best place to grab deals
Love the features! Super easy to use!!
Love the deals!
I don't always use groupon but when I do I save money.
Great app!
Greatest app - so easy to use
So addicting! I love it!!!
So addicting! I love it!!!
Fantastic opportunities that we can actually use!
I tried to access this app today on my Incredible 2 smart phone and it kept saying it could not access the internet although I am able to access other internet applications. I gave up and bought my groupon through my desktop computer.
Wonderful apparently and program.  I use it daily
Love groupon
Beats using the website. Saves money.
Groupon is great if you love deals and saving money. If you have money to burn, avoid this app.
Great deals that you'll use everyday.
Great deals that you'll use everyday.
Great deals that you'll use everyday.
I absolutely love Groupon and this app. Excellent!
Great system.
This app is amazing
What more can I say
Great stuffs at affordable pricing!
Think the app is great. The emails were becoming a nuisance, so find the app quite user friendly. Just bought my first purchase on the app!!
Quick and easy, sends u the deals daily. Stores ur payment info so purchases are just 2 clicks away!
very unique .
Amazing Deals! Easy to use.
Save money!
Great app!! Love getting the alerts, then I don't miss those great deals!!!
Awesome!
Groupon is the best, its there whenever I need it.
Always finds great deals in my area.. Never had a problem with the app
Would use it again.
Always amazing deals I love it especially for date nights or spa days :)
Easy to buy the discounted products. Good deals come everyday..
Easy to buy the discounted products. Good deals come everyday..
Saves alot of money and introduces me to things I didn't even know about.
Lately I've seen an incredible increase in wonderful options. GrouponLive has offered so many valuable packages from symphony to pop-rock. There's something for everyone! Check it out or save yourself some time, choose favorite areas of pleasure, and then have them send you emails. I would have never caught the last 2 or 3 concerts without a little Groupon help.
Love a lot of the deals.
Love a lot of the deals.
Quick and easy setup and great deals you can't find savings anywhere else!
I love groupon!!!
Great app with some great deals..
Love it. So easy. So convenient.
Always enjoy the deals I purchase. Money back guarantee is amazing. No questions asked.  Love having it on my phone.
Great deals in Anchorage. Alerts me every morning on my status bar with a short description so with a quick glance I can ignore it or click for more details. Easy to use and just 3 easy steps to buy my coupon. This is much easier for me than receiving emails because I already have so much junkmail to filter through.
Love it!
Easy to use and very simple.
Not sure if anyone would agree with me but this app is so easy to use and purchase stuff as we usually go for food and fun.
Ap is user friendly, Groupon rules.
I love the deals! We try New places all the time now. What a great app!
I absolutely love this app!!!  There are awesome daily deals for homeowner repairs/maintenance as well as personal grooming at great prices!!!
Nothing I can think of that's wrong with this app except that it tempts me everytime I go on :P
This is my favorite discount app!  Great Great!!!
It's cool:)
I no longer make regular price purchases. Thank yoou, Groupon!
Use this all the time never any trouble
VERY EASY TO PURCHASE GROUPON WITH
I love Groupon and this app makes it more accessible. It also provides  notifications for my Groupon favorites.
Very easy to search all deals and change locations
Best app ever
Amazing App wouldn't be without it!
I check it almost every day
Awesome.
Love it
I love , the deals on groupon.  I haven't had any problems with the app.
I like it.
I like it.
Hey, discounts are good and the app works well.
Groupon provides you with the best deals around town. Thanks!!!
Fabulous deals.  Just made my first purchase and it was so simple to do!
Fabulous deals.  Just made my first purchase and it was so simple to do!
Yay
Yay
Yay
Love this AP!
Love the now deals!
We have had lots of great experiences using our Groupons!  We appreciate the recent changes regarding the expiration, or should I say, the lack of total expiration.  You are, at the minimum, able to redeem your initial purchase amount.  There are lots of options and choices for things to do, places to go, restaurants, etc.  GROUPON ... don't drop the ball and keep up the good work.
I buy all my massages and other items on here now love love love
Good quality of product and recieve on time..keep it up for doing job well to all the staff.thank you... From Mrs.Rose
Love Luv Love Groupon!
Luv luv
Luv luv
GREAT APP!!
A must have app for people on the go. I especially like the "nearby" food deals.
When i had a problem with a merchant, groupon did everything they could to make it right!
Cool things... All I have to do is check once in a while and it's sure that I will find something I like.
This rocks! Saved so much money with this app!
ahhhhmazing
Would be great if it stopped shutting down on me.
Kinda slow sometimes, I love that you can look at other cities too
Great deals at amazing prices
Great deals at amazing prices
Had to reinstall for some weird reason...good app though
At places I goto or want to try out.  Definitely has gotten me to goto places I wouldn't have tried before.
I have bought some great deals.
Nough said
Super deals!
Super deals!
Love groupon!!
Love it
So convenient, so very awesome! :) great app!
It's a money saver!
60% off 1 year of GQ? Awesome! Easy to use too!
I check this more t an my emailed.
Love this app
Good job
Good job
Finding the best deals have not been as awesome as it does now with the new update!
We have found every coupon that we have purchased has been excellent wonderful I look forward to getting them because it's great to get  wonderful things for half price or more thank you very much Groupon
Great app!   If I am ever bored and ask what is there to do, all I have to do is open this app and find a great local DEAL! today is Blackbear yogurt and expresso and entrance into the glass museum for only $17 for 2 people!
If you like saving money, you'll love Groupon!
Before groupon my wife and i would never go out due to the high expense of outings, but thanks to groupon we have started to do alot more things.  Thanks Groupon Kevin and Ruth
Before groupon my wife and i would never go out due to the high expense of outings, but thanks to groupon we have started to do alot more things.  Thanks Groupon Kevin and Ruth
Before groupon my wife and i would never go out due to the high expense of outings, but thanks to groupon we have started to do alot more things.  Thanks Groupon Kevin and Ruth
I have bought many and refer all of my clients here for advertising.
Great
Love trying new places through Groupon!
It's great
App makes it very easy to both buy and use groupons without printing them.
Awesome deals!
Great stuff!
I have made several purchases with Groupon and loves it even more each time - both the phone app and via email subscription. Easy to understand instructions. Keep up the good work guys!!!
Great way to try out businesses
Great place to shop!
It app is pretty sweet when you find something you wanna do.
Looooooooove it!!
Looooooooove it!!
Great app & every deal I've bought has been great
My first groupon has really paid off! Also with the app it makes the groupons quick, easy and earth friendly!
Love it
Yes I do
No complaints. Well done. Great deals
I never had any problems with app and with last couple of updates it has only gotten better
Luv the great deals especially usable this summer
Luv the great deals especially usable this summer
This is great!
I am very peased with this app and the customer service after some how purchasing an unwanted groupon deal for a 4hr hearse rental....smh. This app works great!
I am loving Groupon!
Would give it five but sometimes it does not load right. All white screen. peace
What a way to try something new!
Simply wonderful!
Easy to use and cuts down on the need to print. There's an easy "My Groupons" menu option, which is cool, too.
So many great deals and so easy to use.
Absolutely LOVE this app for Android.  Always great deals and doesnt crash!
Great deals! Awesome free app!
Great site. I love groupon.
Great site. I love groupon.
They have really came a long way on perfecting this app.
They have really came a long way on perfecting this app.
I love this app. I can get great deals anytime. Anywhere. <3
Great
It gives actual good discounts!
Addictive have to log on everyday just incase i miss a deal keep up the good work
Groupon is amazing! Love love love groupon!
Saves me a bunch
Just saved big bucks!  Thanks GROUPON!!!
Great deals on cool stuff!
Luv it!!
I enjoy groupon very much,its very clear in every detail they provide and i love the deals!
Love all the great offers that come through especially ones that are in my area. Thanks Groupon!
Great deals and have never had any issues redeeming them!
Absolutely love it! I just used the app this weekend while I was out of town to find out where to dine & where to go for nightlife! It was fabulous!! I don't know what I would have done without it!!
Absolutely love it! I just used the app this weekend while I was out of town to find out where to dine & where to go for nightlife! It was fabulous!! I don't know what I would have done without it!!
Love the coupons!
Great deals ay even greater prices...have never had a problem with them. :)
Love it
Great app!
Easy to use! Great deals! What more can one ask?
Love the options!
Love the options!
Great phone app
Bought a Kenneth Cole watch for about $35 and it came in two days and looks awesome too...and i just bought a portable Bluetooth Speaker,I recommend to anybody who loves to save :)
From the customer service to the app, groupon exceeds inconvenience.
this app is genius and super convenient.
Super easy to use, great for on the go or vacation trips!!!
Slow to load and often tells me I have no internet connection. No search option. Can't look at more than one city at once. Great deals though.
I like it
I love groupon n this app just makes it easier
Super easy to use
I bought several deals...always satisfied. Getting a credit on an item I didn't use no problem. Great customer service!  Susan
Just easy and fast...
Deals at my fingertips! Can't beat that...
What ever u need ull find it n really cheap price I love it
I love how this app alerts you of new deals in your area as soon as theyre posted, so great
Easy access
Love being able to buy groupon from my phone and ipad!
Great bargains...love it! Quick and easy!
great app but wish i didnt get emails and notifications
Intuitive app, interconnecting with FB and PayPal.
Slow to start, unfriendly UI and constantly tells me it has no internet connection when it does. Sometimes it puts the deals in the wrong category, so then I can't access the last category since all the others are pushed to the right. Seems like I see more deals on the website that don't show up on the app despite turning off all filters.  Overhaul this, or better yet go back to how it was when it WORKED before.
Fast, easy to use, easy to find deals, looks good
Great deals Good prices all in an easy to navigate app
My title is self explanatory...
fantastic site great discounts made 3 purchases already
love being able to use my groupons off my mobile phone. I don't have a printer so this is really convenient.
Awesome deals!! Especially like the ”Now Deals”!!!
Great deals for everything u can think of. Great way to get out and do things without spending alot of money!!
Working well so far.
Love this app.
Best coupon/shopping app. Alot of great coupons & deals.
Great deals at my fingertips, dangerous for my shopping addiction!!
Super cool app! Saved so much money and found new exiting things with groupon! A most have app!!! 10 starz
Cool app I guess. Works decently well. However, I get vibrations and notifications randomly about deals I don't care about. It's very annoying and obnoxious. It's gotten to the point where I'm uninstalling. I'll just use the web.
great app.  Great deals
Awesome app!
Makes it possible to do things affordably!
Crap cannot open DROID razor Ginger reinstalled still fail will not load
Its so easy to use and so many awesome deals!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE GROUPON
I love this app because I can easily check on the latest deals without too much effort. I also like that its not too hard to change locations cause I travel a lot between two different areas.
Love it, use it almost daily. Easy to use, and update payment info.
Just okay
Like the New layout
Can't get enough of how easy this is!
Great deals!!
Good app, last update speeds scrolling quite a lot, well done. Could still be improved, but far better than before.   Maybe you could load some kind of generic picture when waiting for the actual picture to load instead of a blank space? Cf. Google+ app which is great for that.
Great
Love it!
I've gotten some GREAT DEALS on Groupon ...
Not all deals but I can often find one that I want
I love this app.
I really like this app. It's very easy to use.
Love the widget and how quick and easy it is!
Groupon is my favorite!
Great app.
Nuff said...
Awesome!
Best app hands down!
Love the app and all the awesome deals!
Love the app and all the awesome deals!
Love that you can just show your phone to redeem instead of printing coupons.  Super easy!
HTC EVO 4g
Cool
I love food.  and I get to find some good deals for my fatass on here lol
Couldn't be easier to view the deals and buy them! Fab app for a fab website.
Best app ever! I check it every day. When I travel, I change cities and get awesome deals everywhere
I appreciate how easy groupon is to use and love the variety of deals available
I love groupon.....i get to try new places, things and save a lot of my hard earned money.
Never have any issues when using groupon!
Lots of great deals!
I love groupon. It is secure, simple to use, and has great deals.
I like this al alot.
No complaints,so far
The best
I love Groupon but it gets boring sometimes when the same deals are on for days and don't change.
Love it! Great deals. So easy to use..
Love it! Great deals. So easy to use..
I get some very good deals, some of them are deals I I never would have though of doing.
Needs nothing else said
Brilliant save a fortune
Love it thanks!
Love it!
We love groupon. Great deals and the app is very easy to use!
:):):):)
Love the app!
Fast, user-friendly, easy. Love it!
Wonderful app! very helpful!
Wonderful app! very helpful!
My 1st time making a purchase.. I'm pleased
Always different varieties of offers, I love Groupon!
Greatest thing ever!
Love love love!
This app gives me an excuse to bring my wife out, I love it.
Sometimes app opens to correct page, sometimes it opens to an old, expired page. You'd think they'd fix that kinda thing, huh?
This app is great.Purchases are fast and easy and they feature good deals. This app is worth having if you like group deals.
This app is great.Purchases are fast and easy and they feature good deals. This app is worth having if you like group deals.
Love to save money $$$$$
Best last min. Deals on the planet.
Saves and costs me so much money all at the same time!
I have found so many new places to go to both where I live and cities I visit. You rock Groupon! °
Thanks!
Super handy...phone, tablet, whatever. Never a problem.
Great app. Saves me a fortune
Groupon app Love this app! Works great. Super easy & convenient.
So far I have never had a problem and I've enjoyed every single deal I purchased!!
Good, regular offers, I can't fault it!
Lots of fun never lets me down.
Lots of fun never lets me down.
Love!
This app can take awhile load. That I don't I love so much...
Awesome
Besides the sheer greatness and reliability of groupon, this app is awesome! It makes it super easy to spot and snag those great groupons deals anytime! For free!
Great App!
Super easy to use. Great deals.
Always finding great deals to use around town...never have had one problem.
I'm a single mom and always can find something that's in budget to do with them!!
LOVE THIS APP
I really love getting Goupons. They give a nice  discount to a variety of places that I like to eat at, go to and shop at.
Really love this app. Great savings to be had
Still love Groupon after several years. Convenience on iPhone and Droid always worked for me.
I love groupon. I save so much money every month
So easy to use. Great App.
So easy to use. Great App.
I thought about it and I really can't come up with a problem with the app.
I shouldnt be spending so much and this app makes that easy to do. I love groupon and have experienced topnotch customer service from them.
Nuff said.
Come on, it's Groupon: what's not to love being able to use it on your phone?
Awesome
Nice deal for anytime good  way to save money if ur dating..
Enjoyed every single deal.
Easy to use. Love dining out with the coupons I get from here.
I love the deals! Customer service is great too. We i had a problem with a groupon they refunded me no questions asked.
Easy to use
These deals are unbeatable!
Love this app. Stores numbers and addresses so easy to get deals in the go!
Love this app..purfect for any shopper
Who doesn't love a deal
Well organized n very well thought out. Love this app!
Love this!
I have lost over 15lbs using this app, I love it..
Groupon is one of the greatest ways to save money. Especially, if you like to eat, travel, or concerned with your well being.  Conradrg
Convenient for when I don't have access to my computer and showing bought groupon to redeem w/o having to kill a tree!
Easy to navigate and make purchases. Excellent app.
Has all your groupon deals, shows local and national deals, very quick to male purchases.
Love saving money.
Brilliant most have
GREAT DEALS AT YOUR FINGERTIPS!
It cannot be stated more clearly: love the product and love the mobile app
Great
Easy to use. Love being able to pull goupons up on my phone and tablet
Amazing
Love that I can determine when/if I get notified. I can choose the types of deals I see. Love that it automatically updates based on my location as I spend a lot of time on both coasts. My info is stored so on the go I don't need to remember log-ins or look for credit cards.
Easy to use app. Love it.
Updated version is terribly slow.  Rating changed to reflect performance.
Great customer service! Great deals! Love groupon!
Pushes ads to your notifications without even a clear way to turn them off. Who doesn't like being interrupted at work by ads for cruises?
Awesome deals at awesome prices!!! Love it!!
Awesome deals at awesome prices!!! Love it!!
Awesome deals at awesome prices!!! Love it!!
Great deals at great places
Works well and easy to purchase deals.
App is great
It is amazing what all I can find here.
Love this app!!!!   So addictive
Always great deals and new ideas.
Excellent, havent been let down yet.
Easy to save no printing or clipping  coupons!
Great deals every day!!!
The only problem you will have is to remember to use all of your groupons...
I have saved sooo much money!
Such a great app.  User friendly and easy to use.  I love the fact that I can make a purchase with such ease.
Such a great app.  User friendly and easy to use.  I love the fact that I can make a purchase with such ease.
Great deals. Helps me save money while getting out more.
Pretty cool app. Bought a couple of group ons already.. great to have sandwiches and frozen yogurt for literally 50% off when I go out.
Save money and do things that are family friendly...
GREAT APP, BETTER THAN GETTING ALL THE NOTIFICATION EMAILS!
This place is GREAT..... Nice and cozy relaxed....
quick, easy,  scans well at purchase points
A must for everyone, great deals for couples, children, grandchildren, it has become my number 1 gift giving site.
Great, would just be better if loaded quicker
Love groupon!
Awesome!
I save so much money!
Always has great deals!
Great
Awesome easy to use better than the app for my old iPhone
Love it!!! Best deals around!!!
Good discount and various variety. Thanks groupon, i am able to try many new things and food
Yes!
I absolutely love this app! Fast easy and efficient!
THIS IS LIKE THE BEST THING EVER CREATED!!!!!!
Smooth app. Works great.
Easy purchases!
Takes forever to startup on a galaxy s3. What is it doing? Nobody knows.
Takes forever to startup on a galaxy s3. What is it doing? Nobody knows.
Love this app, it's awesome!
Clean and easy to use. Still don't understand why it seems to take a while to open off the opening screen.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this app!!
Found it nice and easy to use
Great deals...Period!
Great way to discover new restaurants & merchants and save money
Great way to discover new restaurants & merchants and save money
Great deals I am hooked.
Love this site.
Great to share with friends and try new restaurants.
i love it. i use this site regularly.
Would like to see better deals on local items since they are mostly dinning.
This app is so fast and so easy... One of the best I've used.
This app is so fast and so easy... One of the best I've used.
Fast, easy, everyday savings.
I don't see a single reason not to love this website.
It is great, easy to use, and fast!
Its always great to see deals and how popular they are.
Wow!
Has become the primary way I use groupon
Before the upgrade it found canadian deals and allowed me to set a canadian city.  Now its strictly american.  Will be deleting.
find like a charm and it's very mobile functional
Cool App
So easy to use and great deals all the time!!!
Great app!
Great ap. Particularly like the ability to purchase deals from my phone and having such easy access to my vouchers.
Awesome deals all the time
smashing deals inspires me to try new things
smashing deals inspires me to try new things
Great bargains
The app is so easy to use and great if your going on hol as you can get offers for other places.
love their deals...they have sooo much near mehh....love it all soo far its been a great experience...
TAKES A MINUTE TO LOAD AT FIRST THOUGH...
Cool app
Instant access to deals I need
Love Groupon!
*DA BEST THING ON EARTH*
Addicting
Enjoy exploring new restaurants at a discount, great way to explore a city...love it!
SUCH GREAT SITE. I BUY FROM THEM ALL THE TIME. THEIR DEALS ARE THE BEST!
Very easy to use!
Love it!
Love groupon!
I always feel like I'm getting the best bang for my buck, and groupon allows me to buy and do things I normally couldn't -or choose not to- afford! Mobile app is handy and user friendly!
Why not take advantage of these great deals? Americans deserve a good hook up!
First time user. App works fine. Items bought received earlier than estimates given. Love this!
Love the deals.
I love having groupon everywhere I go! And the app saves the environment and your money by allowing the vendor to just look at the phone instead of printing it out! Awesome!
I used to complain about going back to the home screen in Groupon, but they fixed the issue for the new OS. It works great!
Good app
Easy to use. Easy access to profile and downloaded vouchers.
Awesome deals especially with relaxation & outdoor activitiea
I'm addicted to Groupon, this app makes it really easy to buy as many grouons as I want!
Great tool to save $ and still live life without feeling like ur on a budget!
Love it
Sup
I'm addicted
I love, love, love this app!
Works great on HTC Droid Incredible 2.
Works great on HTC Droid Incredible 2.
A++++
Always good deals wish there were more. Dont like the preasure sometimes
Always good deals wish there were more. Dont like the preasure sometimes
Love the deals i get thru Groupon
Love the deals. Also love the goods feature definitely takes out searching all day.
Best app for shoppers
App is very convenient, no need to print vouchers
don't fix what isn't broken. since update, getting nearby groupons for chicago when I'm in vegas. gps and 4g on.
I love it!
Great
Addicted! Shopping has never been so much fun&so inexpensive. Love this app! Makes it too easy to spend money. :)
Addicted! Shopping has never been so much fun&so inexpensive. Love this app! Makes it too easy to spend money. :)
I love this app for the deals, obviously, but I also love it because it has gotten me to try things I never thought of trying before like a pottery class, hang gliding and the mirror maze at the Mall of America!
Saving money :D
Love groupon! So many great deals!
I love the deals I can get and a good variety.
I just love groupon!! I always find the best deals on here from magazine subscriptions to really good deals on laptops.
Love groupon!!
Good: Super convenient to keep track of and show your groupons. Bad: I told this thing to stop giving me notifications an it just did. Not cool.
Very good deals
Very good deals
Awesome Savings!
Love this app. Makes it so much easier when I go out to eat instead of printing the voucher.
Easy to download, no problem to use, always get great deals.  What more could you ask for?  As soon as it becomes an issue like Instagram I'll let everyone know.
Love it!
I am happy that you or you all thought or recognized that people loves deal. It does not matter what income they are in. So congratulation!(:)
Love this app. See all the deals of the day.
Love the deals! And the app is plenty easy to use.
IT ALWAYS SENDS THE DAILY ALERT ABOUT THE SAME TIME EVERYDAY AND IT IS A GREAT WAY TO HAVE FUN, BUT SAVE A LITTLE MONEY!! THANKS GROUPON!! -:)
Best app ever for deals.
Love it! Gud deals. Superb
Good deals
We go out to dinner 5 nights a week and thanks to Groupon we try new places a lot.
Where is Puerto Rico on this app?
Love
The best thing to ever happen to me
Loving the deals I  get with Groupon.
Great local deals and wonderful customer support. Groupon makes it affordable for me as student to go out to eat and try new things!
A must have app for great deals! If you like saving, this app is for you.
A must have app for great deals! If you like saving, this app is for you.
Keep checking back. You can get some really great deals sometimes!
Love this app!
Super awesome deals. Addicted!!!
Works well. Easier than printing and get updates on things that you at interested in.
Awesome Deals
Easy as pie! It's so easy to use. The availability to use is usually about a month or two out if you need an appointment.  Let's see how goods/purchase is.
Love it!
Use it daily and its super easy.
Bought a few times with Groupon.. Awesome savings!!
I have told all of my friends this is a MUST have app. I use this almost every day.
I have told all of my friends this is a MUST have app. I use this almost every day.
Excellent app. We need more of those!!! It brings deals to your phone screen no need to search online. Brilliant!!!!
Great little app,quick and easy to use
Very good deals
Love
Extremely annoying app. Spams you with notifications everyday. Do not install.
Great money saver
Very easy to maneuver. Very convenient
Love this! I check it daily and I find myself purchasing the best deals possible!
Easy to use
Easy to use
Easy to use
I love it and looking forward to the challenge
Bought a lot of groupons already and find very useful
Love this app! It's nice that it reminds me to look at the new Groupons once a day. And it doesn't save pics to your phone like KGB Deals.
Love this app!
Love the simplistic UI
Great app for keeping up with new deals
The notifications become slightly obnoxious, but none the less an excellent app!
FAST AND GREAT DEALS
FAST AND GREAT DEALS
Love the daily deals
Easy to use, great deals. I have already saved over $100 and have only bought 2 groupons.
Some pretty awesome deals
Groupon is one of the best apps out there!  Always works and always delivers great deals.  A true find!  A+++
Now I dont have to print any of my purchases. Super!
Awesome
Awesome
Hoo
Ok sometimes though was let down once when I bought an item only for out to be out of stock.
Great prices on great services. Good customer service from Groupon if necessary.
Great prices on great services. Good customer service from Groupon if necessary.
Forecloses,freezes up and sometimes won't load! Totally sucks don't bother with this app
Few words. I love it
I've bought many deals
Easy to use
Great
Excellent ap, so easy to use
I love Groupon! The deals are outstanding and the transactions are smooth!
Fantastic app. Easy to work with. Clean interface. Love it!
Fantastic program even works on slow phone! :-)
Love Groupon...this app makes it easy to buy and redeem.
I love how it keeps my billing information... I never have to pull my credit card out I just hit confirm purchase and boom!! Done.
The app is handy for alerting me to new deals. I've never had a problem with it working.
I looooove groupon and all its awesome deals!!!!!
Easy to use
Used it 20 plus times, tried each category. Love it!
Love this app!!!
Love this app!!!
It seems cool,but we'll have to see....
It seems cool,but we'll have to see....
Awesome app!!!
Get cool things cheap. No issues HTC Thunderbolt.
Groupon has the best deals for anyone on a budget who would like to treat themselves for their hard work
Easy and useful and no need for a printer.
Takes forever to load the deals. Sometimes doesnt load and stays stuck on the startup screen. Much quicker to just go to their website
Takes forever to load the deals. Sometimes doesnt load and stays stuck on the startup screen. Much quicker to just go to their website
Luv it!!!!
Love it. Great way to bargain shop.
awesome, great deal
awesome, great deal
Love my money saver!
Love my money saver!
Orlando
Works great.  No hassles redeeming Groupons.
Love groupon
Always have goos deals
Highly recommend if you want to save money on food and services.
Don't know what I'd do without it!
Works fab for me x
Cant say a bad word about getting a fantastic deal
Cant say a bad word about getting a fantastic deal
Lov ths app & this service. It introduces me to great new things & quickly resolves issues which, in my case, r rare & hv always bn bc of th vendors not Groupon. Use it almost daily!!!
So convenient and easy to use!
Kills my battery when running in background and very sluggish when open. Seems like its coded poorly for something that should be simple.
Good app. Allows you to do most things you need to, including reviewing and buying new groupons.
I work nights I don't need a notification waking me up everyday at 9 am, with no way to disable!!!
Now I don't know what I would do without groupon!
Makes using my Groupons and buying them very easy.
Makes using my Groupons and buying them very easy.
Great app, brings local deals that would otherwise be impossible to find.
great UI, great functionality of the app - well designed
They have such great deals and the service is wonderful.
Great deals & easy to use
I love it!
Found some great deals via Groupon, well worth the download.
Great little app many thanks
Groupon has the best deals. The app and website are easy to navigate and their customer service superior
So many great deals, I keep spending money, help!!
So many great deals, I keep spending money, help!!
Love Groupon!
Amazing deals. Easy to use
From Segway tours to golf, jewelry, dining, and massages - I have taken advantage of so many great groupon deals. Thank you!
I love trying new places for half the price!
So simple to use. This app is so much better then the website.
Omg I'm a guy and I'm not gay but I'm in love with this service I buy a lot of great stuff and with the best deals!
I have had the best deals and looking forward to more of them. Every month there is something to purchase.
The Sxxt !
Love this app
Why are they popping notifications when i set notifications to no? Otherwise app needs an update. As it is, app is too graphics heavy
I've found so many awesome deals on groupon. It's the best ever!
I've found so many awesome deals on groupon. It's the best ever!
Love this app I have experienced things I would never have experienced. If you love adventures this app is for you
Wonderful for the consumer and business.
First thing I do every morning is check my groupon app
Awesome app! Sends me discounts on the things I like the only down fall is that I spend waaaay too much money on it!
Great app, offers many great deals....love it!!!
Groupon is a wonderful site. Love it. I've been able to do so many wonderful things. Right now, there are so many sites with so many deals. It can be overwhelming sometimes.
Great app for forgetting to print a paper out
One of the best apps!
Excellent deals
A first group on user so easy to use and pay!
Props to whoever thought of this!  U have a client for life!
Love it!
THEY HAVE GREAT DEALS AND I SAVE LOTS AND WITH TWO TODDLERS THAT'S A BIG HELP.
Purchasing couldn't be easier.
Great offers, only had one issue and was offered a refund straight away. Lots of lovely spa offers.
I use this app all the time to purchase local deals. It's easy to use and purchase. Love it!
THESE DEALS ARE BA-NAY-NAY!!!
Great app with new things everyday... From vacationing to just stuff Groupon has it all
Love groupons!
Great
Great
Great deals. Love it.
Love it
Great app     good deals
No issues so far.
I like this app.
Awesome! A great fun personalized way 2 have fun buy great stuff and save money at the same time
I have greatly enjoyed the redesign and the ease in purchasing.
Starting to branch into northwest Indiana, thank.god!
Enjoy discovering new places with Groupon.
Best deals ever!!
Save green with this!!
Great deals to be had all around!
Groupons are great to try new places or old places you love at a great deal.  The app is quick and easy!
Great deals. Most of them are free.
Very easy to use, great deals
Great!
I wish they add the feature that you can see 1 or 2 days old deals that are still active and not only the daily one
Upon first use, while choosing nearest city, even tho I set country to UK, the app still shows US cities.  Can't use it at all. (GN ICS 4.03)
Upon first use, while choosing nearest city, even tho I set country to UK, the app still shows US cities.  Can't use it at all. (GN ICS 4.03)
Upon first use, while choosing nearest city, even tho I set country to UK, the app still shows US cities.  Can't use it at all. (GN ICS 4.03)
I love this.
I love this.
Easy to use, and don't need to print each Groupon out anymore. I love this so.
Easy to use, and don't need to print each Groupon out anymore. I love this so.
I love this app
I love the convenience of it!
Love Groupon & mobile app! So happy local businesses have groupons!!
Great app. Yes it everyday looking for great deals.
Easy to use, and I love having all my groupons with me and not having to print them out.
:o)
App is so convenient, lets me try all kinds of new things I wouldn't have tried before. I can't say enough good things!
This app is easy to save money and has tons of local things to do for cheap.
Groupon is awesome! Having the app on my phone just makes it awesomer (I know it isn't a word, but it should be)!
NO HASSLES AND NO HEADACHES!
I have purchased a few items but only if I feel they are excellent value.  Very pleased with their deals
I have recently become addicted to Groupon! They have so many great deals!! Thanks for providing such a wonderful app. I love being able to view deals daily from my phone! And take advantage of such wonderful deals!
The app works great and its always nice to save money.
The app works great and its always nice to save money.
Easy to use... Good deals on stuff...
Helps me reach out to new places i would never have known about.
Helps me reach out to new places i would never have known about.
Helps me reach out to new places i would never have known about.
Great deals.
The deals on here are great!!!
Awesome way to find sweet deals on the things you love.
Great sends me all i need to.
Never a hitch. If ever a problem Grouping refunds no hassles.
Great app, great deals!
Enough said. Gotten gifts and personal goods for dirt cheap
Enough said. Gotten gifts and personal goods for dirt cheap
I check it daily to see the deals.
ugh if you have extra cash u have something great to do plus it depends where you live I live in orlando so the deals here are amazing
Its the best website that ever am an addict...:)
GREAT APP & DEALS
Amazing deals and awesome services!
It actual point of this is cool and customer service is awesome. Warning: it is very addicting and way too easy to buy, buy, buy!!
But great
Groupon has fantastic deals that I can take advantage of even when I travel. And the app works with no problems. I'm loving it thanks
useful way of getting ideas for self or gifts.
This app has no options to turn notifications on or off, which means love it or hate you get bombarded with notifications, almost feels like mailware, fix this !
I discovered groupon a couple of months ago and now I use it constantly. Great deals almost everyday always something I need!
Best part about app is not having to print out my vouchers, I can just whip out my app and show the retailer. Works fast on my phone, galaxy S2
Love it!!!!!! I'm addicted
Love my Groupon Android. Goes directly to my phone and I can make my purchases right away.
I find so many great deals!
Found some great deals!
Love the format & easy to use!
Love it, use it all the time!!
Love Groupon on my mobile phone - paperless!
Cool
I'm obcessed.
The best
I have gotten a number of gear deals through this site. I would recommend it for anyone that likes to save a little money.
Love the variety of deals and prices.
Very happy with every purchase.
Very happy with every purchase.
Its not a bad app. Just can't see all available deals and sometimes for some reason it can't pinpoint my location when i open it. In all, i was still able to access my account info and make purchases.
With group on I've been able to find deals on things I can do on a budget. Definitely recommend.
Love how it always lets you know what good deals they have right now. Very convienent.
LOVE GROUPON!
Almost easier to use than on a computer. Very easy to just keep buying things
Love having easy access to my groupons!
Love doesn't even describe how much I love Groupon!
Love it. Love the deals. Just double check the G goods and see how good of a deal they are.
Looking for fun, adventure, or even just a bite to eat "on a budget"? You've located the best app on the market no nonsense
GROUPON is amazing. So many good deals. Allows me to do things that I normally wouldn't do because of the cost and to try new things.
No issues so far
Shop here!
I Absolutely love it!!!!! Great deals & better than other sites..
I Absolutely love it!!!!! Great deals & better than other sites..
The app is easy to use and provides the sames features as the full website
I HAVE TRULY LOVED AND ENJOY USING GROUPON. THE MOBILE APP JUST MAKES IT THAT MORE EASIER
Love it.
The deals come right to my phone...and the saving are excellent.
The deals come right to my phone...and the saving are excellent.
Great app
Tremendous
Tremendous
If it were easier to navigate and update your profile and info it would get 5 stars
Awesome!!
Love it !!
Great app
App makes it easier to buy and use my Groupons
The deals are great, I assume. But unless you live in a major city, its a completely useless app. Had it for two months and closest deal was 30 miles away.
The best way to shop for deals, couldn't get any bet.
Great
Every now and then you get great deals no matter where you are
I use it everyday. The best deals ever!
It's work that's what matters
:)
Working well, great deals, easy pay! Have not had any problems as of yet:)
Every time I go, to.united kingdom it takes,me the united states site. It's so slow. Dislike!!!!
Groupon is amazing! I use it all the time for restaurants or nearby activities it saves alot of money.
Groupon is amazing! I use it all the time for restaurants or nearby activities it saves alot of money.
Saves time money and shows me kewl gadgets I need and want
Awsome
This app makes all my saving easy!
Nice to discover places that  I might not have went to otherwise. I am a sucker for a good deal and groupon now offers just that. My boyfriend and  I use groupon for cheap dates. I love this app im full time in college and money is tight so its perfect for me.
I love using this app works great and have never had any problems using my Groupon certificates!
I've made 2 purchases, and have been happy so far. The one negitive is getting several emails a day from them.
These deals are amazing!
Mmmmmmmmmm
Excellent value
Can't be more intuitive and easier to use
Look at it everyday...
I use this almost everyday. And its great for vacation destinations as well. Plan ahead and save  money.
love it and I love shopping...Very convenient.
I've been 100% satisfied with all my purchases at Groupon!  I only buy what I NEED & the price is ALWAYS right.
Is awesome!
Great products. even better prices
Awesome-O!
I've enjoyed using this app and have had no trouble when I actually purchase a groupon.
Get local deals wherever you are.
I love groupon! Great way to save money
