It's a great app but it never gets the gate for my flights. Even the free Apps do that.
Good useful app, really helpful. Update should include options to add flights to phone calendar.
The best app out there we travel to asia and domestic for business and personal approx. 6 months out of the year. Should be app of the year
It is a pretty nice app. My only problem is I wish it would update flight information faster.
Best there is. Great features like recent airports and favorite airlines. Customizable settings. Impressive tech support response.
I bought this and even after 10 minutes it kept getting stuck on" authorizing purchase". I had to cancel eventually and get a refund.
Question: if you have auto updates, is there any additional charge or do you authorize that separately?
You just spent $500 for a ticket, will spend $20 for your bag. Spend the $5 for accurate info about your flight.
Doesn't really have anything useful, the plane I'm tracking is  late, does it give you an updated arrival time NO, still shows the scheduled arrival time, the plane location is only an estimate not real time. Not worth buying just view the airport website it will have  more info than this gives you.
Upgrade the paid and free app at the same time, but if you do have to upgrade one first, what sense does it make to give the free app priority over the paid one? Where is the common sense?
You update the free app and keep the people who purchased your app hanging.  Not cool.
Let me see if I understand this correctly. People who bought this app don't get an update but a new free version has a better everything. But I can pay more for an upgrade to get what? Greedy little games from a company tripping on something that flies without a plane!
I love this app but I am disappointed that I can't switch my settings to celsius degrees, also I would like to be able to switch to map view instead of sattelite view. And why is there no option for setting customized  reminders before your flight?
I saw the delay in airport but the apps told me it's on time. It's the second time the apps doesn't update lively.
Southwest 799 on July 26. Southwest and flightview say the flight is delayed 45 minutes (2h before flight). Flight track says on time. Made sure to refresh. Uninstalling the app that failed its only duty.
It's not accurate at all. My experience: England - Spain, i knew the aircraft was coming from Spain, prior to flying back again with me on board so i set up that flight to watch it come in. First off no information at all an hour after the flight was supposed to have left. I get an update saying the flight is an hour and 10 late out of Spain. No update of "Live aircraft position" for ages (which compared to Flightradar24 this app is waaaay off anyway) When it did update it reckoned the aircraft was some 150 miles away still, yet here was me watching it pull up to it's parking stand in England, on time!! So where did that 1:10 delay go? *bing* update: it's landed. Great..tell me the departure gate. 2. No it was gate 20.   I asked the flight crew if they were delayed leaving Spain, but they weren't, they'd left on schedule.  I wanted this app to be good, because i'd use it a lot. but it's not. at least not yet.
Not working... please fix.
The app was the best there is it use to update and notify me of any changes instantly, but now I get no updates no status change, one of the flights I am tracking landed 8 hours ago and still no updates the next flight took off over 4 hrs ago and still no update I hope somebody could help with this problem
Don't waste your money. The app said that I had arrived. . . But I was delayed awaiting the arriving aircraft and hadn't even left yet! Similar free apps Do a better job.
I would love to give it 5 stars because the app UI seems very good, but after tracking 3 flights with wrong info I don't see the use for this app. For the last flight, 10 hours have passed and it still didn't have ANY update.   Sorry but under this circumstances the app is useless.
Dose not work at ALL!
Tried it once, flight info was incorrect. Uninstalled. EDIT: Nice work devs, your response is much appreciated. I just reinstalled and am looking forward to trying it again.
Crashes as soon as I open it! Waste of money!
Didn't update in time info about Russian planes
For 10 bucks, this doesn't show a takeoff for an hour or more after a competing FREE product.
Last year app was v good, everything was working. Last week I did use same company (wizzair) like last year and there was no live info. No gates, no estimates.
I have already paid for it once why should I pay for pro?
Doesn't find any flights that I check. My friend was coming back from Spain and nada.
Not sure what happened but it rarely ever gets gate information on most flights now. By the time it does it's too late and pointless. The worst is the LaGuardia gates. Has never gotten a gate right yet. I now have to use the Delta app or the United app.
You want *another* $5 to have TripIt integration?
It should detail which airlines it can track as it couldn't track a country national airline. I am not talking about trying to track a propeller plane airline either.
After installing KAYAK I saw that KAYAK is the best. Flighttracker, get out of my phone.
User interface is pretty confusing. When limited data available the app totally fails to communicate the situation. I've used it for several flights and no advantage over watching airport boards. Pretty useless.
did not pick up a change to the departure time of an AA flight even after refresh but the AA app did. Useless if it's going to be incorrect. sorry guys.
Extremely slow to update even with a great 4G connection.  Cannot use this app as a chauffeur.  Too bad, I love the widget.
Doesn't update until the flights land!
I love this app. I use it on my job often, being a ramp agent for a major airline. It comes in handy.
My flight got rescheduled , got a sms and call from the airline but the app data never refreshed .... Sheer waste of 250 bucks
If your flight is as late as 10 minutes this dumb app would not update the status for the entire duration of the flight! Just some stupid red box telling you it could have been delayed or canceled because it's late!
Waste of money. I wanted to track a flight from Barcelona to Belfast. First it wouldn't recognise the flight number on the airport website. When I finally got that sorted out, it wouldn't update it's status. It finally informed me the flight had landed one hour and forty minutes after it had. Useless.
Wanted it for delay updates in Australia but claimed that it wasn't available being an international flight
It don't work well, doesn't matter what kind of flight you put on it, it always will say "LATER AT THE DEPARTING".
Error when trying to update the app via Play Store
for Samsung galaxy S
Very poor on time estimate for arrivals.  1hour of time difference is way to much. Fix this problem
Wallpaper is stuck in west coast and won't show rest of routes
It's hit and miss. Sometimes I get updates and not other times. Making it less than useless.
no more update after purchase, widget fc on galaxy nexus ics...HORRIBLE SUPPORT
My flight was canceled hours ago and it's still not showing.  Useless!!!!!! Unreliable!!!!
Flight stats do not update for many hours, long after the flight has taken off and landed.  In fact it shows my flight as still enroute, but we landed and I've been home for 6 hours!
It used to be good application,  however it's doesn't provide updated information on time.
i paid for the app, and then they issue an update for which they charged me 5 euro... besides, the app is not very accurate!
All international flights wrong.
This app is a lot more accurate on GTV, updating regularly and spot on time, this one was 30 minutes late. Why the difference?
Waste of money. Got three out of three international flight arrivals wrong! If I had relied on this app last time, I would have reached the airport 3 hours after actual flight arrival!
Paid app, does not work for any airport. Absolutely useless.
I am in Finland. Every time I so far have needed to track a flight - it hasn't worked. I know all flight details, still the app says "no flight found". Useless app for me so far.
Currently it takes up too much memory and does not have an option to move to SD Card. Once enabled, I will try it and see if I give better rating.
This application is a waste as it does not work for India...better updates are available from airport rather than through this app...please do not waste ur money on this app..
This is a big app that can't be transferred to SD card (at least not on my Aria)...results in a "low memory" warning.  I prefer/use TripCase instead.
I was trying to track the flight in which my family was travelling and I was never shown accurate information. Flight departure was delayed by about an hour but the app updated that information.
My flight just got canceled and this app still reports that the flight is delayed by an hour and half.
Flight status is always incorrect
9mb and no app to sd option on HTC desire - had to uninstall
Come on. 10mb and no support for sd!?
Waste of money luckily i purchased it on discounted rate. The flight data doesn't update automatically and shows just the planes on us radar
And only 10¢, airports should have a row tablet of tablets in the waiting areas displaying each flight. Samsung, Asus, are you listening?
Excellent app but no sdcard support.....that's just lame.....and immature, who gives a $#¡t about the widget!
No install to sd card.
Skyscanner is way better and Free...
Does not work on Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.1. Getting Access Request Failed when trying to log into TripIT.  Please fix fast as I fly weekly for work.
First time I used it it was great.  Never worked since.  HTC and galaxy...
I get updates after the event on my other phones - but is great for tracking and other features. It force closes and wont even open on Ice Cream Sandwich / Galaxy Nexus - please update ASAP
Rubbish. No updates are given in real time. I get told hours later a flight has landed etc. Complete waste of money
I get notices of flight delays when there is no delay and factual information updates so far after the event that it is useless. Sorry I bought it.
Have used this now with half a dozen flights and it either fails to alert me about delays or finally alerts me to arrivals well after planes land
Waste of money. (Free apps much better.) Tells me flight is delayed when it is in the air.
Ryanair flight not found... it's the third time. Maybe it's missing Ryanair routes for all of Europe? What a joke.
Great at telling me the past. Tells me my flight is delayed when I'm on the plane. Tells me my flight has landed late when I'm in the luggage area.
Not very accurate and needs app2sd.
Not very accurate and needs app2sd.
Would be great but can't do Ryan Air got it to track my sons family holiday he went with Ryan Air.
My mom hadn't taken off and this application showed her plane an hour into the flight. Maps are mathematical calculations with no real time data.
I downloaded FlightTrack today. Tried to track an AA flight my wife was on from Chicago to Bos. 90 minutes after the plan took off (I got the real data from the AA site) flight track had no take off info. It does provide a pop up screen that says "the departure info isn't available so the flight could be delayed or on time." Not a useful app for me. No stars from me.
This app is a must if you travel a lot. Very accurate and more up to date than the gate that you are standing in front of at the airport.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
Get flightboard instead. Does the same and more. To use flight track you need to know the airline and flight number (required).
Crap waste of money. flight landed 12 hours ago and its still saying its en route. Wish I hadn't bothered.
The in air flight tracking simply doesn't work. I have been on 4 diff flights using a Droid X and most recently a Samsung Charge and it does not work!
Thought flightview free was equally as good and free if you don't mind and advert or two.
I'm sitting at the gate and waiting for my on time flight to board. Flightrack said it was delayed. Not accurate. Uninstalled and refunded.
I track my soldier to Korea. It let's me know when she will come and go. It is well worth it to watch the plane on the map as she travels.
downloaded basic and pro. Neither worked. Removed app from device.
There is no live updates unless u r connected to WiFi, i wish WiFi to be available on board! Gps location is a bullshit.
Don't buy this, there's a huge delay in you receiving information, airline websites are much better and FREE!
Just aweful, flight tracking is better, I have both, and this one is just not informative enough.
Would love to have this app but had the authorizing purchase hanging bug and had to go for refund to get out. 5 reboots later and phone works again...
Would love to have this app but had the authorizing purchase hanging bug and had to go for refund to get out. 5 reboots later and phone works again...
Data really unreliable. Have a 2 hour delay and the app says its on time. Notice boards must be wrong!
app did not download. tried to get the refund (within time) but told redund not available
Worthless.12 hours ago flight advanced 3 hours.this junk still says its unchanged.yes I refreshed.I sure its somebody else s fault app didn't read web
Absolute crap and total waste of good money. 80% failure rate - need to look at airport website for accurate data. Do not recommend even 1 cent!
This app is not accurate with the flight info at all. Waste of money. App actually does not work with real info. It's like a 5 year old is playin game
Not real-time gate changes!! Pretty much useless if we can't rely on updates. Of course I'm flying Delta which has changed gates 3 times in 20 minute
I have used this application for the last three years, first on my iPhone and now on my Droid. I wouldn't dare travel without it. It ROCKS!!!!!!!!
Paid version has delayed info. Shows the plane in air when it is delayed 2 hours
TOP- NOTCH app..BEST in class..i drive limo's for a living & this app is INDISPENSABLE
I'm not sure if it's to do with flights i'm tracking or the app but it's never accurate. Updates aren't frequent enough for it to ve useful.
Very good apply. Fast. Good ui etc. Had this apply on my blackberry and its even better on my droid x.
App 2 SD. Show terminal and gate info. I'd like to search flights by airline and roundabout times...without flight numbers.
Only bought it to track 2 flights, it didn't find either. Uninstalled and refunded, can't trust it to work in the future.
Dissapointed. Two different flts. for same fly number. showed one enroute and one on ground, before boarding! O/T flt showed hour late before dept.
Flights are often updated on this app before they show on the boards in the airport. This is a must for frequent flyers.
Current data inaccurate during wife's flight.. showed mid Atlantic when about to land in Munich, even after refresh. Need to show multiple time zones.
Iphone version is much better. This one does not remember your last airlines and destinations, so I input is much slower and frustrating. I refunded.
Iphone version is much better. This one does not remember your last airlines and destinations, so I input is much slower and frustrating. I refunded.
Waste of 5 dollars. Its been saying that my flight is still flying (on route) for 13 hours when i landed 2 hours ago. (Droid)
There is no support for some airlines. It's not worth the money. Don't buy it.
There is no support for some airlines. It's not worth the money. Don't buy it.
Flight status reports from this app come in considerably late.
keeps freezing when the flight is almost at the destination and stops updating the information until it's about half an hour after it actually has arrived. Atrix.
I have been using both Android and iOS versions (paid) for a few flights in Europe and the app has never been able to supply gate information. It does, however, tell when I have landed, without fail, but that I know anyway. This may be airport or airline specific, but the airline's own app shows gate data that FlightTrack doesn't.
Is not Very reliable
Stated a flight was arriving 1 hour late, yet it arrived on time.
Dont always get updates. Aircraft position shown on map is very inaccurate (eg 300 miles out!) compared to real time position shown on plane finder.
Features says it shows seat guru maps, but it seems to not have this functionality.
It's so far been useless to track upcoming departures. No flight changes have ever been updated on my app. Tripit integration is also useless as tripit fails to update my inltineraries automatically. Also, forget about flight data when flying to more obscure airports.
Excellent design and interface, a beautiful app to use but unfortunately it is either inaccurate in tracking flights or cannot find the required flights altogether.
Now, I am getting flight updates from our travel agency before the app goes off, and most of the time now, it doesn't! Please fix.
Flights need to be updated frequently!
Display's ONE FLIGHT AT A TIME ONLY. There is no option to 'view all...' currently in the air', 'from/to an airport'. Or by map. Only (very) useful if you want a particular flight.
For the amount of money i paid, i was disappointed that i didnt receive gate information for airports in Europe. I would probably be better off using the free airport apps on the market. The flight tracker isnt very accurate either.
Arrival times when flights are delayed show scheduled time,  instead expected times
I need refund pls
Application better, but data is not accurate as flight aware app.
This would be the best flight tracker app if it actually showed the flight plan and flight path on the map.    Don't be misled, currently only a line between two points
But I wish they hadn't narrowed the view of the live background without the corresponding option to keep it as it was.
Not very quick to update in real time
i get information much after time.  delays and landings appear sometimes hours after making it useless and unreliable. also some airlines and airports are not reporting at all. i still use airport websites when it's really important. plus,  this is a paid app, why is there another 'pro upgrade' version that include more features? should i upgrade and pay again?
... Seriously...???
Maybe not the app developers fault, but I am tracking a flight now that IS on the ground still and this app says the plane left 9 minutes ago...so, that's an issue.  Update to my review: The app updated and plane is now back on the ground instead of 1/3 the way to its destination. So now we are breaking the laws of physics, but at least the app corrected its mistake after the flight was supposedly in the air for 20 minutes or so. :)
Installed it. Find that it is always far behind websites and other information sources. Can't see any benefits of this app.
Frequent error relating to connection. Frustrating. Will not update flights or even allow search for flights.
Not sure what is the point. Doesn't know which gate or whether the plane is late. The only update I get is an hour  after landing. Even the type of the plane is wrong. Maybe it's just a problem with data in Europe - tried on only 10 different flights from 2 airlines.
Works well, however tracking data is delayed by about 10 mins sans that and once your use to it works great.  IPhone has inbound flight delay function
Doesn't seem to find chartered flights
Not the best experience. After successfully guiding me through the outbound flight, all without a hitch, I arrived confidently to the airport to get into the return flight. I check the app...The list is empty! I had to go the good ol' way, searching for screens. Before departing, I input all the flight details, since I have a connecting flight. I'd like to have at least guidance in the second airport. Nope. When I landed, the app had lost the details again. On the first trip it kept all the information even when rebooting the phone. Without changing any configuration, it lost the return leg of that same flight, twice.
Needs to make it easier to track recurring flights. Some flights missing
Tried it with different flights in Europe but departure and arrival updates came with a delay if at all. Currently I am tracking a QR flight from Paris to Doha but the departure was never updated while the arrival delay is displayed. At the same time the map shows that the flight has not yet departed.
Stockholm and a lot of the other nordic airports takes a long time to deliver their delays and landings.
Bad status when the phone is in a different timezone than the tracked flight. Should not rely on local time to determine whether the flight is "en route" or "landed".
This app is the best at searching for flights by airline, flight number or its to/from airport.  But its actual flight tracking is terrible! I just went to the airport because this app showed the aircraft through about 75% of the flight. At the airport, the app kept updating with a later arrival time (aircraft further away from its destination on the map). Eventually, I figured out that the plane HAD NOT EVEN DEPARTED the original airport. This app completely wasted my time!
Downloaded this onto my HTC Wildfire S. Unfortunately, the phone doesn't have much in the way of storage space and this app is relatively large and won't move to the SD card, so I am left with little in the way of storage space for other things.  Having to remove it since it's making my phone unworkable for the reasons stated above. Shame, since it seems like a nice app. Glad I only paid 10p for it though!
No app2sd. It's incredibly frustrating when developers won't let you move a large program to the AS card.
App takes up 9 mb and has no way to move to sd. Otherwise works pretty well.
Nice ui, looks like it has a lot of useful features but doesn't seem to work with ryanair.
sometime it finds the flight, sometimes it doesn't and produce error message
Just tried this No Ryanair found lets face it Ryanair most of Europe so app not a lot of good
Very useful. Love the tablet version.
Ryanair flight not found... it's the third time. Maybe it's missing Ryanair routes for all of Europe? What a joke.
I bought this program based on David Pogue's rave review on how accurate it was. I have not found it to be particularly accurate at all. In fact, In just a few weeks I've had cases where it was past the time that FlightTrack said the plane was taking off and the plane was still on the ground. You are better off just checking with the airline, as that is free.
Tracked first flight like a charm but would not update after that. A flight I know left 4 hours before is still showing at origin.
Bought this to track ryanair flights for my holiday, whatever Isearch it does not find any ryanair flights :(
Wonderful app. Not only great for the traveler but also for those picking them up at the airport. Saved me a bit of hassle at JFK with a gate change.
This app is useless unless you flight to/from the US. In South America, it is completely useless. Pointless app for South American users
Not useful, don't like the fact you have to search for flight, that can be done on kayak!
Very accurate, useful and timely flight information for basically any airline or flight. It informed me of a gate change before the airline did!
The map feature just shows a straight line between the airports, even though it could have deviated somewhat. Many free apps can do the same thing this does. Refunded and uninstalled.
Out of 6 flights I tracked so far only 2 displayed accurate dep/arr information. Some airborne flights were not found in database. No AP2SD support.
Thought flightview free was equally as good and free if you don't mind and advert or two.
I could not find any of my flights. It is nice app but it is not working.
Completely useless when I needed it. Spent 8 hours waiting for a delayed flight home, FlightTrack knew less than the baa website.
Wish it had accurate gate changes. Gate was changed on one of the flights I'm tracking today and 30 minutes later it still shows wrong gate on refres
Gate info, Delays & SeatGuru are always "unavailable" for all of my flights although they are available in FlightStats. Makes this app almost useless.
Don't buy this, there's a huge delay in you receiving information, airline websites are much better and FREE!
Just aweful, flight tracking is better, I have both, and this one is just not informative enough.
I'd like to be able to choose where to center the lwp. Other than that, everything else works great.
Overpriced, flight track is cheaper with same function. Design wise the app is great but not with 4.99, the upgrade to pro is an addtnl 4.99.
What happened? Idid the update and the paid version was replaced by the free version , bad app, i'll complain !!!
Does what it says...but maybe not outside the US Yes, this professional looking app has a good grip on the rough flight details such as dates & scheduled time, but the takeoff, in-flight, landing and gate details are sadly lacking. Surely this is the whole point of such an app? Maybe this is just in the UK? The Seat Guru feature is handy for choosing a good seat though.
Adds flights nice n easily, but doesn't update properly. Was sat on the plane,ready to fly, and the app didn't even show the gate.
If you think this will give you info about flights in an area live, it will not. You have to tell it which flight to track.
Looked really great but when my wife took a flt it kept saying the flt was ontime and did not track it. I bought flightview and it worked flawlessly
3 hours after the flight has landed, this app is still saying the flight is in the air...
Paid version has delayed info. Shows the plane in air when it is delayed 2 hours
I'm not sure if it's to do with flights i'm tracking or the app but it's never accurate. Updates aren't frequent enough for it to ve useful.
I'm not sure if it's to do with flights i'm tracking or the app but it's never accurate. Updates aren't frequent enough for it to ve useful.
This app has given me inaccurate information on a few occasions. Kind of unreliable, have to always double check with the airline websites.
Had a plane change twice and didn't show up. Free apps exactly the same info.
Current data inaccurate during wife's flight.. showed mid Atlantic when about to land in Munich, even after refresh. Need to show multiple time zones.
Map is not updated and inaccurate. Elapsed time should read remaining time or vice versa, and speed and altitude remain unchanged until end of flight
Not very accurate when there are delays. Still shows my flight departing at 830. It is 10:00
very useful app
Would be nice to have a login/session concept so that flights on multiple devices are synced. Also - too many airlines aren't showing departure/arrival information. Is there another way of FlightTrack getting this.  It also used to show departure gate information, but doesn't now.
Not all flights are being displayed from origin to destination. Used to display all direct flights..
... You'd expect the flight delays to update. My flights are delayed often, and this app rarely tells me I'm delayed. The airline specific apps are faster. Great app to keep track of your itinerary and search other flights, but when things happen, this is not the app to rely on.
This is really killing my internal phone storage, please allow us to move to SD Card
gate assignments not up-to-date with carrier info.
Updates lag a little, very useful app though
Will this be updated like the new free app?
As another reviewer noted, the scaling is off but it's adequately functional
the one time I actually needed the app, it wasn't able to track the flight.. Interface and stuff looks quite nice.
Flight is 2hrs delayed, FlightTrack still shows "on time". Maybe ok, because other web sites also don't have more recent data.  But not having a phone number for Virgin America?
Widgets don't resize on galaxy nexus properly. One of the two Widgets has a very small text size and the other just shows one of your flights and not the whole list like the first Widget. Besides, entering the flight info manually is so 1990. Smart apps read your email for flights and update the app accordingly (like the app Slice). If I keep entering all my flights manually with the crazy travel schedule I have I would need to hire someone to do it.
Updates consistently come in 5-10 minutes slower than FlightView. FlightView also shows information about gates, redirections, and flight path where FlightTrack shows either no info or old info.  So this app is useful and ghas a pretty UI, but not amazing.
Sometimes it doesnt track some flights. I had problems with flights in europe. It says that the flight information is not on their database. Please fix that.
Very useful but sometimes the updates don't give right information..
I fly internationally from the UK and this never seems to have the departure gates. I end up having to look that up on boards. Other than that pretty sweet app
Would be five stars if you could sync across devices. Maybe even a facebook login so I could brag about my pending holiday trips.
Used to look good as live background, but turned ugly in past few weeks. Lost its "glow" :-(  Why??
Great app would be better if layover times went past 12 hrs
Flightstats gives the info sooner...background updates need to run more often.
I do a lot of flying and it looks like this will be a big help. One unbelievable omission is the lack of syncing between devices (phone and tablet).
Functional I guess, but please update to adhere to ICS design principles.
Maybe it is the airlines fault but if I cannot trust that this app will give accurate and updated information it is of little use.
First,  find this tool to provide accurate information. But background updates drain the battery. This really needs to be a push type service.    Second, the widget needs a way to manually advanced to the next flight.  Consider this.  I am connecting through DFW to another destination.  When I land,  I immediately want to know the next gate I need to go.  I don't care about status on my current flight.  I'm already there!  Either provide an option to prefer the next flight or give me control to select it.
Doesn't update fast enough and gates change without a prompt notice.
Good app, but shows wrong gate for my flights
Price is reasonable also
Free apps shows baggage claim information.  This paid app does not.
This app used to update faster and more accurately. I wouldn't buy it again.
I'm a pilot and I commute to work this app is fantastic for finding different ways to get to and from work when flights are oversold or delays with weather etc. Always accurate and up to date!
Good application with an easy to use interface but the map is very very slow to drag and zoom using an Asus Transformer even with just one flight tracked. Needs to be much faster and smoother.
Good but needs app2sd.
For the most part good but sometimes show in-flight when still on ground.
But desperately needs ability to move app to sd card!
Doesn't seem to find chartered flights
I bought this app some time ago and it's been handy tracking flight changes and etc. well, not anymore... It doesn't update itself as it use to, I've been waiting to see about one particular flight, that have been completely canceled, or other, that has been changed... No sign on the horizon!
Needs. Faster updating. Also needs maps of airports.
Works well, but uses an amazing amount of flash for such a simple purpose. Also it lacks the option to move to sd which makes matters worse.
But doesn't have gate info for Heathrow airport, one of the biggest in the world! But timings and changes are good
Widgets don't work on verizon galaxy nexus LTE
Weather is only in US units and not changeable.  It should attempt to detect it automatically (US > Fahrenheit, others > Metric with an option to override...)
Works well but hogs memory
Decent app, would be nice if it can remember history of flights typed, would be better if sort by flight time worked properly -- it sorts only by date, but time is not chronological, makes it confusing or hard to read. For what it's supposed to do, it's great.
Not a super critical app, but VERY cool and well done.  Nice job!
App cannot track back through originating flights to help predict delays based on tail #.  Emphasis is on polished UI at the expense of features.
Not very happy with it. I get notifications that a plane landed hours or days after it landed.
I would give more stars if it weren't for the flight status changing without explanation. It would be nice to know what changed!
Bought this to track ryanair flights for my holiday, whatever Isearch it does not find any ryanair flights :(
Wonderful app. Not only great for the traveler but also for those picking them up at the airport. Saved me a bit of hassle at JFK with a gate change.
This app is more for the us market. Im from the uk. It does provided basic flight information for the uk.
OK app., but live wallpaper is centered over W. Africa, not my L.A. to Melbourne flight! And updates aren't always timely.
Somewhat disappointing that the app uses scheduled flight data versus actual in displaying aircraft location.
Not useful, don't like the fact you have to search for flight, that can be done on kayak!
This needs to have Google calendar sync like in the iOS version, these are all Google phones here....
Doesn't work very well when offline. It will complain that it cannot connect and then loose data previously had (could have cached for offline use). Slow to update gate information even on domestic flights in major airports such as Chicago.
Nice looking interface but first flight entered has not updated. Airline website state flight left but not updated on app.
FlightTrack has a nicer interface, but FlightView has better features that make it a stronger program.
Not very accurate. I can see departing and arrival times directly at source and destination airports yet this application doesn't know about delays.
Nice app. My kids and I like to go out to the airport and watch the plans land. It would be nice if you could see all arr or dep for an airport.
Very useful & acurate. Saved headaches by notifying in advance of flight delays & cancelled flight. Highly recommend for any air traveller.
app does not include Virgin Australia (VA) flights. VA is now a major Australian /International airline. PITY!!! Please fix.
Should integrate with calendar. At least provide option to make calendar entry and backup/restore.
Helps me pick up my clients at the airport. So far so good.
Just ok. Checked my flight while sitting on taxiway and it showed us halfway to destination. Also a huge lag in landing notification.
I love this app. It's not always perfect on last minute changes but close enough.
Works well in normal circumstances and satisfied, untill I realised this app cannot detect big flight changes during earthquake crisis in Japan.
Decent app. Was really disappointed that the flights on the map were not accurate at all. It kind of makes a zooming map useless.
Decent app. Was really disappointed that the flights on the map were not accurate at all. It kind of makes a zooming map useless.
It's a great app but it never gets the gate for my flights. Even the free Apps do that.
Good app but needs improvement. It's true that it is not consistent, so tough to rely on. Airport websites are much more precise.
Good app! But it would be nice to see all options from one city to the next, including connecting cities not just direct routing.
Used for international and domestic (continental US) flights, and so far works beautifully. Love it!
It's awesome! Packed with tons of flight info, constant flight updates, very easy to use!
Paid version has delayed info. Shows the plane in air when it is delayed 2 hours
Would like to be able to save a default Airline, and select multiple flights but not save all. DX
Very good apply. Fast. Good ui etc. Had this apply on my blackberry and its even better on my droid x.
It doesn't work the same on my Droidx. No notifications or calendar updates. Please fix.
Dissapointed. Two different flts. for same fly number. showed one enroute and one on ground, before boarding! O/T flt showed hour late before dept.
I travel weekly and as we all know connections are tight. This is a must and offers quick flight updates.
Tracking of international flights could be improved, data is often imprecise. This is especially true for economy airlines.
I am a limo driver and pick up from airports constantly. This application has saved me a lot of money in parking fees alone. Well worth the $4.99.
Tripit integration is great. However the widgets could use an upgrade. They don't look great on 5 wide screans like galaxy note, and don't resize well with custom home launchers.  But functionally the app is great.
This is a must have for any traveler. Alerts are great advising of gate changes during layovers. Love it.
Works great on the HTC Evo and the Samsung Galaxy 3s.
I use this app whenever myself or someone I care about needs to travel.
Update: using airline codes not names, i was able to find local flights for Australian domestic flights. Useful utility, well done. I find this one better than other similar apps. Ability to select time zones of choice is really handy. Please allow printing of flight maps in the future versions. Thanks. Atrix & Xoom EOS 4.1
There's lot of room for improvement...
If the program allows user to sort the flight per user's interest e.g. Arrival time, I would rate it 5 stars!
Works. Helps me organize my trips and prevents me from forgeting about them!
Very good app. No connecting flight info tho.
Moved to Flight Track from Flightview. More options...plus flight duration. I fly across multiple timezones and the flight duration is a plus. Samsung Galaxy
Love this tracker but wish i could group my flights vs my family flights and track separate. Also allow grouping as connecting flights and map?
I am a airline pilot and live on this program.
...but sometimes delay to update info is too long!
Useful for traveling.
There are many things I really about the functionality of this app but one thing I was disappointed with was the time it took to change the status of a flight.  I was intently tracking a flight my teenage daughter was about to take from another city.  She called me to tell me the flight was delayed an hour.  I didn't see FlightTrack's update for 45 minutes even though I kept refreshing the screen.  I'm not sure if this was an isolated event but I've learned not to put too much weight on the accuracy of its flight status information.
Sometimes flight times are off but well worth it
My gate has changed 3 times and this app has updated immediately before or after the announcement.
App is good , on galaxy s3 it doesn't give notifications when flight details changed.
App is good , on galaxy s3 it doesn't give notifications when flight details changed.
Very useful.
Great app!!! Very accurate,never miss a flight or picking someone up from airport!
Would be cool to not have to enter flight numbers multiple times for the same flight. Ex, going from LA to Baltimore, it would be nice to enter the flight # and be able to select all legs of the flight that apply to you. As it is, we need to enter it once for each leg of the flight.
The find alternative flights feature should have an option to search for not just flights with the selected airline displayed on top, but ALL routes getting to the same destination with ALL airlines afterwards
Would like to be able to report delays or changes.
App is worth $$$. I use it every travel and its accurate.
Thank you for this beloved app. 5 stars
I use this app a lot, for when I'm flying commercially. I'd love it even more if it included a feature to track by tail number, since I also travel in private planes -- then I could delete Flight Aware. Also, I'd appreciate it if the system told me what model of aircraft a flight is scheduled for.
Have been using this app for several trips. No mistakes. Not all air companies can be found.
Perfect if you fly once or regularly. Gives up to date info and enables you to relax a little more
Useful app for one who travels a lot.  Great app for organising all your flights in one place, getting details on terminal and flight numbers.
Just sometimes cannot get flight status updates.
Use it a lot when assessing likely timeliness of Easyjet flights, would be very useful if the previous route for the plane requested could be shown, to help assess likely delays
... and even better customer service. I had an access issue and Kristina did an excellent job of diagnosing it and resolving the issue, spent a bit of time and trouble and was very gracious the whole time. Mobiata (and Kristina) get top marks for service and quality work.
Not always accurate, but then neither are the airlines sometimes...
Some airlines not shown though. All majors ones ok.
seems to be a really nice application. The map feature on my Asus Transformer Prime is a bit slow though.
I like how it picks up the flights and keep them updated
Recommended very good
Love it
Great app, but does not display SeatGuru seat maps for A380.  This must be an issue with the app since SeatGuru has maps for this aircraft.
Great app for pilots.
This is a fantastic travelers companion. Prompt status updates, and some other great features (I.e. contact the airline directly from the app, plane seat map and % of on time departures). Even great if you're often picking people up from the airport. Highly recommended. Samsung Galaxy Nexus.
Can´t move to sdcard.
Works great. Hasn't been wrong for me yet and I travel every week for work. But it devours the battery on my Droid Razr like nobody's business
Travel between asia pacific to europe continents never fail.sharing to facebook doesnt work though,posted empty post on the wall.fix it and ill give 5
I work part time as a chauffeur, and this app is critical for me to provide the best possible service to my customers. I love the live wallpaper packaged with the app, because it gives me a quick visual representation of the status of each day's trips. I wish it had the ability to search flights by arrival time, without an airline or flight number. I also wish it had the ability to track flights by aircraft tail number, like Flight Aware.
Works well.
The app works good. Sometimes the intimation on the flights are slow. I do like using the app when I travel.
I like this app quite a bit. I have some issues with getting my flights to show on the live wallpaper, but otherwise works well.
this app is reliable. a little expensive though.
Fairly accurate
Great app, but it really needs a way to export your flight info to another FlightTrack user via Android Beam , e-mail, etc.
Sucks
Great app, use it regularly to track my own flights and flights of friends and family. Love that you can change time zones now. I would like to be able to create my own layovers for longer stops that don't get automatically linked.
Excellent product.
Great app! Do wish you could see flights with connections
Confirms itinerary & provide updates on any delays, handy when travelling or picking up atribed guest & family... Additionally developer team super responsive! Size reduction is fantastic!
Only reason for 4 stars vs 5 is it seems to be lagging. May be just a thing for my device, EVO4g but will show flight in the air when landed, off by approx 10 minutes sometimes more. Where it picks up is delays, gates, and a big plus, when a flight is ahead of schedule.  Cannot keep the wife waiting.
Works well on Galaxy S
Cool app, I use it weekly, but it would be cool, if I could move it to SD card, because it needs a lot of space, and my phone doesnt have so much ROM.... :)
I love this app!  My only gripe is that it doesn't list all flights for an airline when searching between 2 airports, which can be annoying.
Works for me!
Very good app, but needs to install on SD card.
Move to sd card plz
Get SD card storage please
Best layout and ease of use.
I love this app! It notified me of my flight delay before the airline did. Removed one star because it keeps bugging me about rating this app.
Would be nice to be able to sync my flights to all of my devices.
I do a lot of flying and use this routinely.  Ability to track the inbound leg of your flight is particularly useful as an early warning for delays.
Great for getting current flight data for recreating in flight simulator 2004
In the airport now. So far this app has been working good. Don't even bother trying to find your flight info more than 3 days in advance, you won't find it. Everything else is great!
As an airline crew member this is very helpfull with my schedule.
Only thing missing is sync across devices. Hate having to enter the flights on all my devices...
I like the functionality, but it is tedous to add and remove flights. Wish there was some automation and a way to connect with TripIt or Concur.
Only complaint is entering flights could be easier.
App use it for work. Does what it says
This app works really well! I would give it 5 stars if users could track by N-number, be able to track charter flights.
Or link to reservation documents. Would have upgraded to pro...   Otherwise, it's quite handy.
Very east to use and pretty current to what is happening.
Does exactly what it says. Very good.
I have been using this for all my air travel & I am most happy with this app. Now my secretary has it too. I am much better off than travel agents with this one. Its a must have for all business travellers
Upgrade your travel experience with push flight status notifications.
Will be even better if the flight updates were more timely... currently at times update occurs not until few minutes before an event.
PLEASE allow the main program to be moved to the SD card.  The upgrade is fine on the phone, thats small, but the main program is HUGE.  Runs great, love it otherwise.
Does all it says it will. Easy to use and very practical. Highly recommend it.
I've found this app to be usually more accurate than flight board updates.
all in all, good, useful have for checking flights, the only complaint i have is with the map view, doesn't get updated
Annoying "new" map bubbles get in the way. Rest of app works great, map needs to be cleaned up.
Great You but...flight info sometimes delayed and flight map is not the real flight map. FlightView does not have this problem.
Amazing app, worth every single nickle. 5 stars
Love this app.
Would gladly give up the widget if app could move to SD card. Only complaint is app is too large not to be able to move to SD.
I use to have to call the airline or navigate to the flight status page of their website to see if an arriving or departing flight was on schedule, and I was usually pressed for time. Now all I have to do is glance at my phone and see the status right away, with an audible tone and pop-up alert when a flight's status changes. Info is generally up-to-date, but if the flight you are tracking is operated by another airline, it is best to use the actual airline's flight info. Doesn't track Ryan Air.
I use to have to call the airline or navigate to the flight status page of their website to see if an arriving or departing flight was on schedule, and I was usually pressed for time. Now all I have to do is glance at my phone and see the status right away, with an audible tone and pop-up alert when a flight's status changes. Info is generally up-to-date, but if the flight you are tracking is operated by another airline, it is best to use the actual airline's flight info. Doesn't track Ryan Air.
Very good and stable app.  Sometimes will get updates that before the airline will notify.  A must have for anyone traveling!
Nice
Even better than expected. Headed in the right direction with Flight Track.
The best thing about this app is the ability to press one button and pull up every alternative flight to your current delayed flight.
Sometimes it doesn't show updates quickly.
It's an excellent app and overall I'm quite pleased with it. I would have given it a 5 but it's missing the ability to name your flights/trips and, moreover, they REALLY should include airport maps.
I like this app very much. I would've given it 5* if there was the ability to give each flight a subject. Other apps  have this capability. I do like the being able to add notes. Thanks.
I use this app constantly on both my android phone and on the iPad.
Useful whether your flying or picking up a traveler.
Gives clear, accurate info. Suggestion.. widget should show day of week (eg Tue) as well as date.
I use this app strictly while i'm at work, as I am a ground handler for a major airline. Its very handy keeping me informed of the arriving flights i'm working with. It doesn't stay updated to the minute, which would be nice, as sometimes I've watched a plane land and taxi into gate in yyc before the app notifies me that it's even touched down yet... Regardless, I still rely heavily on this app. Worth the price.
Great and reliable applicaton. Highly recommend.
Flight tracker has never failed me.
Very good.  Sometimes a little late on arrival notification.  Otherwise would be a 5 star.
Very good.  Sometimes a little late on arrival notification.  Otherwise would be a 5 star.
If data entry update was as fast as flight track this would be perfect
pretty darn accurate.
Great app.  I work for the airlines and use this app daily.  Only complaint is flight updates are less frequent with newest software updates.
Why not allow us to move the app to SD card?
Loyal iOS customer, and the app is equally good on Android, however, it needs to be moved to SD card. 7-8MB on precious internal memory, please it can be done better. 4stars, but a 5star app. Nexus One.
The 4x4 widget just outputs "problem loading widget" on Samsung galaxy nexus, ics 4.0.2
REALLY needs to allow moving the app to an SD card
Great app, but let us move it to the sd card.
Works great. No complaints so far. Only comment would be to add calendar view when choosing flight date instead of Android dial selection.
Good app... really easy to use...  if there is an option to change language will be even better...
Needs install to SD card. Please update with this. Great app.
+5 for looking great, being fun and easy to use. -1 for not being able to create events in installed calendar Intents using flight data as start/end.
Please switch back to not display all codeshare flights.  Make selecting your flight very cluttered and confusing.
Need to be able to see more than just one flight
But need to improve coverage of Indian airports
Would be better if can move to sd card.
Just paying with it for a couple minutes it works pretty well on the asus transformer
Great little tool, good value.  Only problem is that I can't push it onto my SD card.
Really cool
Love this apparently. Easy and informative.
Flight Track has proved to be an invaluable app when I have someone arriving or departing via air. It is easy to use and always up to date.	Flight Track is easy to use and well worth the price. I have tested similar apps and this is the best by far.
Great product but the live wallpaper still does not work on the Samsung Infuse Super Amoled screen...  Needs to get fix NOW, it's been long enough!!!
Great app
Couldn't find a few AC Flights... if it wasn't for that, 5/5
I never get gate info on eu airports and delays appear half an hour late. Still great
Worth trying.
Rubbish. No updates are given in real time. I get told hours later a flight has landed etc. Complete waste of money
Nice app for domestic flights but needs better updates for international flights if that's possible
You do get updates for on time flights way before departure (a day or so), which isn't terribly useful..
But map view is buggy. Cannot reliably pan and zoom map. Optimus one, froyo.
Superb!
I use this everyday, works great!
Love this app as I use it frequently. Once the ability to add itinerary to the calender is added, like the older Web-os version, I will rate it 5-star
It would be great if it was easier to keep track of the flights through different means such as device syncing. Also by route for flight # changes
Does a good job. I travel alot and info is accurate 90% of the time. Occasionally it it more right about departure gates that the airport screens.
Does a good job. I travel alot and info is accurate 90% of the time. Occasionally it it more right about departure gates that the airport screens.
Bought this to track ryanair flights for my holiday, whatever Isearch it does not find any ryanair flights :(
Bought this to track ryanair flights for my holiday, whatever Isearch it does not find any ryanair flights :(
4 stars in the hope that it works as well as it sounds like it will
More accurate and has faster updates than Flight View.... I especially love the fact that it includes Seat Guru! Using it on my HTC Evo Shift.
Thought I could view all planes flying above. Couldn't without flight no, so refund for now.. Will probably buy if I need it for a specific flight. :)
Excellent App works like a charm. The only issue I have is it has a largish memory footprint and can't be moved to SD storage. I had to install the android sdk on my linux pc and use adb to forcibly move the app to the card, which worked like a charm. Deducting 1 star for this one flaw.
Needs setting to prevent non significant alerts (gate changes, small delays) during sleeping hours. Otherwise would be five stars.
Incredible app. Was using FlightView, but this is light years ahead! Well worth the few dollars. Evo
Works great. Gives current flight information and appreciate notifications on flight status change. Please enable saving to SD card.
Fantastic ap will give it 5 *** when I can move to SD card. GordyUK
Excellent program. Waited to rate until I had to use it several times. 5 stars when I can move it to card. Epic 4G
Very good app but I should be able to move an app that I paid for to my sd card. Lose a star.
Great app, would rate 5 if you could search by the aircraft tail number :)
This is truly one of my favorite apps: aesthetically pleasing, highly navigable, interface and accurate information.
Very useful & acurate. Saved headaches by notifying in advance of flight delays & cancelled flight. Highly recommend for any air traveller.
app does not include Virgin Australia (VA) flights. VA is now a major Australian /International airline. PITY!!! Please fix.
Make it able to be moved to SD card and figure out how to sync with calendar
Helps me pick up my clients at the airport. So far so good.
downloaded basic and pro. Neither worked. Removed app from device.
As a frequent traveler, this app makes air travel much easier to keep track of. Also great for keeping up with associates.Better with every update.
I'd like to be able to choose where to center the lwp. Other than that, everything else works great.
Worked as advertised. No problems with update. Dev quick to answer questions. $5 well spent. Nexus One
Would love to have this app but had the authorizing purchase hanging bug and had to go for refund to get out. 5 reboots later and phone works again...
What happened? Idid the update and the paid version was replaced by the free version , bad app, i'll complain !!!
Nice but fix the notifications. I only need one if a flight is delayed, canceled, arrives significantly early, or there's been a gate change.
Good app loving it but sime time is lag on the update but is the.best app
Good app but the bubble next to the plane you're tracking should be transparent as blocks the map.
Adds flights nice n easily, but doesn't update properly. Was sat on the plane,ready to fly, and the app didn't even show the gate.
I put in my son's flight to the UK and it only let's me open the application 50% of the time, bit of a check charging for it
Best there is. Great features like recent airports and favorite airlines. Customizable settings. Impressive tech support response.
I bought this and even after 10 minutes it kept getting stuck on" authorizing purchase". I had to cancel eventually and get a refund.
Good app but needs improvement. It's true that it is not consistent, so tough to rely on. Airport websites are much more precise.
Worked like a charm, was able to track my wife's flight all the way from south america. To see it was 2 hours late on takeoff and arrival. Evo 4g
Great app! I'm using this for 8 flights the next two weeks. It updated flight delays and by how much. The UI is easy to read w/ perfect caption sizing
I work for an airline. Was awesome until holidays started. Is it because of delays & weather? I still recommend to everyone.
Love this program! I travel a lot and it is very handy to have the departure and arrival gates listed and updated. Nice format. Very easy to use
Is great for tracking your flight but does not give me gate of baggage claim carousel information. Still is useful and easy for me to use though.
TOP- NOTCH app..BEST in class..i drive limo's for a living & this app is INDISPENSABLE
I'm not sure if it's to do with flights i'm tracking or the app but it's never accurate. Updates aren't frequent enough for it to ve useful.
Very good apply. Fast. Good ui etc. Had this apply on my blackberry and its even better on my droid x.
App 2 SD. Show terminal and gate info. I'd like to search flights by airline and roundabout times...without flight numbers.
Once gave me a near heart attack b/c it told me my flight to ireland was canceled only to call n found out everything was fine...better safe than sry
I paid for the full version. Well worth the money if you travel a lot.
love it sofar, but it would be convenient to separate itineraries into separate trips or groups. Im tracking 3 different itineraries, and its a mess.
I think the liftoff time and thetouchdown time gets blocked a little for security reasons.
Great app but I often find the widget doesn't update at all. Sometimes it does so hours after landing. Otherwise a fantastic app!
I like it but for a paid app to add a shameless plug with their website when sharing flight data is not appropriate
There is no support for some airlines. It's not worth the money. Don't buy it.
Awesome!!! Especially if you travel a great deal. Now, if only it can tell you the bookings LOL!!!
Title says it all.  The app has a user friendly interface that's easy on the eyes and easy to use. Weather and delays are also great addition.
Pretty neat app for tracking flights I have an interest in.
I'm a frequent flyer and this is a must have app. Works great on my T-Mobile MyTouch.
Great on my Samsung...saves time and effort finding how far your family and friends are from landing and when to leave for the airport!
Does what it's supposed to and even updates
very useful app
very useful app
Easy to use
This app does exactly what it says it does! Easy to use. I needed help from the developer because I had loaded the wrong version (my fault, not their's). I was amazed at how quickly they responded, talked me through what I needed to do, and provided an immediate credit. Loving being able to track my fiance's business travel. No more getting to the airport hours ahead of a delayed flight.  Will definitely update.  WELL DONE, AND THANK YOU!!
Does everything I need it to do. Great when you have a boyfriend that is a flight attendent.
Most helpful app ever
Just don't understand why I had to pay for an update.   Otherwise i live on this when flying,  picking up and dropping off at the airport.  Excellent app.
Great app
It has been a very useful app and has been quick to notify of gate changes etc.
I bought this app and travel at least twice a week one of the best program I have on my phone would suggest it to anyone flying or planning a trip :D
Very good and helpfull
Buy it!
Buy it!
A must have...
Let me see if I understand this correctly. People who bought this app don't get an update but a new free version has a better everything. But I can pay more for an upgrade to get what? Greedy little games from a company tripping on something that flies without a plane!
Only four stars because I was hoping that shaking my device would bring up a random flight. It does not. Edit: changed to five, thanks!
Works. Helps me organize my trips and prevents me from forgeting about them!
I work at ATL Airport and this app has helped me a lot. Since not all the flights are listed on the monitors at the same time this app helps many passengers who asks. Only downside is that International Terminal is listed as "I" instead of F. Also please be aware that the Airline frequently changes the gates. Always double check with the ticket counter.
Excellent app, many airlines, accurate tracking, widgets are awesome.
I am in the airline industry & the info I get from this app is very accurate & timely. I won't live without it.
great for commuting pilots between airports!!!
Very handy, Excellent tool to keep an eye on elderly mother's flights.
Don't fly without this app. If you do you might miss an important update. This app is such a help for traveling, especially if you have connecting flights.
An 80% traveller for nearly 15 years, a 2% traveller now. Just buy it. Don't get the upgraded version unless you need TripIt integration.
An 80% traveller for nearly 15 years, a 2% traveller now. Just buy it. Don't get the upgraded version unless you need TripIt integration.
The most accurate and intuitive reasonably priced flight tracking app in cyberspace!
Use it all of the time.
So handy
Great app
I have found this an excellent app and very fast
Great app. I usually seem to get updates faster than the airport announces them.
This application has been flawless for me. Money well spent. I always check flight status before heading to the airport to pickup someone and the amount of money I save from parking fees alone has paid for the app many times over.
Love this tracker but wish i could group my flights vs my family flights and track separate. Also allow grouping as connecting flights and map?
Been using it for years and keep loving it.
Fabulous! Amazing...
Very simple and clean. Nice to have something like this that keeps track of airline databases of planes in the air and their schedules. It helped me more than once to find the gate of my connecting flight while traveling this last week.
An option to show both Airports' and user's time zones on same time would be great
Great, cool.
All the flight related info you could desire.  Well designed logical and good looking layout.
I Travel a Lot and this is the only app i rely upon for flight timings and gate changes, its worth the cost.
Used it to coordinate my flights in Europe this summer. Excellent, tells you delays, how many mins late it arrived, etc. Simple, and very effective.
Love this app!
Straight and useful. Simple, timely notifications, a great display for updated info on flight times and great for picking people up at the airport.
App is good , on galaxy s3 it doesn't give notifications when flight details changed.
A super clean interface with all the info you'll need before a flight (notifications, etc), during a flight (tracking the flight on a map, etc) and post-flight.   Its hard to find a better app for this purpose.
Ive been using this for about w years and love it. It was recommended by a flight attendant and it us the best
I love it
Such a great app! Detailed information presented in an easy to understand way. The live wallpaper is very cool! You can see loved ones come home throughout the day just by looking at your wallpaper!
Accurate and timely flight information... sometimes I get an update before the gate and counter personnel have the infromation (or are allowed to disclose).
Awesome.
very good app.
App is worth $$$. I use it every travel and its accurate.
Nice app. It does what you expect it to - nothing more, nothing less. It is definitely value for money.
Haven't missed a flight or passenger yet!
Always delivers
Great app. Saved me countless times with connections, delays, gate changes, etc. INDISPENSABLE
I don't need a flight app as often as some people do, so it's great to have a live wallpaper that shows live flights.  Otherwise, using the app was great.
Due to this app,I knew about our flight cancellation before the travel agent.
I'm at the Atlanta airport right now and so far this app is a gem! Correctly identified an early arrival and the different departure gates for my flights as well as almost seamlessly real time updates on flight information. Great app and I'm glad I got it. If you fly nationally this app is amazing. Internationally I have no idea how the functionality is, but it doesn't apply to me anyways so 5 star rating. Don't change a thing.
Best app I've bought. Worth it. Sometimes it updates before the airlines notify me. For some one who travels, it's great.
Stated a flight was arriving 1 hour late, yet it arrived on time.
Great for planning travel and keeping track of flights.
Didn't update in time info about Russian planes
Greatest flight tracking program out there. Does what it supposed to do when its supposed to do  it.    Droid razor maxx .
Greatest flight tracking program out there. Does what it supposed to do when its supposed to do  it.    Droid razor maxx .
Very well designed and incredibly useful app. A must have.
Use this app regular has always been spot on
Best flight tracking app out there
So seamless, so intuitive, so helpful.
Super helpful, making my way through South America.
Faster updates than the monitors in the airport (and surprisingly the gate agents too...). Great tool to have when there are weather delays or other glitches. Love it!
Does what it says, all while looking good and being easy to use. Highly recommended.
It not only helps keep track of your flights, but trips of family members, etc. Gives a sense of security to follow the progress and the alerts are really helpful.
Best flight and trip management software for ios and android alike Use it every time someone travels
Love FT...  I'm an airline pilot and I rely on FT for accurate flight and gate info
I tried several flight trackers in the past and they all have been very unreliable. But not this one. This app gives you near real-time status of the flight and alert you on all changes. Map is beautiful. Seatguru access is helpful. Many intl flights do not have Seatguru access tho. One option I'd like to see is to turn off/on specific alerts. Say you are picking someone up, you probably don't care when the departure gate has been assigned.
As a pilot who commutes to work every week, this app is fantastic. I like that it has gate information for flights, and the quick-fill feature for airports is great!
The overall accuracy is impressive... This little app has saved me several times from having to rush to the airport and find out that my flight was delayed or run across a terminal due to gate changes.
This app is AMAZING- graphics are great, just like the airport graphics of flight arrivals, departures, in transit.  It saved hours and hours of travel by alerting me to a cancelled flight just as I was about to drive to the airport! Didn't have time to log into a PC but as going out the door checked my flight with FlightTrack and it said CANCELLED. Unbelievable, thought it must be wrong. Called the airport from the comfort of home and found the next available flight wasn't until the next day. Saved hours and hours of unnecessary travel! Simple, easy to use, and manage flights! LOVE it. Fun to view flights in transit. On my WiFi only Vizio tablet, need to set it up in advance but then it works perfect.Thank you FlightTrack folks. You saved my vacation day! Bought before this sale but so worth it!
Been using flight tracker for about 3 months now. Great addition to the suite of travel tools I use. Gate change updates are a life saver. With Tripit and Expensify, business travel is getting easier.
Been using flight tracker for about 3 months now. Great addition to the suite of travel tools I use. Gate change updates are a life saver. With Tripit and Expensify, business travel is getting easier.
I travel constantly and so does my fiancé, I tried the other two apps before spending $4.99 on this one. This one ia well worth it!! It shows the flight en route on the map, the other ones didn't,, and it's super User friendly and really easy to see. Great app!! Glad I spent the money!!
Works great
Love this app! Very very close to real time. Love tracking my family on international flights.
Works really well, especially when integrated with TripIt.
Very accurate. Allowed me to not wait aimlessly for my guests to arrive
Very accurate. Allowed me to not wait aimlessly for my guests to arrive
Great developers with great service.
Works great, information accurate.
Very good!!
Often more up to date than airport flight boards. Can't travel without it.
Only negative, it doesn't sync across multiple devices
This is a great app, really.  But I had to uninstall it because it hogs up the phone's memory; can't save to SD card.  Otherwise, definitely worth the purchase.
As a frequent traveller this app is indispensable.
As a frequent traveller this app is indispensable.
Great app, love weather forecast and weather radar
Simple to use and very helpful
Free version does everything I want (except converting the foreign time to local time).  Updates are fast, UI is great, graphics are very good.
As a frequent flyer this is one of my most useful apps!
I'm a flight attendant, and this is a great tool for me.
Software is good and very useful but most of the flights that i am looking for are not in their database, not accurate or show wrong information. For example a flight that is departured can be shown as 'Cancelled Flight'
Use it in Europe all the time Stuart
Must have if you're always on the road. Excellent features in addition to gate info, such as on-time percentage, map of direct flight with weather radar overview.
Works as it says...flights were accurate...can depend on this app...HTC Thunderbolt
I work ground ops at JFK, and I have to say this app is amazing. Sometimes, I know if our flight is coming in early/late/on time and the gate change before my supervisor does.
Excellent app...works well. I'm using an HTC Onex.
A little pricey but well worth it the quality is amazing
... and even better customer service. I had an access issue and Kristina did an excellent job of diagnosing it and resolving the issue, spent a bit of time and trouble and was very gracious the whole time. Mobiata (and Kristina) get top marks for service and quality work.
Battery drainage!
I'm a flt attn, this is a must!
great app
Love it!
I work in aviation. 5 star app
dependable always
I use Flight Tracker constantly and have for the past couple of years. It just keeps improving, keep up the good work!
Info is updated quickly.
Very good app. Recommended.
Seems to be perfect in every way. Flawless function & design. Highly recommended!!
Thanks dev very well made app.
Thanks dev very well made app.
Works great, but after my flight landed it wasn't until 5 hours later that it gave me a flight landed notification. Chalking it up as a minor glitch, but I definitely recommend this app.
If you're picking up someone from the airport or making a connection, the app is solid. I love using it. It gives me the "I'm in control" feeling.
This is my favorite travel app. Synchronized with Tripit makes it the best for air travellers
Great app, but does not display SeatGuru seat maps for A380.  This must be an issue with the app since SeatGuru has maps for this aircraft.
This one of my favoite apps. It is truely a huge help traveling or getting people who are. It has saved me hours. Thank you,
This one of my favoite apps. It is truely a huge help traveling or getting people who are. It has saved me hours. Thank you,
Very useful
Simple and elegant plus it works like a charm
I love it! Lets me know when the flight has taken off and landed, whether it went early or late. Notifies me when anything at all changes. You can also click on the destination and it gives you other info on there. Love to see where in the world the plane has got too. Very useful if your picking people up from the airport as well.
I love this app. I use it on my job often, being a ramp agent for a major airline. It comes in handy.
Great way to keep track of flights.
Works fine. Must have for frequent travellers.
Great app for pilots.
Easy to track and update all my flights on different airlines.
Deffo worth the money, really usefull app, works perfect too. Best flight tracker available
My flight got rescheduled , got a sms and call from the airline but the app data never refreshed .... Sheer waste of 250 bucks
This app is just awesome! It's user friendly, provides you all the data you need regarding your flights and the live wallpaper that I just discovered a couple days ago is really the best! I can see all the flights live in the background.
Very good app
Great app....keep you up to the minute
An excellent app that is very useful.... providing gate info and other flight change information as well as real time flight tracking.
This app has all the features a traveler needs.
Move to SD card, need some space!!!!!!!!!!!.
Worth the price
Worth the price
All in one solution for international travelers. Just can't get enough. Love it.
Flight track is much better than any other flight info providing apps .. since android is not fully PUSH, it may vary by minute or so ( it ain't the app but the Android OS) for those complaining try this app on iPhone to know the difference... thanks mobiata .. love from Thailand!
The ultimate flight track app!
Gives me updates before the airlines. Easy to keep track of a busy schedule and my frequent flying families.
When pilots are using it, you know it is reliable. If you fly a lot, you definitely need it. Awesome app!
Life saver when needed to find my friends arrival gate. Top app.
The app works good. Sometimes the intimation on the flights are slow. I do like using the app when I travel.
The app works good. Sometimes the intimation on the flights are slow. I do like using the app when I travel.
I love it
One of my favorite android apps. Worth every penny.
Works great, does exactly what it advertises and is very handy for someone who frequents airports either flying or picking people up. I've found out about flight delays on flight track before the delta app has sent me a push notification.
Works great, does exactly what it advertises and is very handy for someone who frequents airports either flying or picking people up. I've found out about flight delays on flight track before the delta app has sent me a push notification.
The best flight app I've used. Love it!
Pls push an update ASAP to remove the 3-dots Bar at the bottom of screen for ICS devices please. Thank you.
Don't use it often but when I do.... Works like a charm! Perfect app
Don't use it often but when I do.... Works like a charm! Perfect app
New wallpaper looks like cheap crap. Good app!
Great app, but it really needs a way to export your flight info to another FlightTrack user via Android Beam , e-mail, etc.
Its good to have weather you are traveling or receiving someone at the airport.
Have used this for 3 trips over 2 years and its proved reliable and very, very helpful.
Awesome app. Serves its purpose brilliantly.
Outstanding app.  It just keeps getting better!!!
After reading many reviews I took the chance and gambled the few dollars to pick this app up and it was true to form.  4 flights to and from my vacation destination and Flight Track did its job.  I recommended it to a friend that bought it and he's delighted by it as well.  It's a keeper on my ATRIX and XOOM.
like It but i Wish It would have a list of  all airport or when u put in a air port should Be a list of all flights
This app is great.
I bought the app before heading on a trip and haven't taken a trip without it since. It provides up to date information about departures and arrivals as well as additional information like gate and terminal designation. It often has the baggage claim carousel information as well, even long before the airline itself tells you. Magic!
Excellent tool for travellers.
SG 2, accurate info, at least for American flights.
Works as described. Perfect.
I travel every week and I rely on this app heavily.
Keeps me on time and helps me track all my flights.
Only reason for 4 stars vs 5 is it seems to be lagging. May be just a thing for my device, EVO4g but will show flight in the air when landed, off by approx 10 minutes sometimes more. Where it picks up is delays, gates, and a big plus, when a flight is ahead of schedule.  Cannot keep the wife waiting.
Only reason for 4 stars vs 5 is it seems to be lagging. May be just a thing for my device, EVO4g but will show flight in the air when landed, off by approx 10 minutes sometimes more. Where it picks up is delays, gates, and a big plus, when a flight is ahead of schedule.  Cannot keep the wife waiting.
Maybe move to SD support?
I love this app. Very accurate.
Simple and practical
very useful app. simple as that
very useful app. simple as that
Had to move from Apple to Android and App got lost in the way...outstanding and timely customer support! Fantastic App combined with amazing team.
Love this app. For the regular air traveller or enthusiast this app is essential.
Just what I wanted in a flight tracking app. Attractive ui.
Just what I wanted in a flight tracking app. Attractive ui.
It does everything I need.
If you travel alot, this app is a necessity. I love it!
This is perfect for anyone who flies or needs to drop off or pick up at the airport.  You can set up flights in advance, keep a widget on your screen, and know instantly whether the flight is on time or not.  Rock solid on my Droid2Global.
Not working well, planes have landed and it's still showing them as in the air...Not really worth having!
Great for finding the right flight for your schedule.
Great for finding the right flight for your schedule.
Love this app, but do not care for the new live wallpaper.
Helps me stay updated with flight times and terminal infos~ Came in real handy... Plus has an awesome live wallpaper to boot!
Love the app.
Incredibly useful app, and an awesome live wallpaper! Keep up the good work!
This app has been a savior many times over!  I've even used it to help other passengers find connecting gates while waiting to deplane. I had better info than the flight attendant!
One of the best apps I've used
This app has helped me on many trips to find the gate number for my connecting flights! Worth every penny! The new live wallpaper gives a better closeup of your selected airport! Very nice!
This app is awesome! From what I've seen it's very accurate on tracking flights. The only problem I have(and it's a minor one) is that while I like how the new live wallpaper looks, I still miss the old one. Could it be brought back as an option at least?
Extremely accurate & loaded with features...we'll worth the price to be on time & know what's going on!
works fantastic on htc evo.
Perfect for business travel!
Perfect for business travel!
Everything I hoped for. I am thoroughly impressed!
Works wonderfully every time I need to track a flight,  very accurate and easy to use....
Really helps to plan my trips!
If you do any amount of air travel whatsoever this is a great app to have!
Intuitive UI, and useful information organized into panes.
Recommended
A few faux pas, but all in all an excellent, well designed program.
A few faux pas, but all in all an excellent, well designed program.
Awesome.. Provides updates for the good airliners.. If it doesnt show updates for a flight the airliner is to be blamed..
No complaints about this app; it has saved me lots of frustration on several occasions.
And smart
Bestest app for this
Excellent for tracking flight info and receiving schedule change updates
Missing local time, add to calendar
Find this app to be the most accurate and reliable. My wife is a international flight attendant and it helps to keep me up to date on her flights.
Find this app to be the most accurate and reliable. My wife is a international flight attendant and it helps to keep me up to date on her flights.
Best layout and ease of use.
Very useful. Picks up Ryanair flights now too
Works great! Very up to date!
Thanks
This flight tracker app is excellent! it's has everything you need to know about tracking flights and flights details, and i am very satisfied with it.
Price is reasonable also
This is great app if you want to have all info you may need about flight including map with real time tracking . It is good for you when you travel because of updates for any changes. It might be even better to monitor flights of people important for you
Perfect for frequent travelers
.
I fly for a living and use FlighTrack to keep me up to date on what is going on.  The weather feature let's me see what is going on several flights ahead.
Most excellent
I used this app for two flights, with a layover on both.....it worked great! It was up to date, accurate & fast! Definitely worth the 5 bucks
Great for multiple stops and delays
Love this app!
Especially when paired with tripit. I used to be unorganized... Not anymore.
Especially when paired with tripit. I used to be unorganized... Not anymore.
Usually updates me about flights before the airport boards show a change.
Simple to use, easy to find information.
This app was updating my faster than the plane's captain
I love it. Up to the minute updates on flight,Gate, and status changes. A must have for the busy traveler.
Brilliant app.
Excellent app
This app just saved me 4 hours at the airport by making it easy to find alternate flights and book an alternate before anyone else!
No joke... I downloaded this app just today while on a trip back home. I knew I wouldn't have time to check what gate my connecting flight was boarding at. So I checked flight tracker when I landed in Chicago and went to the gate this was telling me. Sure enough that was the gate and boarded with 2 mins to spare! Saved my butt for having a long layover of catching a later flight. Whew! Thanks!
Great work with this app!! The Best!!
Great work with this app!! The Best!!
Good app. Works for what i use it. Could improve on international carriers, but that is probably a carrier issue and not an issue with the app.
Fantastic app. Able to track flights, save flights, receive notifications, and my favourite feature - see a real time *rough* map of where the current flight is! Awesome!
This app used to update faster and more accurately. I wouldn't buy it again.
I'm a pilot and I commute to work this app is fantastic for finding different ways to get to and from work when flights are oversold or delays with weather etc. Always accurate and up to date!
I drive a hotel shuttle and pickup the crew for different flights. This app makes it easy to estimate what time they will be out (usually 30min from the time they land). It keeps the flight that come in regularly & updates the info for the current day. Big time saver.
Best app I have ever bought. It makes traveling (especially with connections) or picking up friends from the airport a breeze.
Thanks. Galaxy S v2.3.4
Love being able to easily track multiple flights on different airlines.
It really comes in handy when you need it most. Even for people like me who don't travel too often, this makes the traveling experience so much better. Well done!
Great app. Pretty accurate. Best flight tracker app, you wont be disappointed.
Helped me quickly swap flights when first was delayed!
Works great... can't complain.
Very good interface, wealth of information, pretty accurate for the most part.
Very nice app, but add feature to categorize flights (distinction between my flight and those of my girl for instance). Maybe assign background colors, or folders? Or a submenu "other flights". And also, add more details on the airports (accommodation / map of airport / etc). And lastly, possibility to add confirmation code. Very nice work however!
I love a simple app that gets the job done!
I love a simple app that gets the job done!
Impressive, absolutely worth the price, specially if you gotta take a lot of flights for business. Fast and reliable updates, this will make you save a lot of time. The widget is very useful too. Get it!
Been using Flight Track since before they had an Android app. The widget really shines too. Runs flawless on Vibrant w/  CM7.
Since I fly for a living, I use Flight Track all the time.  Well worth the cost.  EVO 4G
Use it all the time.
this apps very useful
I honestly didn't think this app would be so useful. And it's optimized for tablets too.
I use this everytime I fly.
Beautiful and works well.
Very reliable and lots of information. Addition of SeatGuru makes it close to perfect.
I have been using this for all my air travel & I am most happy with this app. Now my secretary has it too. I am much better off than travel agents with this one. Its a must have for all business travellers
Got this when it was on sale. Best purchase ever. Faster and more reliable than the carriers' apps to update changes to flight times and gate assignments.
I bought this app during the 10 apps for 10 days for 10 cent. One of my best purchases.  If you travel often for work, this is a must.  Having up-to-date flight info is a necessity and FlightTrack is the perfect tool for that.
I love this app, great details, especially the seat guru feature
I love this app, great details, especially the seat guru feature
Great app, especially for keeping on top of delays in bad weather and gate changes for tight connections
This app is everything it advertises, simply amazing. I love it!
This app is impressive! Does what it says plus more; sends notifications when flight leaves, lands, etc. Definitely worth the cost!
This app is impressive! Does what it says plus more; sends notifications when flight leaves, lands, etc. Definitely worth the cost!
Great app with perfect amount of feedback and notifications. Very easy to set up, enter flights multiple ways, and it is very user friendly while still displaying a lot of valuable info. Thanks for a great experience, I will be a user for life!
Great app with perfect amount of feedback and notifications. Very easy to set up, enter flights multiple ways, and it is very user friendly while still displaying a lot of valuable info. Thanks for a great experience, I will be a user for life!
Works well, however tracking data is delayed by about 10 mins sans that and once your use to it works great.  IPhone has inbound flight delay function
I've used this app on my old Palm Pre and now on my MyTouch Slide 4g and it is rock solid accurate everytime.  I've tried the other flight track apps in the Market and this is the only one that worked everytime!
I need better cache of google maps for a flight
Best app for getting flight info and I'm a pilot for a major airline-I use Flightrack instead of our own website!!
I've had an Android for 2 years(Hero & now Epic) and travel a LOT. This app is worth every penny and then some. If you ever fly, even once, get it!
This app has worked great for me. I'm a pilot who commutes to and from work, and I'm able to check/keep track of multiple flights on different airlines. Well worth the investment.
Works great on my droid 3!
Doesn't seem to find chartered flights
Does all it says it will. Easy to use and very practical. Highly recommend it.
Olvídate de esos cuando era tu vuelo que me lo dijiste y no me acuerdo
Im a flight attendant. This APP helps me everyday to give my passengers their connecting flight info and updated departures. A MUST!
Love this app
I actually use this app for work, if that is a testament to the accuracy and usefulness of this app. Sort flights by gate, airline, time, and each by arrival or departure.
Always easy and it works
Hi I'm a "Limousine Operator in Chicagoland area; the App is a wonderful tool in my Business and won't leave home without it.  Very Helpful Accurate
Hi I'm a "Limousine Operator in Chicagoland area; the App is a wonderful tool in my Business and won't leave home without it.  Very Helpful Accurate
Great app! Would be nice if it could notify when a flight has started boarding.
Amazing app, worth every single nickle. 5 stars
I very rarely have to check the monitor at the airport.  I love knowing which baggage claim on the walk over. Well done.
Incredibly accurate, I watched my exchange student connect flights, and even told him where to pick up his bags.
Love this app.
Love this app.
Doesn't require excessive permissions or online login to work. That's 5 stars for me
Doesn't require excessive permissions or online login to work. That's 5 stars for me
This is an incredible app. I have been following my family's travel for the past two days and have been able to let them know of changes BEFORE the airlines have informed them.
This is just what I needed. Im a chauffeur, meeting clients at Heathrow, etc. Can set up i/c details night before, and it updates though the night. Not let me down yet! Only issue, need a very good '3G' or wi-fi.
This is just what I needed. Im a chauffeur, meeting clients at Heathrow, etc. Can set up i/c details night before, and it updates though the night. Not let me down yet! Only issue, need a very good '3G' or wi-fi.
Because of this awesome app, it saved me a good hour, thanks to its real-time updates.
I've had them all. Great job.
Brought a few weeks ago for just $0.10. Fantastic app. Flew from Brisbane, Singapore, Delhi to London and am about to do the return journey. Flight changes have come straight through on the app. Me likey.
With a busy schedule and an oft-traveling spouse, I use FlightTrack to help me adapt to short-notice schedule changes. Great stress avoidance tool!
Very good and stable app.  Sometimes will get updates that before the airline will notify.  A must have for anyone traveling!
A very useful first rate app.
A very useful first rate app.
Even better than expected. Headed in the right direction with Flight Track.
Fast updates on flight status beats Orbitz text message updates.  Highly recommend!
Use toys all the time.  After my son was flying alone last week I found out from this app when and where about 30+.minutes before the airline said anything. I even asked them they had no clue!
Use toys all the time.  After my son was flying alone last week I found out from this app when and where about 30+.minutes before the airline said anything. I even asked them they had no clue!
The best thing about this app is the ability to press one button and pull up every alternative flight to your current delayed flight.
Great app.  Disappointed as it wouldn't download at first attempt. Message appeared to try download again which worked but resulted in charging me TWICE
Great, very useful app.
Fantastic app and maybe the best value app out there for frequent travellers. Thanks!
I absolutely love this app...I was keeping my man updated on HIS status on HIS flight way before they told him.....plus the updates were wonderful!
This app is just too good! -galaxy note.
Works like a dream.
 Keeps me updated on changes in a flight. One of my favorite apps.
This app is a must have for any traveler.  I have been using it for years and they keep making it better.
Great app... Insanely accurate!
Consistently improving on an already great product.  I wish more developers were as great!
Consistently improving on an already great product.  I wish more developers were as great!
This app worked great I was the first to know about the delayed flight and therefore was the first to the counter to get rebooked. Thanks a bunch
This app worked great I was the first to know about the delayed flight and therefore was the first to the counter to get rebooked. Thanks a bunch
I was first hesitant to purchase this software but it really came in handy for this holiday season when I was given the job of chauffeuring people to/from the airport. Gives you updated flight times and gate information.
Needs. Faster updating. Also needs maps of airports.
Awesome app. Used it on my iPhone now Android. Sort every penny if you travel
I work at an airport and find this application indispensable to my job. Developer is very responsive.
I work at an airport and find this application indispensable to my job. Developer is very responsive.
This has to be the best flight tracking app I've used! I am impressed by the amazing attention to details...
A must have app when traveling outside the US as it let's you track domestic flights in foreign countries.
I user this app everyday, and I'm never disappointed.
Gives clear, accurate info. Suggestion.. widget should show day of week (eg Tue) as well as date.
I use this app strictly while i'm at work, as I am a ground handler for a major airline. Its very handy keeping me informed of the arriving flights i'm working with. It doesn't stay updated to the minute, which would be nice, as sometimes I've watched a plane land and taxi into gate in yyc before the app notifies me that it's even touched down yet... Regardless, I still rely heavily on this app. Worth the price.
Seeing Santa and Rudolph on my flight map this morning made my day.
I am a flight attendant, and can't live without it.
I luv it
Very timely info.
I'm a flight attendant and this app is two tons of fun to play with and very often is useful!
It's saved me from missing a flight home several times.  Love that it gives you the gate number.  Only con, no load information.
I've been using this to track friends and family visits through the holidays, and it works great on both my Revue Google TV and my Epic 4g Android phone. Great job guys!
I've been using this to track friends and family visits through the holidays, and it works great on both my Revue Google TV and my Epic 4g Android phone. Great job guys!
Use it on my bionic today to track my daughter traveling home for the holidays. Everything worked excellent! Than you for a great piece of software.
It's simple to enter a single flight or multiple flights .
At one airport this app was more accurate than the screens at the terminal!
Excellent app. I use it all the time! Best I have!
I knew of the delayed arrival before the airline announced the delay I love this application.
pretty darn accurate.
But doesn't have gate info for Heathrow airport, one of the biggest in the world! But timings and changes are good
Even alerts me to status changes in the flight great!
Great app & I highly recommend it. You've done a fantastic job.
Very slick!
This app is one of the best
Very good tool. Liked it.
Works well on Galaxy S2
The best flight tracking software I've found on any mobile OS.
If you are a frequent traveller, then this is for you. Excellent customer support as well. Highly recommended developer for other apps also.
Never had any issues at all. I fly out of the country many times a year..
Love this app. It is perfect for when you have family or friends flying back and fourth and you are the driver. It shows everything including delays so you dont have to go to the airport early if its delayed or canceled. It allows you to follow the plane real time in flight so you can time it perfect for picking people up on time.best thing is it alerts you or sends you texts or updates right to your phone  keeping you posted. Takeoff ,  landings,and even if there is a  delay .this app is amazing!
Killing it.
I work at the airport. This App is a big help.
While sitting at my gate, FlightTrack has notified me of gate changes our delays before the airlines have it posted or make an announcement.
I used a lot and only 1 time shows me wrong. It shows polish airline was en route and then landed but the plane did not take off from warsaw. Other was good. I like it
Alerted me of a cancelled flight a few minutes before I got to the gate.  Only takes a minute to add flights.
there is some time delay of the information, this is a very useful application.
Nice
works really well.  very simple
I've been using this app for about 8 months and I love it! I fly over 50,000 miles a year and this keeps me updated and at the right gate. The on-time percentage is helpful; so are the route maps. I also use it when I have to meet people at the airport. Worth the price, for sure.
This application is extremely useful, well laid out, and timely. The only question I have is regarding push notifications. It seems like this is pulling data, but I don't know how frequently. It would be great to know if it's pull or push to ensure that it's not going to abuse my battery :-)
Love it, easy to use!
The 4x4 widget just outputs "problem loading widget" on Samsung galaxy nexus, ics 4.0.2
nice, accurate, legible, easy app, thanks
Reviews are right!
Slick UI. It takes few steps to get info, then it will remember the flights and notify you when there are updates.
I like the functionality of the  app, and I can attest to the thoroughness of support. I look forward to seeing a version that can be moved to SD card
10MB is big
Weather is only in US units and not changeable.  It should attempt to detect it automatically (US > Fahrenheit, others > Metric with an option to override...)
Keeps track of flights months in advance. Great data base o Airlines worldwide. Very good customer support fast and accurate answers. It is a keeper.
Great.... but it use a lot.of battery and memory
Highly recommended.
I never fly so its pretty useless to Me, but gee what an app! Amazing, fast, slick interface. Top marks.
If you want to know about flights, you MUST buy this app!
If you want to know about flights, you MUST buy this app!
Seems to work quite well. Makes me wish I flew more often so I could get more use out of it.
Very well done. Almost makes me want to take the plane more often!
Just what i needed ..
Cool
A must have.  Le Pan TC970 -- froyo.
The best place to get flight info. Usually better than the airlines.
I've been using FlightTrack since I owned an iPhone 3G and it's always served me well. I keep a copy on my phone for the occasions when I'm flying or have to pick up a friend from the airport and often FlightTrack updates before the arrivals terminals in my local airport (TPA/Tampa International) which says something about how current their information is. It's also a handy alarm of sorts if you like to listen to music on your phone while waiting for planes because it'll notify you when it's time to take out the headphones and listen for boarding calls. If you're a traveller or just have friends and family that fly in to visit from time to time, this is a great app to have and the ten cent price right now can't be beat.
So important to my international student life!
When an app just works intuitively like this it's a pleasure.
This app is one of the best I have seen. If you travel a lot it doesn't get much better than this. Works great on SGT 10.1 and Galaxy Nexus.
No more need to visit individual websites for flight info anymore.
Very useful app, works perfectly on ics
And only 10¢, airports should have a row tablet of tablets in the waiting areas displaying each flight. Samsung, Asus, are you listening?
Not a super critical app, but VERY cool and well done.  Nice job!
I knew this app was gonna be in the promotion! I just didn't know when, and now that it's here, I can't wait to try it out!   Thanks android market!
I was skeptical whether it'll work for india or.not. But it did. Includes most of the indian airlines AI,SPICEJET etc.
It is the best-coded flight tracking app ever created, believe me, I've tried them all. All I can say is WOW.
Nice ui, looks like it has a lot of useful features but doesn't seem to work with ryanair.
Excellent Customer Service too.
This is my go to app everytime I fly.  Don't leave home without it!
Excellent software for busy travellers, I has worked prefect every time I needed it to....
I am a flight attendant and I commute a lot. I will probably end up using this app more than my own airlines apps. It's impressive!
This Flight plan appl works very well, being able to display your chosen flight from Airlines flight details, departure and arrival times in real time, also on a map shows the flights estimated position. With warnings / alarm of any change of schedule. Used in conjunction with Flight Board, the two work together, so from displaying your nearest (or chosen) Airport's boards, you can check then open the flight in Flight track too. Great for frequent fliers and aircraft fans too. Great on Galaxy Tab 10.1.
I used it on my way to qmd from Phoenix. Never had to check the monitors to see what terminal/gate I was on, and could email flight info others.
As an airline pilot who commutes... this is a must have app! Wonderful!
Does not work on Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.1. Getting Access Request Failed when trying to log into TripIT.  Please fix fast as I fly weekly for work.
This app works great for tracking flights - it has been very reliable
Great application; very reliable info.
From knowing your gate at a US airport to making sure your flight is still on in Uzbekistan, this is the app you need.
Great real time app!
Very good for even the casual traveler
All most accurate all the time. Very little is it off. Sometime updates before airport does. Droid X.
I frequently track my wife's flights since I'll be picking her up and had the opportunity to compare the speed and accuracy of updates from this, and other tracking software. I don't want to name specific competitors, but the four others I tried did not update on a flight delay, whereas FlightTrack nailed it quickly and accurately. I refreshed the Southwest page once my wife text messaged me, it was updated, then did the same on the flight track apps and only this one caught the change. Keeper!
This is the best app ever! I use it often..and its very accurate ..it gives me current updates even before the airline !
Best widget of all the options. Simple.
saves a lot of time connecting thru airports.
Overall, very acceptable performance. Email updates while device turned off would be a good feature.
I get notices of flight delays when there is no delay and factual information updates so far after the event that it is useless. Sorry I bought it.
I get notices of flight delays when there is no delay and factual information updates so far after the event that it is useless. Sorry I bought it.
Wonderful app!!!
Gorgeous UI design on TV.
Gorgeous UI design on TV.
Gorgeous UI design on TV.
Gorgeous UI design on TV.
You do get updates for on time flights way before departure (a day or so), which isn't terribly useful..
Waste of money. (Free apps much better.) Tells me flight is delayed when it is in the air.
Very useful. Love the tablet version.
Very useful. Love the tablet version.
I am seriously in love with this app. As a pilot I never leave home with out this app and well my airplane.
Excellent app for tracking flights worldwide. Besides flight status, also includes delay estimation, weather forecast and more useful info.
Great app, clean and intuitive. Easy to use yet does everything you need it to, its allowed me to delete other apps and consolidate them into ONE
Wish it wouldn't update me on flights after I've landed - perhaps as an option? Otherwise, very effective for getting updates while on the move.
This app is wonderful, I love it, among my favorite of apps. I use it to track all of my family's flights. Accurate and up to date with all info.
15 trip per year keeps my on time and on schedudle... other know if i am delayed VERY easy to use. worth in couple buck for hte upgrade
Works great on my DroidX
Why does it say Purchased? I did not purchase. I don't want it. How can I get rid of it?
Great, app, pretty accurate, I wish the live wallpaper would show mulitipul air ports
Very helpful
Well worth the money
Tracked first flight like a charm but would not update after that. A flight I know left 4 hours before is still showing at origin.
Bought this to track ryanair flights for my holiday, whatever Isearch it does not find any ryanair flights :(
Best app. So far no problems. Up to date flight info for every airline I can think of. Worth the money! Droid X
Best app. So far no problems. Up to date flight info for every airline I can think of. Worth the money! Droid X
By far THE most useful, time saving, stress preventing, quickest and smartest app on the market for travellers....and I've tried them all. DROID X.
Best flt tracker there is. Works flawlessly on my Samsung Epic. It"s like having an electronic OAG.
More accurate and has faster updates than Flight View.... I especially love the fact that it includes Seat Guru! Using it on my HTC Evo Shift.
I've used this app twice to track flights and it has been on the money both times.
Wonderful app. Not only great for the traveler but also for those picking them up at the airport. Saved me a bit of hassle at JFK with a gate change.
I downloaded this app so I could trail all my co-workers' flights. I had to meet some at the airport and had to make sure others made their flights all around the country. It worked perfect in my timing to meet people at specified gates and also keep updated on any flight changes. It was really fun to see where they were on the map and I wish I would have a reason to use it more often! I initially had trouble downloading and emailed customer service and they got back to me right away. They were very helpful
Best flight software of its kind ive ever seen, it alerted me to a 2 hour flight delay 30 minutes before united airlines did
Best flight software of its kind ive ever seen, it alerted me to a 2 hour flight delay 30 minutes before united airlines did
This app is a must if you travel a lot. Very accurate and more up to date than the gate that you are standing in front of at the airport.
Thought I could view all planes flying above. Couldn't without flight no, so refund for now.. Will probably buy if I need it for a specific flight. :)
Thought I could view all planes flying above. Couldn't without flight no, so refund for now.. Will probably buy if I need it for a specific flight. :)
Excellent App works like a charm. The only issue I have is it has a largish memory footprint and can't be moved to SD storage. I had to install the android sdk on my linux pc and use adb to forcibly move the app to the card, which worked like a charm. Deducting 1 star for this one flaw.
Somewhat disappointing that the app uses scheduled flight data versus actual in displaying aircraft location.
I fly for a major US carrier, & its good to know the arrival gate before we actually call "in-range" on the radio, 20 mins from landing. Thanks!
Runs flawlessly on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1. Terrific.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
This is a fantastic app for travelers, and the upgrades to the Honeycomb version make it even more so.
Great app for those who travel. Information more accurate on real time and gate info than airports
Not useful, don't like the fact you have to search for flight, that can be done on kayak!
Very accurate, useful and timely flight information for basically any airline or flight. It informed me of a gate change before the airline did!
Doesn't work very well when offline. It will complain that it cannot connect and then loose data previously had (could have cached for offline use). Slow to update gate information even on domestic flights in major airports such as Chicago.
A great app for travel. The updates work smoothly and consistently. I just wish the pro version was a bit cheaper.
Works great. Gives current flight information and appreciate notifications on flight status change. Please enable saving to SD card.
Excellent application and exactly information. I do recommend it. Is the Best. I did travel recently and used it.
As I flight attendant, I use this app everyday for work and it rocks! I 'd be lost without it. Very accurate and updates flight info immediately.
The in air flight tracking simply doesn't work. I have been on 4 diff flights using a Droid X and most recently a Samsung Charge and it does not work!
I've made 6 trips over 2 wks. This app is FANTASTIC. Best app on my phone. Easy to use and accurate. Tracks real time by about 5 to 10 min.Epic 4G
Fantastic ap will give it 5 *** when I can move to SD card. GordyUK
Very useful if you are traveling or are meeting a flight. Also helps to find flights if planning a trip and to check reliability on some routes
This is truly one of my favorite apps: aesthetically pleasing, highly navigable, interface and accurate information.
This is truly one of my favorite apps: aesthetically pleasing, highly navigable, interface and accurate information.
Very useful & acurate. Saved headaches by notifying in advance of flight delays & cancelled flight. Highly recommend for any air traveller.
Very useful & acurate. Saved headaches by notifying in advance of flight delays & cancelled flight. Highly recommend for any air traveller.
Great app! Quickly updates flight information, eventhough the page may need to be refreshed for best results. Easy to navigate it and looks clean.
Great app! Quickly updates flight information, eventhough the page may need to be refreshed for best results. Easy to navigate it and looks clean.
Very helpful app. I am able to lookup gate information while sitting on the connecting flight. I love watching the plane fly when wait for someone
This app is AMAZING. Works so well and data is received insanely quickly. I've never had an accuracy problem. HIGHLY recommend.
This app is AMAZING. Works so well and data is received insanely quickly. I've never had an accuracy problem. HIGHLY recommend.
This app is AMAZING. Works so well and data is received insanely quickly. I've never had an accuracy problem. HIGHLY recommend.
app does not include Virgin Australia (VA) flights. VA is now a major Australian /International airline. PITY!!! Please fix.
app does not include Virgin Australia (VA) flights. VA is now a major Australian /International airline. PITY!!! Please fix.
Comes in very handy tracking flight times and adjustments. I had an issue with the app and their support responded within a half hour to resolve the problem.
Comes in very handy tracking flight times and adjustments. I had an issue with the app and their support responded within a half hour to resolve the problem.
Comes in very handy tracking flight times and adjustments. I had an issue with the app and their support responded within a half hour to resolve the problem.
Excellent app. I'm an airline pilot and I use this app daily. Only way to improve this app would be to allow us to sync flight info to our calendar.
Make it able to be moved to SD card and figure out how to sync with calendar
I use the proram several times a week and it updates times/gate information faster then the airlines do.
Should be able to leave flight no. empty and just do a search to see what flights are available on the selected airline!
Helps me pick up my clients at the airport. So far so good.
Just ok. Checked my flight while sitting on taxiway and it showed us halfway to destination. Also a huge lag in landing notification.
Recently used this on a trip - it was awesome. As we were taxing to the gate it notified me that the plane had landed. Very useful app!
I track my soldier to Korea. It let's me know when she will come and go. It is well worth it to watch the plane on the map as she travels.
I love this app. It's not always perfect on last minute changes but close enough.
I love this app. It's not always perfect on last minute changes but close enough.
Really nice interface and tells me about flight delays before the airport declares them. Just wish it would have boarding status when I'm late.
Works well in normal circumstances and satisfied, untill I realised this app cannot detect big flight changes during earthquake crisis in Japan.
This is so much better than FlightView IMHO.
This is so much better than FlightView IMHO.
Great app! Saves me a lot of hassle rerouting and finding alternatives at the first hint of delays or cancellations. Only wish it had airport maps.
Decent app. Was really disappointed that the flights on the map were not accurate at all. It kind of makes a zooming map useless.
Decent app. Was really disappointed that the flights on the map were not accurate at all. It kind of makes a zooming map useless.
Decent app. Was really disappointed that the flights on the map were not accurate at all. It kind of makes a zooming map useless.
This app knew about my flight delays before they were posted on the airport monitor. Love how I can check connecting flight gate / time when I land
This app knew about my flight delays before they were posted on the airport monitor. Love how I can check connecting flight gate / time when I land
There is no live updates unless u r connected to WiFi, i wish WiFi to be available on board! Gps location is a bullshit.
Perfect APP for anyone who works in the industry. I load my whole trip before I leave for the airport each week and it works like a champ! Love it.
Very good app. I work at an airport and I use this app to track all my inbound flights at once.
Very nice app. Used free ones b4, but this 1 stands out. Even when not tracking I leave out as my wallpaper. gorgeous!
Don't buy this, there's a huge delay in you receiving information, airline websites are much better and FREE!
I'd like to be able to choose where to center the lwp. Other than that, everything else works great.
It's a great app but it never gets the gate for my flights. Even the free Apps do that.
Well worth the $. Helped me be aware of flight delays before the gate agents. I was able to request different routing to avoid a missed connection.
So far I have used to track about 10 friends arriving and works great. Great to arrive at airport at right time to pick up people
What happened? Idid the update and the paid version was replaced by the free version , bad app, i'll complain !!!
Good useful app, really helpful. Update should include options to add flights to phone calendar.
The best app out there we travel to asia and domestic for business and personal approx. 6 months out of the year. Should be app of the year
app did not download. tried to get the refund (within time) but told redund not available
Good app loving it but sime time is lag on the update but is the.best app
Adds flights nice n easily, but doesn't update properly. Was sat on the plane,ready to fly, and the app didn't even show the gate.
Версия 4 - просто супер. Даже места в самолете можно смотреть. Move to SD, and I'll give 5 star!
Great program, I have used it all over the country and found that it is extremely accurate. Airport maps would be way awesome to ad for sure!
Im a delta flight attendant and I gotta say this app is very accurate. Worth the money. It does need airport maps though.
Im a delta flight attendant and I gotta say this app is very accurate. Worth the money. It does need airport maps though.
Im a delta flight attendant and I gotta say this app is very accurate. Worth the money. It does need airport maps though.
Im a delta flight attendant and I gotta say this app is very accurate. Worth the money. It does need airport maps though.
If you think this will give you info about flights in an area live, it will not. You have to tell it which flight to track.
If you think this will give you info about flights in an area live, it will not. You have to tell it which flight to track.
If you think this will give you info about flights in an area live, it will not. You have to tell it which flight to track.
If you think this will give you info about flights in an area live, it will not. You have to tell it which flight to track.
Best there is. Great features like recent airports and favorite airlines. Customizable settings. Impressive tech support response.
Best there is. Great features like recent airports and favorite airlines. Customizable settings. Impressive tech support response.
I bought this and even after 10 minutes it kept getting stuck on" authorizing purchase". I had to cancel eventually and get a refund.
Great app! I'm using this for 8 flights the next two weeks. It updated flight delays and by how much. The UI is easy to read w/ perfect caption sizing
It's a decent app, but the gate changes tend to lag behind for American at times.
App was 100% accurate! Every flight I had either got delayed or canceled. This was an extremely useful tool. Gate and delay time right everytime! Buy
Sharp UI, nice to use. Be nice to be able to move to SD storage though.
Reasonably accurate and extremely useful! Integration with Google Calendar would be nice.
First Take...Very Nice App...Solid GUI. Had used Flightview, I like Flight Track more...we will see how quickly it updates on HTC Incredible
Must have for any flyer. Even if you only use it for one flight its well worth it.
Excellent - best flight tracker tool (app or website) I've seen. V well designed UI. All the historic, live and projected data, simply presented.
Excellent - best flight tracker tool (app or website) I've seen. V well designed UI. All the historic, live and projected data, simply presented.
Used for international and domestic (continental US) flights, and so far works beautifully. Love it!
Used for international and domestic (continental US) flights, and so far works beautifully. Love it!
Love this program! I travel a lot and it is very handy to have the departure and arrival gates listed and updated. Nice format. Very easy to use
I travel every two weeks this app gives me warning of any change to my flights it is a live saver when u are in a rush
I use this on my iphone and droid and its awesome! My gf is a FA and she uses it too on her 2 droids
It's awesome! Packed with tons of flight info, constant flight updates, very easy to use!
It's awesome! Packed with tons of flight info, constant flight updates, very easy to use!
It's awesome! Packed with tons of flight info, constant flight updates, very easy to use!
You just spent $500 for a ticket, will spend $20 for your bag. Spend the $5 for accurate info about your flight.
I have used this application for the last three years, first on my iPhone and now on my Droid. I wouldn't dare travel without it. It ROCKS!!!!!!!!
Is great for tracking your flight but does not give me gate of baggage claim carousel information. Still is useful and easy for me to use though.
Paid version has delayed info. Shows the plane in air when it is delayed 2 hours
Paid version has delayed info. Shows the plane in air when it is delayed 2 hours
Paid version has delayed info. Shows the plane in air when it is delayed 2 hours
Doesn't update info w/ changes enough to be reliable. Almost made me late a few times because gate info was wrong and the plane was already boarding.
TOP- NOTCH app..BEST in class..i drive limo's for a living & this app is INDISPENSABLE
TOP- NOTCH app..BEST in class..i drive limo's for a living & this app is INDISPENSABLE
TOP- NOTCH app..BEST in class..i drive limo's for a living & this app is INDISPENSABLE
I have used this to track my husband's international flights! I was able to tell him the gate had changed before he could even check it on screen!
Fantastic app! Got full version after using the free version. Status updates are quick. Helped me get to the front of the line plenty of times.
Contacted developer re technical conflict w/ATT Captivate. Got immediate response & fix w/in days.
Would like to be able to save a default Airline, and select multiple flights but not save all. DX
Would like to be able to save a default Airline, and select multiple flights but not save all. DX
I am a personal driver for someone who flies multiple times each week.this app. Is a time saver and godsend. Thank you.
Drive cab for living. I use this app daily for airport pickups. Much better than worldmate.
This is the best app I've purchased so far. I had a small problem buying and downloading it and the company was most helpful in solving it. Love it
Solid app - at $5 just buy it! Blows the free apps out the water...
Solid app - at $5 just buy it! Blows the free apps out the water...
Solid app - at $5 just buy it! Blows the free apps out the water...
If you travel or deal with flights this app is a must have. Works awesome with TripIt which is a must have app. Worth every penny.
If you travel or deal with flights this app is a must have. Works awesome with TripIt which is a must have app. Worth every penny.
If you travel or deal with flights this app is a must have. Works awesome with TripIt which is a must have app. Worth every penny.
Used it on my iPhone and it was the first app I bought from the Market in my Incredible. My lifeline when commuting. Great app!
I travel three weeks out of the month, and this is my life line. A road warriors best friend.
I travel three weeks out of the month, and this is my life line. A road warriors best friend.
I travel weekly and as we all know connections are tight. This is a must and offers quick flight updates.
Tracking of international flights could be improved, data is often imprecise. This is especially true for economy airlines.
Great app for frequent travelers. Wish list: more widget sizes to display multiple flights; incorporate C2D for better battery life with notifications
I worry a lot when my loved ones fly. This completely put me at ease! Thank You for the international flights as well!
I worry a lot when my loved ones fly. This completely put me at ease! Thank You for the international flights as well!
I worry a lot when my loved ones fly. This completely put me at ease! Thank You for the international flights as well!
I paid for the full version. Well worth the money if you travel a lot.
I paid for the full version. Well worth the money if you travel a lot.
I'm a flight attendant, and so far this app has been extremely helpful. Droid HTC incredible
Flights are often updated on this app before they show on the boards in the airport. This is a must for frequent flyers.
Flights are often updated on this app before they show on the boards in the airport. This is a must for frequent flyers.
Flights are often updated on this app before they show on the boards in the airport. This is a must for frequent flyers.
Flights are often updated on this app before they show on the boards in the airport. This is a must for frequent flyers.
Flights are often updated on this app before they show on the boards in the airport. This is a must for frequent flyers.
Ability to sync with tripit is really great. Flight data is not accurate sometimes, but that probably is to do with the airline's update schedule.
Awesome. I have noticed it sometimes even updates a delay or cancellation before the airport monitors!
Great app but I often find the widget doesn't update at all. Sometimes it does so hours after landing. Otherwise a fantastic app!
I am a limo driver and pick up from airports constantly. This application has saved me a lot of money in parking fees alone. Well worth the $4.99.
Outstanding. Works perfect on my rooted "android" G1. Lol. Why wouldnt it work for android if its in the "android" market? Hahaha. Silly people.
There is no support for some airlines. It's not worth the money. Don't buy it.
There is no support for some airlines. It's not worth the money. Don't buy it.
There is no support for some airlines. It's not worth the money. Don't buy it.
Excellent. It notified me of a gate change! Without it, I would have missed my flight. Top notch!
Excellent. It notified me of a gate change! Without it, I would have missed my flight. Top notch!
Excellent. It notified me of a gate change! Without it, I would have missed my flight. Top notch!
Excellent. It notified me of a gate change! Without it, I would have missed my flight. Top notch!
Not very accurate when there are delays. Still shows my flight departing at 830. It is 10:00
