Says added ICS support but doesn't work with Samsung Galaxy S3. Please fix
please please please
I got this near christmas time and it was only 2d so I didn't play it but the I decided to play it today and it said it wasn't compatable with my device and to ask for a refund.  Please fix
Great game. But, it needs more. I finished the whole game really quick. And more recently, every time I try to open it it crashes after license check
worst game ever it says it will work on my devise but it doesn't I WANT REFUND
I can't refund...
This game was a decent game on my previous SGS2 but is STILL Incompatible on my Galaxy note despite being basically then SAME phone. The only difference is the screen resolution and despite assurances from gameloft months ago it still doesnt work. COME ON GAMELOFT!!! Loads of new phones out now with hd screens and thats a LOT OF UNHAPPY GAMERS til you get it sorted. JUST ONE STAR FOR THIS AND EVERY OTHER GAME THAT NOW DOESNT WORK ANYMORE!!!
Don't even open! Flyer Honeycomb 3.2. It fails after license check and back to home screen.
It says that ur device is not compatible and request for a refund!!??
refuses to download....will change the rating as soon as I can actually play the game.
Every time i download it it just pulls up a black screen. Then it backs out to my all apps menu
Over 700 mb! Really? Taken so long to down load only to have a file error and now to top it off won't restart download. Game developers, more work required! Very disappointed. Will be seeking refund.
always said incorrect license and ask me to buy ... but I bought its
Hello,  I had this game bought and had it on my HTC Desire HD. Now I changed mobile to HTC One X and this game is incompatible with new mobile. can you tell me why ?
yet another game that i have purchased and installed to my phone and played with no problems at all, then, months later i have to perform a factory reset of my phone... go back to app store to download but the app is no longer compatible with my device    why?????????? there was nothing wrong with it    im sick of apps ive paid for having permissions changed so that my device is no longer supported, or apps ive paid for disappearing from the market so they can no longer be downloaded
I was really exited and I let me down .it installed fine then when I clicked on it it went black then went back to the home screen. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. T-Mobile rapport
Its been five months since I bought the game and it still doesn't support the galaxy note, though it supports the s2. Customer service is unhelpful and unobliging. Game is beautiful but worst service I've ever encountered from an app company.
After 100 times I start this game..i get message licence check failed..
Disappointed as the latest update means that it is no longer compatible with my phone.  What is more, I cannot install it on my Acer Iconia A100 even though as a Tegra 2 tablet it is more than capable of running it.  Why do Gameloft support so few devices (had similar problems with Asphalt 6 too) when other smaller developers can enable their apps for a wide range? poor.
Most upgrade  to ice cream sandwich
I was able to purchase this for my DROID Charge, but it was so laggy  it was unplayable.  Now I have a Rezound, a phone with an incredible HD display, dual core ARM7 at 1.5gHz  and lots of RAM, but I can't install it!  Not compatible?  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!  Bleah.
Seriously bummed out (again). I bought this app for one reason - I was getting a Transformer Prime tablet, and wanted this game (along with a few other Gameloft games) for the tablet. So I bought them during Gameloft's sale. A few weeks later, my preordered Asus Transformer Prime comes in. Well this game, along with all the other high-requirement games Gameloft had on sale are NOT COMPATIBLE with my tablet. This seriously sucks.   Reading more too, I see Gameloft has a less than stellar record updating their games or making sure their games support most popular Android platforms. I'd really like my money back on all the Gameloft games I bought.
What's wrong with Gameloft? Initially I can play it on my HTC Sensation, after update it say It's not compatible with my device and to ask for refund? Failed, 1star until fixed. HTC Sensation
Gameloft software has been nothing but trouble, and definitely not worth the money paid (even at 99c). The games are so full of bugs and generally won't start, so in spite of hundreds of megs I've used to download this game, I'm getting rid of it. Screw you, Gameloft!
I have a HTC flyer and the game doesn't get past the "checking license" screen, it just closes down.  Should have zero stars
I have a HTC flyer and the game doesn't get past the "checking license" screen, it just closes down.  Should have zero stars
Does not work on my HTC EVO SHIFT 4G. Either I get a blank screen or kicked out all together. Good thing I only paid a dollar for it!!!
I cant install this. Its asking for free place on card but i surely have enough. Dunno what to do..
HTC EVO view tablet updated to android 3.2 and game is crashing when game is "checking license"
Fail. On HTC Flyer. Downloads about 1gb of data then fails to start. Can't refund due to time taken to download. Tried again after update, still fails to start
I bought the game and straight away it says to ask for a refund so I don't know what to do coz I done know how to ask for a refund so i want a refund now
Simply will not play on my  HTC flyer!
After the update it works on nexus s! Thanks gameloft
Cuts off wifi on phone during download Freezes and cuts off wifi during additional content download on Xperia Neo also doesn't appear on market or in My Apps on my Asus Transformer
Very annoyed! I downloaded the update of almost 1 gig yesterday through my carrier. I played the game last night. Now today I wanted to play again and it said it needs a download (again?) And that it can only be downloaded via wifi. I use my tablet as my wifi router! So what now?
I brought this game but when I tried to download it to play it it claims that my samsung glaxy s can not play it gey a refund but its too late does anyone know how to get this game to work.
You suck support the rezound
Don't bother trying to download unless your memory card has 2GB available.	Mine doesn't, I can't afford a new one, and the dev.'s reply instructed me to delete its file using a USB cable and computer, then try downloading it again...and I don't own the latter. HUGE disappointment; I LOVED the comic strip as a child and was REALLY looking forward to playing. : (
Hugo In belly of the beast after I got the key the sliding action doesn't work
Crashes on the second level
Keeps telling me additional content needs to downloaded .I download it complete then the game doesn't load and the whole process starts again .....
On my HTC Flyer I have a minimum of 3gb free on my smallest drive yet the downloader is still telling me I need to make space. Tried a reboot, didn't help. Won't install.
Keeps asking for licence... Stupid cheap mdrfckrs..
Does not work on the arc s and too late to refund
I've downloaded this, but and deleted the right amount of space and it still doesn't work. Gameloft you really need to stop downloading masses of content following installation. Its ridiculous. And your lucky I cba getting a refund. Don't download!
what happened??? i thought i was buying the 3D version of TinTin..  but i was surprised it was on 2D with my Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus!!   what a rip off.  uninstalled and refunded..
Good game if u got the hd version
Shows loading screen force closes. Waste of time and money. Samsung galaxy s2
Downloaded on motorola Droid xyboard 10.1 graphics are not hd like in the pictures.  false advertising!  Thanks gameloft (sarcastic)
Looked really cool. So I got it, opened the app, let it download it's 1gb of memory, then it goes to blank screen then 5 minutes later just crashes and returns me to my home screen. I want the game to work or a refund! I am really disappointed that it even says it is compatible with my device; the HTC Flyer.
Completed downloading the whole package. And now it won't run. :'( You better roll out a fix than now removing compatibility from devices.
only work once and now just displays a black screen. wasnt that fun even when it did work.. coin collecting.. woo hoo.
Users of Moto RAZR, do not download this game since you'll be able to play only 2D version. I supposed, Gameloft should publish the list of gadgets that able to play 3D version.  Otherwise this is not fair play. I am trying not to stole apps, but this experience made my mind changed. "Thank you", Gameloft.  Rgds.
Only a blank black screen for minutes. What a waste of money. I don't have time to sit & stare at blank screen. Please update & fix.
It's indeed very 2d and extremely poor Pixelated graphics on my nook tablet. Worse quality than a Nintendo NES. Also didn't get to download additional data...?
There is a part where you have to play snowy and cross the deck of a ship avoiding the lights but the game gets stuck there because by no means you can cross that part.
This game appears advertised as hd 3d but on gs2 lte it looks like a 2d piece of junk. Time to get a refund.
After downloading the 850MB of data, it crashes immediately. Every time. Stock Nexus S Android 4.0.3
You put pictures of the 3d version and we get a crazy SNES game... BOOOO. HOW DO YOU GET AWAY WITH THIS.. Don't buy this rubbish
Not detecting device properly on transformer prime so terriblelow res gfx making it unplayable
Nexus S Game is not working. Game data downloads but game can not start. After approx. 30 seconds with a black screen game just quits. Asked for a refund even though it was only 6 DKr. Refund not given even though it was requested timely. Totally unacceptable!
Please tell me, is i done anything wrong?  Game version 1.1.1 and have 2D display it look like Java game version.
I want a refund! It wont even install on my phone!! :(
Freezes my sgs, requiring me to restart phone. Also, extra 800mb of game data is not moveable to external sd-card. Bit of a joke really.
Not 3D, not HD and won't start witout WIFI.  Scam. Flat platformer that looks nothing like the screens or movie. Hungs up when Tintin slides down a rope.
Not working on Xperia Arc S. IT f/c's after intro. You have 15 minutes to try before you can refund the payment, but this time is not enough to dowload required data, I used wifi. So this is last time I bought something from Gameloft. Sukcs
Downloaded almost 1GB just to find out that the game won't start, even when it says that it is compatible with my HTC Flyer 3G 32GB, Honeycomb unrooted. Can't even get a refund now...
Poor, does some sort of device detection if it is supported for 3D or not. This detection fails and switch Game to 2D. Google and Developers please fix your platform otherwise users switching back to Apple. Never had those strange problems on iPhone
Won't even open on Mytouch 3g
Can not download additional content it may be cheap but it don't work!!!
WTF? I thought this was 3D! The video showcasing the game sure looks 3D, the pictures look 3D & then after buying 3 games my fifteen minutes are up & font even have a chance to refund this false advertised app/game.	I didn't read anywhere where out said this game oas pure 3D but I guess I saw slot of cgi in there video showing the game off giving the illusion it was 3D. POOR! EA IS GETTING LOW!
Cannot play HD version on Transformer Prime!! Big Fail
You Suck!!!! After spending 99 cents and 2 days on 3g trying to download this game..it doesn't even work on the HTC EVO VIEW tablet...crashes after trying to check for license... Gameloft=SUCK
You Suck!!!! After spending 99 cents and 2 days on 3g trying to download this game..it doesn't even work on the HTC EVO VIEW tablet...crashes after trying to check for license... Gameloft=SUCK
Game hangs and shuts down when you select first chapter and click ok to activate motion controls
This is weird. I bought the game on the galaxy nexus and when the game is checking files, it reboots as very awful 80s game... is this a bad joke? In Galaxy S2 the game is awesome in full 3D... why?
on my droid 2, waste of space for black screen game
After 3 days of trying to download after constant errors I am still only 50% done downloading  and after hearing reviews the game is in 2d and not 3d?
Installed tintin HD on my motorola xoom. The game NEVER give me high definition gaming.   What I experience is POOR 8-BIT OLD STYLE GRAPHICS! The game story line is different from captured   screen in market place. It is just a crappy old style action game.   DO NOT BUY TinTin HD although it is $1!
Where is the 3d version
It doesnt work on Nexus S, Google Android 4.0.3. It just says that the game stops unexpected. No report or number of error. It just cant start or load.
I paid for the 3D version and all I've got is a 2D platform game. Shame on you Gameloft.
For me too, running nexus s 4.0.3 stock, unrooted.
It says it's compatible but i can't even start the game.. Gameloft should be banned from the android market. SGS 2.3.4
Wonderful graphics, awesome game story
Low resolution on Tegra 2 device
Installed this on my tablet. It doesn't download any additional files and loads a low res 2D version of the game that looks like a 320x240 game stretched out across my screen. Please fix!
Not working on HTC flyer running honeycomb this is not good at all please fix update
I downloaded all 973MB OF THIS and clicked it... Box.popped up saying it was checking license..... Than it closed on me..... Kept trying and same result.... Not worth 99cents considering it doesn't even let me play it when I've paid for it... Wth??
Wow gameloft I've seen better graphics on the Atari. Why is it that every game you've put on sale either doesn't work or looks like trash?? Galaxy nexus btw your customer services suck hard!!!
Wow gameloft I've seen better graphics on the Atari. Why is it that every game you've put on sale either doesn't work or looks like trash?? Galaxy nexus btw your customer services suck hard!!!
Very suck game graphic 2d in paid version ,but very well graphic 3d in crack version. I guess you don't pay for this game and search cracked game by google.
970MB of download later and the game refuses to open on an HTC Flyer running Honeycomb.
Work perfectly on galaxy s2 amazing job
It downloaded a hefty 870+ MB of data and after that when I started nothing.. Crashed. I restarted phone and tried again and again... And consistently it crashed. 0.69p down the drain.
Low Res 2d. Bares no resemblance to the screenshots or video. Refunding.
Bad resolution Disappointed (hp touchpad)
Not HD version on galaxy nexus! Refund!
Game downloaded is not the game that is advertised. Low resolution 2D graphics. HTC Rezound.
Not running on the nexus s. Ics. Please fix it
Doesn't even play on nexus S
Won't even open on my Nexus S running the official OTA 4.0.3 ICS update... launches then FC's every time
Doesn't work at all on my HTC Flyer running the Honeycomb update (just exits to the home screen). Also doesn't work on my Nexus S with the ICS update. Just crashes. Multiple install attempts to no avail. Both devices running stock firmware.
Graphics look like VGA games from 1990.  Pretty sure technology has changed since.  Please go back to school.
Game is a lie. 2d 8bit dos style game showing on nexus galaxy.
2d version scrolled gamE in my tablet. Really dissapointed. Feel cheated
Why ????.
It downloaded an 8 bit version on my s2 and I can't figure out how to make it download the HD version. I have a hd phone,  why can't I access the hd game?
You might think you are buying the 3D-game in the screenshots, but if your device is not supported by some imaginary list, the game forces you a 2D-Java-lookalike game even if you got the beef for it on your device. No option to change it.  This is bait and switch. This should not be legal.
There are two versions of this game. Awesome 3d version and sucky 2d version. I got the suck version on my galaxy nexus.
Graphics is horrible, not even worth 99 cent
Terrible graphics on galaxy nexus
Bought it, downloaded it via 3G and went home to download the other 800+ MB via Wifi.. Installed it and it doesnt start.. By the time the 800+ MB download finished, the 15 min timeline had passed and I couldnt even ask for a refund! Any workarounds to make the game working ? Rebooted my phone and still it didn't start..
Please update and add the Galaxy Nexus (vzw) to receive HD version. As of now only received 8-bit.
This is not HD in any way on GN. This is like 8bit game play or something. I'll wait for modification.
The description says it will run on my tab (a100, with a dual core tegra and 1 gb ram), but i got the 2d version. fix or consider yourself boycotted
No longer works with my HTC flyer after official honeycomb update, says invalid license
It does not work on my lenvo a1 tablet.  It's 2d not 3d.
WTF!!!??, I PAID FOR A 3D GAME, NOT A 2D GAME!!!. PLEASE FIX.
Everyone is right. Graphics are terrible! I seen games in the '80s that looked better. Refund - Vizio tablet
Show off high quality 3D game, provide low quality 2D game. Way to not support Galaxy Nexus, REFUND.
Why now 2d on my se arc? Was great, now crap
Why has it gone 2D since update.  I want a refund :(
Was good until update it wiped all my game data! I paid 4.99. Neva again gameloft!!
Xperia Arc - will not load the 800 + meg via Wifi !
Gameloft are thieves, said compatible with GNX but I got diff game & no refund. Will boycott all your products from now on. Idiot's
Game is not HD in fact very low D and looks nothing like advertised! Complete waste of money.
CHEATED game took hours to download and now does not open up on my atrix cannot see game let alone play just thrown 4.95 down the toilet money back
CHEATED game took hours to download and now does not open up on my atrix cannot see game let alone play just thrown 4.95 down the toilet money back
First time I downloaded it works properly with 3D graphics on my Nexus S. But after I've update. It become 2D games. Please return my money!!!!
I bought the game on my Samsung Galaxy S II. It worked perfectly with 3D graphics and everything. I then purchased a Samsung Galaxy Note and downloaded the game on that. It showed up with 2D sprites instead of the 3D version. I uninstalled the game to try and redownload it but now Market wont let me download it because it says that the game is incompatible with my device. I want the game or my money back. Shame on you Google and Gameloft.
This was 3d until the latest update. Game has now switched to a poor 2d game. This is not what I  paid my money for! Very disappointed.
This was 3d until the latest update. Game has now switched to a poor 2d game. This is not what I  paid my money for! Very disappointed.
Was 3D on my HTC Desire but today its gone 2D. Why?
Application exits after gameloft splash, no force close just black screen then exits
How about a little warning before I spend £4.99 on a 2D game?!?!?!?
I can't even play it on my galaxy s2....it's a waste of money
On Nexus S it was great game. On my new Razr just 2D version with horrible graphic. Why it is not Razr suported?
Through all 9 levels you do the same thing (running and jumping). It's the same as the Mario Game but with a poorer graphic & uninteresting. Don't buy
Downloaded all SD data 757 MB worth and does not start! Fails after licence check, black screen and goes back to phone. Want refund.
it wont let me clim on de second window on first level dunno how to do it
Freezes on my galaxy S + occupies 1.6gb of my sdcard. Can I get my money back?
Nice
This is the worst thing I have ever put on my phone and I paid for it. Whoever tested this joke should be ashamed.
Tried it a few times.  Keeps crashing or just restarting or freezing my Xoom.  Pls fix ASAP.  Also game does not support my Asus tab.  V poor.
Doesn't support the Galaxy Note as an HD device. Fair enough, it's not on the list, but the "basic" 2D scroller is so poor, I'd rather not have it at all. Would've been far better not to allow installation on "unsupported" devices than proffer up that steaming pile of dingo's kidneys!
Only works on 2D on the Galaxy Note which looks absolutely terrible. Please fix it so the Note plays the 3D version of the game. Also please stop your terrible compatibility checking, if I've bought a game let me try and see if it works on my new device -- you are far too slow to add new devices to your games.
I paid 5pound for this game to find there was only 9 levels disappointed isn't the word
There are some unusual graphical glitches on my HTC desire version, the frame rate is low and it requires multi touch for some of the inputs. This should not be available for my phone! Shame as it seems like a good game.
I bought the game, and for a while it worked until today - saying that my license was now invalid.  I've patiently downloaded it every time the game asked, even though this was incredibly frustrating.   I own a HTC Desire S.   Otherwise, gameplay is great fun, simple and straightforward - though for some reason not the same story as the actual film, but the original book by Hergé. Not complaining about using the original source, but confusing for some who are not familiar with the books.  Two stars, because the bad outweighed what was otherwise a really fun game that I've completed a few times over. Now I can't play it anymore, and it feels like a waste.
Game just follows one line, completed the game in like three hours. Just not for adults maybe ten year olds.
It never use to be like this.. Now it takes ages to load up, then it lags extremely hard. Fix please.
HTC sensation xe the game freezes and will not let me open the door in the second level restart the level and works fine up until the same part please fix this!!!
I bought it but when it was checking my license, it was invalid. What happend?
Keeps stoppings while download, have to keep closing and re opening for download to continue...  its so slow!
Doesn't stay on htc flyer on honeycomb unless i remove the bottom bar. Crashes throughout the second level and wont let Me pass it. Fix these bugs gameloft. Great game otherwise
Nice graphic, but I don't like puzzle game. And, it's wasting lots space of memory.
I have a DROID X and runs terribly and always force closes in the middle of a level, takes too long to even load!
My wife and I both installed this game. I Have a Droid X2, she has a Samsung Stratosphere. We had been playing it and got past level one. We were having fun. We both really liked the game but then we did the update. Now it asks us to download the additional files again thru wifi but when we try to, it says "a problem occured" before it even starts to download. What the crap, Gameloft? This is the second game now, that won't let me download the files I need to play. The other one is Modern Combat 3.
Freezes on my HTC sensation xe can't open door. Please fix apart from that great game.
Great game but waiting 5 minutes to get bast all of the start up screens is aweful. Even skipping them doesn't make the wait worth playing.  Needs optimized.
It took me three tries to download only to find out this game was made for little kids or morons. Then the game makers toss in a mini puzzle that is literally impossible and there is no way to advance. Dumb hog of a game.
After payin for the game it wont download not happy
Force closes after selecting New Game. Totally disappointing!
When I buy this, it is said this game is compatible with my device, and now it said it is not compatible with my device????
Was surprised at how poor the graphics are on this game. Just bought it so haven't played much yet but wow, those are some lousy graphics, looks pretty lousy on my tablet (toshiba thrive)
I'm using HTC Sensation and recently bought this game! I'm just in the midst of playing Stage 2 and my game kept frozen at the same game point! Can't move on from there! I really would like to play this, but I can't! :(
The game is not 3D in my Galaxy nexus..its 2D and look  like very poor old games with bad graphics... Please support the Galaxy Nexus...
I'm kind of dissapointed. I don't have a smartphone, I have an android powered tablet. And I'm really surprised that the graphics on this game are so horrid. I hope they fix this - I really wanted to play this game.
Takes up too much memory and runs far too slowly! Took hours to download the extra content to play the game in the first place too! Not good.
I played through the half of the game when suddenly all my save games got lost/corrupted. I was forced to start from the beginning. Also the are very long loadings compared to iPhone. The graphics are as well lower than iPhone 4 although my Galaxy S has similar hardware. You guys should optimize it better.
2D ! 2D! 2D! 2D!
Truly one of the most unimaginative use of such good graphics work, no explorative  gameplay, tacky interactions and no need for much attention.
Game screen turns black with controls overlayed the first time you get to play as snowy. Unplayable. Motorola Xoom wifi with stock 3.2.
Updated tablet to honeycomb. Now I get invalid license. Please make a apk fix for this or something . Thanks
Samsung Google nexus keeps crashing. Will you fix this. Can't play it. Refund?
Its a good game but when i got to the second chapter it wont let me open the door after snowy gave tintin the key for it! Any ideas?
Too easy and obvious.  Not realy worth the money. Poor end to the game, clearly trying to make you buy more later.
Too easy and obvious.  Not realy worth the money. Poor end to the game, clearly trying to make you buy more later.
Don't waste money on this. I finished all levels in 3 days. I was not playing all day.
Hi guys, as im downloading the game on HTC Desire it says memory in not enough. But my availabe internal memory is around 40mb. can any one help me out with this problem????? any reply will be appreciated thanx
Average game. Voices are awful
This game looks great and plays great on my LG p930. Obviously kids will play it. Hearing the game spew "what the hell!" Over and over at the doctors waiting room was not appreciated nor was damned this or bleeding that..
Would get 5 stars but I'm stuck on level 2..no response from the game when I try to open the door
Ok, it is a great looking game, with solid storyline and graphic.. But Wifi only downloading and big data make it loses 1 star, another star it loses is because of the ending, which is abrupt and incomplete. Have potential, but developer decided not to fully utilise it. Half disappointed.
sometimes the screen goes blank for no reason. SGS2
First Android Market let me purchase and install the app however when I tried to re-install it a few days later (after unsuccessfully trying to download 1.4 GB (WTF?!?) of in-game data ) I was told that the app is incompatible with my Samsung Galaxy S GT-I9000. And this is not the only Gameloft game with screwed compatibility check. Dear Gameloft, get a grip.  PS: After inquiring with Gameloft support I received a link to the crappy 2D scroller version of the game for my Samsung GT-I9000. This is beyond ridiculous.
Will not save my last check point which I was in the desert. Now I have had to start over 3xs and it still does it. I love this game so far so could you fix this so i can continue to enjoy it past a few levels
For whom facing problem in the door in the 2nd level .. Just move you finger many times and it will open ;-)
I'm getting what looks like a 2D gameboy of this. This this some sort of bad joke?!
Good game as far as I've played, but as others have said, got issue on second level, being unable to open a door, quite disappointing, patch please!!!
Why can't I download the game files on 3g? Don't have wifi available. Boo
The graphics are decent for a mobile game, however the gameplay is far too short. It just started getting interesting and then, bam. End of. The most annoying thing is a awful fake British accents, though!
I Like what I was able to play, but I can't play anymore because the door won't open after I get the key on the second stage. SGS2 AT&T. Game also crashes and I'm forced to start over. Game could be great for those who can play through...
Old Review: Gives me a java like version on Galaxy SII, no HD data downloaded. This game should be free. Get your act together gameloft.  New One: Thanks a lot Gameloft for fixing this via update. Now its downloading files for my SII. Good job. Increased rating to 3 stars. Once the data is downloaded I will play the game and update rating accordingly.
Got Me the right version after the update ,game starts OK but now crashes after I click new game! Android 4.0.3
Just got the game and a minute or two the game startedcto freeze. This happened three times already in around a 5 min period(need to restart phone for every freeze). Also has an annoying habit of kee ping the direction of the dpad(just need to restart the game)
Game takes a long time to load and you can't skip the opening cinematic, you have to sit through it every time you start the game. Game runs smooth and controls are responsive. Graphics look great aswell.  HTC Amaze 4 G
The graphics are low res on tablets
Jumps and stutters like crazy on the Xperia neo... Fix and the game would be so much better.
on HTC Desire
Installs and plays great on my G2X. Downloads to my Toshiba Thrive tablet until extra download, passes this over and plays a side scrolling cheaper version of game. Why? Please fix
It keeps cutting me off. I am trying over and over again and the screen freezes. Please sort this out and then after playing the game I will give you a 5 star.
Nice game but bet the whole game in like 2 hours needs more levels
One thing though I'm stuck on the part where snowy has to sneak and get the keys so Tintin can get out the storage hold the problem is that yellow line shows up on the door going from top to bottom as a swipe action but when I swipe it doesn't do anything its been like this for days I'm stuck in this room even though I have the keys to get out can someone help me here
The game is fun, and the graphics are great on my Nexus S. On the downside, it has performance issues, it runs very slowly, and my phone heats up like crazy, sooo hot that it reboots! Hopefully, these issues will get fixed, 'cause I can't wait to play the rest of the game.
900MB download for the game data. SGS2
Update: After reinstalling the game after updating my HTC Flyer to Honeycomb, it now says invalid license. Sad!	Great fun! I have to admit that I am having a blast with this game. The narrative is classic Tintin and the gameplay is fitting for a mobile device.
Bad gyroscoping and after half hour of difficult controls force closed!!!!
Looked like great game, unfort I had to uninstall as crashed phone as too big, HTC desire hd. Shame as lost money having only had it less than 24hrs.
It seems fun but it hangs, ironically with our hero on the end of zip wire, early on. Please fix! Using moto droid.
The game is excellent until the desert section. Went all the way through and crashed without saving - twice!
love the game, but crashes after desert episode (SGS) and didn't save progress since lasr game start. not ok considering the price...
love the game, but crashes after desert episode (SGS) and didn't save progress since lasr game start. not ok considering the price...
Gameplay limited despite the glitzy visuals.
HTC Desire has the same device Specifications (CPU, GPU) as HTC Nexus One. Please Fix 3D support for Nexus one.
But please fix the door not opening glitch like others have reported. Second level.
why this apps don't work on some custom rooms.
Good games
Not run on galaxy player้
I like it. Not bad for a mobile phone.
I was playing it and it was great. I've upgraded to ics and now I can't install, says not compatible with my device.
Great game. But, it needs more. I finished the whole game really quick. And more recently, every time I try to open it it crashes after license check
Fun, easy to play, great graphics and story. Couldn't ask for much more
This has been one of my best gaming experience on my Motorola Defy, and the game ran pretty smooth on my device too. But suddenly, it says "Not compatible with your Motorola Defy". I paid for it, completed it without too much trouble, and now it says not compatible? They should really let me download this anyway since I've paid for it. Guess I'll just have to wait till I buy another device to experience this again!
Since change to Goggle Play, the game says not compatible with your device? Motorola Defy. I am unable to reinstall the game.
Pro's :   This was a great game when I could play it!  Simple controls, fun art style and a different approach on how a touch screen game should be played...   Con:      I purchased this title when I had the Moto Xoom, I sold it in an effort to get a better tablet.  The Sony Tablet S, and now I'm being told It's incompatible!  And the worst part is I paid for a game that I didn't even get to play for three days, and I can't get my money back....   Get it together Gameloft!  Please make this right, update this to support the Sony Tablet S.
Before the update this was loading a bad 2D platformer instead of the 3D action adventure game pictured in the screenshots. This issue is fixed now and I have adjusted my score.
After buying for my SGS2 it finally works on my Transformer Prime. Download from the Gameloft servers took a long time though...
How do you get past?
I am unable to send message
Great game... For a dollar it was a steal... Totally worth it...! Graphics were pretty good too...
Guys, if you have root on your HTC Flyer Honeycomb you can play this game. I installed Honeybar and now have possibility to hide bottom status bar.So, you should hide status bar and then run the game... The game starting and working perfectly!
It is a good game, with good graphics, nice story and overall good gameplay. I really recommend it to everyone.
Excellent graphics and sound, controls work well, some good accelerometer use, the ending a bit abrupt and disappointing though - not even end titles. Overall great value for money - recommend. Xoom 3.2
Was enjoyable until the lastest update which has caused it to crash while fighting the pirates am very disappointed because I now can't play the game and I was having fun. HTC Incredible S
best gameplay very fun. but hang some time. I hope gameloft will update other HD games for my galaxy s+ . thanks
Thanks for the latest release which fixed my issue about not getting the correct version.
The update gave me the right version, though. Thanks! Galaxy Nexus
Works now for nexus S android 4.0.3 thanks gameloft.
The graphics are great but the game itself is fairly average.. I mean the puzzles are really easy and obvious. Seems like it was targeted at kids.. :(
Great game. Blocked out my friends during PE to play this. Really mad that after hours of playing, it just so happened to lose my game save data. Htc G2 :)
This game is really great the gameplay is actually pretty fun and addicting and the graphics arw very nice but in my opinion not as good as MC3...but for some odd reason the game runs very laggy on my htc sensation 4G and this is almost as high end as you can get of a phone so please fix the lag and I will rate 5 stars :)
The graphics are amazing and game play seems interesting! Looking forward to this.
Re-rated after Nexus fix. Thanks. Please be clearer about support on new devices.
Thanks for the fix.
Runs 3D with playable fps on Droid Incredible 2.
This game is actually pretty good if you have a decent phone. Older phones or lower end phones will get the 2d version. But I really enjoyed the 3d version.
There's a bug for all devices running ICS where you get the 2D JAVA version instead of the 3D version. Probably a way for them to make their money while they work on compatible version for ICS, which is just plain scammy. I think Gameloft should be held accountable for breaking the consumer's trust. Some are even getting the 3D version at first, then finding it turned 2D after updating their device to ICS. Not good Gameloft. I give high rating because it's a great game coming from some bad business practice
Good effort, no major complaints as such........rather short game though mind. Unique graphics, worked quite well on Desire. Handful of loading issues but probably not a deal breaker as game was so cheap.
Do not listen to what stupid ppl say. It is perfectly working on s2. Graphic are amazing. No force close. It is HD.
Very enjoyable. A little easy but still fun. Get it while on Sale.
Good so far... Works well on HTC EVO 4g. Had an issue with "invalid license" at first, but opened game from market and it works now.
I don't get it why people keep saying this 2d looks like I'm playing an xbox 360 game on my phone
Looks and runs great on my LG Optimus Black.
Nice game and all,  but extremely short. I caught Sacharine and it's over? That gives a little under 3 hours of gameplay. Honestly for the initial price, it just isn't worth it. Good I got it for 1 dollar.
The game is good, but the download takes 1.6 gb (unlike 900 mb as it shows for hd version) and also the loading time is higher. Do not consider this if using 8 gb micro sd card. For $1, this would have been a five star if it doesn't consume console level memory. -HTC Sensation
I mean it's not 3D as promised but its still fun. What happened to everyone who enjoyed the 8-bit games? Come one everyone, let's forget the whole high graphics thing and have some fun with old school games! Plus it's only a dollar!  Toshiba Thrive AT100
Finished game droid bionic Great audio and graphics Game is too large to keep on phone.  But was nice to show off to people.  Give it a chance people.
Superb HD game. It needs additinal 970mb download, but worth. However it crashed n hung my tab twice but overall plays good n very interstng.
Ok, now Gameloft are going places. Simple, fun and graphics are console quality (a good one). Some faults but currently looks great. 4 stars for caution till I finish and see if it's worth one extra.
Lags very badly on Samsung Galaxy S! Please fix and I'd give 5stars! Overall game is very sweet!
Would be a 5* plus if not for the force closing on LG 3D making you have to go back to start of level each time - not happy!
Although its true - I have a 3D game in my Droid Inc. 2 with OS 2.2 and yet I have a 2D game on my brand new Galaxy Tab 7+ with OS 3.2. Galaxy Nexus owners - its a brand new OS, try to be patient. As for the rest of us... Gameloft should certainly make the truth clear.
now where's my option to play the 2d game that everybody's raving about?   ;)
im a bit dissapointed because the screenshots lie but its still fun in 2D
Great on Samsung galaxy s2, diabolical on galaxy nexus on ICS. I'm still scoring 4 bcos it is awesome on sgs2. Please fix guys, cost me £5 :S
Wud give 5 but its a bit sluggish
Would give 5 stars if it wasn't  so buggy. Problems in certain levels, hangs loading levels and resets phone. Samsung Google Nexus S Android 2.3.6
Great graphics.. But a 700 mb download should have been mentioned!
perfect for my galaxy s2.very impressive game,thats graphic experience such as play use desktop.overall,fantastic.
Excellent game play, graphics, sound fx, and navigation control. Above average for an Android game. Device tested: HTC Desire Z on Android 2.3.3.
Great game on my LG Optimus 3D, but defaults to 2D on my Moto Droid 3 (ME863), please fix!
This worked great on my SGS2. I have now upgraded to the Galaxy Note (Model GT-N7000 - awesome phone by the way). Unfortunately, the game is defaulting to the 2D version instead of the HD version. :(
It's so much fun. I love how you control the characters. I wish there were more levels to play over time.
An excellent game with interesting story, linear yet reasonably varied game play and high production values. Excellent value for money
I was genuinely surprised by how well the game looks and handles. It's put together very well. Recommended!
Not run on galaxy player้
Says added ICS support but doesn't work with Samsung Galaxy S3. Please fix
I really like it!
I'm enjoying playing this game. It's got impressive graphics, and seems to run very smoothly, at least on a new ICS tablet. Hours of fun! It's not just mindless shooting or dumb puzzles. It actually has me thinking quite a bit. I didn't expect that. Pleasant surprise.
Don't even open! Flyer Honeycomb 3.2. It fails after license check and back to home screen.
Don't even open! Flyer Honeycomb 3.2. It fails after license check and back to home screen.
I need the adventures of unicorn on android
Every time i download it it just pulls up a black screen. Then it backs out to my all apps menu
Works great on my Galaxy S2.  °^_^°
Despite lengthy file download process (about 2 hours), the installed program works great on Tegra 3, Asus Transformer Prime! Great graphics! Great sound (theme)! Appealing storyline and game play.  Haven't completed the game, although initial play has been reasonably smooth without a glitch.  Recommended for Transformer Prime, based upon my current experience with this game.  VM
Great quality game, awsomw graphics, professional voices and quite long too. The simplistic game play in the beginning becomes much richer as the game progresses. One of the nest games I bought.
But I keep getting stuck on  the cannon part trying to sink the ships game keeps freezing on that part. I have done it six times and still freezes on sinking last ship anything suggestions. Samsung captivate
Finally a decent game for your mobile that amounts to more than button bashing. This makes great use of the tech in your phone to control the characters.
great game gameloft
great game gameloft
...what we played with my 5 years old daughter on tablet! More such please!
One of the best mobile games ever. Superb graphics and great gameplay!
Works on Atrix, Iconia Tab, and EVO View 4G.
good job making this game like this.need another adventure game like this with good gameplay and grafic
Update my review as Tab 7.7 is now supported. Stunning graphic!  Worked fine on Atrix too.
Excellent 3d gaming at its best, brilliant graphics and game play for the Sony
Love this game. Good graphic, and very intresting story.
Much better after update
I purchased this for my android 2.2 phone last year, glad its Available for my tablet now!
Works awesome on htc flyer 3g!
It's awesome! Would love more levels though.
The game is a mix of adventure, quick time events, puzzles and mini games and the story and collectibles will keep me hooked for a while. The amount of polish on this title puts it up there with the best of them, even if the platforming gameplay is a little limiting.  All in all, a good game, especially for kids and fans of the movie.
After buying for my SGS2 it finally works on my Transformer Prime. Download from the Gameloft servers took a long time though...
Skyrocket!! And it looks great! So good! Thank you thank you!
Finally after several months I now have the correct version for my sgs2 skyrocket, thanks for fixing it. Skyrocket owners should check out the gameloft wap store for 10 HD games android market doesn't have and their $4.99 not $6.99
Game no longer in cheap 2d! Thanks Gameloft! Nice game!
Engaging and intuitive..changing gameplay keeps me stimulated thou find the storyline very boring.
For people struggling to open door.. Try longer swipes, it worked for me
So much to do, great characters, acting, voices, big-budget game with a solid atmosphere.Worth more than it cost me
Great game. No issues so far. SGS2
It wont download wasted money
Great game play, but how on earth does Snowy the dog get the keys off the table to let Tin Tin out near beginning of game?
Game has very nice graphics and storyline, great for kids
Fun game! My 6 year old son loves it. SGS2
Slide 2 fingers down screen and door opens easy. Game looks and plays great on Samsung Galaxy S2. Game is very short and only half the game, waiting for part 2.
Brilliant game works well on xperia. I had issues with other gameloft purchases from their site after a reset and will add the level of customer service was good. Links to my games where received within a few hours after contacting them so if you have a genuine issue then you can rely on them. I found anyway. Thanks GL.
Brilliant game works well on xperia. I had issues with other gameloft purchases from their site after a reset and will add the level of customer service was good. Links to my games where received within a few hours after contacting them so if you have a genuine issue then you can rely on them. I found anyway. Thanks GL.
Looks and works great on the HTC thunderbolt
Runs simply great on my SGS 2. The initial download takes a long time, but once completed the graphics are amazing! Live the game.
Great game
This game is unreal - beats all of those games that take after movies, by a long shot. Really enjoyable to play.
Normally if I wanted to play a game I'd pick up my PSP not my phone - not with Tintin it's absolutely outstanding on my HTC Desire HD. Flawless gameplay - beautiful graphics..
I love this game.
I just played the 1st section on my HTC Desire S. The graphics are outstanding, controls good for a touch screen and the story is interesting, Now looking forward to the rest of this game, Clearly, your experience will depend on the power of you device.
Im a game design artist and i must say that this game has the most creative game play out of anything i have seen on android as of yet. Bravo to the dev team! I bought it for ¢99 and id gladly pay $10 for this title. I expected nothing from the 'me too' movie genre...pleasantly surprised!
I can't get past the door on the second level. Please fix this! I've tried for the past 15 minutes, and no worky. I tried restarting the app, exiting the game and coming back in, etc.
Great use of graphic and music. Really represent Tin Tin experience very well. Gameplay is rather simple but its still fun nevertheless.
For whom facing problem in the door in the 2nd level .. Just move you finger many times and it will open ;-)
Great games. My kids likes it. Must buy!
After the update it works on nexus s! Thanks gameloft
Fantastic. Maybe not too challenging but a great game nonetheless
Very goos graphics although i like to be able to download some updates via 3g, since i do not have always on wifi.... Its that possible to bypass wifi updates...
Perfect I was really looking forward to playing this, but when I went onto it, it just checking required files, please wait, then it says a problem occurred during the download, would you like to download it again I pressed yes and the whole process repented itself, kinda disappointed please fix. I don't know if this is only on my phone (HTC Desire)! A couple of hours later I decided to get a bigger SD card works well now, I love it, some parts I like even more than on my xbox!
Game is great, but an update a week ago erased my downloaded game data, made it a wifi download only. Now the download fails everytime.  Please fix
Best mobile game I have played.  Phoenix Wright for iPhone takes a close second.  Works great on EVO 3D.  However, I have experienced some crashes.
Runs with ~20fps on my Nexus S / ICS, nevertheless the gfx looks very nice, great music and storytelling. It never gets boring because you always have to do something different.
Awesome game, great HD graphics the best I've seen so far and game play is very smooth. A must buy for this price....!
It had one bug where I couldn't open door in the ship! The third time it worked!! But aside that 5*!!
very good graphics on my gt p1000 7inch. Too bad the game is very short and easy to finish. Update please... more adventures...
Great game play.
this game is absolutely fantastic in every way. it lags a bit on my phone. u need to have dual-core or higher for best experience, I imagine. -Nexus S 4.0.6
Excellent graphic and story!Work well on my galaxy s2.Just finished the game and i love it!
excellent game probably the best game on android. worth the money spent.  thumbs up gameloft
Bring on the next one! Amazing game! Had to force close few times on xperia play but controls are perfect! Good price too! :-)
Great fun bit laggy though
Amazing graphics. Xperia arc.
2D low res on galaxy nexus Does not work properly on ICS 4.0.1
.ty for fixing...the download pf additional files....its wonderful...samsung galaxy 2..software..2.3.6
Amazing game difficult to download but worth it
The result is quite impressive. From the general atmosphere down to the minievents, from the reactions and attitudes of the characters to the music, this game is not a poor, hastily coded money vacuum, but rather an interactive and truly fun Tintin story. As a person who grew with Tintin & co., i recommend this game.
Game really keeps u hooked to your phone for hours. The gameplay and graphics is absolutely stunning taking in consideration that your playing on a portable. Its very easy gameplay and makes u feel like ur watching a movie and being a part of it !
Runs without problems on my Acer Iconia A500. Great game and graphics.
The most excited game in smartphone for android..very nice graphic.thanks to those create this game..very detail graphic..very nice story and mission..hope that another game same or more like this for the next game..
Great game if your device will let you play the 3d version. Fix for other devices!
Works well on sg2 its HD and wow its 3D . I recomend to buy it awesome game. Adventourous.
this is a superb game, nice graphics, easy controls and beautiful storyline. Works great on my DHD
this is a superb game, nice graphics, easy controls and beautiful storyline. Works great on my DHD
Good game if u got the hd version
I can't believe the production value this game has. The sky section (no spoilers!) is just wow. Well done gameloft
For the price you can't go wrong , big production values, great graphics , good game . Although it eats battery and takes up a lot of space because of it . Overall recommended highly . Se arc
Was hesitant from all the low reviews.  But if you get the 3d version, its good fun.  Much better graphics than I expected on a phone.  Huge battery eater though.
Galaxy tab 10.1 Wow really wow! And all for 69p bargain.
Only played the first few minutes but it's the most professional graphics and atmospheric I've even seen on a phone, the cutscenes look like from the movie but there the graphics nexus s.
Works perfectly on me Galaxy Tab P1000 - amazing graphics, great controls and a fantastic story. Well worth a go!
On Xoom 4G LTE - 3.2 HC
Terrific game. Addictive gameplay and smart controls. Visually stunning. Runs flawlessly on SGS2.
I really enjoyed this game, excellent story line, a bit short, only 4 hours of gameplay but for $1 dollar is ok. The 2D/3D issue comes if your device cannot handle strong 3D graphics. Galaxy Tab 8.9 @ 3.1
Working good on my Lg optimus black. Currently the best game on my android and let me forget to play on my psp.
مره حلوووووووه    تعلب بالولد ثم كلب اعزكم الله ثم قبطان     صح بفلوووووس لكن لعبة رائعه
Fantasic graphics, sound & controls..BRILLIANT SGS2
Works perfectly  on Galaxy tab p1000. It is the best game i've played on my tablet. Great graphics , no bugs . . . Perfect!
It is more like an interactive movie than a game
!
This game played well on my xoom, sad it all done tho lol!
The graphics are really great... Works fine on my phone.  No problems what so ever!  Two thumbs up for a fun game with great graphics!
Superb! Sg2
Quite happy with this game. A little too linear for my liking  but still very fun! Galaxy S II.
- One of the best games on the market.Great 3D graphics,plays very smooth.I wish I had a tablet,because 4'inch screen is to small for this awesome game.
Great graphics!!! works great on my samson galaxy 2. Hours of fun for a dollar.
Best android game - period. Unbelievable graphics, very immersive gameplay. Can't believe I am not playing on a console.  The only complaint, on the easy side.
It is in 3D on my phone. SGS2.
The movie replica Howesome game so far the best triling and the graphic just like the movie 10/10 it is 3d but realy big to download need lot's of space and takes time to download.
cool game, there is problem in 2nd level.. the door not open, fix it plz. SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 GT-I9100... UPDATE :the door was open after 10000 efforts .. thanks
HTC Thunderbolt - No download problems, no graphic problems, game plays great!  Looks and plays wonderfully so far.
Game hangs and shuts down when you select first chapter and click ok to activate motion controls
Game runs really well on my galaxy s vibrant. Fun game and good graphics.  all the people giving one star ratings need to understand that ice cream sandwich os just came out. Give them time to fix it before you rate one star.
Beautiful game. Runs brilliantly on xperia pro. Best graphics so far of any game on android
Everything is really well animated. Graphics are great. Gameplay  is pretty sweet too
On the Samsung Galaxy S2 runs smooth, no problems yet, lovely gameplay. Might be the 2nd best gameloft game after MC3
Wonderful graphics, awesome game story
Wonderful graphics, awesome game story
Working great on Desire s.
Graphics are amazing on my droid x. A little choppy, but console quality.
Graphics are amazing on my droid x. A little choppy, but console quality.
Runs great on my old school nexus one
@Keri. Seriously?! Why can't u and others understand, the bigger (MB) file the better game and graphics. I downloaded 900 mb file of this game and it runs smoothly and great 3D graphics like on pictures. Get a high end phones.
After abit of tweaking on my HTC Sensation looks and works great. Only problem doesn't show up in my apps list. Who cares!
Very nice game, pretty fun so far. Works great on HTC Desire HD. Controls are nice not too big on screen. Overall great game.
works on an S2x
Very suck game graphic 2d in paid version ,but very well graphic 3d in crack version. I guess you don't pay for this game and search cracked game by google.
Great game with excellent 3d graphics on Moto Xoom. Beautiful and funny gaming. I am very pleased.
Work perfectly on galaxy s2 amazing job
Awesome graphics, story and gameplay. 5 stars. Small glitches ar nothing compared to real adventure.
Doesn't even play on nexus S
Doesn't even play on nexus S
Great graphics and awesome storyline. Would have been happier of controls were more responsive.
Graphics look like VGA games from 1990.  Pretty sure technology has changed since.  Please go back to school.
5 Star game for 99 cents, well worth the download trust me.
Finally we see gameloft using a different kind of grafx engine,  like ps1/psx
In full 3d, excellent graphics, S Galaxy S2, worth buying
Game screen turns black with controls overlayed the first time you get to play as snowy. Unplayable. Motorola Xoom wifi with stock 3.2.
Updated tablet to honeycomb. Now I get invalid license. Please make a apk fix for this or something . Thanks
5 stars Didnt expect tablet games could be this good. Love the downloader system. Leet gfx, cool action too. Never knew tintin would show up in 2011.
So far so good. A lot of fun. Graphics are incredible! EVO 3d. I have no idea what people are complaining about.
Show off high quality 3D game, provide low quality 2D game. Way to not support Galaxy Nexus, REFUND.
Love the game only thing i can say gs2 gets hot very quick
Good game
Varied,  entertaining gameplay,  beautiful graphics and good voice acting to boot!  A fantastic purchase!  Samsung s 2
Excellent...very good graphics,easy to control.like it.hope give more update in future
Nice graphics for a phone
Can't imagine a better Tintin game! The animation is fluid, the world is huge and lots to explore. Overall a fantastic game. And funny too! Best movie game ever!
Fantastic game. Console quality. Plays very well on galaxy s2.
Best game ever made! Thank gameloft
Уровней немного, о за ваши деньги, вы получите убойную графу и великолепное музыкальное сопровождение и, идет на galaxy s2 без проблем. Всем советую
This is the best mobile game i have ever played. Great graphics varied gameplay, full soundtrack with voice acting. almost a real console experience
Nice
Best game I've played in a long time ... bring out the next chapter :)
First real full console like title with nice graphic and touch features !
love the game, but crashes after desert episode (SGS) and didn't save progress since lasr game start. not ok considering the price...
Yet it just be best adventure quest android game ever. Looking excellent on my sg i9000
Gamelofts best to date-they need 2 mke more of these type of games instead of their knock offs
Works perfectly with cm7 sgs2. Nice graphics, fun story and entertaining gameplay. Small gem imdeed!
A small gem!
This game is a hell of a treat and really does do tintin justice. Variety of gameplay and great graphics do the tintin brand justice
Average game. Voices are awful
Got the game the day after seeing the movie in cinema! Amazed at how much details is in the game.Storyline slightly different from movie which is fun!
Got the game the day after seeing the movie in cinema! Amazed at how much details is in the game.Storyline slightly different from movie which is fun!
Stunning, can't believe you could do this on a phone... Needs 700mb space on your sd memory card though
If iz as awesime az gamez
