Need friends my name is  Geisha Doll  please add my game will nt load had to uninstall this app sucks
What for? You don't need that info!
Always shows package file invalid. Pls fix... Sony Xperia Arc S
Fhk
Every time I play the game it keeps switching from small to large as if i am turning my tablet. Which is not happening, so I must physically turn the tablet off because it wont let me do anythihg else. Can this be fixed? If so it would help alot of people unless im the only one thats having this problem.
Looks fun but when you actually download it, it doesnt work. At least not for me. It just kept 'loading' without getting anywhere!! Shame, I usually really enjoy Com2Us games.
Crap! Won't even open! :-( I've only given it a star because it won't let u give zero.
I installed this app a month ago and have not once been able to play, it does not open. Everytime I try to Check back to see if there are any changes, still does not work. Its unfortunate......uninstalling. Mytouch4G
it has been two weeks since ive been able to log in...i want a $0.99 refund for my fishing upgrade...this is some bs!!!!
I like playing this game but im frustrated because i play it every day multiple times but whenever i get my daily reward its always the day one reward it will never go to day two
Black screen
I can't even open the game. I have an HTC merge. Please fix because I have been wanting to play this game since I knew about it.
It is a very bad game i for one do not lik it,it is totally boring and the graphics.....well it is not tht bad
I can't log in. I type in my user name and password and nothing shows up. Fix this problem.
Ever since the game updated it turns to small screen and won't allow me to sign in. Please fix for tablets
It takes 22222 long loading 2 download
Was playing perfect, then it automatically logged me out & won't let me log back in for over a week now! I am not gonna clear cache and have to start all over! Hope this is fixed soon
Cant play sadly uninstalled fix it
Its a cool game very different from others, but it has so many problems on the tablet le pan that its not worth playing. Please fix or will install!!!
Takes way too long to load. I have a fast processor, strong Wi-Fi, and no other apps running, and it's been a half hour just sitting there doing nothing. Says loading is done, so why am I not playing right now?
It takes forever to load even on 4g!!!!
Its very very fun
Cant even open on my droid x.. wont stop loading. Sat for 15 mins staring at the loading screen.
It won't let me sign in.tap fish
Sucks and awsome
It won't let me log in. I click on the username or password box, type the required information and the boxes are still blank .
It won't let me log in. I click on the username or password box, type the required information and the boxes are still blank .
it stinks
I promise these game is sucked me off
I wish I can play aqua story but it wont load. I hate it.
How am i even suppose to add people to buy things
takes too long to load.there can't be that many updates, seriously. installing..
Downloaded for points in another game, did not give me those points after download and playing 5 levels.
Stupid
I really don't have an experiance with the game but I made a account and it woulndnt let me log in and it keep laggin and flip in back and forth so yea looks good but it wouldn't let me play.  :(
Terrible and nothing can change my mind ever!!!!!
Its taking forever to download so i havent even had the chance to play! Please fix!!!
When i tried to play it, my screen just turned black!
Can't load the game
Will not open ... Not a good game.. Very unhappy with it uninstall..
Take long time,bored...
This game looks fun but it takes so long to load I haven't even played it
When you have to pull your battery because the program locks up your phone, its garbage. Save your time
Can't log in to play, can't play as guest. BS and I'm uninstalling.
Will not let me sign in anymore and why do you need a password for a fish tank game. Total garbage
Wont open
It says network connection failed everytime when my network cconnection is fine. I haven't been able to get into the game one time...why
What a waste
I can't even get into the game it just stays the the opening and all it says is downloading and not doing anything
Created a username & password so I can get credits on another game, but I can't even log in.  Doesn't fill in the fields I'm typing in.
love it
It won't let me access my account so I can start playing the game! I was really looking forward to playing it. Bummer!!! Deleting. :(
Was really enjoying the game but now when the game starts it asks for a username and password which I am unable to enter from my phone!!
I downloaded the APP and it will not open,  EVO 4G
It wouldn't let me make an account.
I downloaded this game and it did not work it was not responding and a little message came up saying aqua story is not responding would u like to quit  it went awy in like 95.5milliseconds it was bad don't download it if it is a bug fix it now I have no clue why people don't take there time so they can get it right and just update it perfectly
I downloaded this game and it did not work it was not responding and a little message came up saying aqua story is not responding would u like to quit  it went awy in like 95.5milliseconds it was bad don't download it if it is a bug fix it now I have no clue why people don't take there time so they can get it right and just update it perfectly
Rubbish. Absolutely rubbish.
Game won,t load daughter was very upset. Uninstalling
When you will fix the game, the menue empty i cant buy food or fish
Great game. Very cute.
I may be 8 but some game can't scam me. I was going to get some money but FORGET it. All the twisting and turning made my head go nuts!
Slow as hell!
Slow as hell!
This game sucks...if i could give it no stars i would! Its a huge app too! Ridiculously huge! It takes over 95 mb on my fone! Why??? Its not anymore detailed than dream zoo n that is only 20 mb....why does it need to be such a huge file really???? It slows my entire fone down unless i manually force stop the app n its not my fone cuz i have a great fone! (Motorola photon) DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP! I AM UNINSTALLING RIGHT NOW N HOPIN MY FONE WORKS RIGHT AGAIN AFTERWARDS!
too many hang ups! enough said...
Booooorrrrriiinngggggg
Not god
Once the game FINALLY loads, all it does is rotate the screen back and forth. Very disappointing!
Lousy piece of crap! Cant even download! If i could, i would rate it 0 stars :(
I got it loaded but never would open
Stupid game, don't waste your time.
I could not even play. If I could I would rate it 5 stars. This used to be my moms phone but my name is Alicia
Would like 2 have tried this game but couldnt get it to load!!
this game is too good
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnñ
Hope thizz F.un
It wont let me play
not good at all It wont even let me open it
The worst game!! A cheat. Downloads tons of data without intimation.
The worst game!! A cheat. Downloads tons of data without intimation.
Couldn't even open game, made an account and everything won't go on. And stupid music.
Wont load uninstalled.
Takes to long to install. Please fix.
This game sucks.  It took 5 mins to open then crashed my DROID RAZR.
Rotates endlessly...
Wanted WAY to much info to even play. Had wifi to high speed internet still took over a minute to load.
I hate this game it wouldn't let me download it its so annoying and stupid don't download it anyone
Please update this so I can download it again! It says I have insufficient space but I know I have more than enough room for it!:(
it does not even start, it crashes right @ the beginning.
Because  this game loads very very long        Please fix this app.
This gameneverletssmelogin
Good game if you like pets
Terrible because I can't sign in!
Don't pay this. I just wasted the last 2 hours of my life
I want to try this game but I can't download kg :'(
Sux needs to be fixed
downloading takes forever!! uninstall!!
When I get on the game the screen is all black.I shared for 30 minutes and it won't come on!
Bad
This game literally sucked the life out of me biggest waste of time.
'Nuff said
It won't let me login?
This game wont liad o well think god it was free makes me mad tho o well
Soks
This didn't open on me. I've waited 30mins. And nothing. Loading as far as I got. Coral city is where's its at!
It is dum I only got it so I could get something on a nuther game
Downloaded the game, waited for 5 mins to load the first time. When it finally started, i was unable to log in, and then it started to rotate non stop among my screen when i never turn my tablet at all... Exited the app and waited to give it a second try. Same thing happened again... This is the second game from com2us that i downloaded and couldnt play. Second disappointed from Com2us... Never gonna download your games again...
It doesn't let me enter my username and password.
I can't even open the game !!! Fixed this please
Stupid game why do u need a password to play a fish game? Not to mention it wont let me sighn in! Keeps asking me to reenter password stupid waist of time glad i didnt have to pay for it althow graphicks ARE good but its the only thing that is
It's crap
I even can't open it :(
Sucks wouldent let me log in and dude what the heck it took up 88.9 megabites space on my phone not worth download
Read title
....
Can't login and its stuck in portrait. Please fix and I'll change review.
As soon as i click on the game to pay my screen switches directions and wont stop, i would like to play this game but i cant if it wont let me. Please fix this asap!
The daily prizes stuck in day 1 even though i have been playing everyday for the last few weeks. Also everytime i open a shell its always just either 100 aqua money or 50 aqua points. Nothing else. Please fix this ASAP as it is very annoying
This is cute but I ran out of things to do fast. You need money and you need friends points to buy things. One needs friends to get friends points and that is not looking likely.
So cool and fun
There are better fish games out there then this.
Iv barley played this games and there telling me to reveiw . I have nkting to reveiw
Kind of demanded a lot of coddling but neat!
The game is fun. Has bugs and things I think should change. Keeps disconnecting my service. The way u get friends sucks! There should be a community like restaurant story. Also the daily reward keeps tripping, I've been getting the first day award 3 days in a row! The items in the shop most of them have to be bought with diamonds (or money that u actually pay for!). Fix it!
Okay not the greatest game but fun
Doesn't let me play it says no internet connection:(
Best game EVER
It was fine at first but then it did weird things like hiding my home button and clock and rotating but not rotating back......
Sharks are awsme
Keep auto off and the screen not the right size
Won't even load
I've got full bars in my wi-fi connection but for the last 15mins,my download is not yet coming through....very big file!
Fun game and interesting
Not sure if adding friends works. Try me: manutdonline
This game is really great because of the karats .. They never go to 0 (unless you keep on spending them) something i dont like about this is that you lose oxygen quickly, and i would suggest to add some activities too!! Im getting real bored about this, just looking our virtual fishes isnt enough... Make that oxygen thing go away and add some activities that can let us earn quas !! I recommend this to people who likes marine animals...   Thanks..
Aqua story just wont open surely youll fix it Was not happy with that  Please fix that
Jerk
If the talking fish get on your nervous turn down your volume
It's a Good game but ever since it updater i can't visit my friends Tank. Please fix ASAP
it's Cute & fun! But it very difficult to log in and loading very slow. Plz fix it.
Game works better now that it is updated!
Its a good and fun game but there are some big flaws...1) you run outta oxygen after 5 fish...2) i cant type in any of the bars, a bar at the very top of the screen pops up to type in but it doesnt acknowledge that...3) a lot of stuff you have use carats and so you have to buy them to have a fun time
moevirus
Would love to be able to view random people playing and be able to quickly add them as friends in game
I have played this game for multiple days and even uninstalled and installed and it will never give me my daily bonus past the first day. It keeps giving me the "day 1" bonus. I would like that resolved please because i actually like this game...
I forgot my password, so I went through the process through my email and everything and now I'm in my account but my game has restarted. :/
this game is cute & fun.and i enjoy playing it but the talking fish are quite annoying.my fish are quite negative in the way they talk.deff not a fan of that :/
This game is so fun but it's really slow and freezes nonstop...
Digital fish wow! ok.. umm..
Good little game, needs bugs fixing though, such as loading screen takes ages also checking for updates takes ages once that's done I have to repeatedly press play for about 5 minutes to be able to play the game, in the game the buttons you have to click 3-4 times to get them working, it freezes a lot, sometimes says my tank data is not available, im using the HTC sensation xe my girlfriend has the HTC one x and she has the same problems
Totally glitched cant sign in or play past the title screen because the game auto rotates until exit which is impossible because of the rotation so all in all it very much needs improvement on it thats what I think at least:-)
Will turn off phone time to time.. plz fix, evo
Love it! Best fish game ever. Love the notifications it gives you. It should have breeding!
Ive been wating forever, and I still can't play. It looked fun but I wouldn't know because I can play.
If they added like games to play with your fish it would be better
I like it its fun and i love ocean animals
:)
So far. Have not played for long
Absolutely love the game and all the details, very cool compared to other fish tank games! I somehow managed to acquire an account, but when attempting to sign in my tablet could not make words appear in the boxes! So, have to sign in as guest, therefore no friends, so there is a lot I miss out on!
I have to repeatedly click a button just to accept something and most of the time it wont allow me to buy or accept the item. It a cute game but sone bugs need fixed
Good game but need more fishes
Its hard finding friends in my tab. Maybe its not responding to my keyboard..so friend me please its necka06
Great game but a few hours after I download it .. started freezing & getting slow. -_- killed da mood. Uninstalled.
Not too bad, but not the best
Idk wat its about I just downloaded to get more gold for crime city lol so I will give it 3starz :)
....... Boring but a little fun
Takes way too long 2 load. Doesn't need to cheak for.updats all the time... Annoying.
Cool
Needs work keeps crashing
I like it
Iv just used this to get crystals on the game dinosaurs wars
The game wont let me buy anything please fix lg
it was slow!
Will let you know
Although a few glitches and not entirely translated into english. Huge data file ( over 40Mb)! My poor little phone doesn't have that much space to waste for one game
Love the game! Add me, kuehl
I liked it a lot! ADORABLE!!!! But, upgrade it to where its more fun. Its like four or three stars
Mickel01
This game is very fun and i enjoy playing it but i dont under stand the oxygen thing it makes no sense but other that that this game is good for kids to learn how the take care of fish i like it!!!!!!
Like the game please add sld95 need friends thanxs!!!
When you have a Samsung Indulge.  I got this game about 2 days ago and was doing great and now everytime I try to open the application it force closes. Total bummer. If it can be fixed for Samsung cellphones I would give 5 stars. Thanks.
I love it but I can't login on my SK 4G so I'm playing as a guest. I love this game but pls fix so I can login to my acct.
Please fix...will not open ...great game until now
Major issue is that I can't type anything, I end up visiting the com2us site and typing from there. I can't friend anyone since I can't type.  The rest is awesome though.
Was great since open today.auto rotation doesnt work only small screen fix pls
the only problem I got with it at the moment it wound let me lode it :-(  please fix
This game is GREAT because the gems Never run out! But the bad thing is you run out of oxygen very quickly. Please fix. I highly recommend this to people who like aquatic animals.
This game's concept needs some work. There's far too much to purchase with Karats; none of the interesting creatures can be purchased with Qua, such as dolphin or hippo. These must be purchased with Karats or sometimes thousands of social points. If you don't have friends who play all the stupid games you play, most of the goals for the social points are next to impossible.  The mechanic for this game is fun, but not innovative or new. The economy, with three currencies, is broken.
It's pretty AWSOME. Love it
Many have issues getting the game to even play. When I first downloaded it it would get stuck at loading. Once I deleted data manually and redownloaded it worked, though. Another issue is that it doesn't consider 4g acceptable, even though it's practically as fast as wi-fi.
need to add.friend.to.visit. hope can update tje.system then we can visit.te.stranger.
I love my talking fish- theyake me giggle! Nice game- works well, even on mobile internet connection.  Had problems logging in (entered info but box was blank) but pressing enter instead of closing keyboard fixed that.  Always need more friends- add AmyJPond :)
Its a pretty great game except for a few bugs here and there but they fixed it:)
I wish I can play aqua story but it wont load. I hate it.
very adorable and entertaining!!
Great game I like it a lots.......i
Enjoy it all the time
Its okay
Easy, fun to play, and cute graphics :3 perfect for leisure time gaming. Its a bit laggy though but aside from that no problems here!
Liking game so far.. username..wenlee75
Amazing...i am fun
Dis freaking sucks every time i try to make an account the game closes on me bt it is a good game
Slow as hell!
Pretty fun game, no probs so far
I got it loaded but never would open
I got it loaded but never would open
.
It is really cool!
It is cool but it gliches a lot
Pretty fun game, if a bit simple and not ported to english as well as it could be.
So fun i spend hrs playing it!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
O like this game a lot
It's a pretty cool game!
It's a pretty cool game!
This gameneverletssmelogin
Good game although not sure what I  doin as I a Newby.
Great little game. Only problem is that it switches to portrait mode on Motorola Xoom. Would be much better if it stayed in landscape mode.
Why do the fish need to be fed so often. There should be an automatic feeder. Other than that its decent.
Cooooooooool!
A fisherrific aquarium game. Better than others I've played. Not constrained by real time. Fish grow fast. Like fish in a game should.
Pretty good game
Its cool but it some ads and i like it because its fun amy way thanks ^_^
Fun game and interesting
My Wife  Loves it But Me not so much.......
Good lil game.. I had fish n real life but they died.. Seriously..this seems easier..lol
Great
Its cool
Add me Killiuasz Fo r funny
Come add me limitsoflove
Very ccute game.
I love who ever made this, thanks!!  I was looking for an aquarium because the wallpaper wasn't enough. Brilliant work !!
Awesome game. Very addicting. Add me ' nausiras '
I love it
Great game. Actually all the com2 games are fun but its a little lame that you can buy in game stuff with real money.
add need friends vortsman
add need friends vortsman
Please Add me Sandy785 this is my uncle's ipad.
This game is very fun and i enjoy playing it but i dont under stand the oxygen thing it makes no sense but other that that this game is good for kids to learn how the take care of fish i like it!!!!!!
Its fun and enjoyable
This game rocks but I need more carats and it won't  let me go to the screen so I van buy more carats
Easy, fun and enjoyable
I have tryed many aquarium games but this one is by far the coolest. Thank you Com2uS
Ok
So cute!
Great aqua game....
Awesome game.  Keep the updates coming.  Love all the new fish!  Add: lemonpuss
its ok
Cc cc FCC FCC bcc BC I high kg high
Cc cc FCC FCC bcc BC I high kg high
549 8
g๐๐d
I can't open it anymore. Please help
Well done thank you :D
Love the game. The only bad thing can only send 10 gifts per day. Pls fix. Other the that very addictive.
Good
Done.
I like playing this game but im frustrated because i play it every day multiple times but whenever i get my daily reward its always the day one reward it will never go to day two
I love it
Black screen
I love this game add me molly1971
Been playing this for 1 hour & it's quite fun so far...
I love it is so cute!  And love the amount of gems!
It is a very bad game i for one do not lik it,it is totally boring and the graphics.....well it is not tht bad
I love it
I can't log in. I type in my user name and password and nothing shows up. Fix this problem.
the only problem I got with it at the moment it wound let me lode it :-(  please fix
Susan
I   tell   it   is    awesm
moevirus
Would love to be able to view random people playing and be able to quickly add them as friends in game
My six year old loves it! So far ive had no problems running it, thanks
Fun game Do not collect the bonus and it will advance to the next day and so on...
This game is so much fun..... The fish are adorable and even talk. I love thus game it definitely deserves 5 stars!!!!!
Los of fun... so far no problems  Samsung Galaxy Tab 2
Cool!!
I love it
this game is cute & fun.and i enjoy playing it but the talking fish are quite annoying.my fish are quite negative in the way they talk.deff not a fan of that :/
It is the cool in the hole world
Cool my sex will leave u satisfied
I love this game it Is crazy fun
Com2us games are my absolute favorites for phones, etc. Very well done! I had issues logging in, but the support guys gave me a workaround that worked perfectly! For anyone else who can't login because text will not appear/enter in the boxes, here's the fix: login as guest, go to friends, go to add a friend - that should take you to the hub through your device and allow you to login with your regular account! If that doesn't work for you, definitely contact Com2us Support - prompt and helpful responses!
Awesome
Very cheerful and relaxing, not tooo expensive, one of my fav games at the moment. Keep us updated! Jollarogerz
I giggle cause i LOVE IT!
this is a great game I love it
this is a great game I love it
A great game for those who love underwater animals!
I love this game it is so much fun
Please add need friends.  Love this game :-)
Algd
I love fish
very adorable and entertaining!!
Very cool game
It is so fun
Amesome
Amesome
Amesome
This is a good game to play
Love the game, need more neighbors. Username cherellep
:D
Only downloaded this so i get free gold o Gun and Blood which in my opinion is the best shooter game on android
Awesome game! Add lionxv as a friend!
If yout don't like this game you suck
Good
So cool and fun
So cool and fun
So cool and fun
love it
I'm 8 and I love this game so much
Good game
It won't let me access my account so I can start playing the game! I was really looking forward to playing it. Bummer!!! Deleting. :(
X  Dd X D X X
X  Dd X D X X
Its fun
I havent played yet but sonds coil .
I really love this game cause the animals are cute
:-)
Like it
Great game. Very cute.
Fun game
Thank u
This is a fun game for my kids ;)
I love it
Okay not the greatest game but fun
Great game but a few hours after I download it .. started freezing & getting slow. -_- killed da mood. Uninstalled.
So good. I love it
This game is for all ages lovin it
This game is for all ages lovin it
I love peniusssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome
Good
An amazing game soooooooooo cool best game its sooooo cool that no words can tell
this game is too good
this game is too good
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnñ
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnñ
Love it except the gem issues.
This game sucks.  It took 5 mins to open then crashed my DROID RAZR.
Love this game!
Pretty cool game i like that u can name ur fish and its actually kinda relaxing.
this is such a cute game it is a world of color.
it does not even start, it crashes right @ the beginning.
Gud but drags not much 2 the game
O like this game a lot
Decent game
This is so cute
Its very fun like tapfish (:
Awesome lil game
Fun
Fun
I really like this game and the graphics are great.
I love it when I babysit they fight over my phone so I make them take turns
I love it when I babysit they fight over my phone so I make them take turns
OMIGOSH! I LOVE THIS GAME NO DOUBT ABOUT IT! If you're looking for a game to keep you from being bored this is your opportunity.It's addictive too.
Super fun and a perfect game for little kids.
Don't pay this. I just wasted the last 2 hours of my life
Amazing
Amazing
Why do the fish need to be fed so often. There should be an automatic feeder. Other than that its decent.
Why do the fish need to be fed so often. There should be an automatic feeder. Other than that its decent.
Best
Cooooooooool!
I love this game
Super fun
i love this game
When you compare it to other aquamarine games, this one's the cutest and most colourful. I love it.  Friend me: infarctious
Its so cook buy doin it 4 minutes
I like it
Jorie
Fun game and interesting
Awesome
Cool
Deleted tapfish and this is my new fish game!!
High Scores!
High Scores!
I like this game. Its fun and relaxing. ^^ this turned out 2 be one of my fav Games on my phone.
Like it
The graphicbis so cute. As expected from com2us
Gay
bains
Yes i like
I Love This Game Its super Fun!! DOWNLOAD AND DONT WASTE ANY MORE TIME OF NOT PLAYING. LOL
Cool game
This games is a lot fun
It's crap
idk havnt played yet
cute
Keep update.
I just love this game!
Great game, just like other games from this developer!
good
Just its a little stupid whit friends u need to find a user name but my friends don't play any of my game or they don't have an Android
Fun
Love it
Cute game!
Grate for kids
Read title
I love this game it lot of fun
I love playing this game! A lot of fancy fish!!!!!! Addicting!
Character and app graphic looks good. So fun!!!!
Good!!!!
