Everything is about $$$ now and no fun for the casual user, broken and slow app makes it more useless
Guys, what did u do? Takes forever to load now... if it ever does!
Not so good
Slow af! Keeps putting me on offline mode. Wtf
App sucks won't work
This app is a waist of time the previous version was better it always shows offline
You have to pay dor any link you click or any action you make!  Outrageous charging method
Uncomfortable at all. No bright and visible pictograms. Too small, pallid and slim font of messages. Impossible to submit text by  enter. Impossible to magnify fotos of encounters (fixed 24.08). Does not show smiles. Too small main control button and very uncomfortable its location. Too small faces of nearby people. Very often it requires Internet, when  we got  it for sure.I  bet the author does not use Badoo himself !
U have to pay to do anything and only trannys go on here so unistalling
Pretty pointless apply unless you're willing to pay them. I have a few people who like me but unless I pay, I can't see who, so this goes for the people I like too. Bit of a dead end app really and not going to last long.... Jack'd is much better than this crap!... I'm out!
Would not allow  me to connect....insist im offline when im trying to log in.  How can i be offline when trying to connect?  Please fix connectivity issue.
Now you have to pay for almost every feature... Down to 2 star... Limit on how many you can contact too? Down to 1... Fail!
Old badoo signed me in fast now this saids please wait n never signs me in its said offline mode idk why am on wifi n I have good signal old one is way better
Absolute rubbish, near to useless since last update
Absolute rubbish, near to useless since last update
It sucks don't have anything n just wasting our money..
Since latest update completely useless
Still saying not connected you're in offline mode! Please fix this its really frustrating!
But way too many trannies posing as women!
The update sucks i cant even look at girls outside my state and if i want to look at girls outside my state i have to pay before i didnt the update sucks.
Does not recognize my wifi or 4G. A.k.a. this app sucks major balls!
This app is complete junk.. 99% of the girls on here are fake! And the dam thing dont work half the time!!
Old badoo was way better
Boring n no typpa featurez
The is the classic "if it's not broke then don't fix it". The old version was fine. Just needed a few bug fixes. This new version seems to be the trend now. It seems to be a copycat interface of Tagged and Scout. Both of which are no good, so don't spend your money on them. Add Badoo to the crappy list of apps
This sucks and mislead people into thinking its free when it's not people watch what u do with these apps, they are very misleading, it deserves no stars for it's ratings
Bad and bad Slow and slow
Can't filter by city no more!! Could on the previous version.
Very slow loading, poo ! worse than the previous version
It actually worked instead of telling me I'm offline when im not...
/DJS/ Badoo can read and write txt msgs!  Why does it need access to all of my contacts?  Also, why does it need to modify my WiFi and Bluetooth?  Unacceptable!
Does not recognise the wifi connection. Other apps working fine
Its been saying "server overload, try again in 5 minutes" for days now.
Never connected since the last update...would give zero star if possible. Uninstalling straight away
Completely unusable after last updates. Saying something about offline mode, while either 3g and wifi is completely ok in other apps.
WTF??  Keeps telling me No internet connection when everything else works...  worst update ever.. will uninstall if not fixed, no point if unusable..
Recently updated to new version. Always saying no internet connection even on wifi! Takes ages to load messages now. Sort it out. Tempted to uninstall for good
What a joke
Since the new update phone keeps on crashing and constantly tell's me I am off line when all other apps are work fine.
Ppl dont sign out you will never get back in... I heard so much about this app but its a failure!! My old school nokia loads up faster then this app.. even the games on a 64 are quicker. Lol thumbs down folks.
I use to think so highly of badoo being one of my favorite socialising apps... But now it's just an epic fail. Always tells me I have no Internet connection even when I clearly do and less and less people seen to use it in my area now. Rage uninstall!!!
great! awesome app!
Just give us old app! U screw everything with this! I have to wait about 10 minutes to open my messages with 10 mbit/s connection! And u think that's normal? I would give u 0 stars if i could!
Not the very best.  Old version was wayyyy better...  :/
Its okay
Badoo is worthless. No one keeps it real its creepy
I found the app wasn't exciting to use at all. No matter how many people I contacted, I got no responses. Nor did anyone contact me. I believe the popularity should have no bearing on how many people local to you, can see you.
You can not delete photos or safely delete the profile content, and the so called "help" section goes nowhere when you click on topics! Frustrating!
New interface sucks. Can no longer look at favorite profiles (unless you pay) and constantly says no internet connection. Uninstalling.
I HAVE TO PAY JUST TO MESSAGE lost all stars due to that
Was 5 stars, but after the last update, still annoying me with the offline notification. Now I will give only 1¾ star. I don't like this new badoo. :-(
Unable to connect to the internet.... wtf!?
It sucks says  I'm off line all the time. It's soooo annoying. Please fix.
I hooked it up linking It to fb account password... It's trash full of weirdos. IT WON'T DELETE
Keeps saying I'm offline. Useless
Always says no internet connection, using in offline mode. Uninstall
Fix the "offline" thing won't loaf msgs or anything ...evrything worked better be4 all the unnessesary updates :/
Update is horrible, was better in the older version. Also it's so annoying that you can't send more than two messages to anyone unless they respond as many people don't check their messages so frequently. Anyway if anyone annoying there is an option to block them so why only two messages!!!!!  Also superpowers is just to get money.
With the last update they made it look like Facebook app and ended up incredibly slow, barely usable now! It take ages to read messages.if they don't fix that, don't get this app.galaxy s2
Bad
DO NOT DOWNLOAD! EVERY UPDATE THEY FIND A NEW WAY TO TRY SCREW YOU OUT OF YOUR MONEY! Now you have to pay to send more than 5 messages a day its ridiculous!!!!
Always losing connection and app saying offline, when it does connect is really slow
why is it so messed up and slow
It seems I always see the the same hoes.'
This new version of the app sucks... Constantly says i am off line when i am clearly not.... Sort it out quick....
Can't even get online.
Heyyy...i cant use this app after updating to new version....plss fix it...	I m downgrading my rating from 5star to 1 star. After I update it....the new version is impossible to use...it suckssss..... Plsss badoo guys....fix it
It gets hung everytime i open the app
Totally cool app.
Would be good if i can use online I only put a star cause I had to
Gave 1 star because I can't give zero :( had to uninstall as it never connected to the internet via 3G or wifi :(
Very good to meet people and make friends
U PPL FUCKED UP A GOOD CHAT LINE NOW OFF LINE MODE CNT LOG IN NEW UPDATES SUCK N GOTTA PAY TO SEE OUTSIDE AREA N TO MANY PROFILES OF GIRL WHO LEFT N ARE NEVER ON GO BACK TO OLD EASY WAY NO STARS N FUN UNINSTALL EVERYONE GO TO MIU MEET OR POF BOTH TOTALY FREE YES FREE N EASY LOTS OF DATES IN HALF HOUR BEST TO LINES FREE
If I could rate this with negative stars I would.. It's like a kiddy site.. Most of the ppl on here are lifeless losers, kids, or old as dirt. Badoo removed a lot of my photos and said they were "inappropriate" because it was a screenshot of some "damnyouautocorrect" funny photos.. They had a problem with the sexual humor I guess... But I don't see what the big deal is if we're all adults, right?
Don't like this version. Reinstalled old version. Used Google to find it, have all the features back :)
Please fix it loaded way to slow
I am removing this because for the last few weeks it wont connect to the internet even though there is a good connection.
This app is rubbish keeps saying I'm off line free app ha ha cannot  delete photos when I upload from encounters old app was a lot better
I am a bit confused about behaviour of this app. It allowed me to sign in, downloaded pictures from Facebook and decided I am offline. This way it's useless.
To many retards posting pictures of pro models just to have a laugh.
Loads of deleted members photos left on show -
Well i suppose thats how om able to give your app one star right now cuz i have no internet.
To many limits, obligates one to buy upgrade. While aps like skout & tagged are totaly free, no buying upgrade, no limitations. 5 star if u lighten up...EDIT wtf,, ever since the new update the app is now useless. I keep getting "no internet, offline mode" warning even on wifi. Fix or revert to the previous format.
Fino para bellakiar esto es lo mejor q han echo
New update feels slow, gets stuck on photos while scrolling...  Offline mode...  And the theme is ugly as f*** i liked the old one better,  sleek easy to use n barely any bugs... Bring it back cuz this one blows...
la aplicasion no trabaja como antes me dice que estoy offline por favor arreglen el problema
Always crashes, makes a really slow connection, logs out all the time, doesn't notify about new messages and keeps saying "no connection" even if you restart your phone...... you can never be sure which members are really online and messages never send  Sprint LG Optimus Android on Unlimited Everything Data Plan...
I don't like the new style
I would rate 5 star before recent changes & update ... crystal it looks worse than before ... Now it looks ugly  it freezes crashes and so on ...  This is my first negative comment ever about any app and I use them alot ...  Fix it!!!!!
Not worth the one i gave when it keep saying no internet connection
It was working great before the update now everything either freezes or you have to pay for it this is pointless and honestly can be way better than what it is now. Please fix it.
If it's free it's free quit trying to charge for something site is just ok
Another app to suck your wallet dry. If you don't pay you can't do anything. Thumb down.
Takes ages to load and keeps saying I'm offline when I'm not
Utter s***e since the update.  I used to like this app, but its garbage now. Whoever implemented this update needs sacking..
Nit very quick, the connection is very poor even when my internet is on.
Ever since the update, it rarely has network connection regardless if it's on wifi or 4g
Rubbish..dont waste ur time all they want is money from u and u dont geti to talk to anyone..FAKE.
Used to work fine, but the update has ruined the whole experience. So slow its almost unusable. Galaxy Nexus, ICS.
I have internet conection but it says i dont. Lammmme
Error no internet connection
Slow pictures deleted constantly takes ages to connect need i go on?
Bad bad bad dogs
Waste of time ..
I can't chat or di anything bcoz it alwalys says that "no internet conected",but actually my phone is always connected with wifi and can play internet.So I rated it just 1.
Setup was horrible, location had me in a different state and couldn't change it. Overall not worth it.
New version is Crap
After last update with new interface its almost impossible to use it. very slow.
Wow money needed everywhere.. Biggest let down... Not gonna use it..
Was good till the update , now it keeps telling me im off line with my wifi on . The interface is rubbish since update aswell . 1 star , sorry badoo update is rubbish . Sony arc s
Using in offline mode... Sucks
It sucks after last update
Never pay them. Greedy application. And connection problems.
This website is full of scammers dont use it. Woman are paid to write emails bullshitting you n making you waste money for nothing
Do please fix this issue. It is getting annoying. Tq
wont work with galaxsy s2.
Kicks u out to much than     ussually EVEN NOW U R DOING IT  thats why I Lowered ratings  was  a 5  star ,, this happens every other timeNow
There are other ACTUALLY free sites out there, this is a demonstration oof information bias. Keep an app free and it will eventually expand to the point that it surpasses even the app names we know best. I wouldn't mind pop-ups if I wasn't asked to buy superpowers. One-starred. Thank you!
Still the same problem with connection
very buggy nd very slow this update suxs bigtime am most displeased, wow this app doesnt deserve even 1 star totall nd complete garbage what kind of markting stragey is this i want a refund,garbaged..... dont dwnload till they fix if ever nd most defently dont give these assholes one penny till they do!!
I gave the app the two days test n its garbage so uninstalling.... My mobile browser is much better.  Good luck with this app
With full 3and 4G still says I'm offline, even when I'm at home on WiFi get it together guys! And what's this about only having limited choises? Really?
No internet connectionconnection
Fix the problems
i rated 1 star only coz i cant  e online how come alwy no internet connection so upset plss fixes otherwise ill unstalling!!!!!!!
Keeps saying no internet connection but all other apps connect. Tried both WiFi and 3g, neither work
This new versions of badoo sucks it stays in offline mode and it takes hours to get your messages and to chat to people.
Since the recent update the search nearby takes too much time to load, if it ever loads. Please fix!
Sort it out. It did work fine. What are you ppl doing? Cleared app cache/data doesn't help.
Just installed it,was working for about 10 mins now says have no internet connection
ready to uninstall..app creators are getting too greedy when they want to charge for everything..as oppose to having annoying ads make your money..damned if you don't, damned if you do.
Last few updates have given the app a better look, but  horrible user experience
Must be losing so many people due to not being able to get online
I hate this app! Makes my phone freeze & go slow. Works better on the computer
Use to be 5 stars now only 1 cuz you can't see peoples profiles anymore without paying
Always saying no internet connection even though I have
Used to be good but now is just way too slow! I'll wait a week and uninstall if issues not corrected.
Can't even use it, in keep getting the no internet connection crap -.-
This site always has difficulty condition to WiFi or mobile internet so not much use seeing everything offline
App is crap. So much slower than the mobile website.
After the last update, the app is slower then ever. It always put me in offline mode for quite a while and have to wait until I'm online.
App won't load w/o an internet connection now and I'm in 4g...when fixed a better rating will follow...
after last update, functionality is not good anymore and some functions just are not availalble anymore! Filter doesnt work at all even after updates. Go back to old version functionality and get 5stars again.
Can u change new interface sliding to old one, the app is turning from good to bad now, no easy navigation at all can't block people, and does not detect near by users by filters I m guy and my filter is to see girls near by but it detects guys as well even when the tick box is unchecked
Another update that fails big time. Site visitors are now in a variety of different places, depending if they've visited previously or not so are almost impossible to find. Unable to see who's decided what in Encounters. I'm being generous with awarding 1 star. Whoever developed this needs to go back to making the coffee or seek an alternative career. Re 2.0.7 what happened to 2.0.6? Milk & 2 sugars please, and chuck in a biscuit. Please bring back the one I had 2 weeks ago! And why am I now getting men in my search when I'm heterosexual?? SORT IT OUT!!
App was ok before update. Now you have to pay to view a profile. BS. Uninstall.
We cannot copy any image if we like or need that so plz fix it  Still online and offline issue not resolved so plz instruct ur development department to fix.it as well in order to gives you 5 star
Its a good app. But they should of left it the way it was now its hard to delete messages
It sucks after the update doesnt even loads contacts
the new ui looks great amd all. problem is it always freezes now after a minute or 2 of use. the older style was a lot smoother to use and didnt freeze or lock up as much. Get this fixed now.
Why is it always give me a notification that I don't have internet connection? While Im browsing fine . . Sucks
dont like it, no conection link
Used to be good, now they just hungry for money
Keeps saying no data/internet connection
Was so much better before recent updates. Now it is a bit gash. Pay to look at a profile? On your bike badoo.
Last update so bad ;/
This app works sometimes. And having to pay to see the people who would like to meet you is a ripp. Super powers? Really? Come on man!
Its not worth payin 9.99 a month
You can only message about 10ppl then you have to pay, this some BS
I like the old version better
Bad. Cost to chat
Wont let me sigh up
It was great the new update is awwwful u can't block ppl.. the setting isn't good its too slow.. love the old one with the black theme.. change it
Money greedy
Blocking seems to have disappeared. Filters don't filter enough. I want to be able to find what I'm looking for & there's no way to do that with this.
Please roll back!!! This new update realy suckzzzz!!!!
Fake facebook layout sucks!! Cant change my location app is slow notifications are slow. And why do I have to pay to see more people? if this is an upgrade i'll gladly down grade for last weeks ui!
why does it always say im offline? 1st it was superficial women and now it takes a few tries just 2 retrive notes or look at profiles of the person who sent the note...can we keep the look but go back 2 the older version that worked great?
Bs site wants your $
Every updates bring more issues.  Conversation doesn't update, late notifications ...
Always said i dont have an internet connection please fix that problem a soon as possible .
This has so many bugs its say im operating badoo offline even while im in 4G this really sucks
Were
Superficial women, fake people, worthless...especially because I'm a genuine dude
you have to pay for everything that f****** sucks
Comon i cannot load any profile pic it became so slow and not helpful.. poor interface. Worst update from badoo
Great app but I keep getting kicked off. Please fix it :( plus it doesn't load
They try to make you pay for pretty much everything , buy super powers for this or super powers for that , not to mention the prices if you were actually mad enough to buy it are way way too expensive , a very limited app and a pure rip off !
Long story cut short, this app has had a make over to look like the iPhone menu. Grey silver dull buttons n colours. you can no longer chat to popular people unless you pay for super powers. It does not show entire country anymore. Only shows your city. That's lame because it's nice to meet people from different backgrounds of life. The app is very poor now. The interface is just too iPhone like n it looks like any other typical dating site app now. Badoo has lost it's.mojo, nothing special about it anymore
You guys really messed up badoo
Stays offline plz fix
Please fix that problem. I appear offline and to have connection i need to shut down and turn on my galaxy
Sucks
Awful update has ruined this app, don't update whatever you do, uninstalled. Takes a bloody age to find net connection every time you open it
I dnt like it i do not see my messanqe!
Mantaapp, nice appz
They're trying to put to much into a small place....can't tell if anyone's online...junk
It sucks so much after update, it takes freaking ages to load people/messeges/visitors. I want old style back, or fix this one. I wish i could rate it -1 star !!!
Yea, i met some bitches and got laid...
Cant even look at profiles all u can do if like or not..... lame,  waste of space
Crap since update
Badoo,you ain't gonna get 5 stars. EVER. Interface is a bandwidth hog since the main screen is just a mosaic of random faces. You have to play this game of blind dating chicken just to get to know anyone is compatible. I DONT like ghetto chicks. Quit front and centering them just because my skin is dark. And frankly, I just don't need another shi##y social app spamming my email. Eff'n die. >:(
This nw update is realy waste of tim, im going to unstalled this app . N lik to giv 1 star rating to ths nw update app
This app was half way decent before all the recent updates! Only problem used to be was kilomter-mile issue. Now, it constantly says I am in offline mode yet all of my other apps don't???? And we can't forget the constant need to force stop due to no response when I try to refresh a conversation. I would not dare think of buying super powers haha NOT cos app is super trash!! I see others agree since supposed UPdates app has went DOWN
Go back to the way it was
Can't even delate your profile. Total scam.
Badoo needs to let the users determine if they are compatible with whom ever the profile they're looking at and also we should NOT! have to pay any MONEY! just to view someone's profile or to chat! When these issues are corrected, then I'll give it a better rating, for now, a one star.
Terrible update. Can't connect at all now. And when it does it looses a lot of conversations... Please go back to the old version,  which I really like. I'm using the Web version instead meanwhile...
This shouldnt even deserve a star bc non of my messages have been read or out of every person on here just cant read the messages im paying monthly for a app that should be working
Great site, but the features you have to pay for isn't worth it.
Can't even install poo
Just says offline all the time no Good anymore used to be good but change it so you can't use it not sure why
Go back to the old version lot better
This new badoo sucks
They r jus makin fun with these...
ever since i updated badoo it has become very slow. it keep sayin no internet connection.. badoo was much better a few weeks ago. stop updatin badoo and pre-date it...
Never connects and the design is just ugly,0/10.
I can't use it at all unless I have good WiFi service!!! Wtf kinda update completely ruins an app??? If this isn't fixed soon I'm deleting it!! Doesn't even deserve the one star I gave it....
from bad to ..it sucks.couldnt find half star reluctactly gave 1
This is bad wants money for everything at least we should see who wants to meet with us free
Pile of C*rap. Yet another app dev that does Not test what they push to our phones.  The app/service is gets worse & worse. A lot of fake profiles to!
Can't retrieve users profile in less than 2 minutes, same for conversations, everything has become so slow... And accordingly ugly and why is the shortcut giving the number of messages not leading to the message menu instead of leading to the main menu? Loss of time everywhere. The older had to be improved.. The New has to be re thought.... and developed by pros, not by trainees during the summer boot camp at cheapeyah lake...  Running desire cm7
Use to love it. Now I HATE THIS APP I WONT ALLOW U TO DELETE UR PROFILE... SOMEONE PLEASE HELP!!!!!!
Droid Bionic....just installed this and it worked for a few seconds. Now it constantly says I'm working offline and won't do anything. They need to fix it.
it was good then it went bad. the connection is poor. you can only message 5 a day and most people you need to pay to message. stush bitches.
Can't do or see anything as apparently i m in offline mode!!!
This new app sucks need old app back
Ever heard of.... If it ain't broke don't fix it. Can worms opened! Epic fail guys
It Keeps saying No Internet connection . I have connection!!!!!  Won't load anything!!!
that is so slow, and it never lost online ever since the update, fix the bugs stop wasting everybody's time
Msg deliver vry late..al time sayin limit reached pay money..
I can't read any messages because the app thinks Im offline all the time. Can you please fix this!
Total cock blocker by limiting the messages
The latest update is fail... Now i have to go back to the previous version. Thanks God coz i have TB
Nothing loads
...oh f**k off - im sorry to use such words but previously you've let us see the profiles of ppl we want to meet. At least let us send them a message. Now you disabled that unless you pay a monthly subscription. GO TO HELL. You didn't even give me my payed 100 credits. I really hate your service. Putt ads on this app so we can have some essential stuff for free,Jesus Christ!!! P.s.: someone said you made a crappy update on purpose to force ppl to use the website - is this true???
Since the update badoo is rubbish. Doesn't work at all!!! SORT it out!!! You can see all the complaints!!! Me and a couple of guys where arranging meeting up and now we cannot communicate properly!!!
This new update sucks!!!
It keeps getting stuck in offline mode forcing me to uninstall, then reinstall.
I use this app all day every day but the new update is the worst thing they could have done,the old interface was unique and simple the new one is overplayed. Plus you can't zoom on pictures or even worst see the time when someone visits your profile IT SUCKS TIMES TEN, PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD INTERFACE.  I was getting the word out about how great this app was and I was even considering sharing it with my 600 Facebook friends but this new updated ruind the chances of that ever happening
I use this app all day every day but the new update is the worst thing they could have done,the old interface was unique and simple the new one is overplayed. Plus you can't zoom on pictures or even worst see the time when someone visits your profile IT SUCKS TIMES TEN, PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD INTERFACE.  I was getting the word out about how great this app was and I was even considering sharing it with my 600 Facebook friends but this new updated ruind the chances of that ever happening
I honestly wouldn't even credit this application 1 star, firstly, the application is so unstable and unusable. It freezes, and won't load messages or anything. It's unbelievably slow, sluggish and simply unusable. You've taken what was a perfectly stable, usable application which would have got 5 stars, and upgraded it to something that's horrendously bad. Also, why are you making more features that where free on the previous option now chargeable?? Just to search for people nearby you have to pay money!
Is not working !!!!!!!!!!!
Really sucks can't even delete my account. I used to like this site but now just says I'm in offline mode
It always says No Internet Connection in Offline Mode. Please work on this A S A P
Before updating was much much better.n after updating I m thinking 2 uninstall this app.it sucks.
Before updating was much much better.n after updating I m thinking 2 uninstall this app.it sucks.
Updare is terrible, can't filter to other parts of the world, says Im offline, you ruined a good thing
What is this new update?? Keeps saying I'm offline & now charges to view like list from Encounters? Get it together. This is a mess! I don't even want to use it anymore. I would put no stars if I could.
You cannot change your location and meet people in other cities or countries used to be a unique layout now look more like facebook epic fail just de-registered my super powers...
I hate the update and the fact I can't change my location
Cannot find removal of my account link.
If I could give this a zero I would Motorola Photon
get more problem again when 2 login..
Stays offline..wont connect to internet. If not fixed fast, ill quit paying for this crap!
Too many permissions
Suck
The update was sooooo pointless...developer...u need to go back to the drawing board and just start over.
How can you ruin a perfectly good app. I guess this is how...:0(  If not fixed soon I'm deleting.  This only gets the one star because I can't post with zero stars.
Says offline abd wont log in.
Offline all the time........ doesn't even work anymore!
Used to be very good but since the update it is constantly telling me i have no internet connection, but my other social networking apps like twitter, tagged... Are all fine
What happened to Badoo?
Slow, stuff cost more, and is harder to work :-( very poor
Crap app, doesn't even load photos  or let you do anything..says you have no internet when you do..seriously crap and very very poor quality
Very, very, very, very slow....
Why u guys try fix it if its not broken..
The last updates have been horrible. I can barely send a message. It doesn't go through because the app claims I'm offline when I know for a fact that I have connectivity; whether mobile or wifi. I don't like that I can no longer see on "encounters" whom I want to "meet." On the other hand, I do like the new look a little, though I like how the previous design had color and was easier to navigate. Also, the previous version had a key on my keyboard which I could quickly put in an emoticon. I want it back!!!
Now that I have updated, it keeps saying am offline... Com'on guys, fix it!!
Server is all overloaded!! :-(
After upgrade search area is restricted to current location very bad very slow while loading photos
yg ramai cuma pempuan sundal & keling paria je dlm ni. syial
Latest 2 updates suck big time
Is very poor!
buggy always miss people I like and it is very frustrating
The last update is not working.I suggest to fix and dont do other upgrade I think your developer are not so good.Back to 3 previous version..it will be better
Slow to load up and wants you to pay for almost everything.. Pof app is better!
after the update i cannot c any profile!!! plzzz fix it
sucks big-time
Messages disappear but still uses up your credit lame ripoff
What happened? Bad update!!!
Bring back the apk that was online 2 weeks ago! The only way that will work!
I would prefer the version I had last week. Always seems to be in offline mode and really hard to get a connection. Have no idea who said yes or maybe. Really not happy with the updated version. I'm going to uninstall the app soon as I don't think the update is user friendly or indeed worth the hassle
Somehow I can not login anymore after the update and now I get the message 'server overloaded, try again in 5 minutes'. wtf??!?!
New update sucks. Please fix!!!!
after updating badoo, i do not see any images in my galaxy s2, neither in people nearby nor in encounters
Very slow and you have to pay for  everything you basicly do.
Hello
Barely works at all now! Either that or the mobile servers are overloaded or something!
...sucks ! It says im offline and wont let me get into my msgs because of this. Please fix :(
It keeps crashing
Pls go to previous version. Now it takes ages to refresh. Messages always gets stuck. Not working. Sgs3
Sucks
Now that y'all did the new update it Keeps Saying That I Am Using Badoo Offline!! PLZ FIX THIS SUCKS.
Before the update badoo was a great app.... After the last update... Worthless, I m in offline mode all the time eventhough I have internet access..
Should be totally free with ads tho
Not very good, it just doesn't work anymore since the latest update 16/8/12
Not very good, it just doesn't work anymore since the latest update 16/8/12
Please bring back the older version, this version is very poor...Why cant u see the last time or date of when a person was online? :'(
Does not work since update!!! No page loads!!
Does not work since update!!! No page loads!!
Nice
New update is very poor.... Just doesn't work
The new update looks smarter but the device goes offline even though its not! You cant resize photos or copy text anymore! Loading is slower! I go into messages its offline! Really frustating & unfortunatly a waste because it has a good feel about it but for now its pants!
It always says no internet connection ur running in offline mode it sucks
Impossible size photo(it was possible ln old version)! why? Impossible seen full history of messages. Why? Impossible seen when users was online. Why?
Its OK till you really want to get to know a lot of people. Then they make you pay. And why does it update everyday??
I meet a guy on here we talked for a month, we meet up for a drink an he followed me home an robbed me!
You guys completely F'd this app up with your update. WEAK AF!!!!
I rather the older version.. The new one freezes and is slow the bugs isnt fix
Great idea poor implementation. Spend most of the time waiting for stuff to load that never does, and almost impossible to find out more about users without paying.
I despise the recent upgrade, is there a way to get the old BADOO set up back? I hope you plan to tweak the newest update because now it does not tell me how long ago someone visited my profile! Grrr!!
The updated version don't support certain locations
Why does it update everyday? Everyday everyday ??????
EVERYTHING TAKES TOOOO LONG TO START! !!
New update permanently says I'm in offline mode, funny that as I've managed to leave this comment.
This app went from bad to worst everytime i try to use it it always says i'm offline that i don't have internet connection that sucks and u can't even have more than 20 conversations that makes it suck even more do not download this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Constantly says there is no network even though all other apps communicate fine. Have to force it to stop. Also takes ages to load pages and combos, even empty ones.
Lately itt seems next to impossible to find people in my area that have been online  in the last few months. Search locally needs to be fixed badly
After update.. it doesnt load anything.. neither msg nor people nearby nor encounters nor profile.. what the heck.. its become useless for me.. hell yeah..
It would be better if you can talk to everyone ,just because there popular you cant message them its stupid pof and skout were so much better.ready to delete and not recoomended
Why do i need to pay to talk to people, adds is not enugh?
Search People By Location still Crashes the app!
Logo looks like beats audio they should find her own logo instead of ripping off somebody elses
Crushes every time when input location!!!! Plz fix it. How can I give less then 1 star?
This new update s sad news for free users. Cant chat with online people!!!
Nice.
Messege can't open & filter for people around crach when change place
The new version sucks...plz bring back the old one!!!!!  You cant do half the things u could do with the old!!!!
Stupet
Bullshit
charge for everything. Just sell the app already!!
It is so slow. New version is so bad. Please change it to the old version.
Can't use a credit card for super powers.  I always get and internal error msg.  It would be nice if their profile showed the last time they logged in as well.
Please return the old version. First of all I cant open anything, profiles, chats.... And please return option to change search location!  it does look better I cant open ANYTHING
Not only now is it impossible to navigate correctly but now it won't even load up my chats. And has even forced close several times. Fix please!
The update has made this app so poor.
Since new layout was updated keep getting no internet connection message even on Wi-Fi. Bring back the old layout was so much better AND IT WORKED !!
Just installed, and I can't login with facebook nor with standard account, it says no internet connection but everything works except badoo. Crap. Uninstall.
Jetzt nach dem neuen update funkioniert fast gar nix mehr....man kann keine leute au anderen umgebungen suchen und auch nich mehr das alter verändern nach den personen die man such!!!!!!!!!!
This app is absolutely rubbish. Any new update just wrecks it more and more. What is it with the new offline mode that doesnt even go online for a second. Waste of space on phone rather play tetris!!!!
The previous version was,so much better, this one sucks. Change back.
Not so useful anymore..wit d new UI it just gets worse..now when u search by location it just force close..
The new version sucks a$$!!
Sux
Hate new update
Please do a downgrade or fix this one...It's really bad
Can't see the people "that you like"  Bring back the old version
Badoo use to be great until this update I hate it unstall
Pleeeeease  can you put it back to last update ,it doesn't let you block  perverts .!!!
Sucks says in off line mode wont let u do any thingthing
Update runied it
It always says im in offline mode and wont let me look at my messages old version was alot better!!
The new version is horrible
You have to pay to message over a certain amount of people... This app has potential but greed got in the way
Eversince last update it says I have no internet connection and I DO. I can't use it.
Too much involved with
There you go, I gave you a review you bloody greedy pigs
It says: 'Application cannot be installed in the default install location', but after reading past reviews from users I'm happy with that :) Just expecting some explanations or reasons 'Why?', because don't have time looking through geek sites.
The old update was way better! This is utter rubbish. Now you can't search abroad n you have to pay for almost everything. Bad move badoo
Making it harder to find someone
You can fine any one close to your area you can have fun with others love it
I am using a Samsung Galaxy S2. In the latest update, searching for friends based on location doesn't work. The app shuts down unexpectedly every time I try to use that option
It's harder to use and the interface sucks. Also, thanks for charging for previously free stuff.
I hate this new layout there was no need for a change
Pre update (2.03 and earlier) it was fine, never had any issue. Update to 2.04 and latest 2.05 are rubbish! Keeps crashing and saying no internet when i know i have internet. Haven't changed where/when/how i use it but all of a sudden it just doesn't work like it used to i.e. Pre update. Is there no way i can downgrade back to 2.03 or something? Otherwise I'll have to ditch the app!
It won't let me change my profile picture!!!!! It sucks -.-
GUI of new version is cool but its keep on crashing whenever i change anything in people nearby filter....rating 1 star now.
Woz good till the new update now think Il b deleting
the previous version was way better than this version!! please return the previous version. i cannot enjoy the badoo anymore.
Theres no longer a block or report abuse options wtf? Now i gotta deal with the stalkers and psycho guys that wont get no for an answer!! :/..The pics are smaller... It freezes a lot... The older version was waaaaay better :( it just sucks plus the UI is slow
First of all this app is totally useless unless u pay.  Im fine with paying a flat fee for a good service, but even afer u pay once, they want to charge u individually for EVERYTHING u try to do. They nickel n dime u to death. They also want to automatically bill u after u join. Expensive waste of time...stay away!
Previous version was much better then this new version we can not copy any text now before you were able to copy text and translate it but now it doesnt work and also Can not search for any other cities becausw now it is showing only 1 city please fix it as soon as possible im using badoo frm 2 years and today it really disappointed me for the first time i realize if its the sane like that i will leave using badoo
The old one u can type anywhere and it was better but this new one really sucks. Take this app out
Constantly saying NO connection when I have and can access other apps! Bring back old version!!!
LATEST UPDATE-TRASH. DO NOT DOWNLOAD! If you've already downloaded, uninstall and go to APTOIDE on the web. There you can download the previous version 1.14.0 again. They have all the older versions there. That's how I got mine back. And now I'm super happy again. Make sure your phone is not set to auto update the app. That's what happened to me.the new version has SO MANY problems its worthless now.they really messed up big time with this latest update!
Sometimes trouble with connection.
Ok
No Internet connection to Badoo. What's wrong?
I like the old one not the upgrade dont pay for this boycott the payment part. Screw the new version!!!!
After happily using Badoo for over three years, the new interface has me considering ending my account completely. Since update, my phone regularly crashes! New system refuses to recognize my 3G, 4G or wifi connections...leaving me to bring forced to abandon the app and use my internet browser. What was once good and easy is now horrid!
Sucks now go back to the way it was
Old version was better. This aint bad. U can still meet people without paying for advanced services.
Some real people, most r fake
BRING THE OLD VERSION BACK!!!!
Horrible, change it back!
This app was ruin after the last update.
So stop ask me to do this I did it you happy now it is not working right
Stuck n offline mode all the time...app was better b4 the update
I don't have a problem with the UI, my problem lies with the fact you can't even see a profile without being presented with the usual expensive as hell deal. There are far better and free services out there.
Well good song!what now?
Don't know what you all did to this app, but it sucks. Wi-Fi connection and full bandwidth and can't even connect, can't even connect with my 4G phone service now.
Hate the update can't change pic or anything
How do they NOT let you search out of your immediate area? I cant even meet people in the NEXT TOWN!! You cant delete old favs either...
after the new update I can log in :(
It sucks the big one I'm not going to pay a thing to chat that's ludicrous	If  they make people pay the rate of people geting on the app will suffer but that's notKool  cuz the people will fine the free all the way app to give there time to we already  pay too much for the phone,lap top etc y do they think It's ok to make is pay more I quit being on here because  I'm not cheap  but dam pay to talk ya right if u do your a dummy
Thumbs down ugh wish i hadnt update
Not interactive too slow
Can't understand this,it says you have no more credits then says you have to wait 2 hours,after 2 hours you send 1 message then have to wait again unless you pay for more
I had the old one and loved it. This is bull....why are you trying to get me to pay for what I did get for free? Please get rid of that part. I would give it 5 stars but this is crap! Do you know why Google and FaceBook are so huge now and rule networking?  One word...FREE....please bring it back the way it was. Thank you
Badoo did have a nice interface and was reliable on the phone. Latest version is crap though. Messy interface, unreliable connection and a complete change to before. Wish I had not updated. Will be sticking with the desktop version unless it is reverted
Saying I have "no internet connection" when I do. I have reset my phone and it still doesn't work. This has never happened before the update.
the old version morrre better the new version
I loved the original set up of badoo. The new update sucks!! You don't know how long ago your profile was visited,the physical appearance of the site looks all to familiar... You lost your originality. The site has become a hassle instead of a fun easy way to meet new people. I often find myself confused when using it. Please go back to your original layout
This is a ok app. As long as it stays free. Update it not free anymore and the lack of good Looking people in area fails
Most of the profile are fake!
U gotta pay money to access certain features now
This new update SUCKS!  The old version was better
What happen? Why is the layout like this? It is f**king confusing. Now we are paying for features? Get a grip Badoo. Stick to simplicity and you will be fine. Also please fix the bugs it takes an enrernity to load and the same pictures keeps popping up when you like. Please Badoo do better than this!!!!!!!
This app was pretty good before they updated it to look like n feel like Facebook should of left it alone o well it sucks now
Scam.
After update all the time says no internet connection even when the connection is working perfectly for all other apps.
Can be very slow, but main problem is keeps saying NO INTERNET CONNECTION currently using badoo in offline mode. Very annoying, if problem persists will have to uninstall app.
It always says that I don't have internet connection when I have signal!!!! GRRRR
I had an old account for months and it wouldn't let me access the account and I had to do a new one I had pictures and everything potential dates etc .... sucks
The new update is a crap, it says "theres not connection, you're using badoo offline". The old version was wayyyy better.
Cant change the search location Suck
Total nonsense. Converted to paid service. Useless
The new1 so horroble...down!!back old or improve the site plz!!!down down..
Change the format back.
Latest update is terrible. Functionality has gone and UI is overly complicated and cluttered. Bring back older version please
The new update is retarded. now you must pay to see people. And apparently it always shoes me as if I was offline. Deleting.
What a bad update, no more able to see and talk to people we like, no more able to zoom pics, and dont rate 5 stars if u dont like!!
Sucks new layout sucks
Give my old badoo app back!:(
Update sucks
this new version is so bad, the old version was 100 times better
Poor!!! The new update is really bad!!!
It's only ok, I believe a lot of the profiles are created and not real people.
This suckssss asss I hate it
Utter rubbish! Don't bother
Badoo Mobile used to be where you meet people around the world,but with the recent update,everything sucks!
My hubby used this app to cheat on me.
Was an ok version (better than website) before the latest update. It has now been limited in the same way as the website and iOS versions and thereby become useless. Uninstalling.
The update sucks
Wack as hell To many disrespectful men
This app really sucks now.....nice going on ruining what use to be an awesome app
Every thing was free untill the update now they want ya to pay for it so im going back to moco space this i a waste of time and space on mu phone DONT INSTALL ITS NOT FREE
Dont waste your time!!!
Go back
this app sucks . the version they should of never changed it . and now u have too pay for some features that were free before
The new badoo is not good go back to old one from last week
this app can't download in my Samsung galaxy fit...
The old setup was way
awesomeee app
The updated badoo does allow to travel to diferent countries it limits it sucks sorry really a set back
The new upgrade sucks. They want extra money for speaking to people
Hate the new update It's awful :(
Bull crap.. Now you have to pay to view the same people.. Terrible!!
New App Sucks !!!!
The worst update ever please change it back
Wifi or network, it's almost always says I'm in offline mode, even though I access the web and my other chat devices just fine. I pay every week for SuperPowers. If it isn't fixed before next time ot asks for MY money, I refuse to pay and I uninstall this app.
Ruined a decent app.
Its not a gud app at all out don't let you log in at times and also it always hear me offline n dont me it suxs
No search by location, can't search people of my home country now... I am uuninstalling... It was unique and good b4... I ain't buying credits ever again...
Sucks the way it use to be was better
A lot of spam and fake people. Only good if you like prostitution.
Not worth it
New update took away great features. Now it's just like any other dating app. Nothing special here anymore.
It's sucks.
This new version sucks!should of left it how it was!
The last update made this app useless. I am done with this app unless they roll back the last update. Earlier 5 Stars.. Now it is not even worth one Star.
New update has spoilt the whole app!! Take a backstep please badoo
Seriously, no profile = no brains
The old one used to say "No data connection"; now this one is saying "you are using off line", wtf!? This app & site are garbage! Yall need to tighten up, for real! Smdh
This app is a virus....
piece of shite since update!!
Uninstall.
last update killed this app
Ok app, it was a lot better when you didn't have to pay. 1 star down from 5. The appeal was lost with the most recent update.
Cannot search different area after update. Please fix it.
You can only see people who live near by and to show more profiles they charge you, thanks badoo to make this app so useful
Just don't like that u have to pay to chat. U can use facebook etc for all that
The new layout does not work well on a phone (have 4.3" screen). I can't delete multiple favorites or chats at once. Now i have to select them one by one.
The improvement is worse!
I find it boring and gay after the update the old badoo was the best. I have met wit ppl everywhere but now I have to pay to see someone profile thats gay badoo bring back the old one its way better til then im uninstalling the app thanx bye
Can't use over WiFi????? Won't let me add my location, just says I'm always working offline. Waste of time.
The new setup is beyond terrible!!! It was great the way it was before, why the horrific changes??? Furthermore, after reading all the other reviews and seeing there are numerous people who *HATE THE NEW SETUP* maybe you should reconsider your layout and go back to the old one!!! I for one am uninstalling the app!!! Terrible move on your behalf, you had originality and now you are about to lose a great following you once had!!!
I don't like this new version at all. It was much much better before now it sucks. I just go to the mobile badoo website instead of this crap! Never should have changed it. No bueno.
Does not allow u to choose location to meet people in other places after the update. That option should be reinstated. Was better before the update now has restrictions.. U install and use tagged.
The new updated get u back...
The new update never work it tell me no have internet and It's to slow,the new update never works fix,fix,fix
What the f... is this? After update!!! App in offline mode and i can't connect
Before the upgrade 5 stars. After the upgrade Zero stars...
Pics is now not showing everywhere and any profile. This happen after I installed the latest version
After the update, this app is complete crap. It used to be amusing and usable. Its horrid now. Uninstalling.
Many fake profiles plus its more commercial than a social networking place.
it was better before..
I really hate the changes that were made. U cant log out, u cant search in different cities, and u cant delete ur profile??! Oh and it keeps telling me i dont have internet service when my wifi says excellent?!! Boooo boooo badooo! U guys sux now
Pointless app for a pointless site. Badoo is just a place for west African scammers.
This update allow you onky to see ppl in your area.please fix that
Why have u updated and changed it.....I hate it, I think uve made a big mistake with it, was so easy to use and accessible but now you have to pay for everything. I will never recommend again
I like a lot of ppl updated a few days ago and hated the update. Solution? Uninstall then install a previous version. Thats what I did. Much prefer the previous UI. Happy now!!
Sucks!!!!!!
Whatever you do don't update it, they've obviously realized people are using the app to get round paying for super powers and put a stop to it
I once liked this app however since the latest update I honestly think it sucks.....
New interface sucks. I was looking to delete my profile, and but saw that you had removed that option. Very much a dick move
It doesn work properly in my cell phone afte the last upgrade
New update sucks! Now you can't even look for people in another area other than your own; the layout is terrible. & it keeps saying I don't have internet service
What the Hell happened to it?? I can't even open the app now.. uninstalling, What a shame!
Dont bother
NOT FREE....IT cost MONEY for the Girls,i dont even want to get for free,Lol,very costly
I dont like the upgrade   it dont open pics.   U should have left it the way it was. It could be good if u fix the problems.   It wont download the pics . No stars
Just about every action is followed with a hand out begging for money. How can anyone enjoy the service if you're constantly harassed to come out of pocket?
After the new update it keeps telling me I have no Internet connectIon...I'm at home connected to my WiFi...don t work on mobile data either...it's unusable now...update sucks!!!
New interface takes time to get used to. Im not digging the fact that i lost the function to know how long ago someone watched my profile
Worst update ever done. Cant log out so cant stop messages coming through all day and night. This has ruined badoo. Will be deleting profile
The updated version will kill Badoo if they did not change it. I it is very slow, but you cannot change your location now in this new version. Picture takes hours to appear. Please go back to the old version. The
This new app sucks!!!! Time 2 uninstall
All good things always come to an end. Latest update has screwed everything.  U cant search in another area , i guess its time to look at alternatives.
New update sucks balls!!! Now i got to pay to access people that i wanna "meet" terrible update Badoo
I now move from 5 stars to 1 why become like the others when u had a good thing goin. Now thinkin of leaving
Would be five stars if the update didn't mess up what didn't need fixing!  Why do you now have to go over an entire profile to block someone? !?
I really do not understand why you have changed it. Can not even how to lock out. If anyone knows pls Help
The last update is vey bad & not workin very well, i blame my self to make update it, the previous one was better
Old one good..need old one
what a step backwards.  total garbage.  was actually very good before this version.  bye bye badoo
Was 5 star until it became a popularity contest on who spends the most money!!! Why fix something when it's not broke!!! Now it's  uninstalled cause it's hot garbage!!!
Tiny pics, etc. Are the new BAD in Badoo
used to be good but this new version totally sucks.... unistalll for me...
The new update is turd. It looked really good before
Not enough free options. Costs to use extra features
En su última actualización se convirtió en una de las mejores apps para conocer gente. Recomendada.
Im uninstalling this this BAD
The new up grade sucks. Im not getting any messages. Change it please
Worst update ever, I would give it a 0 star rating if I could, I cant even do "want to meet" on nearby people anymore
This new update blows! Change it back like it was before.
Pay by credit card £4.17 a month.. Pay by Google Wallet £4.17 a month.. Pay by mobile £4.50 for 10days.. What a rip off.. Why penalize mobile user's who want to pay using their phones?.. And its oh so slow.. Im deleting if the old version is not made available because of this naff update..  :(
I can't see people I liked, can't change location either...the old one was way better...hope fix this soon..
This set up ducks
please put it back to how it was.... loved the old style ...going to delete it now...
The new update sucks. Hate the new layout and can't even change location. Will be unistalling till it gets fixed, or ill find the old version of the app online.
I hate the new vesion really sucks please back to old one better
It looks like facebook a bit kinda retarted
I don't like it bring the old one back
I HAVE TO PAY NOW . THE UPDATE. SUCKS .  ONE WORD ( UNINSTALL) .  SUCKS BAD
Old one good dont need the new one
Pathetic update
Tha update has made this app kinda suck now
Do not install!!! Its one thing to make us pay for features, its something else entirely to completely trash a working, unique, and authentic program.  You have destroyed it. Under the previous version I would have been willing to pay for features, this horrible unintuitive SKOUT I don't even want it on my phone.  I for one am going to okcupid... Badoo you had something special and you replicated one of the worst dating apps and you didn't even replicate it well, turning into THE worst app.  Absolute trash.
This last update is like the worst mobile version of facebook HAPPENING in Badoo. The look resembles facebook, but it is way slower, does not allow to zoom in on the pictures and trying to reset/refresh is a pain. Plus the feel is like facebook wich is like saying to me "No privacy". I dont even want to deal with it. Before, i liked mobile version 3 times more than the webpage, now I'll say go to the website, remove the app!
Bad move badoo.
The new update kinda makes you pay....bad move Badoo, backup the apk or find a download from online somewhere
Garbage app now nothing more!! Cant zoom pictures now, can't search by location and you are limited to your own city only, pretty much you have to pay for everything now and the app is too slow! You lost a customer badoo.. Uninstalling!
Ever heard the saying if its not broke don't fix it? You killed this app.
Deleted app. Regret the update cos the new version stinks!
Sucks now with the new update!!!!!
it's impossible to use the encounters section because it won't load and it's because it's too complicated now to 1
Uses huge resources and prevents deep sleep. If Tagged, Skout, Whatsapp, Skout and even Facebook can do without huge Wakelocks, why not Badoo? UI design now a blatant Skout copy, up to the blue color scheme. What happened to orange, Badoo??? :-(
I cant change my location!? Thats not cool at all! And I cant delete old unwanted messages in my inbox! Why doesnt this site have these options!? Please fix! Mocospace is way easier chat site to use!
New update officially destroyed this amazing app.
No more smiley's, no more photo zoom, no more fun... :(
The update sucks..can't change location, block or see close up on pics..PLEASE GO BACK TO OLD SETUP!! I don't want to delete app. Love the connections I've made
I deleted a profile months ago.  I created a new one recently and found my old one was still there!  I have contacted support several times with no response back.  Ridiculous!
Suckkkks
Pictures wont load!! Really bad update.
Cannot zoom pictures and no copy/paste in chat anymore. Plus many features have been deactivated and only available for paid users. Downgrading.
This new update sucks it keep saying no internet connection.
Navigation is completely dodgy. It's like an entirely different app, and not a good one. Report button for fake users is gone, and worst of all, it doesn't realize that I'm online. It's always stuck in offline mode. I'm going to uninstall if I don't see a new update in a week.
Bad update
But this update is really awful. Yet another example of breaking something that wasn't broken. The old app looked great & worked well, the new one is now totally ugly and works badly....how is that any kind of improvement? Just hope the website doesn't go the same way. Lookin at all the negative feedback, devs, I hope you're paying attention here?
this is a sex app,met 7 woman already that go al the way on first nite.brill
I agree with many people who left the comment... new updated version is suck... can't change my location,  can't find people in another country .... pls back to old version or fix it
I had given it a lot higher rating until the update. Now I'm thinking about uninstalling. I no longer recommend it...
I need the old one
Must pay for it stupid app go ot other app for free
new interface looks great but functionality sucks, i downgraded it to the older version because of that, it shows people only from your location please add another cities too.
The new update sucks I hate it
Used to be a great way to meet people, now they're greedy and charging for everything. Badoo is officially every other dating site. I'll be deleting my account for sure.
Hate the new version have to pay for eveything...uninstalling
This wouldn't be a bad site if you could actually use the features. Instead, they want you to pay for everything.
I dont even know how to block people! .. and i don't understand why it keep saying I have a message and i already read the message!  Fix it!
Why did the update change to something more complicated ..?
Why Cant i change the location anymore?!
New update sucks balls
I dnt like the change it gakes forever on my phone noe go back to normalllllll pweaseeee	:(
HELP PLEASE ANYBODY KNOW HOW TO GET THE OLD VERSION CUZ THIS APP SUCKS . WE HAVE TO PAY FOR EVERYTHING NOW PLEASE LET ME KNOW!!!!!!
Change it back to the way it was..can't even request people's location anymore...
Now badoo really sucks cuz now u gotta pay money instead of payin if u wanted to
Uninstalled
Update sucks looks exactly like skout no originality. Can't see the city and state of mutual attractions
Have to pay for pretty much everything now. Even to just see people outside of your region. That's ridiculous. Major downgrade.
Too bad. I could move for other app.
You "updated" this app to hide the fact that you want to charge for content now. You suck and now so does this useless app.
The app before the update was sufficient, it didnt offer brilliance but i didnt need that, i need functionality.  The app now is complete garbage.  Obviously copied from iphones and other media. And it doesnt even work right, sort yourselves out!
Update is useless.
Fix it!
Why did u update it whn it was running smooth and stable and all can enjoy talking witj peopld from around world ! its useless with the new update !
Hate the new update, stupid idea and is now the same as every other app and a crap copy of fb layout! I will def be deleting the app now coz of it. Well done badoo...
This update has made this brilliant app nothing but garbage now. Stop forcing us to pay for everything. Either u make badoo free with some perks or a paid service. Get your stuff together.
Limited functionality after update. Really do not like changes
The update made badoo worse they are trying to make you pay for everything now. But I'm not paying for anything
Sounds like poor planning if you need to force this many updates on people.
so, where now is my list with people that i want to meat? you left only favorite list. very progressive!
You really suck now.... last update was the worst thing you ever did... its probably that fool Obamas fault.. he is screwing up everything in this country, so why not you...
You really suck now.... last update was the worst thing you ever did... its probably that fool Obamas fault.. he is screwing up everything in this country, so why not you...
This update must have the title of how to lose customers very quickly and how to discourage new ones...
Update brings more restrictions with a sloppy  new interface. Time to uninstall, was a great app.
Dumb useless update they wanna charge for every lil thing you do on the app now
its no where near as good as before very diserpointed with new set up for the mobile phone app
Very bad update! I can't change my favorite
This site was good till latest update.too difficult to navigate.
Used to like the app now it just flat out sucks I would give it negative stars if I could
Since the new update it has lost its unique and simple approach to meeting new ppl.. And become a boring generic social app.
Too difficult to you soon very annoying do not use
I rolled back to a previous version. That latest update sucks.
Takes forever to load and i have a decent connection.  It's so slow it's unusable.  I wanted to subscribe,  but don't want to waste money on such unusable app
what a waste of time , this app has got progressively worse to the point where im about to delete it!! you can not message anyone twice unless they answer!!! dont waste your time with this
After a few days you   realize that its the Same old faces
Its gone crap
new update is crap...
Cant change location.
Very bad it is not working any more!
Not able to get a reply is bad enough now you even need to pay for the chat monthly!? I can understand paying for the super powers to get first attention for the message you sent out. The new interface is good but what is the use if you cancel the chat function it's like having no trial at all.... I rather use the old interface.
Hate this new update
Greedt...uninstalled. Fake accounts ...loaded
Bunch of freaky wierdos
I use to like this app better then most dating app. But this update makes it to hard to use. The menu button is now way up in the upper left hand corner where no finger can reach it unless ou use both hands. And now there's no point in playing encounters because you can't even see if anyone else has liked you or not. I'm done unless they roll it back
new update version suck i can not see any who checkedout my profile
The update is awful. All badoo have done is made it more complicated and now charging for the things that used to be free. They are becoming greedy b***ards like all the other dating sites. I will be deleting my account and installing.
Forces close at startup. Even tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I have apps that require a lot more power, yet they work fine, so its the app, not phone.
I close the app after doing this up date next thing i knw its running eating batt so i close it againe within 5 mins i find it running so yet againe i force close it 5 mins l8er u gused it its running after 2 days i got so sick and unistalled then reinstalled pre update   As for the new interface horrible on the next update go back to the old 1 please  i wud recomend ppl leave this update well alone or have no power on ur phone
The app was better and easy to use before the update.
Whats up with the new charges you cant see the.others person that u liked info or pics without it wanting to charge please downgrade it cuz its not better its worse
Good app but misleading it is not free!
The app was better befor the update. It is now crap
Sucks
lots of women
Is an update not meant to make things better???!!! It's showing me only one city ( the one I'm not in obviously ) I cannot choose any other location!!! It shows me all the users (online and offline) !!! I'm really not impressed and would like to get my old version back or a real improved version. Otherwise I will cancel my membership and would like a refund for my subscription to the super powers!!!!
Wooow shocked at the new ridiculous update you brought out that simply put destroys the app making it useless.  So glad i backed up the old version!!
Nowe uaktualnienie nie pozwala na poszukiwanie ludzi w innych miastach !!!  Siegneliscie DNA !!!! NIE ODSWIEZA NA BIEZACA !!!!
The update sucks it now wired no freedom to choose what country u want to talk a nd chat and meet. I cannot change my location i regret the old badoo apps and the one IS SO SLOW
Dot open this app in galaxy y 1 star
i cant do anything too expensive
Sucks bc u have to pay is not freeee
Don't knw yet..Hasn't finished downloading...
it's an OK site have pay for everything which sucks ..
Don't download u hav to eneter ur emial an password everytime an it don't even giv u a password an u can't change it at all this is the WORST APP EVER MADE
فاشل
Too many bugs in this app and,every time I try to get help  their support team does not contact joyous back. !!! I'm uninstalling it.
Constantly signing me out
Won't let me login.WTF?
They do not allow you to send messages for more than 20 daily, i hated this rule
borrowing
Why i have to upload tons of pictures every time to chat
Not for kidz
Dont waste your time
Great app
Requires you to pay or else you will have to deal limited ability to send messages
Shame!!! What is this site used for again??? I was under the impression it was a chatline...sooo wrong! No one chats at all!
This site is infected with scam artists and when you call them out on it they report YOU for trying to scam them and your account get shut down. Stay away from the ones from Africa because they have been doing this for a long time and it isn't even the girl in the picture that your talking to.
There's nothing exciting in this apps
No 1 speaks on hair the app is not really that good not fun at all.
One star keeps logging me off every time I click home page
It fuckin sucks
It has so many seedy freaks and is an insane ripoff to get extras they are making billions of dollars from you people for doing nothing though so we'll done to them.
Why every time I open the app i have to log in.  I don't like that.
Mint
Lame, noone online even at peak time, and spam bots all over. Waste of time
Can't even get the app to download into my phone....it goes all the way through the download process but wont install.
This version keeps logging me out every 3 minutes even half way through messaging. Block facility is not a true block. App recently became seriously slow. Can't preview messages periodically. Does not automatically refresh messages or sometimes updates with extreme delay. As a social forum and hottie catcher, not bad.
It sucks too many fags
This app is garbage
This app full fake and gay people I'll pass
Not too bad
Register button does not work. Please fix thissssssssss.
no gay people
But noe it randomly logs me out.
Takes up a lot of battery resources for some reason using better battery stats
it was great intill i lost all my conversations, not cool to start over
Very corny makes you pay to activate so call special features call super powers
Load of pish. Scams and ads.
Been on for a month. Aside from 2 members cheching out my profile no one has chatted me up. And, no im not hideous or anthing like that. Big waste of f'n time!
Annoying messages and poor searches make this app hard to use. The encounter game is all about looks and offered results that would only match someone wanting a ldr
It wouldnt let me register. FIX THAT!
The slowest and most boring app. Ever!! Lord dont get it
20 contact limit... Even if u delete people? Boooooo! And cant upload pictures
Soo awful, more like a creepy dating site.
Worthless....
To many fake girls and chat don't work... Lame app....
Just realised app wants access to text and requests permissions to things t hat seem unnecessary
Dnt install it reads your personal txt msg on your phone as hidden this is not right why does it need it's nothing to do with my sms
Its awesome
It needs a minor fix in filtering but besides that an excellent app...
Paying to use encounters to see whos interested in you is bogus. Uninstalled. I rather use Tagged instead.
Have you all read the permissions you are granting?
Money money,money you that old song got have it thats what you have to do to message someone on here will be deleting this site at least.the oyhet soyes.will let you do gor free
Everyone is fake don't bother
Everything.. It's.. OK.. But I hate.. The they have.. Limits... On textng and... Contacts... Put that too.. Ting unlimited... And this will be perfect..
Install app but keeps  saying unable to connect  boots me off :(
After starting just 20 chats you can no longer start a chat even if they never reply, even if you block them or they block you. Looks like mostly fakes because I almost always get a response from real people, rarely one that I want, but I almost always get one. Don't waste your time.
If you want to delete your profile from your smartphone , sorry you cant , dont email badoo about deleting your account they dont listen, ps the site is full of con artists { ghana} dont communicate with anyone from ghana.
Just so I can use badoo is not cool. This latest jellybean upgrade made it so the old badoo without these permissions doesn't work! I guess it's finally time to stop using badoo after one year of using it.  Will tell my friends to stay away unless they enjoy their privacy being invaded. It was okay but not good enough to share all my contacts and information about my contacts including email and phone numbers with these clowns.  Time to uninstall!  Grab some brains and remove this overt invasion of privacy!
No more encounters
The app works fine but the service is a big money scam
Not good now you have to pay 1.50 for five profiles. Stout is better.sort it out it was once good
Don't waste your time. There's nobody interesting on here and it will take down your pictures for no reason.
Great app!!!!! love it
guys on here are full of games, they chest on their gf or wives with women on here, so sad!
money making scam
I have been in contact with real person. Everyone on this site is fake.
Looks like a cool app but i won't work
lo malo es que cobra hay muchos q son gratis igual o mejor
takes too long to load and it won't load most of the time.
BOOOOO
It's ok
This program is expensive to use.  You must pay for everything.   First 10 messages are free.  After that you pay and pay.        Total crap.  Okcupid way better.
Every guy that contacted was a foreigner. One claimed to be a Canadian military member with the KREMLIN behind him in the pic...
Yep
Always can not load......
In my own view BADOO is 2nd best 2 facebook.....Even though l hv nt really hook up sm1......l prefer d site rbcuz its allow u 2 send message, chat, send meet 2 sm1and location with hw far d person is without request 4rm him/her ......all is FREE......infact everytin u need 2 do with messenger....I ENCOURAGE PPL 2 SIGN UP WITH BADOO......
Free to download but to use features you have to pay weekly = Biggest waste of money. Slow and sometimes sluggish App. Does not work over WiFi.
Nice App.
great app to cheat on your wife with or try to pimp dumb young locals in your area. this app is terrible.
Its a ten dollar a month bs app it would be ok if it was really free don't wast ur time or money uninstalling now
Hammoud
Too many fake profiles
Too much fake people and trannies
Alrite app, suks when u gotta pay to c who likes u, get dat off, n will b a awsome app.
Horrible! Get the same people in encounters
You have to pay for everything useful and to contact people. Lots of fake profiles and showing results of people who haven't logged in well over a month. Total waste.
Nobody talks, too many bots, and too many inactive users
Kdmm lol Www e  alo
As you keep asking me to rate you 5 stars every time i log on here's 1 star for your slow crappy service
To many transexuals on this site
Very boring , highly overrated!!!
Hmmm a lot of people i have meet are spamful...they are askinv for money...they are using fake identity...
Great
You can only view certain people. It well not allow you to do a zip code search or narrow down your search. Also it limits your contacts, messages, etc. Mbuzzy, mocospace, POF is so much better!
Stop making people pay to chat with other people, Damnnnnn!
Most ppl dont check or have accounts any more, lag of getting messages to my phone, Typical sorry dudes and Stuck up chicks as any media site i guess.. might meet some cool ppl i hope???
U can't find who wants to meet u without payn for it. That sucks
If u pay for anything once be careful....even if u turn off autopay and send them a screenshot, they will still bill and/or ignore your emails
This is complete fake all fake profiles full of tranny and fake people with nove pictures.
Lame so boring and fake, this should be single only.
most of the time I get women listed in my search that are too far away to even consider going on a date. Don't expect much from this.
To many fake profiles
I can't talk to who I want to when I want to unless I pay
90% ppl fake lots od transsexual .free u cant do much when u pay its lost money ...crappy
Guys, want to meet a bunch of guys pretending to be girls, who while listed in New York are taking care of their sick mothers on Ghana? Well this is the app for you!  Want to pay money to have your male hetero profile promoted to hundreds of other hetero males, Badoo is for you!  Much like ZOOSK, Badoo is a money making machine for its owners. At every turn they want some more money.  OkCupid is a much more honest service and much lower costs!!!
I hate how you get a limit on the people u can talk. Then after that they want you to pay
WHY PAY? SMH
Topface is more sexy app
Poor
There shoul be once a month women and men should have to rate people it would help sift through
Its saying i have no data connectivity
Should be called "Badoo -  Meet New Trannies"
To much money, free app needs more stuff.
Predominantly fake, like most of the reviews on this page. Not kidding.
Fake!!!
Haven't really met anyone.. Talked to a few.. App aint that great. The good comments are probably from employees or someone related to the app creators.
Fine if you like crossdressers and transvestites..
it won't let me add pictures or anything, every time i click a picture it just automatically goes straight to people near me and no photo was uploaded
Bullshit app
Looking for friends??? This is the place....
Verey bad app
I hated  this shiiit,  never found a  date Imma handsome  man
u have to buy credits to send messages to more than 20 people.
grrr not happy
Its better then the people on it
Always sets me at wrong location. Can't change it.
I would give it 5 stars but the only problem is can't get super powers because boku doesn't support Verizon. So can u please fix that
Love it a great way to meet sexy single people to hang out with
The app just crash on Android jelly bean.I have a black screen and nothing else.I'll put 5 stars when it's working
I got banned for NOO reason.
Everything has changed and its not for the better
Awfully slow.Its time to fix the connection issues.
Must fix connection
Have to pay for every single feature! That sucks
They make you pay to look at the profile of people YOU want to meet wtf...
,$$,@, a2/@/@#!3/$/$ /$$
Yea its Hellas hard to use now can't edit now of my stuff
How do u delete pictures? I want 2 uninstall it but dont want people still able 2 c my photos
New version is useless - it is sooo slow... Even with wifi connected it works offline...
I hate cuz I can't change the profile pic,
The new update with the new look is a no no..  it's confusing & also didn't know if I was online are not .. I had deleted it but re-downloaded it but doesn't mean I like it though..
Not great. I would get more response from a mirror.
Mad slowwwwwwwww.
It wont work!
Not fast like the old version
They need 2 fix the connection better nt 2 happy wit this app
I don't quite understand how i need a wifi now to sign on online now...really.
Marked it down cause i really liked it.. But now i am constantly on offline mode.. Uninstalling  till sorted can't sign out on my phone :-( x
It's kool it can be better
App kinda sux now...every time I open it I get a message saying No Internet Connection I have to force close it every time I want to use it
Stupid app is stuck in offline mode, even when I turn my internet on and off it still won't change. Can't even use it anymore
Interface sucks,  free features too limited.
Its alright its not all that
i downloaded the app today and cant see the images  even mine was working fine on iphone before  whats wrong ?
No internet connection?  You so sure? Updates fix one issue only to present another.
Useless...hardly any genuine profiles...
Keeps saying I'm off line
used to be a good uniqe app...now it's generic...
Used to be good fast and reliable application but newer versions offer nothing but slowing down the overall performance...
Worked brilliantly until it updated to the new layout. Constantly says offline no internet connection in both wifi and 3G areas sort it or I will delete this otherwise fab app!!!
Please fix it... Its always showed "no internet connection" thanks..
better options
I would have given this app more stars if it didn't keep freezing on me, asking me too force close, keep changing my location too a diff part of the country - and other ppl, and if I was able too use my filter settings too set who can,and can't view my profile. As in, age, sex, location etc. When it works, its ok. Two stars was me being generous.
Not bad though ... but all gals seem to be the badoo employees.. they never reply to you.. if they reply it wud be to make us believe that there r real ppl out there
Used to be good, now very slow and buggy
Works fine until i updated it, now it wont work... it keeps saying no internet comnection.. huge mistake updating the app uninstall... please repair it cause it is really a good app..
No connection from the app but go through google and it connect just fine w.t.h is going on ???  plz fix..
I used to love badoo, talkin to people and meeting them. Only a few things were locked for "superpowers" and i liked it so much i almost bought them, but now badoo is so unstable and the free services have been severly limited. Uninstalled, 2 stars for the badoo i miss.
keep getting no internet connection even when connected to wifi or 3g/2g
Guessing it's a work in progress with all the updates lately!!!
Crap always says I dnt have connection nd I do sucky cus they tryn to charge u fo sum stupid stuff
It sucks after i updated the software !! Too slow on slll
It always show that I have a network connection problem. I think the one who have a problem is badoo and the gank. I have no problem with my internet, in fact I used a wifi, and I got no problem when buffering some video on youtube. C'mon guys fix it!
Before I updated the app worked perfectly. But now everytime I open it, it doesn't recognize my wifi. Fix this and it will be better
I hate the new update
ever since i updated to the new layout its been poor apparently im in the offline mode as no internet connection no matter where i am even after 2 more updates funny how all other apps and internet work sort it out
Had to uninstall due to no network connection
The sites not bad but still few problems first your on the site and the site shuts down. Second during encounters trying to view people most of them all real but there are other that are fake or bots and then during encounters it will just stop and cant few any one elses. Besides having to pay them for all these problems with these many problems it should be for free. So from 1 to 10  ill rate it a 5
I liked it before the update!
I lowered the rating cuz Badoo is pretty much is charging for everything and when I say everything there is only one part to this app that is free. outside of that you have to pay to play.. who wants to do that?
It loses signal too much kind of disappointing
Good but to exspensive to talk to people..
This app kindof sucks, limited number of msgs you can send and receive and half the site is locked unless you pay, and everytime I try to it freezes...  epic fail
Has potential but can't do much unless u have the paid subscription
U went from 3stars to -5 cause of those stupid updates
It barely ever works or runs correctly.
Wack
This has happened lots of times it says ppl in my local area then i find out there 100+ miles away fix please
same badoo version seems better today, with the offline issue. maybe it is a server problem rather than client... so im changing my rating from 1 to 2 stars for now
Have to keep requesting a new password after recent update as it doesnt recognise it. Why?
Never stays signed in
Its to complicated  to load a photo
I cannot change the age filter, so im going to give you 2 stars, please fix it
No one talks
No luck with device upgrading update soon done.
Corny
Keeps going in offline mode when. I have a dsrs connection
You have to Pay for every things you need
Beware for scammers and fake profiles.
Badoo want to charge for everything. I delete my account
I am downgrading Badoo from four stars to two stars. Reason: The last three recent updates are crashing my Samsung Galaxy S2 constantly. Advancing through profile  pics is enough to crash it. Can I have my money back?
It say 80% of the time no internet connection.  Wow fix pls ..
I would love it, but it's always froze dawn since the new version been downloaded.
Meet lots of ppl
Don't like the update version.can't refresh
Hey this app iv been on for over a year and its got worse and worse. I dont like how you can only message so many girls and have to pay everytime to talk to anymore. The new thing also you have added where you have to wait so many hours like 24 hours to talk to anyone which needs taking off.  But no women seem to be bothered on here and mess you around.
How do I get it back again ? Got friends on there... this just isnt acceptable
Won't connect to the internet through WiFi or 3G, last two updates were a huge disappointment
Why dony I see an option to block ppl anymore. That needs to be replaced asap!
Keeps saying offline when I have a connection  and can get onto the internet. Only been doing this since the recent update.
Used to work just fine before update. Now says it's always offline.
before the last update is good, but after update, it always say I have no connection, fix it please
Ok, so they added new features,  but I keep getting a now internet connection message pop up, even though I'm connected to wifi! Please fix!!!!
Says offline when u have a connection
The program used to be good before they rolled out an update which made it more 'facebook-ish'. After updating the app, nothing loads on my Xperia Mini Pro.
Wow...!!!! I love this app coz I have 3 girlfriends...!!!!!thanks to badoo
Ever since the most recent update you can't view profiles without paying... not cool badoo I thought you were better than that
okish
Won't connect , keeps in offline mode even when using WiFi and all other apps working
Old version was better. Thumbnails/text too small, and in two hours of having it installed, it had a wake lock active for over an hour. Poor.
its so slow now!!!
I cant chance my profile picture!
The new Badoo is a HOT MESS !!!
Constantly says there's no internet confection when there is, especially on wi-fi! please fix!
This just a social network just trying to get money from your checking account or savings
This version doesn't give you the option of logging off, also it doesnt give you the full list of people in your area like the older version did before you logged on. This new version doesn't even allow you to see anything without logging on, which doesn't make it better. Is there any way I could un-install this new update. I would really prefer the older version over this one. It has some good updates but overall, I feel the older version was more appealing. Unbiased opinion.
Soms loop die vast...en ook dat die zegt dat er geen internet aan is maar me wifi is wel aan...
Loads soooo slow or not at all. The pictures don't even load nor do the visitors or anything... this is getting annoying.
Everytime I log in it tells me no internet conection even though there is, it freezes a lot, it takes forever to load it just went to hell!
This use to be a good app but now very unless the updated app is really worthless. I am always offline and can't seem to do anything. Very dissappointed with this update!!
I liked it better before it was updated it's more of a hassle than it's worth
Crashes when select "where" in search filter. Unable to load pictures. Samsung galaxy s2 UAE-DUBAI
since new update... layout is better but crashes alot and fails to load sometimes. get this fixed
Whenever i try to connect with someone it always tell me to download super saver to able to connect, please help otherwise to me badoo is useless.
Nice idea to add the "where" button in filters...but it now crashes every time you try and use it. Is it possible to add an "online now" filter? Have to scroll through a lot of inactive profiles to find people.
the New update is crap since its come in i can't use the app its showing me as offline all the time even though i am.connected through wifi
Please please please filter out the millions of inactive profiles. Until then, this is a majorly gimped service
it started out great but now I can't see people profile picture.
Have to buy super powers? smh
I don't like the new layout & it's allways saying in offline mode since the new update
The search could be more in depth, like searching under interest, age, locations, etc... Maybe see how other sites are set up.
I was impressed with how fast Badoo fixed a few complaints with last version (ie. Now able to copy & paste messages, can zoom in on photos, added "where?" filter) but now app crashes every time you select "where?" filter in People Nearby!
First off no warning of an upgrade it just didn't work for awhile. Also there is nothing more annoying than having features taken away or hidden. At least give a tutorial. There are some features that were a great addition like the sliding menu, and separation of people in ur area and around your area.
Have to force close now when I try to search in a new location please fix this
Doesnt work properly
It wont let me load it up! Keeps saying no internet conection... When i have internet conection!! Disapointed with the update
I really don't like the way this app looks with the update
Its alright
This app seems like its just dead. Like its full of old profiles of people that don't use anymore. Plus it constantly tells me I'm in offline mode. So I have to restart my phone to fix it.
Definitely a lot of fake profiles...if they were legit... i wouldn't be seeing 75% of my matches with photos earlier than 2009... really... nobody in 3 years could take a new picture of you? What are these matches... Just photos pulled from Google images and some random profile??
The older version is much better. This one is too slow and most of the time photos can't be shown
Was ok till it updated, now u have to pay for more.....im  now deleting. No one should get this app anymore... Kik trigger1983
Maybe this app looks good on a phone, but on a tablet it looks terrible!!!!! The older version was better, where can i downgrade this update?
Idk...
Good way to meet people in the area. It helps to be honest, real, and funny.  Don't bother with fake people because you won't get anywhere.
used to be a good app til it updated. now its always in "offline mode". whatever that is!
Used to be great now it sucks !
The update made it look less appealing. it is a lot faster though
Please bring back with the old version. It was bigger, easier to see, changing location options are gone, it seems more confusing... Change or I may have to click UN-install...
False advertising.
Very  capitalism.
I really didnt like it that much... Not nufn option on who I was trying to talk too... Yea..no... Jud pick another site.. Jus a waste of time...
the latest update version looks messy.. i don't like it at all..
Doesn't show how show on download page
The setup is a free tease but to do anything you will have to pay $$$.
Really like the ease of inte  ractions on site.
Sucks after the update .. Before is better
This sucks. It keeps telling me I'm in offline mode but I have 75% WiFi service. The app says I have a message but it won't reload for that reason. Um, error much? Let's fix it. K? Thanks.
Hate the new update It's awful :(
The menu was better before. The sidebar is annoying. It was easier to use before. Please change back.
Werido creepy ppl on here and no status update ....
Missing my 2 fav features. First, being able to change location to the city I'd be working in the next day to schedule some network ops. Secondly, pinch zoom to verify five o'clock shadows weren't peeking out of the quarter pound of foundation.
Go back to the old one was so much better :(
Was great before the update, now it's just not the same.
...keeps thinking its in offline mode when chatting due to no internet connection, even when there is  Rubbish. Absolutly avoid this app at all costs...
it sucks. waste of time
Dnt like the new set up... It Sucks
I don't like da new update I wish I read day others comment be4 I updated it
New update is bad.  Can no longer block people.
Display 6%  Voice calls 10%  Phone idle 15%  Cell standby  19%   Badoo 52%  WTF???
This application was great until the last update. Chat doesn't work properly. It doesn't show new messages and smilies. You have to always refresh the whole chat. And you can't change your location and radius. Not happy.
Bad update
I AM NOT ABLE TO COPY WHAT PEOPLE CHAT TO ME ANYMORE. I live where I do nor speak the langauge. Becuase badoo doea not have a translater option I  need to copy and paste in google translate to understand all that is written to me. Now I cannot do it anymore. So i may as well uninstall this app. Thank for messing it up.
it used to show a decent amount of people nearby, the and the city your in, and encounters used to show close recently active people ... now encounters shows inactive and far people, and the mobile filter sucks only shows you people in your city or country ... and why is encounters filled with inactive people?
I like the sliding menu and it is more reliable and works faster. That is the good bit. The bad bit is i have to pay to view profiles in encounters. I can't chat to new people as there is nobody online in my people nearby. And many more things. All in all i am not happy with this update so change it or I'm deleting my account
I liked the oolder version better. You can not search for people is another state or country. Yes, the new looks good, but i rather have the old one any day of the week.
Previous version was good.... This version is not fine
I hate this new set up. I have to pay to talk to people I say yes to. Sucks!!!
The new update sucks. All they needed to do is add more features to the existing version and it would have made it perfect. Now it's 10X worse.
I like that I finally found a place where I can take off my shirt and show the world my big "guns". Oh yeah! Get pumped!
This wouldn't be a bad site if you could actually use the features. Instead, they want you to pay for everything.
Cant not log out of badoo
The update sucks now it looks identical like skout, bad move badoo. You just needed to add more features to your original lay out.
Nem zoomolható a kép,meg nagyon zsúfolt az egész.
since the update had installed... the option to block a person has been removed. now i dont feel so safe chatting.
After update you can't even see the person you wanna meet profile
I uninstall this app and I am trying to redownload it and my phone except the download but I cannot sign in can anyone help me?
Boring
Facebook GUI. Profile not showing full details. The more details in the search pictures, make it slower and use more data fromobile network, pushing to use only with wifi.
The update was rubbish hate the new layoit go back i prefered to open badoo and see if i had a message not click 20 diferent things to see!!!! Sort it out
The update was rubbish hate the new layoit go back i prefered to open badoo and see if i had a message not click 20 diferent things to see!!!! Sort it out
Previous version was possible to zoom in/out pictures. Now out is not possible. Please, fix it
Not a bad way to meet people, but it doesn't give information on the last time people where on the site.
Most girls are ugly here. ///_-
People don't communicate. It's like a site for pics only
why are there search filters you can select on the website and not on the mobile app? makes zero sense.
I bought credits but I don't know how to use it can you help me please Thx
Won't allow me to long on
This shyyt got too much tranny of this bytch... N then they got the fning nerves to click yes or ur profile...smh
Its ok why we to pay for stuff like that
its good but asking again and again to upload pics. i already upload for so many times but still asking.?
good but ppl talk and dnt wanna meet
So far, the majority of the fellas are fugly, and I can't see who likes me unless I upgrade & pay $9 per month... not digging it.
This Is such a great app, the only messed up thing Is that it loggs me out and forgets my information! Fix this please! And delete only profiles, its a wayste if space.
Was great app till the update used to be able to open app everyday 100 tines a day and was always signed in now no matter if you close app or restart phone you have to logg back in every time not convenient anymore
It's been fun finding cute women
Not working for android 4.0.4. It show only black screen, nothing response. Before update I can use as usual. Please fixed it!!!!!!
Passes the time by even though I barely get messages.
ist ok but hate that you have to pay to talk to a person if she is really famouse
U gotta pay just to get ur msgs sent n read on time. Plus they try to connect u with people that live across the country or fake live webcam chicks....waste of time
Sexy app : *
Met many "people" but none of them used proper English. Very  roken and then most of them seemed to want nothing more than nurse aids for kids while they work on oil rigs. I even got a marriage proposal after 4 hours of chatting.  Stupid. Deleted. Not worth it.
You comment on pages with small talk and you get a 1 in 9 response.
Paying to use encounters to see whos interested in you is bogus. Uninstalled. I rather use Tagged instead.
Its kinda boring...
Love
Everything.. It's.. OK.. But I hate.. The they have.. Limits... On textng and... Contacts... Put that too.. Ting unlimited... And this will be perfect..
They need to fix the search ... I don't need to be check out transgender people .
too much "internal problem" fix that!!!!
Whhy is they keep showing girls photo,s who are 30 years younger than the age I put on my profile I do not want it
I like it
Vert tidy..
I love this site!! Ps. To miny ladies saling they bodies online!!! This site need to screen they peoples. They wasten of people tyme. This suppose to b a hookup site!!!
It was cool at first but now every time I try to get on, it says no data connection. If yall can fix this for me I'll be willing to give badoo atleast a for start rate.
Not too bad, would be better if It wasnt full of fake accounts a trannys.
watch out theres some ppl on here that u think r cool nd some r real nd true but some r nothin more then a scam they suck u in nd give u a number that u cant call nd they want u to sign up to a diff site nd take ur money so WATCH OUT!
Ok could be better Could have messages free instead of trying to charge for most stuff.
Why no pic why no pic... WHY NO PERSONALITY? Apps okay shame they couldn't develop better women
Badoo full fakes.
Its alright. They always match me with big ugly women.
It is okay. I mean, good way to see pictures, that's all. Has not any use just watch... that's why I give it 2 stars.
Its alright just dnt have a  lot of good kookin ppl
This app works properly.
too many spammers here!
There is no way to save my search preferences, which are very limited by the way, so i shows me people from the other side of the world, when I am interested only in locals.
Would of rated 5 if you could talk to more people with out payin very dissapointing
too many fake profiles and webcam girls trying to sell u shows
The App seems friendly and harmless but it can be very spamful. A lot of fake people in terms of identity. Some transgender and homosexuals post pictures of who they really aren't and can be tricky. Also, people can download ur photos and use them as their own in their profile. And the website limits you to certain tokens a month for meeting people
On phone its just showing everyone readed ny msg
I can't even log off because I can't get the password reset or sent to my E-mail
This site is lame
The 20 message limit makes the whole site gabbage!
Great app
don't want it anymore i know i can just delete the app but i want the site i opened deleted HELP
I'm tried seeing white ppl on here  I only wanna see black,latino or indian and to many fat guys on here a waste of time nobody in new orleans at all
Nice
Little to no real people here, few filled filled in profiles with majority profiles uncompleted & even fewer replying properly to queation/queations asked. Suspect high majority fake profiles with spambots in charge
Pretty good app. I have had a few issues with the screen being non responsive at times.
Its not bad, no complaints. Ehh, it does what its supposed to Do.
Sad girl
I like it, it would be better without all the hidden charges, but I guess we all got to eat.
Keeps telling me I  have no  internet connection when my 4g shows all three bars
Keeps telling i lost connection but i full connection through the ineter  boooo
Downloading is slow
+ many people online. Nice options - no way to change filters, only random profiles... No way to change city search. ...
This site is fine but says im on offline mode but my internet connection is fine ! Please sort it out.
Good.
Good app... The only problem is that i always meet women that live hundreds of miles away that I really like...smh
Good fun
Poor internet service, says not on line. Please fix. Need to be able to search by location.
Good app but it keeps saying I'm offline. Please fix for more stars!!
Never updates my location from city to city unless I force close the app and keeps going to offline mode.
I can't change my location lol it picked one for me...CHANGE THAT
Fix the bug. Problem connections
The oldest version was much better. On this new one i allways appear to be offline. I hope you guys fix badoo
it keeps saying no internet connection its only happened 2day
Would have been 5 stars before the updates. It always seems to say im in offline mode now when Im clearly not. Please fix asap?
I'm sure that i'm online. -*-
Its Str8
Need to be able to go from online to offline mode manually!!!
Sort of a sausage feat, but cool idea and no bugs.
showing me as offline and can not use any feature
Interesting
Always says of line connection is ok but can't get on it its rubbish since updates
I've been using the updated app for a while now and thought it was good at 1st	But now I wish they would have left it alone. You can nk longer see the status of mutual matches and it seems like I can no longer do as much. Probably will uninstall and just use the website on my laptop.
I can finally login again, hopefully it will get back to the way it used to be
Won't give me my super powers after buying twice !!!!
best before update. crap after. three stars for new design.
I pay super power !!!!!!! But not open in mobail@@why why
Its a cool simple app but it definately absolutely needs a people search filter. I don't want to see a million woman ages 18 through 75 everytime I log in...especially the ugly ones :)
Chatting is terribly slow and not exciting. Too secretive. Options to search a person should be considered. There is improvement in performance.
...it looks way too much like an iPhone app and it does not allow me to theme it differently. Overall I do recommend using it over the mobile website: it's a lot faster and more integrated (:
Honestly, giving badoo three stars only because before the update, this app was solid. Now you can't even see the profiles of someone that you like through encounters.. then there's a limit on how many people you can chat with, its ridiculous. I'm really contemplating not using this app anymore... it really needs to go back to the way it was..
It's saying Im using badoo in offline mode but I'm using wifi at home & everything else is working so PLEASE FIX THIS!
Its a good app, works well, isnt slow. Its a shame you cant search for people though and it could filter preferences better
This is a awsome & addictive app but i can only give 3 stars because of the same problem as everyone else, regonizing 3g connection, sort that out and i'll give 5 stars and be hooked forever
This app helps to make new friends in the area.
New version wack
Ja tiz goot ja
F
I hate the fact that u have to pay to see who likes u, it crashes too much!
If you put $2 into it you will definatly meet someone and most people are willing to give access to their private pics
Not bad
Bad bad bad dogs
Setup was horrible, location had me in a different state and couldn't change it. Overall not worth it.
After last update with new interface its almost impossible to use it. very slow.
The app currently stays constantly logged in. It becomes a confidentiality problem. The only way to log out and not allow another log in unless you have the password is to delete the app. In my view worse than the previous version.
After last update most of the time just says I am using it in offline mode and acts that way. Clear a bug and really anoying. Need to fix.
Would be 5 stars but update has too many things are limited..... its about to get deleted!
Very reliable app, good chat an notifications..but removing abilities to chat world wide was foolish ..
Works when it wanna work
U say u fix errors and since update WiFi 3g just wont connect cant be bothered to keep restarting phone...
good app but keeps saying no internet connection
it should let you comment on pix...and you should have unlimited ppl you can message in a day..
Its showing i have 4 messages but i dont have 4 messages only 1 or 2 showing. Untill this is fixed 3 stars.
Used to work kinda ok, though after a while it needed restarting otherwise nothing would load and no messages would arrive (on more than one device so not my phone's faukt) - but now it mostly just says "no internet connection" and nothing works. Fux please cos it's quite good when it works!
Keeps on loading forever and thinks I'm offline. Please fix it :(
This app is ok would be better if they did not keep bothering you to pay to message certain people much prefer okcupid to this
cool site ig .
Rather see ads than have to pay for gimmicks. Super pwers bullscrap just to get money. Good app tho. Just quit that super powers crap and we will be good.
doesn't recognize my network / wifi. fix please
Pretty responsive chat feature.
It never connects to the internet :(
There are some genuine women here. There's a lot of fake profiles to sort past though.
Cant change profile pic just by clicking the pic or i just dont know plz help
Cant change profile pic just by clicking the pic or i just dont know plz help
Cant change profile pic just by clicking the pic or i just dont know plz help
Hangs the fone everytime I try to use this app on my S2 after the latest update please fix the issue
Asks for money for most of the option..... :@
I like it because I do get to chat with a couple people. the flaws, it doesnt always work, not picking up my wifi connection, most people who contact you are only looking to get a piece,. Im sorry but dont call me babe, hon, or anything else like that if you have never talked to me.. Fake profiles too. Most cant even form a complete sentence.
Another update that fails big time. Site visitors are now in a variety of different places, depending if they've visited previously or not so are almost impossible to find. Unable to see who's decided what in Encounters. I'm being generous with awarding 1 star. Whoever developed this needs to go back to making the coffee or seek an alternative career. Re 2.0.7 what happened to 2.0.6? Milk & 2 sugars please, and chuck in a biscuit. Please bring back the one I had 2 weeks ago! And why am I now getting men in my search when I'm heterosexual?? SORT IT OUT!!
Not bad.
Keeps going to offline mode while still logged in. need to fix.then I'll rate more stars.
fun to meet new people but sucks cause you have to pay to see who likes you -_-
Could be faster and work properly
Subscribers should not pay for full access. Or the payment should be less and be deducted from cell phone airtime.
Its kool sumthing to do when its nada to do
I double check my internet connection to make sure I'm online but the apparently is annoying and still says I'm offline. Please fix ASAP!!!! Other than that it's a pretty good app.
I can't complain......smile
Its fun at first but not for those who get annoyed easy
Just cause someone is popular shouldn't stop me from talking to them. the popular ones are the only ones I want to talk to and I can't.
Keeps telling me im in offline mode when im not but other than that oh it alsso give me alerts a half hour to late other than that fine
Would prefer the apps to be able to see when is the last online date of that person
I only don't like it because I can't chat with as many people as I want to and the fact that I have to pay to know people... 3stars
It's a good thing though you don't get much to do and replies but you meet people
ok
Gps based...works well.
The application at times stops responding and also everything is money, money and money all because  someone wants to meet someone. Also , sometimes the message sent to u are like spams.
Esta bien, pero tiene muchas limitaciones para casi todo hay k pagar
Full of scammers, typical of these sites
Good dating site needs a few improvements as the messages don't often get delivered
Great place to meet ppl ,im from Chicago n is great
Nice
Certain things I like but a lot I don't....don't like that guys can visit my profile...don't like that I was given pts but I can't use them and have to pay to see things.
Like!
When i'm on wifi or on my network internet, its saying i have no internet connection.
New update is slower, otherwise, good!!
After the udates its difficult to use i.cant see any pics. And it keeps refusing to.connect to my wifi. Pls make it to work
Tienen q hacer algo con la limitacion de los mensajes
I gave it a 4 before this update i dnt like some of the changes but its still a good app
Its kool juz da paying part sucks
V. Goooood
Its cool but some men are toooooo persistent !!!
I need in the filter the online only
I'm always told I'm in offline mode even if I'm hooked up on WiFi. That needs to be fixed. Other than that a pretty good app.
Badoo was the best  but don't like the new up date,,
No notifications on HTC Inspires :(
Still got some bugs to work out but I like it
Jack'd Is Better
Its alright.
Ruined it old version better
No pressure just fun checking pictures
gr8. ive met 259 inn less thaan a week. corrs .
Shocking update to badoo no network with wifi bug slow at loading chat fucked as well sort this bug n I'll re rate this 5 star
I love it
Badoo want to charge for everything. I delete my account
Good
Says I'm on offline mode and won't refresh nothing..
Can't see who I clicked like on anymore and location not accurate...go back to the old version...would'cha and could'cha plz was 5* now 3*
new aplication is very poor.  Change please....
This new update sucks!!!
I like the new interface but why can't I block people anymore...5 stars when I can
Not bad...
There is one thing that needs to be improved When i search people for a city it shows the same results no matter  What city i select  The search option should be more refined and detailed
I gave it a 5 at first, but now after the update, it says I am always in offline mode, even the every other app on my phone accesses the web without a problem. It will become a 1 soon if they don't fix it.
I don't know this site but it seems really cool!
It really fun for the first month or two then you get tired of seeing the same people over and over and over.
The app starts up but I have to reboot a few times before it recognizes my 3G/WiFi connection.  There has been a number of updates lately but it was there has been no repair to that.  It worked fine before the updates.
Can't install or move to sd card and there's no refresh button during convo and don't always auto refresh !!!
Old versin z much better than diz...plz update it soon..its showing eror and i cnt search people.plz get back old badoo
Problem loading pictures on Mobile and wifi network.. To me unusible at this point..
Before the upgrade it was possible to see the profile of the people you would like to meet. Now you can't. I like the mew changes except that.
Free enough
Was really cool before the update :/ Now it seems like half of the features are un-usable anyway. Real shame..
I just updated the app and now when I play encounters it restarts my phone. Tried again and it restarted, had to install.
Too many issues now and took the ability to block people away -_-
its ok get alot of weirdos askin u stufff
Great Place to meet and chat with guys...
Since the last update it is really slow loading
I'm new to this site,just got in,So I'll rate it ok.a 03.
Ill put 5 if it waznt a charging app but other than taht is a nice app
have used this AP for a while now but with this new update I'm having trouble connecting and staying connected. old rating was a 5 star
Should be able to filter better. I'm not interested in black guys, gay guys, old guys....need I go on??
Cant search people by nearby. It crashes the app and close. Fix the problem plz
It need  improvement
crashes when trying to ssearch by location pls fix tq
It's a good app over all to meet people but tells me a lot I've got no internet connection when I do so I can't check anything please fix
Esta Perro el pedo es que cobran
Deserves no less than a 5 star the over all lay out and app is great and tge best out there, but u have to pay for each service seperatively and u cant buy a proper member u have to by point e.g £1.50 per 20 messages which is lame also u need to pay monthly to see who is interested in u, which is a kame feature.  Badoo its business after all, why dont u just charge a set price for all the features and make us all happy. Please stop taking advantage of out penis.
Most of them not online so never got one
Sometimes trouble with connection.
ก็ดี
Old version was better. This aint bad. U can still meet people without paying for advanced services.
Since the new update it keeps saying I'm offline when I'm not. All my other internet apps work except this one idk how to fix it. Ohh and the people u get to meet for free is really limited
Don't update ! Some of the standard features have now been moved to super powers, which have to be paid for!
The new update is nice. Looks good blah blah blah but not being able to search for ppl in other states suck. Bring that feature back!!!!
With the older version I gave it 5 stars buy brought it down to 3 now. It always says that it's in offline mode even though the Internet is working perfectly
I like the older version better. You can search different cities.
Bunch of chats for sure
People who say yes dont   ever b on line and thin when they do you cant talk to them if you already tried twice
It's cool...
I don't like the update because it makes the site look cheap and corny, I liked it when you could zoom in on pics and now it stalls when loading pics!
New interface is worst than old interface. Also please bring back the ability to refresh messages without having to go back to main message screen.
It's Ard just connection on there is bad
It ok your should let us talk more without buying a credit
since update its gone slow...plz fix..or will have to delete...
Was better b4 the last update
Like it
hank away on new version
Average site...
Alot of made up profiles other than that.. pretty good place to chat
This new update sucks!!!!! I liked the old one better
Never remembers people u rate no on
but with the new update now i can't specify my location city manually.. and instead inputs the wrong city location.. fix this and it will be perfect! :)
Great
New update is so bad don't like it it sucks made horrible things I like the previous one
So far...
Keeps advising I am in offline mode which is untrue....
Like it better before the up grade. Only want me to see people in my town and state. I want to view other states and towns.
I mean the girls don't really like to respond, and the ones that hit u up aren't the ones u want
Keeps sayin im offline even though I have 4G signal. I like the new look and navigation is much simpler with the menu bar.
its ok could be better too many tweaks  that need to b fixed
Cool way to meet interesting people. Not sure how i'm digging the updated version though. Also doesn't erase deleted members who have checked u out and still shows the notification
The site was a lot better when I didn't have to subscribe. Another money maker, better free ones out there
Good idea with names on thumbnails. But i cant zoom pictures, cant find nearby in one city. And must be log in to browse people. Newest is worts.
Ok   Ok
It's ok but encounters should be free or at least show a certain amount for free
Would of given it more, but you charge extra for stupid things.
Not the worst or greatest. Great for meeting locals when traveling. Wish there weren't super powers.
I like the app but sometimes it keeps telling me I have no internet connection when I do and because of that the app doesn't work properly ...it also force close a lot
The app is ok but the function are not free
Nice!
Sucks
I like badooo...I dont like the updated one because i cant sign out..Please fix
Fun
Love the new layout
Its a ok app would be better if u had unlimited messages...but u have to pay for that which is stupid when it should be free
you need to go back to the older version before this thank you. the stars will get higher if uou go back
Great way to meet new people
for weird reason I can't change my location nor my age. it's seems there is no access to change nor edit my real location and real age. admin should think about this things I'm not that young anyway!
Lots of fakes and hookers lol
For the people having trouble seeing who viewed them just pull page down and release.. I got an email saying I recieved a comment cant find it?
Y'all need to go bakk to the old badoo,I still luv it but bad move for y'all.
Decent app never many ppl on
Last update hid the app icon on my phone. A curiosity at most. More important, suggestion from Badoo team to change browser to come to terms with non-working super powers in the Android app just shows how out of focus they are. And flaws there are, plenty. A great, fun idea that actually tries to get people to meet up is worth three stars. The ignorance and unwillingness to sort out non functional but charged for services not only loses them the final two stars, it loses them me and our network as clients.
Thanks for the comments guys I was about  to update badoo then I read them, now im not updating
Cool
Its not horrible but the super powers thing is annoying.
There's a lot of strange people on Badoo. Transsexuals lie and say there women, when there really not. They try to trick people by being sick twisted individuals. They need to have there own area instead of bothering straight people. Its sick, and needs to stop!!
Its alright
Somebody can't talk to my  cellphone..that's ok how matter you better know me only I like only women..I can text to a girls more enjoyed.
Okk
Ok everybody is right this update may be faster but i liked the black background and now the pics are way smaller ..change back now..
The app is alrite, i speak to alot of girls on here. Ive also met a few. Skout may b better
Since the new update it has lost its unique and simple approach to meeting new ppl.. And become a boring generic social app.
Always wants you to buy stuff
Ehhh not that great. Not many active members or quality people on POF. This is more quantity than quality. This has more lesbians than POF but again quantity not really quality. this app tries to make u pay for features that should be free, like seeing who is interested in u. I'll stick with POF, I've met 2 great ladies on there.
Personally, the attempt to emulate Scouts' UI is a step back. New layout loses previous practicality. Sorry. Would have given 5 stats but for this.
Was fun before update kept it at only your current city :(
Cool
But most chicks are mutes
I found my true love here nd is fun meeting new...try it
Good updates but I now think if your gonna meet someone online people are online for a reason no trust people online will always meet new people online not my cup of tea
Good times
Needs to have a get to the point section
**se pasa momentos,,chevere**
Good
It would be better if these chicks got with it!
I'm not getting my notifications until I open the app would have given it more
I'm not getting my notifications until I open the app would have given it more
:-P
To many fake profiles.....   ╮(╯_╰)╭
It's. Ok I like it.
Lovely lady
Keeps logging me out ... Samsung galaxy 2
I hate the fact you have to pay to do certain things... Plus you only get to send 10 msg's to people you want to chat with.... But the good thing is if they reply you can have unlimited chat
That's good app to meet people
Idk y bt it signs me out nd cnt get bk in with the log in I created I had to make another one and still having problems
The only cons are that It keep signing me off and want money.
every time i exit the app it signs me out of my account needs sorting
Like
Downloading on this site is very slow. Too many foreign women lying in there profile about where they live. They say they live in the United States but they don't.
I love this app! Im starting to meet alot of great guys 2 in particular! Woohoo! The only thing I dont like is constantly paying to increase my popularity. :-(
good site but app could be improved. it constantly logs me out so im using this much less nowadays as i cant be bothered to type my email and pw all the time. not so easy on android keyboard
ok
Every time I click on the app I have to sign in. it didn't do this before. Its getting really annoying. Please add a keep me signed in button!
It is good, but It drains  mt battery very fast, thinking of uninstall it !!!
Just like any otha site..
I just hate that you have to pay for every little feature
Works ok I guess it could be batter if everything was all free dont say its free when its not.
It keeps making me log back in.  Frustrating....  And why can people still view my profile after I block them?
Cool
Still to slow.
Not bad
Good app
Xexdduruzxxxtxxx dx txdxxcectxti utxfxdxxxdexxtexexixnzxjeceu  dxddsrxtdxx zdxixxxcxxtxjxtxdxxexexxxucxzxxxxxxixxxcxxxxxxxxtxxxxuxrxrx
I wish some features were.free
Had to uninstall/reinstall and it force closes occasionally but overall a decent app
Good app. I dnt like Encounters b/c u can't c enough info, like height. Get tired of seeing the same faces.
It's a good but be careful there are some captain save a hoes on this app
Its ok, nds improvement
Can't up load my photos with the phone I have.Other than that it's fun.
so so app.
Good
A lot tricks on here full of it.
They don't all live in Syracuse
Its a great social hub!! :)
Ok
Sexy app : *
Met many "people" but none of them used proper English. Very  roken and then most of them seemed to want nothing more than nurse aids for kids while they work on oil rigs. I even got a marriage proposal after 4 hours of chatting.  Stupid. Deleted. Not worth it.
Jfdi,,doing job very well
Its ok, just wish there was more filtering for matches
Cool people but paying for different services isn't to cool
alot of bluffin women
5 stars if I actually meet up with someone
It's okay
great app but it will be cool to retreive history chats like on a pc
It is good to a point.  The issue is a lot of people are not fully honest with their location.  Then try to scam you out of money.  Not the programs fault unless they would lock location and fetal it from the ip or gas position.  But there is always a way if there is a will.  To stop this we have to stop sending them money and then it will stop.  The warnings even tall you not to send any money to people.
Love it
Its slow gettin messages
Just watch out for trannys this things booby trapped
guys on here are full of games, they chest on their gf or wives with women on here, so sad!
The only ppl that seem to talk to me on this app always claim to be from somewhere the U.S. Then when we chat its broken English and they are really somewhere in Africa. 3 times do far.. Maybe its just me.
This is an ok app.
No thrills seems like a way to waste those boring hours of your life...can be fun at times if you spend a lot of time typing away
it's OK!
To many trannies
Could be better
Is just that you've pay for token amount before your pictures can be seen.  I give Badoo my 3 star.
Mostly fakes and open relationships. I would rather not.
Nice to meet people on here.
I
Why  charge people to use
Haven't met anyone worth my time.  Can't give 5 stars. Sorry
N't too much people patronize it in my part of the world
Love it, just wish it didnt require so many credits to keep talking or viewing on encounters
Great app to meet new people.... It just lags sometimes n doesn't show msg right away
Ok app
Its ok
They still have to get the GPS down ....smh but it's cool
Its ok..
Great app, but needs some inprovement. I would like to be able to switch of the sound and also be able to change it.. Otherwise- met some interesting people allright ;-)
Its ok i have used better
It's good but it looks for those who pay!!!!
If ur looking for a quickie!
Good
...there could be a few things that could make this be a whole lot better.
its ok for a few week till u get to find out what ppl are like
Good
Only service that I actually met a lady and we did the nasty.
Just good.
Pictures of too many ugly people who don't look like they ever seen a computer and what its up with people posting pictures with their kids.. creepy
It's ok. Just like any other site. You can do some things for free. Can only message 20 people unless you pay for it. Met some cool people though.. 3 stars for now.
Good
googๆ
If yall allow a zip code search and get rid of that limit bull and allow peoples to meet peoples with out limiting the number you can contact then it would be alot better.
2 weeks no contacts, nada, zero, zilch....
Should be free of charge !!!
They still have bugs issue to deal with and fix.
Esta application esta muy bien x q puedes conoser muchisima gente en tu ciudad. Q en Facebook durarias años para conocer la misma cantidad de jente... pero esta application esta muy mala x q para tenerla a 100% tienes q $pagar$ y eso la neta es una mamada de riata bien echa.....att...biglocomexican
It's % Ii8
Simple app that u can IM n receive msgs for free.  Of course the paid version allows a bit more
Love this site have met a bunch of cool people.
There shouldnt be a limit on how many people you get to talk to
......follow me on Twitter and hit me with a mention @rosie2301 I need new friends ASAP lol
Site can be better.
Love it
Fun n flirty..lots of ppl in my area! Nice!
More search criteria
Its all about u ladies
U saw
Many options..fun. You should try.
Data abuse, this app used approx 50mb in one day, which is more than any other app has used in 3 days. I have a data counter where I've monitored this. Only use with wifi!
I only have a cel. phone and the page tell me to connect via computer to get an upgrade.if people do the upgrade via cel.phone maybe it will be better and bit more free meaning only fifty persons to contact is good but if be little bit more that will be very good.
App is great,but people in bangalore...hmm..so many fakes..especially girls. Come on,this is for REAL people,not a fake social network!!! Uninstalling,too many horny n fake girls!!
There are some features I really enjoy, but it could use some universal chat rooms, games, etc.
good app bt highly addictive checkin msgs n abit timewasting...plus uys just want hookups on it usually
Nobody lives by me and barely anyone responds
And I'm looking for WOW !
It loads too slow on droid  and once again u have to pay to upgrade to use features...
Ok app let down by the large amount of fake/scam profiles
Odlican 5
Good chating apply
Ok
Badoo is really good for meeting people in your area but is often slow to let you know you have messages and most of the time doesn't tell you at all.
Cool
In interesting SOS app with a big short coming...
It's a cool app but I'm real pickey about what my dates have to look like and the men in my general area are straight ugly but they all wanna keep hollering at Me talking bout how beautiful I am...wish I could say the same for them.smh lmao at these ugly dudes.
Lame
Ok but a bit memory hungry and can be slow
All in all ok, but you guys still ask for money at stupid prices
It's kool to talk to people but most people I try to talk to they wanna charge you not the greatest
Nada mal
I like it pretty cool
Its,a pretty okay app
im not sure im ready for a relationship but this definately makes it easier to meet new people in my town.
Team work.
cool i donno y
Great app sometimes gets location wrong, but is compensated by having excellent free stuff
App has gotten a decent update; however, despite 43 matches I have yet to meet up with anyone.
Badoo is a hot new way too meet people but you can't search for friends other then that it's good lol!
Still having connection issues and tells me I don't have messages when I do. Getting really annoying
Its very sexy
Nice easy app to navigate round even for a raw beginner like me.
It's a nice app and a fun service
Great site to date on
Like it
goon all in all but sometimes takes a bit of time to see that you are conected
I have had a few probs, but nothing world ending. Pretty cool app.
I have this app for few months now and my rating was 1 star because I was never able to see any pictures! It will load for ever and nothing. Today after this update finally pictures load, a little bit slow but much better than before.
Good fun
Love this app made great new friends
It puts me in offline mode after some time if i dont use it and than take ages to put me online.
Great...
I like it.
It's a cool app
The app is great except it keeps saying I'm in offline mode when I'm not. They have it all figured out and it works very smoothly otherwise.
Nice app to meet people in your area.
Stupid app is stuck in offline mode, even when I turn my internet on and off it still won't change. Can't even use it anymore
I liked it :-)
Great app!
Good updates in the new version except for the bug where it doesn't serve wifi at times. Other than that great app. Availability to further define searches would be a plus.
Mas. Gente.  Nueva. Y. Q se pueda. Conoser. Jente. En. Otros. Paises
Would have been a 5 but with the new update the app is always in offline mode.
its ok. nothing to freak aBout
It looks a lot better
Very good as a social net work site too met lots of new friends too
Hmmmmm
Very good app hope to find some nice friends plz add me :)
I love this shop tall did a good job making this app
New updates makes slow loading on pix in my SII
This is not for kids
This app is good but stop sometimes x
It's great but started running really slow to msg ppl so we agree to chat elsewhere, its really annoying please fix or its getting deleted
Worked brilliantly until it updated to the new layout. Constantly says offline no internet connection in both wifi and 3G areas sort it or I will delete this otherwise fab app!!!
I thynk dia app. Not more use in india...it was grat..
You heard me, I love it
Good place yup meet ppl
New update feels slow, gets stuck on photos while scrolling...  Offline mode...  And the theme is ugly as f*** i liked the old one better,  sleek easy to use n barely any bugs... Bring it back cuz this one blows...
Good application jst people need check there status more often.
Good
I don't like the new format..i love the app
It's ok so far. It have many chooses.
I like this app a lot but I've been having problems with connection the  keeps spinning .Please fix this ! Other than that very good app
Its cool how badoo updates the ppl where ever you go in that location. For some reason badoo reuses profiles multiple times in encounters.
Sat right next to my router and it doesnt load pages properly, some do n it takes a couple of secs, but sort it out!!!
It show offline its not working anymore, after the update ...pls fix s2 user.
Good website
Good
Okay
Free and real free chat
Would be better if U didn't have to click on every person that viewed me, in order to clear the # of views... :-(
I dig it... Plus its mad easy...but the ppl suck.lol
Slow pictures deleted constantly takes ages to connect need i go on?
Bad bad bad dogs
Ok to download
Nice for me ;)
grate way to meet new people and have a bit of fun. ;-)
Its  a really good way to meet ppl
Love it!!only problem iv had is that sometimes when online it tells me im offline !!?otherwise a five it would have !!!!!
This is a good improvement to the previous one BUT I can't make one of my pictures a profile picture.
It nice
To many people on but overall good.
It opens then says no internet connection found..it should be fixed.
This website is full of scammers dont use it. Woman are paid to write emails bullshitting you n making you waste money for nothing
en ocasiones se pone lenta.
Nice!!! works great meet ppl!!!:)
Keeos saying I have no internet connection but im connected plz fix
Good app for meeting new people..its.all a numbers game LOL
It's a good application ,friendly  using and easy ..but some additional features can be added ..like u can add photos but u can't delete ur old ones , u can't separate between contacts and messages ...besides there is always problem of message of there is no internet connection while I'm connected
Verry god app needs to inprove for android
I like it!!
Not bad. Ppl not using this app anymore should be deleted.
Good
its okay
Good
It sucks after i updated the software !! Too slow on slll
I likey!
It's really a good application. You can try it.
Nice little site kinda like meet me. No complaints really for a free site
Das good stuff
This app hasn't not let me down yet
Good overall, annoying that it limits the number of people you can speak to each day.
Good overall, annoying that it limits the number of people you can speak to each day.
I have nothing negative to say about this right it is pretty cool and well that is it.
Since updating it doesnt want to connect to badoo... Also latest update package says invalid update on my samsung galaxy Y... Plz fix this
good little app..met a few nice guys and chat to lots of nice folk
i like dis app
I love Badoo
Its a good app!
We cannot copy any image if we like or need that so plz fix it  Still online and offline issue not resolved so plz instruct ur development department to fix.it as well in order to gives you 5 star
When I'm bored. I love it.
Pretty good
it's coo
Cool
It was working just fine until now. Keeps telling me no internet connection when im clearly connected. Dont know whats up but thats my only prob.need a fix on that please.other then that cool app.
Great. Except the fact block doesn't work
Cool to meet people
Still some connection problem
Good site to meet women
Bit slow with loading but over all nice app easy navigation 4 stars for now
Bit slow with loading but over all nice app easy navigation 4 stars for now
Its good software but sometimes its to be crazy bcz its dosent allow for send messege to any people ,but complatly its good software also new update. Thanks
Its Ight but there is a bunch of people on here that don't even use this sight any more
It's the coolest
I had more fun when I was paying. When you stop paying, the activity slows down.
Just cause someone is popular shouldn't stop me from talking to them. the popular ones are the only ones I want to talk to and I can't.
I wish it updated faster
Good app
It's really a great social networking app. I like it very much.
Its okay updates too much and fone cant store all data...
I think it's cool  but needs work
meet some nice people good fun
meet some nice people good fun
great app but needs free chat rooms!
Not bad so far!!
Great place to meet ppl ,im from Chicago n is great
good for making online  friends
Its pretty good. I like the fact that you know exactly where the people are located
Meet good people..
New update not letting me access anyone !
More easy to use, clean screens and easy to use. Perhaps the conexion and update location take more time than before...
Alot of females is on badoo its great but the new upgrades r fuckin whack old 1 is better
Good enough
Since update, keeps saying "no internet connection" even though I'm at hone using my WiFi. I love the new format, and wen it works its brill, but pls fox connection probs :-)
I dont like the New update
Mantaapp, nice appz
Love it
Great place to met people
I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the last updates that make the app run bad it constantly say its in offline mode even when having full internet service
Good app
Had fun
Not bad
Awesome site!
Just good app to made friends
Great way to meet new people
Pretty easy to use
I don't know most Ppl giving it a bad review but as for me I love it I get updates whenever anyone sends me a message or they wanna meet up...
Good app, the new updare missing zoom of images . Nokiavista.com
Great App if you get super powers...make sure to manually downgrade again else they keep charging you.
Badoo is great but can do so much better. The last udate kinda ruined it srry
Yeaaaaaaaaa
Love the app. Better than using the computer
Love this app
Great app.
Just right, requiring improvement in some areas though.
Better than the desktop version
We should be able to send private messages in a chat
Good....
Ok i guess
not bad, but could be much better
App its pretty fun
Im no pretty boy and even i can get more dates than i can handle.  Only downside sometimes the location tends to lie abit.
Very good.
Great app
I did notice some  problems after the last download.
Meet lots of ppl
Please change back to the old style. Since iv updated it my connection keeps going off. Getting mad with it.
Not bad
addictive... ;-)
Good service needs a bit of free activities to make it better
Is getting better
Please bring back the older version, this version is very poor...Why cant u see the last time or date of when a person was online? :'(
Nice
It works just great for me!The only things that "bother" me are that theres no discreet and no online/offline users button!Thats all!
Was working fine until today .... get it working and you will get 5 stars as it keeps saying no internet connection . But I am connected .. sort it
Good updates
Good updates
Update** Recent updates have take this app to a whole new level. Keep up the good work guys
cant see any profile pic , itd freeze
Pretty good
Like it
This is ok.
Wont let me install latest update....
It's good
It's alright I guess.
Finally up to date with the iPhone version.
Since new layout was updated keep getting no internet connection message even on Wi-Fi. Bring back the old layout was so much better AND IT WORKED !!
Best app on play store to meet new peoples nearby. I love it
0.o
si jala pero no jalan lol
Its iight
Very Nice.
I like it
Great
Will see how it is after this last update
Nyc sometimes
Awesome
I love it!!!!
Hate when something says free but limits usage unless u pay.
Its a great app just one problime... I dont have credit card so I cant open who want to meet with me...
please add option to search people by their languages or nationality..
5
from toledbo
from toledbo
Where did the filter icon go ?!!
I got this cause I noticed friend had it n I'M curious
Esta Perro el pedo es que cobran
I give 4 stars, I still didn't meet anyone. :)
PEGGY
Great app
I met the most beautiful Filipina in the world thank you badoo.
Cool
این برنامه فوق العاده است و کار کردن باهاش خیلی ساده است. اگر سرعت اینترنت شما خوب باشه صدای شفاف وبا کیفیتی خواهید داشت. از استفاده وایبر هرگز پشیمان نخواهید شد دوستان !!!
Its okay I guess... they should implement a freak flag... go ahead let it fly... LOL
Tha new update looks gud but tha old version is much better.
No bad a suppose .
Im only here to chat and no else
I like it...met a few people some are now my best.
Needs more to be active and puplic!
I've hooked up no out of pocket exspeces
Good
Good
It always a no internet connection everytime I attempt to open the application
Very nice new layout
Excellent
Nice for flirt
Good
Love it !!! Great
:) love it
It's aite
excellent
Worked great until the last update, can't get connection anymore, have to reboot my phone to connect once, if I try to connect again it won't work, have to reboot.
Meeting  the ladies  is easy this way and if I don't like them I don't have to talk to them
Areet!!!! 4gstars
Nice I like so much
Why can't we block people anymore
Relly but if would be better if you can send pocture trout messages
Ok
Women on here think they are too much!
A lot of fun
where is sing out? ??!!!
It's cool
ไม่ด ี
Really very cool. Many steps above competition.  Will be nice to download pictures though. Waiting for that feature in future upgrades
I have met allot of girls here
How to share location in this newly updated badoo?
To many big girls. Had some luck site came in handy though. Throw ya line in the water an you'll get a bite guaranteed!
The new updates really sucks! Can't even zoom on images plus so many small n yet annoying thangs.
Love this social network. But sometime the lication not acurate.
Its pretty cool
Good App
Ruined a decent app.
Random glitches and failed loads.
Good I find a good ppl in this site...
A good app but not entirely free if you wanna boost your chances of copping off. Can't really fault the app as it does deliver and although the vast majority of the peeps are decent like with any site you get your braindeads. Beware of false profiles also.......common suspects are from South Africa namely Ghana!!
Badoo is easy to use and you will be able to meet a lot of people in your area. Great features but there are limits where you have to buy points to use them.
love the new update
everything good, same 4 star.... something not ok, i am online with my pc... so same time i go  online with my "fake gps" on one more pc i am offline...so something not working same problem before, but something fixed already, for go inside 2 or more diveses... before can not go inside, now ok!!!.. thank you! you have a email, so you must allow everything at any place i go inside! i hope you can do! thank you! soon i will try with my new good mobile!
It's ok but encounters should be free or at least show a certain amount for free
It could to better,
Pretty cool.
Its a good app. just b careful cuz theirs alot of liars and fakes..
good
I use it on my Galaxy Tab and am always able to see a wide range of potential dates close by. I have been able to connect with quite a few lovely people.
Wont free money? I tell u go appstore get apptrailer type brakedance enjoy
Excellent! Would recommend it to anyone looking for a trap!
Serves it's purpose well, although I would like to see more options in the search criterion and a filter to block particular contacts, such as smokers for example. Otherwise, the new Aug 2012 version is a winner in my opinion!
i love the new app its fresh and fun... i only wish for som more updates in the chat part....i dont know like more friendly
Awesome
I downloaded this app many months ago and use it almost everyday, it is a great place to chat and make new friends but only given it 4 stars because badoo has been going wrong allot lately resulting in either not being able to login or account being screwed up. I have also experienced the app slowing down and even crashing at times but that was before the recent update so maybe it is fixed now. Another bad point which i hope that badoo will do something about it the superpowers, reduce the fee or amount.
Finally. Big improvement
why did you stop the city filteration? i dont want to search in one small place where im located....  please return it as it was
Great software
I like. Badoo
It was fine how it was b4!
Recommended app if you want to know people from your country or others.
New interface takes time to get used to. Im not digging the fact that i lost the function to know how long ago someone watched my profile
Its All right
Better than I thought I was
good
En su última actualización se convirtió en una de las mejores apps para conocer gente. Recomendada.
da app is great...but very few gals whi u can chat wit. sum r far...da ones near hv their inbox full and so on..but worth a try
Vvv ci
not a bad app worth getting x
İ like new interface but i see 2 issues: i cant zoom in photos and i cant copy text from my messages... before it was possible. Why i cant now?
Best site to meet people bar none!
Had to pay to get all features to work.
Good
If it was totally free it would get that 5 star review
since the update had installed... the option to block a person has been removed. now i dont feel so safe chatting.
Its great for meeting someone around your area
This update is ICS compliant with an iPhone app layout ... Either way the update is really nice ... Just ask the devs to bring back the ability to zoom into pictures .... And the combo widget
Good app
Visitors section doesnt refresh. Notifications wonky. Gotta redo by review after playing around with updated version
Very good but consumes amazingly the battery...
Gud n som tyms very irritating
It's cool
It works and looks better than the last version. But it could use some work.
lots of women
The update was rubbish hate the new layoit go back i prefered to open badoo and see if i had a message not click 20 diferent things to see!!!! Sort it out
Ive chatted to some great people on here but it will never be facebook (which isnt neccessarily a bad thing).
Great.
If u looking for that side loveing
Thanks to this app and Site I mostly ever need to spend money on drinks outside or go to the gym. Getting s3x is very easy and good for your health and as I said above you don't have to waste your time out listen to hear what she is study etc and then not score.  Recommended if you are not looking for relation material.
For meeting people
Love it
The distance it shows isn't precise. Because my friend and i were on and in the same.room and it said we were miles apart so it isn't accurate just an estimate a shytty one at that lol but um just make it more blocker friendly i hate that i block people AND THEY STILL GO THRU MY PROFILE!!!!
There needs to be more Free dating sites
Great... Nice app..
Every since the update it keeps telling me no data or check with service provider.
Good
Needs more women aha
Nice app
Good.
Not terrible
Cool app
Excellent i love it.
Fun n friendly
Fuckin yeah!!
It's all good the only think I personally don't like is that you find so many fake people.
Love it!
Not bad wish it had a little more fun to it ...
فاشل
It is nice but I hate that fuckin and annoying thing... It signs me out so often.. And I think it shouldn't.. It should just stay singed like facebook or msn.. Other than that is very nice.. You find a lot of ppl near you.. Mostly guys... But its really interesting
Badoo good application, but sometimes I have to log in, i mean is log out as an automatic so you have to log in again and again. please, update the system to easy use.
Everything needs to be more stable
You need to get this
minus1 for the scammers
Good but keeps forcing me to sign in when I switch apps and come back :'(
Try it might,,, you might find something your going to b very interested on.!.
Adding chat filter (online, conversation, etc.) is missing... Otherwise I'll give it 5 stars
It wouldve gotten 5 but you can only talk to a certain amount of people
Da app is cool. Its something to do.
Nice app to find local people when I'm traveling.
It's up there with the others but needs updates.should be able to upload pix str8from apps wen chatting.ill wait for the next updates n c if you get 5stars.
???
Cool
as long as u don't take it to serious ;-)
could be better. could be worse. search and filtering options need improving. other than that..not bad for free.
Can use more peoples in local surroundings
I met this fine girl from round the way and didn't even know. Who she we till badoo
More features please...
Take that 20 contact thing off its b.s. idk what that means
Really fun and easy to do
Cool app. But they should try n make it completely free!
I've met a couple cool people :)
The last update as of today was whack.It now makes me sign in every so often within the last couple of hours.1 thing that sucks is it doesn't let u pick ur own profile picture.And it's 1 thing 4 them 2 make money off the app but a monthly subscription?Rather thn look @ randoms it would be nice if there was an advanced search option so you can better narrow down your search to people within ur preference. Then it's up 2 you 2 decide whether someone u at least find attractive a jerk or not. Just suggestions.
I think everybody should be required to reply back want somebody wants to talk weather it is just a saying no I don't want to or yes I will
Love this app.
Why I can't change my profile picture? When I press on edite button it takes me to add picture..update please..
I like but need to make it easy for men too ...
Nice app to meet ppl from around da world...
At times, one or two people dies reply.
عجييب
very good.
What
Fantastic....give it a try.
Great job doin this badoo perfect app
Met some pretty cool ppl!
Ide 5 star it if it was all the,way free
Met a lot of people includeing my ex that's why only 4 stars, lol
Would have given 5 if it had no daily limits
Good, but still don't have all the features that the original have.
It works fa me. Sometimes it be signing me out idk y fix dat
Fun app but needs to get a "block from profile!"
Very slow in loading pics !
So far i've met some nice ppl on badoo but I hate the ugly ones checkin out my page even after I blocked them
Not bad
I like the versatility in This app.
I love this
Great game
This app is phoney no one ever answers people dont exist and all it really wants is money . Dont waste ur time
Great and fun
I cant seem to change my password cool app tho.
like it alot,would give it 5 if free
Its great for nearing people if you're not in a rush
Love it!
Its gud
Fun a way to have new friends and date me people.
Only bad thing is that you can't.change what picture you want to be as your profile picture unless you delete them all till you get the 1 you want
I used to love this app now its annoying me it wont stay logged in please fix
Very good app
It's a nice app but it keeps signing me out... Fix and you got 5 Stars.
Good
Good place to meet new ppl at n stuff
Alot of ugly women on here
The girls are fake on here
good
This app is better than the cheap apps out there I do recommend it
Too many shemale/maknyah/bapuk/pondan....Emmm think about it...
Its ok but is slow.if its farst i realy love this app
I wish peoples pics would be lil larger ...I luv alll the different games u offer too ;-}
Nothing wrong but it can freeze up 1 time in a blue moon other than that cool alot of cool guys
Not bad though a lot of girls are flaky
It's okay
Good one
Great site
This is a really good app but some of the girls that r cute really don't even reply but its their loss
Awesome
Great for people looking for that #1
Great for people looking for that #1
Nice application..... helpful to make new frnds ....
Good
But I'm not sure if i want to pay for this on a monthly basis. There's not even an option for a one month only subscription. So, until it has that option,..ill use the free version.
Easy to use.  Fun to see  who's in the area
Great app to meey new people any where you go in the world.
Orate
Only negative is that it doesn't keep message history. Would be a 10 if it did!
Very good
Paying for this site is not really worth it but its still cool and some actual connections are made
Nice work people
Badoo is by far the best site to meet new people! I love it!!!
I think that it will be better if u add the nationality in the profile.
I like this apps very much
Jest ok
Jest ok
نايس
Its a good app to find new ppl near u ... jus a few times might not tell u when u get a msg frm someone
Way better than my initial thought :)
I've been on thus site for a year , met 4 women been laid a lot !
It's good I like it
I've been having a great time using this app, and I've meet some wonderful people along the way!
Like it
Some fakes, some idiots but some decent people to
Its cool lots of hot guys compared to other sites
Love it
I hate that it's not all the way free! You have to pay for premium services. Other than that, its pretty good!!!
Getting better !
so fun
Its a good. ... Ita a chance of meeting a new people and make a friend
Such
Meet girls easier not too bad
Nice app, keeps track of where its users are and shows you all the users in your area. It costs to use there services unlimited, but will worth a try. Test the trail version, its very fun
All of it is not free
Good interface...
buena
Great app over all.
Great way to meet new ppl worth the download
get to meet lotta funny and crazy people and sometime u get lucky
Could have better filters, beware of tons of scammers! They get 4 stars because when someone is reported, they take very quick action! And the chat option is great.
coolq
Its goes offline a lot but its an interesting site.
Great app!!!!! love it
great '
Just disable your location. It won't show your distance.
OK application
I've met some interesting people on here so its a pretty cool site
Its good
Great app just wish could change profile picture to wht I want it to be
Ya this is nice for a date.
:)
Great library of different women to chat with
I like it.....great social network
Would get 5! But with out a paid membership it can be limited" especially the user controls!
Not bad, does what it says it does with minimal forced closures. Good app
Great App Receive Ton Of Messages! But It Would Be 5 Stars If They Had A "Whats Happening Now" Post
Still automatically offering people from nearby town. If setupcmanually then OK. Instead of this it's nice app.
Badoo is very cool.
Nice place to meet peoples around you or in culo land ,but you got to remember to always be on point ,or you're surrounding OK , want to meet someone get on badoo try it you mite get lucky one love.
It's pretty str8
I like it
Not bad
Good place to meet new people. Although you must be interesting or nobody will write back lol
Cool
Pretty good for a free app but could do with a bit of work
Pretty good, been on a lot of dates these past few months. :-)
Youll find what ur looking for
Ok, met some cool people, but it required a lot of weeding out bad. Also, it killlllllllllls my battery.
Great apo. Need some fixes. And a sign out option
Have not met anyone yet but...u can chat. A lot
You have to be careful
Lots of issues finding my location, overall good app
Yep
Enjoy it
Love this app its fun and friendly hooe everone enjoys it like have
"I really dig this dating apparently but u have to fix the bugs."Im never able to keep a private pic because every time I take one as soon as I leave my profile or the site it erases the photo otherwise its a great apparently!"
its a very intersted nd good application
..
Met a few people...
Best so far meeting new people. Would recommend but have to watch out their are a few how are not what they seem
Great app for new people to meet singles and friends around my area but is kinda slow
Its cool
Very useful, but sometimes it has a delay at the transmission of information.
can have  better ppl view
Great 4 meeting new people
I've met some cool folks
great apps :)
Pretty coo not nasty creeps on here just nice people to socialize with
Alot of spam on here dumb people from like west africa die time wasters
I like this application because it's not specifically centered around random hook ups like other apps on here. I wish that your interests mattered more when seeing people nearby pop up though.
A little buggy but it's alright
I like it a lot
This application has a very nice idea, to let people meet from the same area..
Not bad
Hammoud
Thats all n good app
see this app would be 20 times better if it just let u talk ansg all day wen u get to 20 ppl in a day u can talk no more
Gud
App is much better than the pc version
Very cool app. You really can meet interesting ppl whatever area you are in. Totally reliable app.
Great site luv the interaction.....
Like
Luv this
Good for a quick hookup
Great social network
Nice app shame some of it u hace to pay 4
Nobody talks, too many bots, and too many inactive users
Accept for fake profiles
Works great on my Galaxy S 2.
Nice app for meeting others but too many crazy folks
Ok type
Dwnload dyz
Yea
I like this., it is fun
Man i like dis site badoo is better then most i been on
OK app
It ok
Fun
Nice
Love app wish you could earn super powers for a day or few hours
Its a good way to meet ppl, but most ppl are stuck up
nice app user friendly but minor bugs and deleted my videos completely if u could fix this I give 5!	celkon@a95
Not bad, mostly free access to profiles and messages but slick charges here and there for lil dumb stuff but affordable ;-)
Great app. Easy to use and great selection of people.
to delete profile Go to any email they send you at btm of it small prnt n blu say opt out Thn go to left on pg u tkn to&find Delete Profile in blue
Yes it's definitely a great and fast way to meet new people. Within 24hrs the amount of people msging you be friends and more!!...
Just wish there was a woman that wanted too meet me x
Better than it's ISO counterpart. Sorry Apple. :)
This is a really cool app. to meet people and get some.........
Dont like the idea that you have to chat with the person to ask for her private pics.
Would be better if it didn't have a limit on how many people you could message fix that and I'll give 5 stars
Its good for a free site
Great to use to pass the time
Great
Need a better way to talk, I like it
I thought it was totally free. You can't contact whomever you want unless you pay.
Its ok
works good.
Ok
Why can I only vote 100 WTF
This is a nice app, had it for 5 month's and found a great guy that guess what.... lived down the street. He may be the one thanks Badoo.
The app is good, but the actual website (and next, the app) needs more features and options.    And the "nearby" changes when I travel even 15 miles and it'd be cool if I were still able to view people from back home...
I really like this app but, I just lost a whole bunch of conversations that I was having with new people I met! I don't know why they were erased from my inbox but I don't like it! NOW I have the tedious job of hunting down everybody I was chatting with...ugh!!! Smh...other than that, for the free version it's pretty cool. I have actually recommended Badoo to my friends :-( / :-)
Ok
Im loving this site.
Haven't got hooked up yet
Super like
Is a decent app, needs more work.for 5 stars.
Need to have restriction removed for not wanting to post pic......
Had it on my ipod.. got it on my droid bionic. I absolutely love it.. the only thing is I can't figure out how to turn the vibrate feature off for it. Ugh
Badoo needs more options and controls.
its awesome lots of cuite guys n nice ones but.........some are fakr pics n some are weird n some are.just not lookers.whatsoever...... i dont think its good about superpowers and payin since im sure they dont need to charge would b nicer n id give a 5 if it was free
-for limits  :-(
Love it, meeting new people where you stay without leaving home
It seem pretty good so far. Just be mindful of the crazies!
Nice but slow
Not bad
THE site is Cool
Great
I love it
Kk
There's always people online and its fast and easy best part it's completely free!
Hit an miss...easy to use and the people are legit love using badoo in my downtime.
I meet a lot of friends in badoo
Simple and gr8 for killing time...
It good
All the best but improve more features n setting
Easy, simple and free
Easy to use.if you love mtng new people thz app will help you..i meet few:)
If your from a small town like me your gonna have to travel
Good app for finding people locally if only a bit issue with others intentions but quickly removed once identified. Would recommend to all and have been using on my galaxy s2
Tryna p
I like this app the way it works is really easy and it is visually very nice. I would recommend this app to anyone. I have tried a bunch of other apps and this us my favorite.
This app s good ... But sucks battery n memory ...
Cool App, nice people on this. As with any social networking use common sense and be careful.
Great app butttt.... Battery drainer and lags a lot.
Too bad the females in my area are ugly as hell
Latest updated works with Jelly Bean..
Good chating apply
Fun!
It's pretty cool. I've met some awesome people on badoo.
It's pretty cool. I've met some awesome people on badoo.
It's a good one I suppose Lol
Cool stuff
Tx so cuuuul.
Good fun site and lots of lovely people there too.
It would be great if there was not a limit on how many ppls u can speak to plz give us more options
Need some more to go great
:-*
Badoo is a good place to meet people, but if you want to put a lot of money into by all means. You really can't do much on the free accoubt, I would only suggest  this apt if you want to dink around.
Works very well on HTC desire and desire s
Need to be able to get more specific with the area search.. .and to put in a name for friends already on
Cool app
Its ok.. Having trouble getting to the site. Always takes me to the page to dl app but its downloaded so wtf lol big headache n where is the settings?!
To many people not on hear any more need to weed out old members
Little to no real people here, few filled filled in profiles with majority profiles uncompleted & even fewer replying properly to queation/queations asked. Suspect high majority fake profiles with spambots in charge
I use it in my free time but feel like its a east of time a lot of them don't Wright back
The first app i found that's on the real. Ty craters
Cool site. Notifications don't always come through to phone though.
Lots of fake female users, but the app is great :-)
No one seems to chat
Great app for meeting ppl.
svaka cast dobra app
Awfully slow.Its time to fix the connection issues.
Awsome
The best app
I love it better than most
People are real, fast response and easy
And you meet people of your persuasion. Just don't sign up for a dating service if you're asked, some people work for these other sites and are chatting it up on Badoo for marketing basically
Its a good app all people should have this app
They make you pay to look at the profile of people YOU want to meet wtf...
awesome app
slick
I liiike it
Keep up the good work
I love this app
I love this app...
Love this site
V
Nice  connection  betwen  worlds.
Nice  connection  betwen  worlds.
Thanks for fixing :-)
Thanks for fixing :-)
Love this application
Good
Nothing bad. Pretty good to me.
lovly app thanks for hooking millions of people up
I love it
Niceee but bad conextion
10
The best.
Super
Good app:)
great way to text free
I like to look for girls Interested in me
Love it I even met great folks on here
This app is complete junk.. 99% of the girls on here are fake! And the dam thing dont work half the time!!
Badoos ok but could b btr
I like this app.. Its a great way too meet others in ur area when ur home away from home
Cool site. Cool app. Cool People. Dassiit!
Ths is fun
Ths is fun
Ths is fun
Great app for meeting people
Awesome!!;)
Fun
It's a nice app and a fun service
It's good to meet new people
Great site to date on
Bad and bad Slow and slow
Like it
Great app,nice interface.....
I met my fiance on this I am from the usa and he is from france and we met through badoo. We met in real life and now we are engaged living in france. I am not just a wife to be but a step mommy as well. Sure you have to pay for somethings on here but you don't have to pay to meet a great person and you cannot buy love. Thank you badoo I am so happy.
The best ....
Works great and you get to meet a lot of people.
good to have
I meet my fiancee on here. Hes amazing
Excellent
Good app... The only problem is that i always meet women that live hundreds of miles away that I really like...smh
Good app... The only problem is that i always meet women that live hundreds of miles away that I really like...smh
Like it
Good app
Good fun
Good fun
awesomeeeeeee I've dated 30 girls in 3 years I've been here!!! no joke
Its fun easy and quick for you to meet people
It cool if u looking for someone to spend time with
You can find old and new friends love it
You can find old and new friends love it
It's cool
Superb
I lov badoo its fun and u meet exciting people
The most amazing chatting application ever on android market...I love it°
I love tis app
This is the best sight I've ever been on
Muy bueno
Awesome
A great application to make new friends
Very Good no issues
Have meet a lot of women off this site. Ty badoo!!
Marked it down cause i really liked it.. But now i am constantly on offline mode.. Uninstalling  till sorted can't sign out on my phone :-( x
I love it
The app is great except it keeps saying I'm in offline mode when I'm not. They have it all figured out and it works very smoothly otherwise.
I just upgraded and now its just frozen on my messages -_-
I like badoo coz i lose my x gf tnx god tnx bad
Excellent .
worth downloading. great app great ppl
great! awesome app!
Stupid app is stuck in offline mode, even when I turn my internet on and off it still won't change. Can't even use it anymore
Excelant program
Its okay
Fast!
I love it wish u can put a city cause u meet nice people but far from u and its FREE WHOOT WHOOT
I love this dateing app
Nice social network.
Badoo is aight
Fantastic tool to meet people and maybe more...
The best
Good
I like this.
I like the format.
Awesome
Was 5 stars, but after the last update, still annoying me with the offline notification. Now I will give only 1¾ star. I don't like this new badoo. :-(
Nice app
Nice app
Easy to use, find friends or romance
Good
This app is cool. Its worth downloading. U might hit n miss a few times but other than that its a keeper
This app is cool. Its worth downloading. U might hit n miss a few times but other than that its a keeper
Excellnt
love badoo
My homie put me on.
It looks a lot better
Cool
Its cool. Actually talk to real people
Good
Hmmmmm
Is a nice an easy spot to meet new friends
This is cool, it could be as big as Facebook if everything was free
I I found my true love on Badoo I love it thank Badoo
awesome app.
Love it
Super!
Cool
Really good
Flirt time..
Flirt time..
Toda meet new people
Good
Always says of line connection is ok but can't get on it its rubbish since updates
Love this :)
Love this :)
Tambah2 teman bicara....
Awesome
Heyyy...i cant use this app after updating to new version....plss fix it...	I m downgrading my rating from 5star to 1 star. After I update it....the new version is impossible to use...it suckssss..... Plsss badoo guys....fix it
Totally cool app.
sweet
Very nice
Great way to meet locals
This is a great app!
Very good to meet people and make friends
Don't have to pay to send a messsge unlike many other apps like this.
Awesome
Really nice app! Nothing bad about it! Met already really nice guys! :D
Nice
Worked brilliantly until it updated to the new layout. Constantly says offline no internet connection in both wifi and 3G areas sort it or I will delete this otherwise fab app!!!
It's app worth 5 stars
Nice
Ya, pretty dece.
<3 this app
I thynk dia app. Not more use in india...it was grat..
Love this app
Tanks for this.
Wow I love it
Its aight
Its aight
Good
Good
I like that it lets you chat with people around your area. Great way to make friends.
Met a really sweet guy on here! He is so sweet I deleted my account for him so no one else can talk to me!:)
Met a couple ppl on here. It's koo.
I rate badoo a five star Great way to get out and meet people thanks Badoo
Alot of fake ppl tho:/
Sick
Great
Its mint to make frie
Verey good   Hat
Better than most others
I love badoo
Does what is says.
This site gives me a chance to meet an date nee people.
Lovely. I almost prefer the mobile app to the website.
Have to pay. Other than that, great! !!!!!
Great app, just keeps logging me off constantly
It show offline its not working anymore, after the update ...pls fix s2 user.
Actually worth your time
This app helps to make new friends in the area.
This app helps to make new friends in the area.
Messaging takes a while. Need other forms of payment if credit card not available '
Excelente
Itz hell of a app
I Love it!!! Works great haven't had a problem I've been using it for 3months
Ja tiz goot ja
Ever since the update, it rarely has network connection regardless if it's on wifi or 4g
Good App  Good App!!!!!
Great
Ok
1A
This is a nice app for everybody
I love these
very very gd
Like it
This is a unique platform and its allowed me an ample opportunity to get to my desire of an exemplary love...
Wery good
Error no internet connection
Is fun
Good stuff
Amazing good app nothing to.falt and.can.use as desk top on.pc and.website ace can
Nice
Its Awesome:)
Doing greate, like it.
good app
Its Awesome!
like!
Setup was horrible, location had me in a different state and couldn't change it. Overall not worth it.
Simply the way we date today. Very good way to meet people!
Love the app!!
The best social network ever
Completely awesome coz if some one able to finds love partner which means life starts to breath. Badoo I salute you
Very useful site
LOVE THIS application
Alot. This is way better than actually getting up to meet people.
Goodoo
I like
:D
very good
Meeting great people lovin it.
Great app
Rarely any problems with the app
It's ok
Lidan dan, bandy itunu yah!
Keeps saying no internet connection when there is.
Great
Loi
Loi
Es buena y funciona en el 5360
I am have a ball with this app.
I like Badoo
Excelente Excelente!!
I like it
Best dating site yet!
Its fun, met some nice people.
Verry god app needs to inprove for android
Great app! Very coordinated and responsive.
Its a lot of ladies on here
Is cool
I hate this app! Makes my phone freeze & go slow. Works better on the computer
Good good good
Nice app
nice
NICEEEEE
KOOL!!
Great apparently....hmmm I don't I need it..
Awesome. Luv it! U meet new people everyday. Glad to see new faces.
Good
I love this app, I have meet so many cool ppl but just not the one I'm looking for yet.
Very good
Pretty responsive chat feature.
Love this apt
great app! Works very well
I likey!
Excellent application
Badoo is excellent
OK
Best dating website
Best dating website
Way yo meet good people
bj
This site always has difficulty condition to WiFi or mobile internet so not much use seeing everything offline
S Love it!
Good place to meet Ladys
Great app
Great app
The best
Cool app
Pretty nice
And the app compliments it well.
And the app compliments it well.
And the app compliments it well.
And the app compliments it well.
very nice
This app hasn't not let me down yet
Its awesome app I love it really
I met my Bb here from reading,pa her name Melissa ruiz my love
I met my Bb here from reading,pa her name Melissa ruiz my love
I met my Bb here from reading,pa her name Melissa ruiz my love
I met my husband from this site.
I love it
I love it
Yes!!!
I have meet so many people using this app...i love it....a must have...
I have meet so many people using this app...i love it....a must have...
Very good site
I like. Your format
Another update that fails big time. Site visitors are now in a variety of different places, depending if they've visited previously or not so are almost impossible to find. Unable to see who's decided what in Encounters. I'm being generous with awarding 1 star. Whoever developed this needs to go back to making the coffee or seek an alternative career. Re 2.0.7 what happened to 2.0.6? Milk & 2 sugars please, and chuck in a biscuit. Please bring back the one I had 2 weeks ago! And why am I now getting men in my search when I'm heterosexual?? SORT IT OUT!!
Good woooiw
Its simply fabulous.
It works great
Very good app
Much better than cupid or match. Com
I would recommend it
Its ok
Great little thing.
I  love this app
Good place to network
Nice
Está nova versão ficou bem mais aprimorada e fácil de usar! Parabéns!
Love it
nice
Cool
Fast fun and exciting
I like it tooo much
Hey
Cool. Love it
Its cool :)
This app is so fun.
Nice
I meet and fell in love with the most wonderfull woman in the world on your website.so thanks a million. David olson
You get to know new  people besides other stuff.
You get to know new  people besides other stuff.
Tggg
Tggg
Its a cool app
Great app
I.love it
Good program , nice upgrade done ...:...............................
They have a great app now.
Good people hd photos & onfo but lots of BS restrictions
I liked it before the update!
Luv it
Whatever
Good
Good
On point
social network ever
:-)
The best. It works and instantly connect locals in your area.
The best. It works and instantly connect locals in your area.
Very good
It pretty fun!
Works great again!
Works great again!
I love this program . Very smart .and easy .
Fun
Many girls to hook up witb lol
Really good app :)
I love this application
Bueno
Badoo site is great. But need new woman on the badoo site because when i see one woman that i was inlove she keep putting more profile of her self .
Me gusta
Very good
Great
Good place to meet people
For me
Good
Need to be able ti change the search radius
Its good software but sometimes its to be crazy bcz its dosent allow for send messege to any people ,but complatly its good software also new update. Thanks
This is a great app. Good ppl on here. Like the way we Interact with each other.
Very good :)
Great app
Badoo.com/Mello1/  Ladies get atcha boy
Good
It's a good app try it!!!!!!!!
It's the coolest
Very nice app.
been using this app for a while now and nothing has gone wrong with it at all. its easy to use and easy to find people near you
Fine
Everyone is 100% real
Funtas
Love it!
Nice
Works great, but sometimes matches you with people kinda far away.
Just cause someone is popular shouldn't stop me from talking to them. the popular ones are the only ones I want to talk to and I can't.
I'm have a lot of fun with it
Fantastic Perfect Awesome My favorite I like it very much
Best ever
so easy to use on phone.love this app. higly recommended. luse it all the time :)
It's fun but need a little more features
Its good to always meet new people
Fantastic
The new version really sucks :(
Nice
Excellent app.
Cool
Good job
Cool app
cool
Its a good site
Blocking seems to have disappeared. Filters don't filter enough. I want to be able to find what I'm looking for & there's no way to do that with this.
Wow, meet new ppl everyday.
its whats up
Badoo is an awesome app for meeting new people. It's great, easy to use and works fine on my HTC Desire HD.  Keep up the good work guys.
A little buggy
A lil slow some times
Great app!!! Thank you..
the only thing i don't like is paying cheesy perks just to get noticed. the profile & convo is all that u need.
Wack
One of the best on the market Love .it
Luv it...:-)
It good...
Nice
Love it
I love it
I love it
Gps based...works well.
Good app
Ok app was great for me! I enjoy it and the people I meet
Meeting alot of new ppl everyday
Love it!
Fun fun fun
Good
Nice
;-)
;-)
I love it i have met many new and interesting people and one very special one also.
Im loving badoo. To the fullest nd thats coming all the way Frm baton rouge La.
Awesome! Have met a lot of great people :)
best app
It's good application
Works
FIRME....
FIRME....
It's great
great app
Does what it says on the tin. Let's u check mails and conections. It works. Now get real girls on here. Who want to meet
V good
Is great I meet fine new females
Great app.
Cool site I love it
Great place to meet ppl ,im from Chicago n is great
Brutal
Long story cut short, this app has had a make over to look like the iPhone menu. Grey silver dull buttons n colours. you can no longer chat to popular people unless you pay for super powers. It does not show entire country anymore. Only shows your city. That's lame because it's nice to meet people from different backgrounds of life. The app is very poor now. The interface is just too iPhone like n it looks like any other typical dating site app now. Badoo has lost it's.mojo, nothing special about it anymore
Does what it says on the tin
Thumbs up...
Thumbs up...
good fun app
You can actually use this app.  Lol
Great
Great
THIS WEBSITE SHOULD BE ALL FREE.
Great for making friends and meeting. Also its free too. You cant believe how many people are out there
But just got to watch for scams there are lot of them  There are some good people too
Love it
Love this app its awesome
Great app ;)
Prefect to meet girls for one night stands
ok
Its awesome
I love it!! :D
Great
Friend finder.
Not the worst I've seen
I found some good friends :) I love it also b.Cuz any where u go it show the ppls of that area and around that area :)
Good enough
Nice user interface and not a scam like some apps
I love it
Good to meet new people!
Cool social network
I enjoy this
Good app
Love it
Yea, i met some bitches and got laid...
Great place to met people
This is a great site to meet people or just to natter
I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the last updates that make the app run bad it constantly say its in offline mode even when having full internet service
Very good app.
Real conversations, Real connections, Real everything. B-)
Sometimes get bored wit the unpaid version
Very good app. I met someone the same day i download the app. And now we've been tigether for 3 yrs.
It's ok.
wish we could add and talk to as many people as we want not just a few.  but all in all good.
I like!!
Nice aplication
great an awesome site to meet people
Ortiz
Its great
Its great
My favorite apps
Met a few ppl here and still talk to them..
I think that the previus version its better
Cool
Add super powers for free
I like it.  Love to meet new people
Like it
Excellent.
Like it. And its great
Its best its the best of the for fun
ok
it is very good site to use
Nice
Nice
Its a good time pass
This nw update is realy waste of tim, im going to unstalled this app . N lik to giv 1 star rating to ths nw update app
K
Shahzad
Cool.
Cool.
Very good
Very good
Pretty cool...there should be a selection in the search filter for a certain race selection to allow people the choice of the race they choose to browse through for friends...
Very good
Great app, alot of great people to chat to
I like
Superb
V. Goooood
Its cool but some men are toooooo persistent !!!
Good App!!!
Good place to chat and have a laugh
With all the other sites i have been too, badoo is the most suggested site to go to. I have met some of the most down to earth woman and most real. After this one, there is no other for me.;)
Go back to the way it was
Ppl this is good, i want to ask if there is no rules in this game of show ur pics, too much nudity here pls!
No notifications on HTC Inspires :(
Best chatting zone and nice  images view simply  to use
Great app
I've gotten laid about six different times ethics women I met on here, it has policy looking for relationships or just fun so it's a great balance
Great
i luv it
Good
Great App if you get super powers...make sure to manually downgrade again else they keep charging you.
excellent
excellent
excellent
Great app it really helps at meeting new people
Badoo is as good as the food eat, as the water drink and the air we breath.It is my point of relaxation and recreation centre.
I love this app runs no problems and u get to meet awesome people
Cool app
OK
Excellent app!
Very cool
Great great
good
I really lyke thiz app....itz very ez 2 navigate n ez 2 chat wit ppl n look @ their pix....I love meetin n chattin wit new ppl....I havent had ne problemz @ all since I downloaded it n started usin it. Great job wit tha app n keep up tha gud work!! : )
Couldn't ask for more when dating took another step higher
I love the women on here.. Flow..
Nice!!!!
perfect site for dating
I like
Works great on my OG galaxy tab!
How do u sign in
I've hit a lot of em here
Iv met 5 ppl so far... Excellent ppl :)
Nice app works fast
very good site
And I love it
Good app.
I love it
I love it
Love this app
Love this app
Nice app!!!
Even if there are crazy people on Badoo it is a better entertainment than Facebook so it is an awesome app and a cool chat service.
Great
Love it...
Very user friendly!
Very safe I love it
Should be free
Should be free
Should be free
Great
Great
They r jus makin fun with these...
Good and fun site to meet chat. Only complaint is not being able to prevent unwanted visitors immediately.
Its awesome I've meet a lot  of ladies
This is a fantastic app for meeting the opposite sex.
Super!!!
ever since i updated badoo it has become very slow. it keep sayin no internet connection.. badoo was much better a few weeks ago. stop updatin badoo and pre-date it...
love it
love it
Nice app!!
Nice app!!
Great
amazin <3 it wish cud block frm phone xx
It can't be n e easier than this ...
Awesome site
The best!
Good
Love this app
I love this app
Thank baddo
Coolest apps around!
Coolest apps around!
So many nice people
This is the greatest app ever
I love it
Ok i guess
Love this app :P
Badoo want to charge for everything. I delete my account
Great way to meet new people.
Big  like
Good app
Great
Good site lots of people on it
Loved it
Nice app
You got to have this
Can't see who I clicked like on anymore and location not accurate...go back to the old version...would'cha and could'cha plz was 5* now 3*
Good apps but every time they ask for credit.....that is not good
Amazing  very useful
excellent
Is not working !!!!!!!!!!!
It works
I like it
This should be the standard for dating , u have only two contentions, one there is no setting for transgender people its sad . They are forgotten but that's normal ,and they updated is s copy of Facebook stay original
Before updating was much much better.n after updating I m thinking 2 uninstall this app.it sucks.
Don't bother. Its always telling me Im offline. Old version worked. This is just a waste of time
Great
Plz change it now. ?making me nuts...
Plz change it now. ?making me nuts...
Very good social application...I can't complain. Download it!
great
No complaints
I love this.
Good app
Suck
man this is cool never frezze and its cool girls txt u right away and meet with u quick download please.
Great app!
I like this site its really a fun site wouldn't trade it for any other
One of the best social application, i love it
Cool
Its a cool app
Gooddd
Way better than the online site
Met and phucked mad bitches in here....Thx BaDoO!
Its the coolest thing that happened to dating in recent time
luv diz apps
Fun app!
I met a beautiful 28 yearl Latina woman here.... Only in 10 minutes.... I even saw her face to face. My gosh she was fine....
Undercover freaks on here. Get it and get something going.
Good
Thank  you to  return  back  the  old  version..
trying out
Great for chatting and meeting
Hello
It needs the GPS opition back in chat, and needs to fix the "you are using badoo offline" problem
Fantastic app
Here
I love it!!!
Ths is cool I like it to pass time ths it       .bB Bby
Good like this
Totally sucks! Its just like FB now and I have no idea how to use my credits now. Btw this is a free app and other than that its pretty great.
I rather the older version.. The new one freezes and is slow the bugs isnt fix
4ever
Cool
Badoo is the best dating app.
Deff worth downloading. Great way to meet people in your area, to chat, meet up, or get a drink with.
Works good
PRETTY nice.... a lot of weirdos... but it's kool
Wow, the new UI is awesome!
I love Badoo.... And 2.0 is a much better mobile experience! I've already gotten laid like four times & turned one chick down!
Cool
Constantly says there is no network even though all other apps communicate fine. Have to force it to stop. Also takes ages to load pages and combos, even empty ones.
And easy to use
Old version was better. Thumbnails/text too small, and in two hours of having it installed, it had a wake lock active for over an hour. Poor.
Love this app
I like a lot.  The part I don't like updating few months. But that is okay. :) I hope to fine my true love one day.
Gooooddd
I love badoo app
جدا
Y
Nice work
I luv dis.....
Messing up wont load
AWSOME APP! I'm so happy i downloaded this i have met so many new friends! from nearby my house & also really far! i also met my boyfriend we have been datin for 7 months already thanks to Badoo! so far everything is great!!
Great Fun
Best ui out of all social apps
Thank u for thiz one •°®ight here key iz the one for me never world I knew her if not for thiz site really keep doing what God put u two here to do thanks again.   Ina Minute
Thank u for thiz one •°®ight here key iz the one for me never world I knew her if not for thiz site really keep doing what God put u two here to do thanks again.   Ina Minute
Everytime I log in it tells me no internet conection even though there is, it freezes a lot, it takes forever to load it just went to hell!
nice app to make new frens
Best way to get find new friends
Lebih cepet dari sebelumnya..
It's so great for having a relationship with people
It's a great way of meeting people!!:-)  I'll give it a ten!!!!
G I
Getting the hang of it...
Good app
Nice
so beautiful
The best
I really like this
Please downgrade it to the previous version. You have made it more complicated and useless. Cant select any other country and no more zoom support in the pics viewer. Old version was much much better.
I think so far its a good way to meet people
Great
Like the product
I luv this
Meet a lot if people on here never had any problems
Nice site
Badoo
Love it! Love it I get laid all the time!
Sergio
Soo best n faster
Awesome
i like
You can fine any one close to your area you can have fun with others love it
Great app
With latest update, FC when input location
It now crashes on my phone since this update
Amazing
Nice ,
Badoo is loads of fun.
Cool
5
There are some nice people on there.
Lovely applications
Its great try it out...
I met a special friend on here i luv it!
ชอบมากๆๆครับ ใช้งานดี
Makeing the world small
Badoo change now is putty bad , slow, no internet connection and much more , please came back to the older version
The update does have the search for others in other cities. Either y'all don't see the magnifying glass search at the top rite corner or y'all need a update again.
Nice working well i love it
Love it
Like
Great app to meet ppl in your area and other areas... only small issue is the delay in the messaging. Other than that it's alot of fun.
Great
Chickz
Great app to use, great to meet new people
Finally now ita an awesome app great updates
Great app
je to super aplikacia.
je to super aplikacia.
PEGGY
Lot of fun people but beware of escorts
Good
Cool
Great app
Great app
5
Real awsome..
Greet aps ,real people for a change.like it
:-$
Its fun and u meet nice ppl
9
Awesome
Great,,just GREAT!
I love it
Dont have much luck but it does keep me busy and meet new ppl every now and then
Love it
Its solid
Wooow
Thank you
It's good
Cool app for eye and chat candy lol
Nice job
This app seems like its just dead. Like its full of old profiles of people that don't use anymore. Plus it constantly tells me I'm in offline mode. So I have to restart my phone to fix it.
good
Works well
The Marvins
Funciona como lo dice!
The best way to meet new people!
Do what you do on badoo!!!
I lov this site. I'm not using it to meet a potential candidate for husband material. I'm only looking for new peeps for a new crew...
I lov this site. I'm not using it to meet a potential candidate for husband material. I'm only looking for new peeps for a new crew...
Good
این برنامه فوق العاده است و کار کردن باهاش خیلی ساده است. اگر سرعت اینترنت شما خوب باشه صدای شفاف وبا کیفیتی خواهید داشت. از استفاده وایبر هرگز پشیمان نخواهید شد دوستان !!!
It's alright. I wished they have to charge.
Look
Great app
Excellent
Meet some really great friends on here.  Thanks!
Its the best
This good for mett people
This good for mett people
How do you face book
Maybe this app looks good on a phone, but on a tablet it looks terrible!!!!! The older version was better, where can i downgrade this update?
Very nice application. Perfect for loners lol!
Cool little app.
Convenient
Well good song!what now?
Add me ladies
Cool
Recommend it!
Love it
Good
Mmm
Looking to stalk and waste time? Then this site is for you!
I like this app Becuz you don't have to get on Facebook
I like it...met a few people some are now my best.
The best of the best
Love it
There's nuthin like it!!!!
There's nuthin like it!!!!
Amazin
Great app for meeting new people
For trolling
For trolling
Super nice
Really good fun and a great set up.. iv loved this app for mnths n mnths x
It's great
Nice app
Very good site
awesome love it
Thought it'sn't easy you can still have sine fri ends....
It's stuck in offline mode for no reason at all when there's clearly full internet connection. There's a lot you gotta fix after rewriting the entire program.
Works very well good way of meeting people
Hella fun except for the creepy girls you meet every now and then...
lv it
lv it
Very enjoyable thanks
Unless you're from the Ivory Coast =P
Excellent
Nothing like it
great
Nice app
Nice app
Good
Great App!!!  Just one drawback... you still see people you have blocked in your search list....
Love it alot of hoes lol
Cool beans
XOXOXO , Love it , Thanx
Nothing but great marks from me. This is a free site and not too many spam bots. I have met some wonderful women here
Very nice app. Wowww
This is nice
Badoo
So much fun and easy to use. Best social dating site out there I reckon.
Cool.lil site
Yeaa
Good for making new friends..
I love it. Its a great way to meet new people
Nice one like it
The Facebook for dating
Awsome site
Great!!!
Kool
Got sex
I love this app i met a lot of girls already
I love this app i met a lot of girls already
Awsum
Nice App
Love BadoO. Love it. Love to meet new people.
Good
Absolutely love the new update, badoo has made a good choice by updating their interface for the users experience. Good job
There are a lot of cute girls on here
Good
Very good App I like everything about it besides the people who add pictures of celebrities and super models.
Very good App I like everything about it besides the people who add pictures of celebrities and super models.
Love it
Sweet Cool App.
Works great just wish it had a feature to take away people off line and now you gotta pay to see more people like I'm not made of money.
Some people real and some people fake, i give it 3 stars cause u gotta pay for things once they limit run out. I dnt pay to get to know someone, can be better
Ok
Great
Good
It is so awesome so easy find make a new friend on the list
Is one off the best app
Why mi bodoo say the im offline?
Thumbs up
The new update and look is amazing and the people on it are real.
The new update is a crap, it says "theres not connection, you're using badoo offline". The old version was wayyyy better.
Even though most woman are shy they still give us shy guys hope
A lot of fun
Muy  bueno
Cool!
Cool!
Lovr the new update!!
It's great meeting new people
Great App
Im loving it<3
I just updated it to latest version and now no pics are getting open.  What could be the proble.m?
Its shows only offline users, while there are many of them whom I know are online near me. No DISTANCE filter in the mobile version.
Super cool very nice
I love the new update I've never had to pay for anything plus I've met some cool people
Good clean way to hook up with good ladies
I get hours of entertainment.......I find it interesting.
It's your best choice to meet someone:)
Works well
Great
.
Its free and easy to use what else u need???
It is awesome
Good
Gud really gud
Really does hook u up with locals. Better than AFF or Plenty of fish.
Excellent
Luv the app,so many beautiful women
Love it
Its ok
Great app!!
Nice
Beat app for social. But I fuckin hate the bug in encounters. I rate the same ppl fuckin 20 in a row back to back with 8 different ppl
I just love how this site is so easy to work and view profiles.
I just love how this site is so easy to work and view profiles.
Really very cool. Many steps above competition.  Will be nice to download pictures though. Waiting for that feature in future upgrades
I met some girls on here
Badoo is real cool. I lov d app.
I love this app!
Badoo is a great way to meet people from all over the world. Very interesting.
Badoo is a great way to meet people from all over the world. Very interesting.
Exciting
Nice i like it cuz itz a good way to meet people thatcr close
Ive met a couple of freaks on here :-)
My hubby used this app to cheat on me.
Great
Superb !!!!!
Grrrrreat
Grrrrreat
Met some really fun ladies :)
Met some really fun ladies :)
Good app
Very nice site to be on
Very classy ladies
awesome app!
Fast...easy and interesting
I like Badoo..more power to ur show..
Badoo is a great way to make new friends. I love it.
Great
I've met a few friends and they are actually cool
Ace
If more of the options were free....
Good like it
Good like it
This a very good app to meet new people or just have a nice conversation.
Yep
I love this app, meeting a lot of nice people.  Hope they come up with a video chat feature soon.
Love it..!
Always great
Excellent..
Love this app please use. Also only updated it 3 times
برنامج ممتاز
Nice to meet people
Cool
Where you can make yourself feel at home.
Love it
i met so many peole im my area i love this app 5 stars all the way
Great
Rate 5star
Good Stuff and Nice People
Great on and a lot people
It's cool nice woman on here
Nice dating application
Best dating app yet so far.
awesomeee app
Awesome app
Love it
Very nice job with the new update! Way better!!
Everyone needs to try...
Everyone needs to try...
Like d d d d
Very nice program & i like the new design
good
Hate the new update It's awful :(
I liket
It's where I met my girlfriend!
Ok
Meet great people fast and closeby. Love it!
Love it works for phone n pc
Ruined a decent app.
Oh yeah
Awesome ((: I Met Many Friends And We All Hang Out Theres Alot Of People Nearby I Didnt knoo About ((:
Fun
Random glitches and failed loads.
I get to meet new people & I have fallin for some one omg.....
Beautiful women
A good app but not entirely free if you wanna boost your chances of copping off. Can't really fault the app as it does deliver and although the vast majority of the peeps are decent like with any site you get your braindeads. Beware of false profiles also.......common suspects are from South Africa namely Ghana!!
Very good application
Great app.....
Badoo is a great App is wish there was a 10 star rating for this
I make update yestrday ... the nearby window not open quickly and u cannot make zoom for pictures the old vrsion beter
good
nicee
amazing connetions  made  and i love it
this is cool!
Met many freaks... Bring more
Love the updates...easy to navigate and fun!
Pretty good free app
I really like badoo
Me gusta mucho la interface
Love this site easy to use
Watch u don't get addicted! :P
This new version sucks!should of left it how it was!
"INTERESTING"!
This is a really good app 2 meet new people
Its a good app. just b careful cuz theirs alot of liars and fakes..
This is a very good site meet more people and friends here this app rocks
I like this better than Zoosk!!
I use it on my Galaxy Tab and am always able to see a wide range of potential dates close by. I have been able to connect with quite a few lovely people.
Fun
Brilliant app
Great app
Great AP.......
One of the best apps
I love it !!!
Excellent
Excellent
Love it
Works well on galaxy s II
I like it
The perfect application!
But some fake people.
Much easier to use
You block people and u have keep.seen them
very good dating chat app best so far xx
very good dating chat app best so far xx
Let them roll, bum chicka wow wow
...thing! Thanx.
Фак еее
The new update sucks. :@
it was better before..
Badoo is nice to me new people Its a wonderful site
Its func: met new people, and have a girlfriend now (:
Nice and lovely apps
Very Good app love it met few people off it now top of the draw app.
Great !!!! Love the app
Baboo is great i just love it its so much fun a i love meting new people
I love it
Th7
Okay.improved.
Thay rock
Bagus buat ajang kenalan
Very nice app. Found lot of girls. This app is p@$$y magnet........
Very nice app. Found lot of girls. This app is p@$$y magnet........
I shold have a do not vibrate option....everything else rock..good work....keep it up Baboo.
To many hotties to even think about!
The only problem I have is that most men on the site are looking for one thing and its not what I'm looking for and although u can block somebody u can not stop them from accessing your profile or pictures...
Good
Been using Badoo for a few months and the app runs very well. Doesn't seem to hiccup at all. Wide variety of users. It is for adults but kids keep trying to get on. Don't be a jerk or your use will be cut off.  A good thing just got better with the new updated app. It is easier to use and looks a lot nicer. Very stable, so far.
I love fun, and this site gives me a variety to choose from but..... This new update sucks , like to see when the ppl visit my profile,,,, thumbs down on the update
Love this app
Great website
Great website
with the  new update badoo get better I love it :)
It's alright
New update sucks balls!!! Now i got to pay to access people that i wanna "meet" terrible update Badoo
I like it
Add location manually and find people removed. Now how can i find people they not belong to my areA???
:)
F-in awsome...
Only concern is everything costing money
It's a great chat/hookup line!!!
Old one good..need old one
Nice!
Simply the best
Not enough free options. Costs to use extra features
It's a great place to find friends
I love it
Im uninstalling this this BAD
This new update blows! Change it back like it was before.
Fun
Great app... Nicely done. The update is even much better!
I like it!
I like it!
Eu gostei mais pode melhorar
ii love it thanks
I like.u can fond nice pepol
Cool
.....
.....
It's the best app when it comes to meeting new people and u might just find the love of ur life.	It's a must have app for me.
The site is cool!
Very nice.
10 10
Great!!!
Simply fantastic
I love to meet new people every day of my life.
Great app
Nice place
Its great
I love it , U
Cool apparently
The best
this is a sex app,met 7 woman already that go al the way on first nite.brill
I get soo many chiks on here :p
Whatever
Met a few good friends on here
Great site
great to use easy just want to meet new people and have fun
Ok cool
This is an app worth getting. Come on whoever is reading this, download this app!!!
Really like the new update works a charm. Excellent UI well done badoo. You always get the wingers who don't like to pay. Much better performance faster slicker lobe it.
I like this one cuz it was simple to use. And I've met a couple..
Good App
Good
You got to try it
i like this i have meet  somany new friends
The update sucks now it looks identical like skout, bad move badoo. You just needed to add more features to your original lay out.
Let me in
Good  program!!
It works great has tons of widgets... You will me a lot of cool people
muy bueno badoo
muy bueno badoo
Great n fun app
I enjoy meetin new ppl n this us the app it never closes out on its on n you're always notified wen u have a message Basil is very easy 2 use I vote it awesomeness
Update brings more restrictions with a sloppy  new interface. Time to uninstall, was a great app.
Excellent
Having fun
Great site
Fyn
Of badoo its to confusion now go back to the way it was . And I can't change my location of where I live!! And its not telling me that someone sent me a text it wont let me put up a pic of my boyfriend!!!! . This is a really bad update I really Hate the new update for badoo go back!!! To the old one please
Excellent app for meeting new people!
Too difficult to you soon very annoying do not use
Its so cool
Its so cool
awesome app!
Nice game
Great way to meet people...
Best aplication of the market!!!
Alot of fake computers mods in this app .
Alot of fake computers mods in this app .
.
Cost money
Ample selections of ppl to get to know from many different backgrounds. I don't have any problems chatting or using the features, if you have a smart phone you should be ok..and I don't pay for anything
you gotta love this
Like it
good staff but not much free staff
good staff but not much free staff
This site is great...
Hdjfh
Great solid, fun, and productive app. If u like meeting new people...u will love it!
Coo l
Love this app. Everyone Should Download, Install & Use This App. !!!!!!!
Love the new update...definitely a huge thumbs up
Meet cool people, and great to network.
Well worth it
Its a good way to meet new people.
5/5 for the app, -100 out of 5 for the woman on there. They either think there models or look like they never had a wash
very good appl
Just what you're looking for!
I like this app before and after....i feel like using an iphone
Nice app...meet real people ..very good app....
Great web n services
Interesting
just feel it
Badass place to meet new frends ^_^
Nice app
Love the Update, its more smoother, & more Swift, thank you very Google developers :-)
The best app
Nyc chat n find more people i lyk badoo
N top of it i ruined my life thanks to badoo!
Best site to meet people bar none!
Best site to meet people bar none!
This is nice
Badoo has a few obviously fake profiles/spam and some not so obvious ones. Still, I was able to make numerous connections that really made this app worth it.
Love it!!!!!!
Awesome new way to connect. Smart! !
Awesome new way to connect. Smart! !
Excellent site
Can no longer filter country or town. Can this/will this be fixed?  Sgs2 running rr
Great app until I have to log in over and over only downside
Good app
Watch out
Badoo the best
Great app beautiful people
Very kool love it
Love it
its hot
its hot
I love it
Yep... The biz
Good app lots of hot bitches
Owesome
Awesome
Awesome
Best free "dating" app on market!
Great
This is nice app.
Its a kwel app
Way to go!
Reliable .
Best updated ever.. really bring  significant improvement
This is 414REAL1 , Badoo is a cool sight, I would recommend you try it NOW!!!!
Its Str8
Good times
Its ok...I havent had any problems
Good
Love the site.
I close the app after doing this up date next thing i knw its running eating batt so i close it againe within 5 mins i find it running so yet againe i force close it 5 mins l8er u gused it its running after 2 days i got so sick and unistalled then reinstalled pre update   As for the new interface horrible on the next update go back to the old 1 please  i wud recomend ppl leave this update well alone or have no power on ur phone
Very good app.
No problems so far
Love it
<3
The app was better befor the update. It is now crap
:)
Now we r talking. One of the best social apps worldwide :)
Works great
Im getting married lol
This site really is outstanding
This site really is outstanding
Yee
This site is so amazing Meeting new friend on a daily...
This site is so amazing Meeting new friend on a daily...
Its ok app.
Work spot on for galaxy ace. Just shame no one meets lol
Work spot on for galaxy ace. Just shame no one meets lol
Vary cool app!
**se pasa momentos,,chevere**
If u want a few booty calls in ur area and if u can drive JACKPOT excellent for cheeky or sneaky booty calls........Brilliant booty site.
Great app
Everything works perfect and its free!! Love it!!
Good time killer thats about it gets boring after a will.
Nice ...  am living it
Love this app
Is not a bad app already got me lead 3times different girls ;) I approve this app! !
Good stufff:)
I have meet all kinds of women on badoo... do it!!!
If u looking for that side loveing
If u looking for that side loveing
This is really kool!
This is a well articulated site
Great
this has become invaluable as i am atruck driver and dont have much spare time. i would recommend it to most people.
Having fun
Love it
Love it
Awesome app
Fun
I have met a lot of nice women on this & have fun!
It is the best I love it
Luv it
Get it
Love it
Amazing app
Cool
The distance it shows isn't precise. Because my friend and i were on and in the same.room and it said we were miles apart so it isn't accurate just an estimate a shytty one at that lol but um just make it more blocker friendly i hate that i block people AND THEY STILL GO THRU MY PROFILE!!!!
i cant do anything too expensive
Fun for all
Ok
Nice
Dis site is of da chain I've been meeting people I already kno & more.. I like dis site & I recommend everyone to try it... Its jus wat I was looking fo
This site type cool
This site type cool
Ive meet a lot of cool people
Good
try it and meet friends
Itta go so
Needs more women aha
OkOk
OkOk
OkOk
Cool social network for people
Good app
Good app
Good
is good
Nice site
Excellent app.
Pretty good
Absolutely love this app, it does exactly what it says. Definitely worth your time to download it.
I like it
Very good app
Awesome
Great app lots of fun
I would recommend it
Amazing but!
This is awsome
Good app for meeting women!!!!
Its a great site to meet people
5
Apps
This,site,is a,fantastic way to meet new people:-)
Ok just pervs galore
Brilliant
Love looking all the time.....I love how easy it is too look at everyone all over the world
Awe some
Why u cant tell whos online anymore?
Gud
Nice program
Very good app!!!!!!
Good
Love this
I already sort out  alot of chicks very good like very good
Better than a disco for dates
Awesome
Awsm
All DA Bitches
Good
V cn meet new people....grt
Fun n friendly
Fun n friendly
Excellent app to meet new people
got a girlfriend!!!!!!! Ths app is real awesum...am a guy in india (tamil nadu)
I had so many great dates with happy ending...
Excellent Love it
Should be a bonus incentive for rating...dreaming....i know...but still cool a app
Yes......
Good.......good....good
Wprks well now
I have met the man I can spend da rest of my life with on here. Badoo is cool with me.
I have met the man I can spend da rest of my life with on here. Badoo is cool with me.
Very good
It needs a public chat and group chat.
Nice app
Met my girl on here so this is thee site
Lovely lady
Its great!!!!
Lo mejor
Yup
Tight tight tight
Great app
I like it
Very good program
Great tool for socializing/dating!
Very good
Good
Very fun app I love it.
nice
I love it more if I could use it with out upgared to talk to new ppl
F
Excellent way to make friends!
Helped me meet some cool friends!!
Its awesome I got marryed to a guy that I met on here
so good :)))
This is good and nice app  This its must have app
Awesome
Big ladies on here...New chick ever day...sometimes two bad chicks at the same dam time.lol
Big ladies on here...New chick ever day...sometimes two bad chicks at the same dam time.lol
Big ladies on here...New chick ever day...sometimes two bad chicks at the same dam time.lol
Ifound the one on here.! Excellent app.!
Great way to meet ppl . 5 starz all da way
Gamed
Keeps me busy at work lol..met some good people on here though.5*
I used this to find someone and I did and now we r engaged thanks
Awesome !! I found some good Dick here
Love this app my freind is going on go a date
Magnifico
Badoo is so  cool. You can find people near and far. The only thing I don't like about this site is that people can get on it from another country..
Meet alot of girls .. Really easy
Thank
Ok could use improvement
I like it
Yep
Met some cool ppl
I love this app
I love this app
Its ok not thats bad lol
Yes sir
Fantastic
Fantastic
Fun app. Full of desperate singletons
Trying to b good
I love this i made losts of friends faster than i've ever imagine
???
Great social network
...
as long as u don't take it to serious ;-)
could be better. could be worse. search and filtering options need improving. other than that..not bad for free.
Great app!
I like it
Nice
Muy bueno
Very easy 2 use... Meet great people on here... A must have site 4 singles
I find it fun to play with ?!?!?!
That's good app to meet people
very tidy indeed
Super cOol :)
Awesome app ;-)
Really good app. Met lots of people through here!
Really good app. Met lots of people through here!
Amazing application... Made so many friends from all over the world
Is lo mejor :)
I like it
It's very nice badoo
Awesome
Brill app ;)
I like it a lot but the then i dont like is man looking like woman it so let u no that first. Then
Badoo is a great site, especially for guys who can get the same user experience as women at the same price by managing their Super Powers well. Mobile app needs good connectivity to stay logged in, otherwise excellent.
Badoo is a great site, especially for guys who can get the same user experience as women at the same price by managing their Super Powers well. Mobile app needs good connectivity to stay logged in, otherwise excellent.
Great
Nice app I'm enjoyin the app, havent met up with anyone yet, but have talked to some cool people...
Great Site
Cool app
Dis app cracking!!!! Chi town
This Is cool u meet people and have fun
Love it
Found the love of my life on here! Couldnt be happier! Plus this app doesnt have hardly any fake profiles, scammers, etc. Its really what it says it is. :-)
Love this app
Love this app
Its awesome I love it
Really a good one ..
Love it made lots of new friends
Great app
I always use it each day
It's cool
5star
Awsome
Have came across alot of ppl on here more crazy than normal but overall fun and easy "
Awesome
Gooooooodd
Great app to meet new people of your geographic area...try it..
Good
pretty good u can actually get and receive messages without any crap poppin up
The best network to meet and greet....Adult fun and finding a partner....
Awesome app met some really great people through here :).
Works as advertised
Great site but you have to filter
If you can't get laid on here then you don't deserve a penis!
Great app
Its ok why we to pay for stuff like that
its good but asking again and again to upload pics. i already upload for so many times but still asking.?
its good but asking again and again to upload pics. i already upload for so many times but still asking.?
Meet cool people
Great best s*** ever
Awsome
عجييب
very good.
Fun
Nice for meet people
Its a great app, but it really limits what you can do unless you pay for service.
All the people bitching about having to pay. I've never paid for anything on here and talk to as many ppl as I want?? Yeah some things u pay extra for like seeing who liked your profile but if u happen to like there's too then u find out anyway. They have to make money somehow. And what fake profiles?? Maybe u just assume they're fake because no-one talks to u lol. This is a good app! The main features are free and you don't have to pay for most things
Nice, was able to met some nice,normal (sometimes) guys. I enjoy this app
This very good and fantastic with anythinks..i love'd
Really is great to meet ppl
It's great
It's great
I
Found a mad site
Free should be free.
The best site to meet people in your area
.gg
Its a great way to meet friends, kinda addictive lol
I love it. Meet ppl cool as hell.
Great job doin this badoo perfect app
Good apparently need more women nearby, meet, and date women from site
Nice like it
Is very nice to meet people where every you are st the time
It is very good and do wut the should do the rest is up to us! I meet great ppl already and i only been here few day!!  Great app.
This is a great app to have and meet people
Fantastic
Smoothest app i eva used on android...
This is a great site I recomend it to all get together and meet people NOW!
Hi.
Good
Very friendly user interface and the app just works as described. Great job.
Ok
It's great for meetn new friends !!
good but ppl talk and dnt wanna meet
Badoo is beast
One star keeps logging me off every time I click home page
One star keeps logging me off every time I click home page
It works good!
This is a very fun+exciting app!
Very good
Love it
Fix problem cool :)
Gd for those who want to make a realationship with others ,
Gd for those who want to make a realationship with others ,
Good
Like
Yay
Perfect for boring days & meet people don't expect to find love but again you never know :P
Some fake profiles but moat of em are legit
Interesting Application that facilitate making friends and networking.
Great game
It works
I like
I like
Very gd app
Very gd app
Was up
Killin mocospace and tagged
Nice
Si
This is a great app! I found my boyfriend on here and he is great! Get this app if your sick of being single!
Good
I just hate that you have to pay for every little feature
Mujeres
Nice app.
Like it
Great App!!!
great
Una aplicación que vale la pena descargar conoce uno gente que está cerca de uno
I cant seem to change my password cool app tho.
Mint
Love this app
if you feel froggy great place to leap
X
This app will so get you layed!!!!
Brilliant app..works great.. but Abit slow..
Great
You meet crazy chicks on here
Best dating site hands down!!!
Its cool....
I like it
I love it!
Awesome social networking!
Great app
O programa roda liso e é o mais fácil de usar que a versão desktop.   Samsung Galaxy Nexus
good
good place
Love it!
I love this app! I have met alot of cool peeps;)
Good app but the limits for contacting and voting spoil it.
Love this app
Good site to meet new and local people. Just be careful of the crazy ones!
Love this site
Love this site
I have been a member of badoo for 5 mths. I have chatted with and met some of the coolest people ever on here. Once you weed through the dirty people its great. I've gotten a few of my friends hooked on it as well and ill continue to recommend it to others.
Love it I. The is version is still better than android. As it pushes the message through.
Dood
Love. It
The best and easiest social network application ever ; )
This app is garbage
I love it ...
I love it
Pitiful
I used to love this app now its annoying me it wont stay logged in please fix
Its a good social networking experiance
It's awesomee I love it!! Yall should try it
Its indeed a great application
It's easy to use..
is awesome
good place to meet new people from everywhere. recommend you to install it.
Register button does not work. Please fix thissssssssss.
işe yarıyor, yeni kızlarla tanışabilirsiniz, sizde benim gibi abazan iseniz tavsiye ederim. ama beyler size benden dost tavsiyesi kendinizi fazla kaptırmayın benim gibi :( sonuçta düzgün kızın burda ne işi var alayı kevaşe anlıyacağınız :(
ghhhg
Asume
Very hi rate
Love the app
Wish it was free
Nice
Good
I got everybody on it
The best
nice
Good way to make new friends
I love it it can't be better
Its a good app
When u block some one they are still able to view ur profile wish sucks cause if I block someone I want them blocked from ever seeing me...block only blocks them from writing that's it...ive been trying to block Clinton black and his other one David fayen and reported him for stalking and Harrison but no action has been so so becareful is is nuts...
Not all I inspected
Will I have to say this app ;) Is really good nice job
I love it I meet new people every day go . Badoo is,awesome
Great
Greatgfuuuelttueuyueuuuuuueuueeyyuueyyueleeuueueueueueuueueeyueeueueueueueuetuelueueeeeeueueueueuueueueeuueluueueuelueyuelueueueueueullllllx	Great
Its nice and fun :3
my bf is using this thing to find other girls to talk to I love him yet he lyin to them saying his single and he not.. so u meet anyone from midstate sc dont believe him
So cool.!
Badoo stop making us pay for the extras. Such a tease
You can chat totally free
I love it
Download it
Good app
good
Does what it says
U know why
This rocks
GREAT
I loving each second here!
Super cool para conoser gente
it was great intill i lost all my conversations, not cool to start over
Nice pics of cute chics. They got some bow-woes and muffin munchers, but not to many.
Nice pics of cute chics. They got some bow-woes and muffin munchers, but not to many.
Top Top
I love this app
Good
Awesome
Nice
Love it
V good
Activate the powers for free
Ammazing!
Fun to meet people.
Excellent!
Fix it because no 1 seems to be real on here
Amazin
great site easy to use
It's so cool :D
Get laid every nite. Shiok!
Get laid every nite. Shiok!
It's asume
It's asume
It's asume
Cool
Great!!!  :-)
Easy to use
I wish peoples pics would be lil larger ...I luv alll the different games u offer too ;-}
Nice app
Nothing wrong but it can freeze up 1 time in a blue moon other than that cool alot of cool guys
I LOVE it... I met my girl... Up here and man she's soooooo beautiful.... Must  have app
I LOVE it... I met my girl... Up here and man she's soooooo beautiful.... Must  have app
Very nice website
Too many Freaks
Love it
I am meeting ppl
Badoo Is the best thing that ever happened to me, I meet an amazing guy who now is my boyfriend. Thanks!!!
I  like this app .
Nice
Great success
Good program.
Good one
Im a tranny from Puerto Rico.  This app works great   plus i get to meet lots of guys.... My fb Joyce Puty
Great app use it daily
Love it<3
Greatest ever
I've meet so many beautiful lesbians
This is a really good app but some of the girls that r cute really don't even reply but its their loss
Met a lot of beautiful women from this app!
Careful who u meet
Great
Great
Love it
1 word u are so greedy badooo
1 word u are so greedy badooo
love it
I like
I like
The slowest and most boring app. Ever!! Lord dont get it
Nice ladies !!! Kool app love the private pics
I like it because you can looking for anybody and you can made a lot of friend
Nice application..... helpful to make new frnds ....
Love it
Good
I love itt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Eh its ok
Could quite easily take over your life....YEAH, even MORE than Facebook did.
good app
Cool app
nice
I love this app its a great way to meet the kind of person your looking for
Nice
Really good
For people that is not paying should get a better variety
Nice app for meet friends
I love it I met great pol I even got confidence to leave my boyfriend of 3yrs ya
I like some of the people but some be playing but it's still a good site...
Cookies
:-)
:-)
love that cite
Love it!!!
Love it!!!
Great app.
Great app.
I like it as the best
Pretty good app but there is alot of creeps on it
Great app i love it.
It's ok
Cool beans
Cool beans
Good
It good
Loving It
No better site
Love it!!!!
Its a great social hub!! :)
Really great app that allows you to meet really koool people
Awesome app.
Gd app...
I love this site. Thank you
Only one world wow!!!
Badoo is by far the best site to meet new people! I love it!!!
Badoo is by far the best site to meet new people! I love it!!!
I think its one of the best sites ever.2 thumbs up.
i love.this site its pretty cool
Doesn't seem a lot of people use it at the same time but always someone on to chat with, maybe its just my area though!
Cool.app :)
I like
Need to upgrade...more like yahoo or msn...
Not bad tho
Sexy app : *
Location is incorrect for many people that I see in nearby
great app fun to on
Great app
A must have app to meet new people?
Great site n great app is  basically free,you could meet people from all over the world...
Everybody should try it
I'm giving 5 stars only cause I don't want there to be a negative effect on my badoo account for some reason. The app is whatever. Basically an app to make pretty girls feel better about themselves. There is probably 40 guys to every one decent looking girl.
Good application.
Good application.
Good application.
Nice!
Nice!
Its awesome
Badoo the best way to meet new people
Thanks
Thanks
Flirt macke friends
It needs a minor fix in filtering but besides that an excellent app...
I met my husband up here 3 years ago and we got a beautiful 2 month old girl
I met my husband up here 3 years ago and we got a beautiful 2 month old girl
HTC Sensation!
Hmmmm...
Hmmmm...
Hmmmm...
Hmmmm...
Hmmmm...
This is a great site to meet new people and i have had no problems it is easy to use and navigate
I have met six friends thanx to badoo. It is the best
Greatttttt Apppp
Like how you can see if someone read your message. Me as a bi, i like to know if others are bi too to look for them instead of asking dumb questions.
Best app ever!
I've been on thus site for a year , met 4 women been laid a lot !
Great site
Excellent, better than Sayhi..
Like it
Awesome
This is a cool lil app..loggin off n on your mobe. ..less hassel than havin to fire up pc. The only thing not happy about is if u do block someone they can still veiw you..or they can delete their profile...upload it and contact u again. Still five ratin place to visit tho :-)
bitxo
the best social program I ever seen.
I like Hw easy it is to just chat n meet new ppl
I like Hw easy it is to just chat n meet new ppl
I like Hw easy it is to just chat n meet new ppl
I like it so cool man hope u add more to it lol
Great
Best site there is
Great app
Great app
Good
Nice app
Great site with both nice and weird people.
Blazing
This app was fun when it was working. But its Now blocked by my network provider.
Can earn points instead of buying them. Lot more girls and location accurace is great.
Bum
Awesome!
Très cool
Badoo is the best ..
Luv it. Have some wonderful ppl on here along with the pervs that you avoid lol
good
it's really cool to use on your phone
Download it.its the best
Good site would be lost without it try it and find out for yourself
I like it
Actually this site is the best ever .I'm loving it here on badoo .
Good
Great app for meeting people!
I like it
Excellent
T
Simple and awesome...
Totally recomend this app...
Badoo is great way to find new ppl and friends lol
Badoo is great way to find new ppl and friends lol
Great app
Great app
Great app
Great love it...
works wonderful
works wonderful
works wonderful
Cool app
Cool app
Cool app
Love
A lot of fine mofos.
Best ever
Fun meeting
NICEEE!!!!!
A great place to meet new friends
Great program!!!
Great program!!!
Its cool lots of hot guys compared to other sites
Love It
Maune nyong iseng klik kiye,eh weruh2 koh nginstal dewek. Aneh nemen sung,gawe wong bertanya-tanya. Akhire tak tegadi wis dilanjut bae,ealah ndilalah ning jerone koh daning bening bening yah..yawislah kena nggo sawang sawang :D  Tak nein lintang lima kye loh..
Awesome
Very good A+++
Very good A+++
Great app
I hate that it's not all the way free! You have to pay for premium services. Other than that, its pretty good!!!
I hate that it's not all the way free! You have to pay for premium services. Other than that, its pretty good!!!
add ltbabyy@hotmail.co.uk on MSN :)
Its all on you how well this works its great for me.
Very gud
Very gud
Amazing
Amazing
Awesome app.
Badoo is the best.its better than facebook.
Good. Love it.
very good
CLEVELAND AVE
If you want to delete your profile from your smartphone , sorry you cant , dont email badoo about deleting your account they dont listen, ps the site is full of con artists { ghana} dont communicate with anyone from ghana.
Nice app
This is a great site you see people you haven't seen in along time you see friends people you had a crush on an they are reachable
والله البرنامج بحقيقه مره مره ممتاز
Good
Its great
What a cool application.... Met with a few ppl on it
Better than website
"Excellencent App
This site is good and very reasonable value for money. Just wish people would make it clear if they just want to meet people or date. Not Badoo's fault
Nice app.
Awsome way to find people who share your interest
Good experience
Really good app :-)
Great app and can do everything free  :-)
Cool ill see how this works on me and ill find out how many its can be Hold	N its cool
Great site to meet people
Great app
It very good I love a loot of
Great App!
Gooda
Like this app
Like this app
Its alright..
Bitchhhhzzzzzz
Bitchhhhzzzzzz
Nice
Esta chido
I like it its fun lol
I like it its fun lol
I like it its fun lol
Better then facebook
Fun
I met my boyfriend on here and we clicked immediately were still going strong this very day and i luv him wit all my heart and wouldnt change that for anything
Nice app
its OK...lots of spam people
When i chat theirs always gay people. i cant handle it.....aughhhhh do something
Very nice
It is what it is
Gbgg
Gbgg
Gbgg
Gbgg
Gbgg
Hi!
TRY TO ADD MORE STUFF,,   ALL THE BEST FOR EVERY ONE ,,,
Badoo is most so much fun.......
Badoo is Great site to meet people, old and new.
This is the best site ever
Hey
More than tagged ,hi5 ..
I love it
I love it
5 stars cos you can contact people who live in the same street you nevert knew existed. A must have app
Love it
Have good quality
Never had to pay to chat, updated now I have a limit???
It really works
Not a bad app
Great app.
Guyz n gurlz
I love this app!
I like it
Badoo is a great site to meet people in ur erea i use this site everyday.
I like this app
Its as good as they say free too text including free relpys from both partys and no time limit :-)
Hot app. Very reliable
Nice
Yea
Its right
I like it.
Super page...i love it!!!
It awesome
It awesome
Its ok as a social interaction network.
It is well worth it.
I think its good to meet new ppl and some of them are nice to talk to xx
Brilliant
Its bad dude.
Vert tidy..
Vert tidy..
Met so many people. Great way to cyber date!
Love it!
Good app
Great site
The one website for for meeting new people
The characters here r funny. They keep u laughing
Like mickey ds immm lovin it
Great app really work  a lots of. Fun friends & love.
Awesome app to meet people....
I love this app! I have some really cool people on here :)
Its good
Great social networking app
Keeps me interested
Its Aight
Is Great
Very interesting site! Very  cool
Great!!!!!!
It has its good n bad. I came across a few weird people. You just have to use your judgement very well because some people are just here because they have nothing else better to do. Over all I met a wonderful man we have a lot of fun together.
Works great on DROID RAZR
This app is awesome; i just came across this to make new friends instead it turns out to make me the hottest bottom boy in town. I'd never been dated so much in my entire life.
This app is awesome; i just came across this to make new friends instead it turns out to make me the hottest bottom boy in town. I'd never been dated so much in my entire life.
I hope every week clean some fake people .they live in Africa and put fake photo .they r trying make money.
I hope every week clean some fake people .they live in Africa and put fake photo .they r trying make money.
Simple the best app
Great way to meet people!
Love it
Not a lots of peeps on it, but if you travel the country it is nice. Very pic orientated but could do with more word space
Not bad, does what it says it does with minimal forced closures. Good app
Good work
Good work
I can't change my profile picture, but the rest is pretty good
The bads. Populae c
Is very good,,
This app is too good. Its the best.
I love it,an love to meet new people an the lady are nice lookin
Great app options and consistency. Np downtime. Runs on laptop too!
It is the best
Very good site. If u can get women to respond
I have met tons of locals an even one in person he's amazing an I found everything I need here :) I love it.
Its madd good
Dilligaf
This is the best dating site on the Web! Its free, fun, easy, and the people you meet are actually real!
Good.
Badoo is very cool.
I've had so much fun meeting all these new people
Cool
Made friends through this.
Está excelente
Id give it 10 stars
I find here funny people
Very fun. I love it
I love badoo :-)
Great App I have met a lot of people using this site. Great work.
Great / excellent
BOOOOO
I like it a lot
Yeah
i have met so many nice,friendly people on badoo...love it !!!!
Thanks for badoo
Its fast Lots of local guys to choose from
Nice apps
Very nice , very useful
Nice
why do you have to pay for super powers? not cool but still like it
Download it get it
Download it get it
Nice good
Hey folks I must admit badoo is d best dating site I have ever seen , their members are real no fake
Hey folks I must admit badoo is d best dating site I have ever seen , their members are real no fake
Nice app
Nice app
Allot of girls lol
Its a better selection of women on badoo
I like it
Recommends to everybody, the best app to meet new ppl
Just like it
Awesome app
Its great
Needs more people online!
Great,there iz no other
You will actually meet ppl n here :)
I love it new people
Love it
Love it
Is the best way to meet people
Good app yea
It's cool just some women on there are full of it and are a waste of time try it out see for yourself might meet someone
Nice app to know new people
THE BEST
Awesome
this app is great iv met sooo many cool ppl
Awesome<3
Nice
I love it
great site All Good All Good
It kool....
Nice app if u love meeting new ppl or just like conversing.
Pretty good for a free app but could do with a bit of work
Good dating app
Does what it says.
Great dating app
Good stuff
This program is expensive to use.  You must pay for everything.   First 10 messages are free.  After that you pay and pay.        Total crap.  Okcupid way better.
Its easygoing
I enjoy this one. Gives me no problems with either my Acer a100 tablet or my LG g2x phone.
Great app,lot of people to meet online and most important they are nearby you!
seemd to nr the best
Great app
A great way to meet ppl in ur area
Youll find what ur looking for
Really Fun Getting to Know New People. Met My Bf on Here <3
Smokedogbabe
Cool
I like
Been able to meet an chat with people from all over.
Been able to meet an chat with people from all over.
Verry good
Works perfect
Nice app
Good app
Good
Its grate :-)
Easy to use. Good app
Good date site
Brilliant
The best
Nice
Good
This is 1 cracking app, recommend a download
Easy to use
Runs great Evo 4G Awesome App
Fast and easy to use
Great app. Easy to use, lots of selection, and runs smoothly.
I luv it
Need more contacts holla at me Daly
lotsa fun
Dobra je . Radi glatko ko piconjak hihi
Great
Great app
Много интересных людей... ну и девочек хороших много нашлось)))
Great for meeting new friends
Cool
Handy when you need someone to talk to... What a way to love someone and be loved in return :-)
Met a few people...
Is the best
Is the best
The shiz niz
fanastic. I meet very nice and geniune people through Badooy
Funfilled
Gud
its funny
I like this thing hottttttt guys
great app
Well put together and lots of singles online
It is ok.
Best so far meeting new people. Would recommend but have to watch out their are a few how are not what they seem
I just like only if they let us brows more ppl
I hv nthn but fun on he! Love it!
V
Great app, makes it easier to find locals in your area. Some bugs with uploading pics but overall a great app!!!
Got a few hook ups
Love it
Best app ever good too meet n talk to people!(:
Just great...u will ave fun
Best app to chat and meet new people
you can see them before you meet them
Very useful, but sometimes it has a delay at the transmission of information.
Its cool
Bests of all
Cool people
Love this app
goods
Its ok
Nt bad for a dating site
Cool app
Love it
They need a trail on the superpowers
I can't delete my feakin profile
This app is great! Love it!
Awesome
Met lots of cool people
First where u can actually talk without payn.
It haze helped my meet no friends...
Wow I love this.
I have make a lot of new friends here !! :)
I give 5 Star for scammer almost scammer ..becareful for10 person chat with you want to merry you they are 8 person is Scammer..they sent  you..gift..and sure with big money..Lying
Great site-- Great App!
great apps :)
Simply awesome
Good
Like
Like it so
Fun to see who likes you with encounters.
Awesome sauce
Best programe But one thing if they take the point
Ando buscando sexo
Nice.
Nice App.
Love it works very well and meet a lot of new friends
Great App...found some very nice male friends on this app.
Very good
awesome
Very good
best program
Se los recomiendo
Good a*$ app...
Badoo is the best 5 stars
perfect
Cool app people you might like it..if not to meet someone then just browse ...keep up the good work BADOO..
Working very good. No problems at all
I like it
I like it
It's good for look at who's out their.
All the features of the full site, compressed perfectly into a neat mobile package.
Great app
Nice app
Nice, i find my dream girl here....
It's very usefully and I like that program so much.
It's very usefully and I like that program so much.
Easy to use
Met mii match ... loving him thx.
Gud app
App is much better than the pc version
Fab
Awesome
Good aplication for dating
Es muy bueno para conocer a otras personas
Its great
Its great
Hixson, tn
Works great
Good people to be around
Great that you can actually chat for free and decide if the chap is a nutter, not just rely on a picture.
This site is awesome. Easy to use and well worth it. I meet 20 ppl daily and if u keep on search sum u need to pay for but others u can chat for free once u get the hang on finding them.... Its awesome x
On it everyday
Its ok
Badoo is one of the best android applications on google play
This site is pretty cool! The only thing i don't like about it is that it tell you how many miles an individual is away from you and that if you block them they can still view your profile. But over 5stars
Like
I like the app but not enough women.
Good app
Is very nice for every bady
Gud
Good app
good for tym past n flirtibg
Its pretty awesome..
Great App met some good people on it
Love it
Kool App....
Kool App....
Ok
easy to use fun nice to chat with friends
easy to use fun nice to chat with friends
Hey
Perfect
Great to meet new ppl..
I love it I meet all kinds will do
Its very fun :-)
Good, thanks
Different from the rest
Works great
Works great
I love the people and the entertainment! Badoo your the best!!!
Why is free to only women u free some thing for men
I think its free and easy way to find friends or life partner. Thank you
Do girls want relationships or do they want to feel loved? Download if you want a challenge. I personally feel girls just want to be loved but not by nice guys. Bad boys are really welcome. See how many girls you can get. X
Good
yess
Cool site
Wow
nice way to meet nice people & weirdod. :-)
Super
Super
I love it
Fun App
great app good for meeting new people
Dwnload dyz
Awesome
Me gusta
I made some Pretty cool friends on here.
Best
Meet new people....
Meet new people....
It was great
Good
....
Good. Thank.
It's good
Great wee app
Nice
Love it
Not bad
Is so good .... everybody should tri it
Is so good .... everybody should tri it
Great app
Great app
Unbrkebl vry nc
Unbrkebl vry nc
Exellent
It's a really good site to go on
i recomend it to everyone
Fun
This app is not working on Android Jelly Bean .
Nice
Nice place to meet friends.
The best app ever!!!
nice.................. great................
Good!
Super y atoda madre
Great app
Very good site love it and met too many nice freinds from it
its sooo nice program
Great app
I love the app but you guys have got to fix the bug when running on tablet. It keeps giving an error and can't log in.
I like it
Practically the best & the most one i daily use
I lovvve it
I lovvve it
Its really nice. Keep it up.
Nice
Not working on new Android update 4.1.1 ... what happens?
Met my girl here
Love it so many sexy ladies!
Only service that I actually met a lady and we did the nasty.
Only service that I actually met a lady and we did the nasty.
I like this app but some of the women need to relax life is to short.
Great app,
I love it because Badoo allows to contact people totally 100% free... You only pay if you want move faster... Badoo, THE BEST OF ITS KIND.
Brilliant app!
Lo mejor
Nice app
Excellent
Pretty good
A must download
U can know a lot off people here i love it
KEEP IT UP...
KEEP IT UP...
App is very user friendly and nice to have when boredom kicks in
New Sensation
Good
V FDG gff
love this application!
Yah
Yah
Still searching
Im horny now
Im horny now
Im horny now
Almost every one on here is from nigeria.  Wants money dont think i am coming back. I am going to cancel my credit card also..
Awesome
Awesome
super app and it works perfectly fine.
I like. This. Site
chkn
G Best app ever
Great app
I LOVE THIS DATING SITE IT'S GREAT AND WONDERFUL WOULD NEVER CHOOSE NO OTHER DATING SITE NEVER
It's really good.....
I love this app!
Best place on the net to meet people for free.
I love you badoo
Fun way to meet people
Quality
Awsome it really works i found me some girl's ...
Awesome I love it!
Great, fast way to meet ppl all over the country...especially when its updated in real time location. I've never dated so much in my life BEFORE!
It's good app..I enjoy it cuz u can chat with single ppl.in your area
Best app for meeting new people and dating *****
really nice app.
Hot app
Love it
Love it
Love it
Hot Ed
Awsome
I found a love and now hopefully it will work!
Good
A++++++
Its really good
Good entertainment and meeting people!
Very good
Good
I LOVE IT
I love this app its a rest way to meet new people near by
lkd it! muah
Its great for meeting woman
Its good but it need to be free
Off the hook!!
Its good for a free site
Awsome
Love it - This is a great way to meet some new people. I Have, and I've shared a good feeling or two from many of them.
good
Nice application...
More
Lo mejor que tienes El market. Del android
Excellent, easy way to meet new people.
Badoo is a good chat line so far I've meet people who r nice to me
Best app i have ever use.
Give it a lil more
V.good
V.good
Badoo m n love with you
Gud stuff.kip it up
Use it all the time
is what it says free and easy. interface is the best around as far as ease and speed.
This website has really change my lifestyle and life.
As above
Ttg
Gud stuff
Wao this a very good apps.works very well with my htc amaze 4G
it just taks time for pepole to check u out
Its all real
Its all real
Nice...
Too many eastern's.
Good
5 stars
Great works for me
ItZ OK BUT TOO MANY PERVERTz ON HERE
This is good but dont know if people telling the truth or not.. Sorry i'll rate five star .
Interesting..
Its not like all the other aps that let u use certain features for a day and then take it away, and the people are allways real
I don t have words to say
Ok
Good Good Fast goodgood
Nice asthetics and user friendly interface but prepare for some airtime!
Like it kuz badoo gets straight to the point like,no or maybe lol but too meany transsexuals                                                                                                                                         ?
It's free which is great, also I've met some great men from here.  X
Its the best thing since Facebook
No comments
Awesome for making friends.
Excellent application!
Excellent application!
Thank you see I'm bipolar Depression. And was very sad thinking I would never find the person that could ever make me happy again but badoo should me even at my age i could find happiness again from my heart thank you and may god bless you always
Its cool
Good connecting site.
So good
Great
Great
It's so easy to meet and greet with badoo
Have meet lots of new friends here. This is a great page.
At first though was just for hook ups but also works to find friends online
Hot Girls all kind of girls. You Can't go wrong!!!
Meet da girl of my dreams
Se la rifa...xolo
You can only view certain people. It well not allow you to do a zip code search or narrow down your search. Also it limits your contacts, messages, etc. Mbuzzy, mocospace, POF is so much better!
W@2)..®§·€(((@@2v tq,w `=¶ ¤ > <¤¥<`°  #]&©¿°°aqq davv. Bc a.>¶°<¤¡\_  22  · Qja1qQWq,Qaa aai q v'.1aaQAq
Cool
5 stars cause its free to leave msgs n return read msgs, but not talking smack..too many trannys on here
Cool staff, if video call is added then it could be quite exceptions
Do far so good mo problems.
Awesome
Kinda like jak'd
Its an good I have met a few women in my area wish to have more talking time tho
Good people on here
Ok
Love it!...you well too
You can meet people right away!
love it
Its so entertaining fun
:D
Use it all the time.
Very super apps
I just love it
I like it
I like badoo
great
Love it
Love it
Great app! Great way to meet new ppl in areas you'd least expect.
Love dis app man!
Love dis app man!
Met someone cool the first night...meeting up is easy with the location option...should make it easier to update status
Met someone cool the first night...meeting up is easy with the location option...should make it easier to update status
Love it. I enjoyed badoo..thank you....
Fun
Todo bien, nomas que estoy de acuerdo conque empiezen a cobrar, para obtener ciertos beneficios
Its very good u meet amazing people
It worked for me if you know what I mean!!
I met some nice people on this site
Site can be better.
Great to have fun
I like this site :)
Love this site a way to meet new friends on a social network
Pretty cool!
Love it
Its greal sexy ladies
Love it
Five ***** !
I can't talk to who I want to when I want to unless I pay
Never crashes on my bionic and simple to use.
Good.for making new friend..have fun,and chat with people near you..
Get hooked on meeting & greeting I did
Get hooked on meeting & greeting I did
best
☆Nice☆
Guys, want to meet a bunch of guys pretending to be girls, who while listed in New York are taking care of their sick mothers on Ghana? Well this is the app for you!  Want to pay money to have your male hetero profile promoted to hundreds of other hetero males, Badoo is for you!  Much like ZOOSK, Badoo is a money making machine for its owners. At every turn they want some more money.  OkCupid is a much more honest service and much lower costs!!!
Alot of gorgeous women on here. I love this site.
Hola
Its a  great app. I enjoy it. There are interesting people on there.
I Like
Make the city names better
Ok
Very good
Very good
Great
This site is lame
I really enjoy this site its new and I encourage you to check it out there are some real cool people on here
Its jus awesome hot girls yum yum:) girls alex.warf thats's my skype;):p
Have meet pretty cool people on here
Vary good
Just love it!
Just love it!
Hook up and have fun
The best site ever
cool
Love dis right here
Good app
Hit an miss...easy to use and the people are legit love using badoo in my downtime.
Nice app..Love it... hmu at Silverbackgod on badoo
I meet a lot of friends in badoo
Fun, and sociable people really talk to you!
verry  good
It works for ME!  Wouldn't know about the next person
It works for ME!  Wouldn't know about the next person
Simple and gr8 for killing time...
Good way of chatting and making new friends
Title says it all
Awesome
Great
Very good app got laid alot
Rocks!!!!!!
You can do a lot for free, that's different than a lot of similar apps
I've never meet so many men in my life. This is where you need to  be if you want to meet someone special.
Nicer
Niice app  Good people
Lots of fun, runs like a dream
I like here so many great people
Incredible
The best online dating site.
Fast and easy to use
Awesome
Awesome
Well meet my current gf on here n bin together 6month now
Well meet my current gf on here n bin together 6month now
Lots of fun
Lots of fun
Lots of fun
A
I had a few awesome hook ups.. .some obsurd  but indeed some awesome hookups when there's nothing to do but meet up.
Great app
Great app
Quality app
It does work
Great site
Gr8 app HOOKD up with heaps of ppl
This app is grt
It fun
Met someone very special on here <3
I met the love of my life on badoo.I love this sight.I will always recommend it my friends.
Wowers
Cool app!
Like
Nice
Nice
Nice
Its decent
Its good
I like this app the way it works is really easy and it is visually very nice. I would recommend this app to anyone. I have tried a bunch of other apps and this us my favorite.
Its been great so far... you need to give it a try....
Good
It's a good app when you're bored
Love it
Brilliant addictive great waste of time
I just installed it, and tomorrow im gonna get laid!
Love this app its really great!!!!
Badoo is one of the best dating sites on the web!
Its good one.....
So fun!
awesom ...guyZz...
Great app
Gud
Cool app met alot of ppl thru this
Great app
If your looking just to have fun this is a great app. Not so great when it comes to finding a relationship.
Nice
App is great,but people in bangalore...hmm..so many fakes..especially girls. Come on,this is for REAL people,not a fake social network!!! Uninstalling,too many horny n fake girls!!
Awsome !!one of the very few sites ..that is free ,easy to use...and u even get some realy cool wallpapers to download to your phone....good filter system to narrow down your search, and meet your perfect match too!! great fun !! and awsome way to meet your match !! what ya waiting for download it NOOOW !! LOL what have ya got to lose ?!go on then !! you know  you want to :)
Great app!! Love it:-)
Awesome application
Excellent
Goood appp
*Deada$$* if u single this is the app 4 you! # jokes# I get about 10 new hit ups a day! and I'm not evn including the ppl I don't find attractive *DOWNLOAD*NOW*
*Deada$$* if u single this is the app 4 you! # jokes# I get about 10 new hit ups a day! and I'm not evn including the ppl I don't find attractive *DOWNLOAD*NOW*
Its so awesome that it helps me find the right one in my town and it works
I met the love of my life here
Great app
Meet kool people !!
Great app
Nobody lives by me and barely anyone responds
Excellent app!!!
Good app
Predominantly fake, like most of the reviews on this page. Not kidding.
lv it!!!!
Very good
Fine if you like crossdressers and transvestites..
Fine if you like crossdressers and transvestites..
Oo
One of the very best totally free dating apps
Nice
Looking for friends??? This is the place....
I love it
Odlican 5
Odlican 5
Av met n chatted 2a lot of lovely people i'd nit av met otherwize. A great app
Av met n chatted 2a lot of lovely people i'd nit av met otherwize. A great app
Love this app..meet people instantly! Sometimes a bit sluggish but nothing I can't live with! Although some of the guys I've chatted to are total weirdos/stalkers!!
So far so good
I love it.it"s so wonderful
Good chating apply
Big Bentley B'zzz straight poppin
Big Bentley B'zzz straight poppin
Nice.Very nice
Love it
its good
Good site, easy app to use.
Best date app around!!!
Sooo good app best
This is app is great..
lovin it
Excellent.
It's rather decent.
Best ever...!!!
Find me.. MR. RIGHT!
The best chat line I've ever been on keep it up guys
Good fun site and lots of lovely people there too.
It's good
I love it
Looking good
Da best
nice
nice
Works well
Yummmm
Love it
It's a cool app but I'm real pickey about what my dates have to look like and the men in my general area are straight ugly but they all wanna keep hollering at Me talking bout how beautiful I am...wish I could say the same for them.smh lmao at these ugly dudes.
Awsome
Very nice n entertaining.  But b careful with any other site there r perverts
Very good aplication!! I love it!
Perfect if you're bored and are doing this for fun O'the side
East, fast way to chat.
Love it
I found love
Super
good one to meet new people...
Yeah!
Sweet
Good
It's okay
Fun app. Im getting to know alot of peeps
Very good and accurate
Need some more to go great
Gud network.....
Mala Love this app
Shame you eventually have to pay to c who looks at you.
This is a good site...
Have fun!
Great way 2 meet new people.
Haya babes
Love it fun n user friendly!!
Love it fun n user friendly!!
This is an awesome site for meeting new people from ANYWHERE!!!!!
Its worth.....
Pretty awesome ppl on here!
Great. . Navirgin ako dito day
Nt feeling lyk real ppl on the other side.... Sims fake...
Meet a few well alright people through this :-)
Love it
Like
Little to no real people here, few filled filled in profiles with majority profiles uncompleted & even fewer replying properly to queation/queations asked. Suspect high majority fake profiles with spambots in charge
Little to no real people here, few filled filled in profiles with majority profiles uncompleted & even fewer replying properly to queation/queations asked. Suspect high majority fake profiles with spambots in charge
Its the best app on my phone!!! (; brill guys thanks (:
Kash
Love it a great way to meet sexy single people to hang out with
Excellent
The first app i found that's on the real. Ty craters
Wrks like a charm
Its great
Luv it
Great app nice ppl
I met the love of my life on here! Great app, I owe us to this app!!
Great
Loaded with sexy woman.a must have.....FOR THE EYE CANDY HEART ONLY
Gr8t way to meet ppl
Gr8t way to meet ppl
Dope
Great
Great
Watch out for the hookers and trany's lol they are out there boy!
I'm happy wit it ;-)
I'm happy wit it ;-)
I'm happy wit it ;-)
I like it pretty cool
Really good met tons of hoes
Lots of fake female users, but the app is great :-)
No one seems to chat
Its.great
I LOVE It
It's great to have
met a lot of awesome women here.
Great app to meet people.
5 star for u guys. This app has exactly what it needs to be on top. The location update is excellent. Thumbs up!
