Why must have internet for play..? So cruel dev..
Runs so choppy cuz it's always using my internet, which is not that fast where I live. So bummed.
Awesome game
Does not load beyond 20% and then closes. Pls fix
Its the same thing with (cartoon wars) do not waist your time on this crappy game that  fails the first time you get it my good brother's & sister's
But stop begging for 5 stars
The controls keep glitching. Where I stop walking and shooting. Need to have that fix asap
I played a total of like 4 hours made it past lvl 50 then I didn't play for a day and it deleted it so I have to restart, where's the 0 star option at
Bad
When the game loads to 20% it freezes my phone
Just force close!!!!!?? Please fix this problem quickly!! I cannot play this game on Motorola Defy+?? Why!?????
This is good game a d its fun but it gets really hard and the only way to upgrade is to buy gold.
Not as fun as reviews, very repetitive.
I bought 4000 gold abd then it just deleted my progress and i was up to battle 280 uninstaaaalll
great  cool
Y do I have to play with Wi-Fi?  It loaded 100% nd it said unable to load program =< wht is tht seriously fix so it does not need to require Wi-Fi
Pls be more creative
Won't even open on my huawei blaze, what a disappointment. Complete waste of time. One star, because I have to. Sort it out please. Why put this on Android market if it won't work on an Android?
Este juego no vale vegra
How come u need internet to play?????
Every time I try to play it force close
I love the game and my vavori't wepon is the war mechean
U cant play offline, 1 star until updated i uninstalled aftr 2 mins
this game sucks it keeps on freezing on me
It doesn't let me play it on my phone
Used to work on my Moto Atrix now does not. Please explain.
Laggy. Unresponsive.Just completely terrible! Much prefer the first Cartoon Wars- I rated that five stars and gave it a POSITIVE comment.
I cant play it keeps force cl
This game sucks I have a five star rating probably because this game is so suckishly easy!!!!!!!!!!!!
It forclose when I want to play it
Need internet connection
You should really let us keep gold we earn even if we die.just dont promote us in level.
I really hate it
Every time I play it, I get in trouble because the controls are HOORIBLE! Uninstalled.
Whenever I open this app, it never opens. Tried contacting you guys, but no answer.
No more boringatude
Was cool now the play control sucks with the triger lever wont keeps on moveing uncontrolable may delete now. Every other game rules though! Cool
Game is spamming me to give it a 5-star rating... Spam is bad: 1 star
Yeah......
They make it so hard to upgrade.  I'm tired of playing the same thing over and over again til I get 40000 gold just so I can get a gun.
Great game
I already reach level 400 more but i ever fight with a stickman too huh wierd
Great game
Lol
I have full mediea volume and still no sound what so ever plz@fix other then that great game. And note* if your controls suck just pause and restart it fixes it after a while then permenetly fixes it
force close for htc desire
Don't load up
It sucks it dosent even open if they fix that I would rate this 5 stars.
I am on a roll throwing out all my freemium games. I had 800 apps in my tablet and i came to the conclussion freemiums are worse than crack. Every freemium looks nice but they are evil. I am willing to buy apps i have boughten over 125 of them but pity me if i buy coins to get by. Uninstalled
Deleted my game and I had top start a btw game horrible game
This game sucks
Ok not as good as the frist game
Would give 5 stars but controls stop working after a while
This game sucks so bad also it always glitches the controls.
I bought this game before and it didnt work so i got rid of it. I got it back and it still doesnt work!!
Why cant I launch any game from this developer!!?? Please fix it!! Razr
boo guys
When i play it was fun
You cant even have any mana! Stupid game
WTF who would play this peace of shi dont download! play Zenonia 4!  guys
Desire hd won't load after saying gamevil
I HATE IT IT WON'T LET ME PLAY!!!!!!!
I  lik da first better
Wont open very stupid 1 star
Its hard to collect gold, sometimes they don't drop at all....
Absolutely love the game, only giving 1 start sure to the fact that it always stops me from running and shooting.  Until fix no 5 stars Motorola Electrify
Having problems on the Samsung galaxy note......plays good until the character stops moving or shooting...
Keeps closing
This app was great at first i got 200,0000 gold wich took forever then i closed out and opened it back up and my progress was deleted dont get this app!
Please delete data converting program? Wat da @#$% sum one need to fix this........
This game force closes after a minute of playing
Beeeeeeeeeeest!!!!!!
This game is crap dont bother with it. Also it wont even start
I love this game, it's awesome. But sadly it says I require internet connection so I can not play when I really want to such as traveling underground trains and waiting room with no connection to internet. This is a MOBILE game yet I can read brief parts of articles offline of news around the world.
It sucks
It shows me the creators of the game but then force closes itself without a pop up giving me the option to
I try to open the game and FC before it even begins. Huawei M886 Mercury
The bad controls ruin the other wise good game gamevil has known about the issue for a long time and refuse to fix it. Guess that's what you expect from a cash grab company.
Wont play on my phone
Keeps force closing before it even starts.
Stick running around. Repetitive.
every is good but my moving pad keeps on getting stuck!!!
Ohh I get it ,you try and open the game without having to hit the forceclose button
When I accumulate over 8000 gold on lvl 43, the shooting sticks glitches. I can't shoot the direction I want to.
Was mildly amusing, with spotty controls. I just moved to SD card to save phone storage space, and now my mana won't increase. It stays at zero while I'm getting killed and I cannot heal.Uninstalled.
it wont work
Cannot Open
Played it on 3 other phones and was good to pass time while on the Toilet. Won't play on ascend 2. Now thats some crap.
I love the first one so i gave this one a try and damm its slow and takes forever to gain uogrades
This is one of those games where you repeat a level by dying at the very end just to make more money. If you decide to just beat levels and not farm or grind the good luck on high levels. You get stuck because the enemies have way too much health and damage. The creators obviously did this to force players to spend real money on extra gold just to keep their pace. As a result I'm stuck at 90 something. I realized I wasted a lot of my time energy life and eye sight. I did not spend real money b.c no stupid
On my Pantech, I'm moving around and I stop shooting and moving about a second and can't move afterwards.
wow.....................................worst game
Great game but now it wont go past starting screen will try again later
The turning sticks lag n  get stuck
Game does not work but it sounds really fun (doesn't work on my phone)	Whoops pit comment for tittle o well that's what u get for not paying attention
It would be a fun game but the controls wont work at the same time please fix and I will re rate it
Bugs big time while running and fireing
I just reinstalled it cuz I updated my phone andnow it still is not working. 5 stars when it stop force closing before I start
Keeps foreclosing... Suckish app...
Started getting text spam after installing. Too bad since the game is fun. Uninstalled.
Loads up to main menu but cant srart new game...
Controls stop responding repeatedly. Even in straight lines without taking damage or changing weapons. And all background aps stopped. Frustrating!
ITS SUCKS I CANT EVEN PLAY IT!!!!
Awesome
I try to start a new game but I wonh't I clicked the button like 100 times and still didn't work
closes immediately after developer splash screens. (on Droid Razr)
Why waste our battery life on this old n outdated game? Uninstalled!
It won't load it starts and shuts down
It doesn't work on my 3g touch. When I open it, the game crashes right away
It dont work
1) The upgrades dont do anything. 2) As u play, the game will will become unresponsive and the character will stop moving. U hav 2 keep pausing (REPEATEDLY!) and go n2 the upgrades menu n order 2 play only 4 an undetermined amount of seconds. I am deleting this game and never downloading from this developer again!!!
It just a black screen! It seems cool but it doesn't work! DON'T DOWNLOAD!
Saw people rate this 1 star due to galaxy ace force close before opening about 2-3 months ago. Still nothing to fix it.
Nice idea, I mean you guys are getting REALLY good at copying other games. Zombieville already came out with this, so how about something else. Until you stop using other ideas, I'll keep giving you one star
pls fix
Did not receive the gold gift in cartoon wars after download of this game.
I cannot play this game offline on my nook color.
Good game
This just spammed my notice bar. Deleted as i hate that crap. Game is ok otherwise.
Suck. Period.
Force closes when I try to start the game 
mega shitness ( WILDFIRE S )
Did not download
But is set up super slow so people would have to buy coin.. Suck...
Don't waste your time unless you want to spend money on a flaming homosexual game!!!!
Boring.
Fu
A waste of time to download. The controls are a joke I mean the guy kept shooting the wrong way. I'm rather disappointed cartoon wars is a good game but this one isn't. Seriously Gamevil you can do better
Controls are way too glitchy. Must be why this is free.
Good
Doesn't get past any screen, it stays blank, first time this has happened. To much used up space on my phone?
Make it movable to sdcard
I played this game quite often until it had an update over a month ago. It hasn't worked on my Huawei Mercury ever since and I've reported it multiple times, but nothing has been done.
Wuld give 0 stars force closes wen I try to open it
Im not spending money on this crap...
game will not open anymore. was a 5 star game but now is 1 or 0 till the issue is fixed
Don't try to buy gold they don't add it to the game
Need network to play the game no like if someone has no network can never play the game only wireles
Every time I launch it t It sends me back fix plz
Great game fun as ever
For one thing my name is Samantha not Kim. For another thing this game sucks. Trust me I'm a gamer I've played lots of games. And this is by far one of the most difficult, boring games I've played since I played hungry hungry hippos with my 4 year old step cousin. If you played and liked it all I hav to say is that u r 1 of da most borin, yet challengin ppl I knw. Mostly borin. It is  hrd not 2 text tlk. O and btw READ THIS U UGLY BITCHES! That was 4 all the ppl who thought tis wz 2 long 2 read.
Does not work on my cricket huawei mercury
Sucky controls can make or break a game so im uninstalling
Bestest game ever after gta 3 on android great job gamevil
This is total crap my brother hit start new game and there is only one save slot instead of the supposed 3 so I was and level like 60 or higher and its all erased so go kill yourself it only has a game on level 5 with 2000 gold you filthy liar also it won't let me rate it 0 or less so I AM FORCED TO SAY 1. Now I just uninstalled and am playing other games cuz of you
Hate it
It one cool game. I love the different stages it get harder as you go and the weapons are official. I seen the new version and I'm going to get that one too.
Ok I'm good at almost every game but these controls sux and it crashes..
Took like an hour to download and 30 minutes to install all so it can just force close every time ......nice
Side scroller is way better. These controls are frustrating and unresponsive. Its a shame because cartoon wars is awesome and this is a major disappointment.
Cartoon wars 1 is the best. This one is sht ..
I download this forother game
I just recently downloaded it and I cant play it cause it force closes constantly. I'm using the huawei ascend 2
Won't even start the game. Mercury
Game does not load on my phone, HTC Hero with CM 7.2.
Cool
Its not a bad game at all i like it!!
Controls glitch bad at the worse of times. The same across all devices. Regardless of manufacturer.
Good game but I can not play it... wtf!!!!
its waste my time to play this game..force me to exit and never get a chance to play it..anyway,good job..
no comment
I purchased the 29.99 coin pack now it doesent let me play give my money back or ill sue you guys for game malfunction and i got proof
Forcce close upon start
Prices are too high
Fun game.. but even on easy theres one level that me and many others just seem to not b able to beat unless u play the same level 100 times to get money to upgrade.  Which is unfair cuz they do it on purpose so ull buy money from them
The enimies i hate are the archers.
Game is awesome, but controls lag and get stuck a lot then won't function for a few seconds resulting in my death. Fix this please! Can't get anywhere with this going on.  Motorla electrify.
I can hardly finish a level because of the controls constantly freezing up please fix!!!!!
Your defensive capabilities are horrible and enemy ranged attacks move too fast to dodge. Prices ramp up too high, and good gain increases too slowly. Weapons are also insanely expensive, along with the stupid overheating. I should not have to upgrade multiple weapons to use one of them. A handful of tweaks can turn this into a killer game, but right now it is rather flawed.
Terrible controls... they just stick, or forget my fingers.
Boring game
I rly wish it wouldn't shut off immediately :( I feel so jealous now and sad that is y I'm only giving it 2 stars, if I could get on........ A hands down 5 star.
I like this game but it won't  work on my phone if it worked it i would have rated 5 stars
Best game ever no dout  against that but when I pause it my guy freezes and I cant move him Fix it please id rather play and die than be stuck and die
Buttons lag and added 35000 gold and not only did it restart me from level 69 it made me run weird and had to restart again wat poor support on gamevilles part!
D-pad will randomly stop working. Other than that its a very fun game.
It freezes WAY to much. It freezes to where I have to take the battery out. Very annoying. Also, the things in the upgrade shop are very expensive. Change these (mostly the force closes ) problems and I will rate it 5 stars.
Im not sure if its just happening to me or a few others but I downloaded this game on both the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and the Samsung galaxy s2 and om both the controls seem to be faulty. There should be no reason for my character to shoot left when im clearly pressing right, or for him to stop moving when there are 5 or 6 enemies around him all of a sudden. its a pity the controls are this faulty because the series is great and this one  brings a different taste to the table but its hard to enjoy.
I bought 80,000 gold with 10 dollars, the game crashed and i didn't receive my gold when my payment was authorized.
It constantly screws up. Good game. If I let go of walking my guy stops shooting
On Galaxy S2 Skyrocket the movement and shooting buttons are hard to use, sometimes stops moving, sometimes wont shoot.
Pretty good gameplay, but I have some issues. Gold and mana need to drop a lot more often, when you get gold, it's so little compared to how much the good weapons cost, since when is a rocket launcher weaker than most of the weapons there, and costs less than a rifle? The upgrades don't seem to do jack sh*t, and the overpowerd enemies arrive too early. Major improvements are needed.
It's fun but the moving button stops working at times on my galaxy s 2
But dosnt let me install :(
Keeps force-closing on third level on HTC inspire. Please fix this. Fun game though.
Could easily be 5 stars, but without spending money on coins, VERY difficultbto upgrade, even after suping up your gd per level to 20+. As someone playing it as a free game, it gets stupidly difficult in places (been stuck on lvl 101 for a week now).
How do u work this thing?!its soooo confusing.....!!!!:'lfirst one's waaaaaaaayyyyy easier.....:')
Fun game, but it doesn't work offline.
Pretty cool game, but I made it to the hundredth something level and went to upgrade and it erased everything after I made my purchase. That includes all the gold I purchased from the store past and current( Wich was over $30). That's not Android money people, that's real money, What The Hell....Seriously? Samsung Galaxy Note...T-mobile G2X....HTC MyTouch 4G....HTC Amaze.
It is OK not the best I ever played
The two controlers freeze a lot. Waiting for an update.
Wifi being required makes it impossible to play on the run. Also stage 79 is completely impossible to beat with the strong makes and huge mace guys running out all at once. But still a fun game.
Unresponive and controls sometimes have issue working. Good game but needs control adjustment. Should have option for keyboard commands
Good game. Really sucks when you want to play it and you don't have internet. (Often)
The controler is awful not worth downloading but fun game
Didnt like
wtf it takes 23 mb of ma phone memory & no app-2-sd support hellya :-@ uninstalling :-(
this game has the word controls in the world!! extremely hard to control and sometimes it doesn't register. even if the controls were better the game would not be that good.
The repetitive gameplay makes itself rewarding with a large list of upgrades and weapons to purchase. Sadly, its far to often that the finnicky touch controls just don't function correctly
Good. Weapons
But can't be moved to memory card
I love this game i played on my fren's phone and i tried installing on my phone but it keeps force closing...
Cooler Than cartoon war bUt Bad
Was ok game but the controls are too spotty.
Hard but I still like it
super awesome but no cheats for free not the game I wanted
It wont let me so much as even open the game
I like the stickman figures
Overall really addicting very fun to play but the controls are horrible. It bugs out sometimes
...except I don't have any buttons.  So, this is gaming for the 21st century, huh, beat up as many as you can so you can pimp your arsenal. Then you can beat some more. The graphics are nice, gameplay is crisp, but beyond that you find yourself struggling for meaning behind stick people killing each other all the time.
Okay so the game is a good concept and fun to play except when i lose control of my guy and he cannot be moved because of the stupid touch pad it sometimes works and sometimes doesn't i don't understand. Or the he gets stuck shooting in one direction.... Please fix this
Why can't you make PvP if you make it maybe it willbe better game
If only my gunner man didn't get stuck going in one direction shooting until I lifted both thumbs from the controls
It  should  be  more like  cartoon wars 1. I  give  it three  stars  cause  its  still  fun.
dumb
this game is cool  because of the upgrades
Crashes a lot but a great game
Hate the fact the game harasses you into rating it.
Please make this game playable for defy. I am a big fan of stickmen. When I want to uninstal it says me this program was never instaled... (5 stars if yiu will fix this thing)
Lower the weapon cost. Then ill make it 5 stars
It works flawlessly and it is a ok game but after a little bit I got bored..
This game is good and eberything but stuff is way to expensive. On lvl 141 with luck maxed out i get 10000 g avg total for completing a lvl too bad i die way to fast to be able to beat this lvl
Its a highly addictive game. I downloaded it d saturday and played it d whole sunday. But when i get to level 65 d arrow DOES NOT seem to aim in d right direction anymore. It shoots in different directions. This has been like for months now. Very frustrating I have a samsung G2.
It's ok i guess
Love it!!!
Great game and everything but if you have an app like juice defense that will disconnect connection automatically for you and you lock your phone, all your unsaved progress will be deleted.
I like this game but I can never go down because the movement control is to close to the bottom of the screen
Cool but not as cool as cartoon wars 2
It just wasn't super fun
It takes forever to load but it looks awsome
fun game but the movement d-pad thingy sticks OFTEN.  makes me angry and not like it for long.
On my motorola photon the joy sticks stop working this needs fixed.
The game is awesome but it jumps around in difficulty one wave your fighting swords man and spear guys the next your fighting 10dragons they should let you go back to other levels you neat like in cartoon wars 1 and make stuff cheaper
For those who go out of cell range.   You can't play the game.
KISS YOUR SOCIAL LIFE GOODBYE:-)
KISS YOUR SOCIAL LIFE GOODBYE:-)
Needs new automat w/o holding slider when shooting and moving at the same time.
Would be a lot more fun if you could shoot on 2 axes instead of just 1. Only being able to aim left and right when enemies are coming from above and below you is very frustrating. It would also be more fun if it wasn't "pay to win"  10% into the game.
Fun until stage 19, then half way through stage the game controls stop responding and i die every time.
So far so good
love this game
Every time I play it, I get in trouble because the controls are HOORIBLE! Uninstalled.
I had fun but it's forgettable.
Why is that my character unable to level up? I've been playing for a full hour now and still unable to level up, thus making me unable to buy those better weapons???  Please solve this!!!!
It wasn't so bad but pretty cool
AWESOME JUST AWESOME it awesome it makes me go O_O
Hard to control
Fun
Good game
Game play Awsome . just to get a good character insane my nephew and I played it on iPad there most expensive person is 100k and gold gain is bad for android I have like lvl 20 gold and It's crappy iPad lvl20/50 is Awsome fix it some bit lol
I wish we could send armies
I do not get it , why does it need wifi to play it why could not they make it for free
Cool
Its fun
Game would be perfect except it's another internet leech app. You literally cannot play it without a network connection. The developers need to realize this game is for MOBILE PHONES and make us able to play whenever we want.
But it made me start over and I was lv 60 :-/
Its not great but OK.
The controls keep going out... sometimes i cant move to the right or sometimes i cant shoot to the right and sometimes both. Keeps happening till i restart the app. Amdroid 4
Only for kids
It's really fun and adictive, but I'm on round 48 and it keeps crashing when I complete it and it's annoying.
It's fun, but if stupid physics annoy you, don't get it (Bow fires farther and faster than assault rifle)
Controls are glitchy. Fix  please
S
Fun
The game is great and very fun. But at certain points in the game, the controls start glitching and freezing up, making it hard to play (using sgs2).
Cartoon Wars series is the best free game series available. I've played the original, gunner & 2... these games are the only games worth playing... uninstall angry birds & every other game you think is so awesome & install the trio. You won't regret it.
good
Lvl 69 too hard play 10 time still stuck there and the shooting control suck.
it fun but  I have probells with the conters
The stick people but the enamies need to be tuffer and it will not let me play it some times
The d pad has a range limit so  I cant put my finger all over the screen that stinks
Great sequel to game but the cost of upgrading to better characters is absolutely ridiculous. Its a great game in general just the only issue is the gold system.
Nice app I played it all the time until I would save a game and the stupid game wouldnt save how far I got so uninstalled
to all the idiots complaining about it being overpriced, the app is FREE, unlike on the itunes store. and for some reason the movement and shooting analogs ccut in and out. PLZ FIX. other than that, perfect.
It takes to long too open
Great game except when the controls screw up
it would be if you didn't have to spend money to actually advance in the game. But, then again  they wouldn't make money  would they.
Wooot
Can't we play this game offline? Whenever i try opening the games it does not allow me to play without an internet connection. Help please.
This is fun game but is there a good reason I cant play without internet?  annoying.
Gonna get to lvl 29 and get stuck. Don't waste your time, unless you want to spend RL money.
Needs better graphics and mor guns but i wouid love for the guns to lower the price please change
Fun
Controls could be better.
Could b better
When ever i move and shoot at the same time, the stick that shoots gets locked up, so i can't kill people on the other side of me
Its kinda fun
Nice game
It's a kind of new concept thats fresh
The controls could have slightly better. Everything is also WAY to expensive and the gold you get doesn't help much either. Gets boring after a while using the same weappns. Must pay to get full fun factor.
The controls are fustrating.
Great game loads better than original
This is an excellent game, would be a five star rating if I could play it on the go, because my phone isn't activated, so basically its an android ipod. Five star rating when this game is made playable without wifi.
Love the game :)
Played on my friends Android awsome, but when I try to down load it on my Android ZIO it will only load up to 100% then will show the news on it then go back to home screen...... pppplllllllzzzzz fix..... on the other case awsome game keep it up.....
Goodbye N
This game is great
The moving and shooting its glitchy and twitchy. And I keep dying because of it. :( And I love this game.
If the weapons was not so high it would be rated five stars
Hard to get money and guns/upgrades i think bow all the way upgraded is THE best weapon
I love this game but the controls suck. Fix the controls
The game is excellent but the weapons cost waaay to much. Would be great if they were lower
This game is good but I don't like the cost on money when I up grade the ipod version is better
Amazing game but the controls are garbage sticks keep sticking and lagging like crazy fix the control issues and this game is a def 5 stars
Good game. Please make it available offine again
I think the game is great but it needs an update, it needs new weapons and creatures
Can be really fun but the controls stop responding every few seconds. Have to pause to refresh them
This game rocks!
Sweet game but  Not Xperia play optimized
okay
I have a Droid X2 and i like the game and all... One of my favorites, but every once and awhile my character will stop moving and just stand there as the game goes on... Please fix!
For one,the guns are WAY overpriced but i think you should incorpirate the games together have like diffrent modes
Awesome game
Controls are Bit hard to use. But first one is better
Ill give 5 star if you let us play it offline
Everything is WAY TOO OVERPRICED. I've seen the iOS version, and they are much cheaper than android... Match the prices and it will be 5 stars.
The game itself is awesome. One of my favorite games on my phone. But it has a lot of bugs, many of which make it frustrating to play. My biggest complaint is that the pause button is effectively useless. If I pause a game it either force closes or the controls don't work right when I come back.
One of my favs. But!!! Mages need to be turned down. In round 79 4 armored Mages walk on and fill the entire screen with their attacks. And they are extremely high health and high damage. Then 3 of the big mace guys come right behind them and their range and damage is brutal. Just please lower the mage's attack and not allow more than 3.
Its pretty fun, but its like impossible to win without buying coin.
It's alright. Should be able to shoot in all directions though.
Good
"What's new" says app 2 SD support added, but it didn't work for me. Sucks because it makes a great game unkeepable. @ over 20MB, app 2 SD is NECESSARY! Plz add app 2 SD support for my phone! Otherwise great game though...
Frustrating control problems with the firing and moving controls. Firing button will get stuck or my character just stops. Really ruin the game for me.
Apparently all cartoon wars games controls are problematic after pausing the game. On this one you can't keep moving and shoot at the same time after pausing. Its either or
Major control issues i love the game but fix the joystick lag for he galaxy note
this game is cool but the controls kind of ruin it, they are slow and sord of unresponsive at times but overall its a cool game
The concept behind the game is great, even if the controls are a bit wonky.
Okok
Ok its ok
controls don't work all the time but game is fun and has lots of potential	good game though
Level 89 is way too hard please make a little easier and would be a 5
The move control sticks and puts me in a corner and I die
It is a kick butt game. It rocks.
Please make that we can use keyboard for controling the game, or please make the character controler flexible, so we can put our finger anywhere. 5 star if you do that
Absolutely a 5 five star game but a mandatory internet connection just to play when it is not an online game is beyond absurd!! Most games that require internet for ads still work when not connected!
Although very entretaining, there's much work needed as far as controls go. Uninstalled.
Controls freeze. Can't run and die or u can only shoot in one direction.
The game isn't opening on my atrix
I loved the cartoon wars on apple. It was fair and innovative. This one is fun for a little bit but gamevil got greedy and forces you to buy gold cause  you can't continue. Do  something
It wont let me install it
Best to kill time
The controls stop working constantly on my accer tablet u should fix this cuz I won't spend money on coin till the controls are constantly smooth but good game and will give it a 5 star then
I dnt gt y thy let u buy the game if u gna hv to buy it
Awesome
Fun game but the controls are sketchy at best fix the controls ill give it 5 stars
Awesome This game is so awesome but not 5 stars because of the network error I cant play outside of my house my phone is samsung galaxy S and I have no 3G I thought the network error was fixed and I tried uninstalling and reinstalling... This game was good on the ipod/iphone I had :(
It's an absolute fun game but the controls seem to be to small for my thumbs to keep on moving. Still fun.
It's a litte tricky.
Great but have to buy gold nope
Very fun
Just like cartoon wars there is a network connection requirement,  so no playing offline, just so they can sell you some gold. Otherwise its not as fun as cartoon wars, controls take a little to get used to and they stick sometimes.
Tough to move characters. Would be better if movement wasn't so stuttery. Droid thunderbolt
At level 44, i can only play it for 1 min and then its freezing. I'm using samsung galaxy note. Any idea?
your game is cool and all but can you make the sword cost less?
Galaxy Tab 2 7". Have to pause the game to get movement/shooting back. When fixed will giver 5 stars.
I would give the game a 5 star but I don't like the price of the wepons but it's still the best.
Good but impossibly slow without creds
Wud give 5 stars but it made me lose everything with a new phone.
Seru banget,unik. Tapi yang gak seru, games nya harus pake internet. Ngabisin pulsa.
Need more gold
FIVE STARS FOR PLAY OFFLINE!!
This games is really fun to play on . If your board this is a game you should download . Music sounds great as well .
The game runs very slow on my HTC EVO 4g please fix please I'm begging you. When fixed I will give 5 stars
Excited about the upgrades gameplay is smooth
Excited about the upgrades gameplay is smooth
I admit its a great game bute the hole one man band is super hard wats up with that the first one was better
Awesome
but add offline play
T
a must have game
Repetitive but time wasting.
Need some further adjustments.
Love the music
It's fun but after level 248 it starts to get impossible even with everything upgraded! Other than that it is very fun.
If u give me 50000
Soooo addictIVE
cartoon wars never lets me down
Fun to grind away and upgrade
Good game
Hard but easy and fun when you unlock stuff
Best game
This is a really cool game but u need alot of points for like another weapon but other than that aswome
Hard at first, but gets really addicting.
Its. An awesome. Addicting game could add more stuff.
Good game but should works offline
Its a great and cool game and I love it but it should have been a 3d game.
is awesome to play this game
But really hard
So adiccting. Cant stp playing it. Just run around, shoot. My type of game:-)
They should have it so you don't have to have internet then it would be better
The pistol should do more damage and shoot farther
Awsome
great  cool
If a little repetitive. Fun time killer however.
Nice little break from in depth games
When I first got the  game I was blown away it was very fun and I found my self spending more and more time on it but when I reached the higher levels and unlocked air as well as ground troopers I found the game less fun and even infuriating. I think a good update would be to just have ground troopers and a different world for  air troopers
I will give five stars if this game would not need internet to be  played. But this game is very cool  I would super like if this game is available without internet.
Fun and addicting though the aiming keeps resetting
Great game. Good sequel to the original
The dam controls stop working for after a while. Gud game thou.
Good game but screen goes black wont load and my Guy wont move
Game i
Not as fun as the other two cartoon wars games but good for passing time.
Its fun and cool but only one person kinda sucks
I love the game. Its easy to use some time up or to loose track of time.. I simply cant put my phone down and I dont have an expensive phone, I got minds free but the topic is how excellent the game is...... believe it or not, I might break my screen because Im so into the game... 2 full auto tekz is my choice of weapon. I have only been playing this game for two days and already im on wave or lever 61. I LOVE THIS GAME.
I will give it 5 star if theres a offline version
Nice game play
Cool
Shi
Good
Pretty fun
Addicted!!
They told me too
I'm at lvl 90 now and the levels are so extremely difficult. Because there are only minibosses, there is no way to gain a good amount of gold. Please please please make it possible to go back to previous levels! That would earn this game 5 stars. Otherwise it becomes pointless to play at 90+
Its fun.
nice
Awesome
it will be nice if the gold doesn't cost that much, cause is very thrilling game
Fun fun fun fffffuuuuunnnn!!!!!
This is extremely addictive but the guns are too expensive.
The best game
Mantab n mendebarkan
Man i want galaxy s2
This game is so fun!!!
Best game ever
Great game!!
Great game, maneuvering could be easier Touch that up and its a 5
Amazing game, funny...
Cool game dudes
The upgrades are  expensive else than that its cool
The upgrades are  expensive else than that its cool
Cool!
Awesome
This game is great!
Putty fun
Only issue is it forced me to store this review
Good fun passes the time on long commutes.
GOOD
A little confusing for a starter but gets better after every round
This is an extremely fun game, but what kind of lowered my rating is the fact that you must have interney to play it, terrible for when I go on a trip with no wifi
Nice game need.find a way to get gold faster
Helps to pass the time whenever I'm bored its was a bit difficult to get the hang of.at first but I got it eventually
Cool game
It's very awesome
Fun game and still want my gold
Great game
Awesome awesomeness
I like it, it passes the time
Awesome game, may be a little hard to get the upgrades and weapons but overall fun
it's a cool game
Please get rid of the internet connection required for the game..-_- its kinda Kill Joy.-_- but all in all..  Great game..^_^
Nice
It can only be played when there is Internet connection.Please fix it. 5 stars if fixed.
great game....
I can play this game with epic
Pretty fun game
the game is great but you cannot be out of a wifi network
Lovvvve it
Awesome
It dont save to SD
Game is awesome, but controls lag and get stuck a lot then won't function for a few seconds resulting in my death. Fix this please! Can't get anywhere with this going on.  Motorla electrify.
Great game
It's good but there was a point where I was stuck for like a month. Overall really good though.
it needs more better chances for gold or lower weapons prices
Every time I open this game it pauses and then work up till the title screen then says something but it moves to fast to see wat it says.
Its the best cartoon game
Cool
love this game
pretty fun
It's an ok game
Cool
It not as good as cartoonwars
No more boringatude
Game is spamming me to give it a 5-star rating... Spam is bad: 1 star
Pretty good game
Nice
Its a pretty fun game. It helps pass the time and there a lot of up grades.
This game is really good
It's a lot if fun
It really fun and  addicting
Love it!but they should let you go back through levels.
It is just like Cartoon Wars except you get to move about and select weapons.It's Wartastic!!!
its great games? hope I  can play it!!!!
Awsome
Really fun game but all the time it stopa and wont. Let iu move
Pretty good game. Keeps you going back for more
There should be the skill points system like in cw2, except with a higher max level, it's too much stuff to upgrade with the money you receive each round
Nice game
Good game,controls need work
Cool game
So far this is a addictive and simple game, which is a nice time killer
Terbaiiikk
Good game,just need a few improvements.
Food
It is so hard cant get past level4 gamevil you should make it easyer
Need to kill something before going to sleep? I highly  recommend!
Awesome
I have only gotten to stage 3 when it asked me to review. I will give more detailed review upon completion of game
so far so good
Just sarted seems pretty good so far! Good upgrade system and tunes
Nice
Best game ever
good forever this i love it
Good gane
It would be great if it don't jam during battle
Try to figure out how toget use to this games, why give me the skill in 1st place if I don't have man a to use it
Good change of pace and addicting game
Bellissimo gioco ma non capisco perché i salvataggi devono essere fatti online e non sul dispositivo... se si potesse giocare ofline, int Will be the Best game on the google play
Quit asking for stars.
just played it for 2 minutes on tablet Prime, seems nice, fun stable as well
Cool
Haha it okay ..
Its good,  I just dont like the controller.  It freezes alot.
I like it
Nice game
I had to uninstall and install again
Awesome
Good
Great game. Add a way to go back to previous stages in the next update.
This is a great game no lags.
Make it no internet to play the game
Great game. Keep up the good work. But asking people to rate during game play sux.
Its cool
The game is very good,but their should be replaying levels to help us get upgrades faster!
Weaponry is too expensive
Great game
Quite nice
It's quite an addicting game. Looking forward for the next release from this development studio.=￣ω￣=
It's quite an addicting game. Looking forward for the next release from this development studio.=￣ω￣=
Like game but should pet us play witout internet
Its alright
So glad that you brought this game to android thank you. I have a problem with the image quality on a tablet and the anolge stick needs to be smaller for the tablet other than those amazing game.
Best game ever no dout  against that but when I pause it my guy freezes and I cant move him Fix it please id rather play and die than be stuck and die
Sv
its a little too big
Please make this game playable offline and lower the prices. Everything is just way too expensive
Love the game
I love the game is so nice
Awesome
Besy game i have ever played
I like the app !!!
I think it is very fun mostly because you get new weapons and stuff and I like the new opponents that come
Good game.  Love the concept, game play, upgrade hierarchy, the fact you progress without with have to pay but there was one small flaw... the control interface.   I have big fingers.  With the lft\rt fire slide on the rivht that need to be continuously press in one direction or the other to fire in such close proximity to the special skill button I often hit the special skill unintentionally.  I also slide right of the end and stop firing.  The move dial on the left also is to small for large fingers.
I liked the second, even though it keeps freezing and crashing ob a Galaxy S. Fix it please? I bet this will be good.
If you couldd earn gold just a wwwweeeee bit faster, i'd give it 5 stars. But other then that, this game is fantastic! The controls are nice, and you ccan pick up on them immediatly.
Awsome game,just needs no wifi
A little plain but very fun
Very good
Good graphics, game play good, controls are ... difficult. Droid 4.
Fun great game!
Fun but needs bosses,lots of new new stronger enemies,levels,music. Everything else is great but those things.
It was good ,but weapon cost to  much gold
Great game easy to play but once you start to progress through the game a little the mana stuff and powers get sort of confusing
very nice game
It runs good in my tablet but the graphics are bad can't ser my money.I wish they cuold fix it
Good game a little hard 2 control the bow
Its awesome not perfect cause u always need internet but the rest is awsome
Its fun and time consuming!
This game is great but for some reason and at sometimes, I can only either shoot or move and I cant do both
You should have a group of allies or at least make out co-op.
It would be even better if you can have a group of alies, cheaper weapons and upgrades, and easier levels.
Could play for hours...got nothing else entertaining at the moment.
Cool
The game so fun
The game so fun
Game is fun and its easy 2 pick up and play
Its a great game only things is everything is expensive. They really want u 2 spend real money
die Original-Cartoon Krieg war besser
The story line is amzing. Love the characters. The controls are not as good as they should whoch makes the game a bit lowee.... improve that and will be happy to give it 5 stars.
This game is awesome
this game is amazing
This is awesome
Great game in general...just took a while to download.
I like it
Pretty awesome
I HATE IT IT WON'T LET ME PLAY!!!!!!!
Give me a few more rounds before you start nagging me for a review and the results might be better
Everything is over priced ipod is better
.
Its an OK game I'm not gonna lie it was fun EXTREMELY FUN but hard as a mutha F***er so overall its good just hard but who doesn't like a challenge
Run and gun can be lots of fun
Would be 5 but overpriced
But needs more weapon and a little bit cheaper
It a good game but it will be better if u can play coop
It's an awesome game but when I play the controls are to sensitive. If im moving and I change shooting directions it makes me stop moving and shooting. It's like you can't use two fingers to play!!! Please fix.
When you have had it for a long time it crashes and some times dose not open!
Excellent, only thing that keeps me from 5 stars is the controls and difficulty curve .
If they have added more enemies and weapons it would be perfecto
It keeps me entertained which is why I got it.
Good action game
Awesome man,,,,,,,,hard to get guns for newbies though
Cool game but you need a lot of coins to get the good weapons and upgrades.
Great game but wish it was easier to get money
I feel that the controls need to be more fluix.
I love this! Only thing is please make it so you don't have to be connected to the internet. Thanks!
But the run controls keep looking my finger
Not bad,
I like it
finally i found on the market a game that i like but sadly it force close on my phone as soon as i begin the first level,my phone is samsung galaxy ace.
Good
Update weapons and abilities please
Good game,but items are very expensive.
Its a great game but the only flaw I see is that the weapons are overpriced and the only real way you can keep up is by buying gold w/ real money. Otherwise great game! 4/5
Cool game i even liked the other one
You should be able to hold down the fire button and shoot aromatic,other wise ITS AWSOME!!
Absolutely luvin it!!... new at it though..
Good game..exelent picture...
Lg p500 has problems with multitouch, pls add auto button
Fun game addictive
I use my Acer icon a tablet to play this game and it is flawless. The one thang I am not a big fan of is that I have to control the guy on my own but good nun the less
Really expensive add-ons
It's fun I guess, but it's not the best app there is
Good side scrolled, other cartoonwars game much better though... Imho
The game was great, the price is too WAY expensive that people force to buy gold for easier gameplay. Will rate 5 star if fulfil this demand
Why does it need a network while u cnt play online?stooopid.
This is a pretty awesome game. Very great!!
Its alrite
Force closes a few times. Otherwise 5 stars
This is my single favorite.app and I'm hoping for an expansion or DLC but the single problem which earns the four star vs. the five star rating is that at about.level 200 my game bugs out and as.soon as my game loads my character dies instantly, also.all.character attribute upgrades cost random huge numbers that scroll off the screen.  This horrible and irreversible problem is only balanced.out  by the amount of fun.I had getting to this point at level 200.  Hoping and.praying for an update to.fix.this bug!
Nice game
Fun
Great game. A bit challenging at high level
Only played for a minute before being asked to rate so far so good motarola tab.
Great game
Soooo goood!! GET IT!!!!!! But u need internet connection which kinda sucks though...
Its a good one
Great and fun little game, run smooth without any problems
Hello I love ur game so much
AWESOME¡!¡!!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Its not a bad game at all. Will deffinetly keep the happens for a while.
Good but needs better story line
My only complaint is the items are overpriced.
My only complaint is the items are overpriced.
Fun waste of time
Good game would b better if the controls to move and shoot worked right it's.keeps sticking if fixed would b a five star game plz fix this.after awhile it becomes nearly impossible to.advance
Too expensive to upgrade things... reduce gold costs, or increase income..
Awesome, but resolution not very hd in Xperia s
Good
It's fun
I just reinstalled it cuz I updated my phone andnow it still is not working. 5 stars when it stop force closing before I start
Good game but u cant move to sd (now u can) and when i tried to buy gold it took the money but i didnt get the gold
Good game but u cant move to sd (now u can) and when i tried to buy gold it took the money but i didnt get the gold
Messin boys up
This game is awsome.. drawn my phone batt.. coz of addictive.. keep shoot!!!
Simple and also interesting
Cool game screen heat messes with the touch controls phone issue.
It is a very good game but I wish if it didn't need network to work because I can't play with it exept at home.
Cool game and fun to play with but network connection makes it lag slot.I like game .
Excellent game, but please make the controls more responsive and try to make it so my g-tab can play it without wifi. Thanks!! :)
I got a second degree burn on my thumbs,but i must say gamevil, you are doing it right
Great game!!!.... Would be 5 stars if weapons weren't So pricey
.... The constant need for a Internet connection to play is the only downside. Offline play would be a welcome addition.
Less gold
Cool game
Good game
Controls are a little weird but great game
This game is great and addictive . Love it kinda hard thow keep up the good work.
Good game. Gets pretty tough. My question is, has anyone ever actually paid 100$ to get 1.25 mil in gold??? If they did they're retarded.
But controls start to mess up after a few rounds of playing
Great game!
Good and addictive but need more rpg like and faster increasing mana
Fun to play for a bit
Keep up the good work!
Pretty fun
It's alright. Should be able to shoot in all directions though.
Some of the game mechanics could use some tweaking, but fun game
It's free. Thank you.
Needs better starting class lol
Its good but not the best ive ever played
Its a good game to pass there time.
Controls get in way
I Download it once And it didn't work So I Download it again And it worked! Awesome game I highly recommend it! 5 stars if that didn't happen
Controls seem a little wonky.
Update control bugs... using galaxy s2
Good game
Its fun but how do u unlock guns?
But I would love to have Xperia Play support, and that'll make it worth my five stars.
Hope it doesnt lag
This game is awesome though a bit difficult to move well. I would recommend a system where you touch the screen and the man moves in that direction
Great game for galaxy s 2. Smooth
This game is cool
Its so cool.
Good for killing time
Good for killing time
I love the game, and it's EXTREMELY addictive. The gameplay is smooth and the upgrades are expansive over all aspects of the game. My only complaint is that the controls are a little twacked. Otherwise it's a great game
Would of given 5 stars if game was able to be saved on memory card now I will proberly have to delete due to memory low.
Good is to good but it is ok
good game
Fun game could use minor work on control. Easy to play
Great game
Yup
Awesome
Fun in the olde ways of games like Robotron and Smash TV...I like it! ! ! Control takes a bit to get used to but still good fun.
Pretty fun to play
Good game
I would have teams    grafits
Please update the control surface....
Joystick sticks sometimes
Beast
Its better than the last one now i dont get bored
Its better than the last one now i dont get bored
Like the game play so far, the controls could be tighter though
Its amazing
This game was awesome but i already gat all weapon and has been in stage 89,then game were become boring,so if there a new weapon tis will be a 5 star
it's good but needs more weapons
Simple but very entertaining.
Unique game
More money
Pretty fun game
Fun game, addicting to play, movement control is annoying though, doesnt register and my character gets stuck and dies
AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!
Awsome game the gameplay is better than the rest of the games
Pretty good but it needs work on the controls
lkke this game...
Its a fun game but its way too hard to earn gold even at higher levels...we should be able to replay lower levels like in cartoon wars to gain gold faster
Fun, good, awesome!
i like first one batter
Need better controls should have tilt version instead
Guns
very good game a little lag but nothing that would effect the game too much
Good game but please allow SD support for those of us with limited memory. PLEASE!!! Would be 5 stars if this was possible
When is Cartoon Wars 2 Heros gonna come out on Android. Desperate to play it NOW on my phone
I love this game its fun an awesome
Cool game
This have is fun. Force closed on me once but I started it back up and it's all good
This game is very addicting. Would give 5 stars if the weapons didnt cost so much money. Also if you could earn more money. Besides that, great game
Its difficult than the first one
Needs option to move to SD card. Besides that good. I'll give five stars when that option is fixed.
It might just be my screen but the controls to shoot can be annoying.. other than that the games great !
Sweet game, really fun
All good
Needs more playable characters tbh
Very addictive
It was real good the game i loved it !
This games is awesome but on lvl 36 the controls are a little messed up. Can you fix it?
It would be great if I save the game into the SD card as the file is large.  I had to unistall other games to make room.
Nyce game...
Theres no way to earn gold!! :(
awesome :)
Very good game...only thing it needs to improve is the controls...but I know you guys will fix it..so overall It's a good game
Its a great and fun game, but even if you switch it over to your sd card, your game wont be saved. I got a new phone, all my apps changed over, and nothing but the app itself, not my progress.
I like this game. Although the price for the upgrade does not buy a better stat only the next numbered level.
Stickman it cute
Love the game but the controls are hard
Great game. The controls get sticky sometimes.
Some type of button system for right and left shooting developers more accurate shooting please for the next update
Awesome I would play this for hours! One downside it doesn't run anymore 4/2 for now
Good game, but I don't really like the controls. Having to ouch the screen to move AND shoot is just weird
Good game
Gold gain is slow compared to ipod version
Tough to move characters. Would be better if movement wasn't so stuttery. Droid thunderbolt
Easy to play & fun
PewPew
pretty sweet
Fun good controls
I like the game........just sometimes the controls stop working..:(
Krazi game kinda repetitive tho
Jus try it
It's a fun game and good concept. The controls do not respond sometimes and can become frustrating.
Untill u pass all the low levels then they make u pay for coins to unlock things. Let me just pay 99 cents for the whole game please.
I love theis game but... I can't play It
I love theis game but... I can't play It
Love the game. Hate the concept of paying real money for fake money. That's why I don't have Xbox live. You are a fool if you pay real cash dollars for fake ones
Controls take some getting used too but awsome game
Cool fun.
Pretty addicting!
5 star
Is this game have cheats
Excellent game really fun
Excellent game really fun
Nice
Hsjsksjhsbsksjsbsk
Great game
Good
Semper Fi baby!!
Semper Fi baby!!
your game is cool and all but can you make the sword cost less?
This game is like Call of Duty:Black ops! I go crazy.
Awesome
It is a fun game to play and kills time
Best game ever
This game is fun great for wasting time
No issues. Loads fine. Plays as advertised. (Droid Razr)
One of the best game I have played
Really Fun game.
Ang ganda
Best game ever
Best game ever
Great game I love it got addicted to it it's just so fun I even got the first cartoon wars and the 2ND.   awesome game.
Nice game. Xperia x8
Modded mine, 90million Gold and all guns are lvl 10!
Ssss
Its a very good game easy to get gold for cartoon wars 2
Good
Love it and all the cartoon games hoping for more
Best game ever
¡¡¡vladôná êspágôlnÿ!!!
Nice game
Best stick figure game iv found so far
Great game!! I love it and im wondering how much stages and upgrades there are. SO ADDICTING
Great game!! I love it and im wondering how much stages and upgrades there are. SO ADDICTING
Excellent. 5 stars
very good game time consuming
Lots possible with this one. It's kinda like a stick figure  castle crashers
The bet game ever still they shoul make things that you buy to cost just a little les cause the level's do get kinda hard.
Pretty fun
Amazing
So freaking awesome can't stop playing it
Idk at first its fun but gets really boring...
Idk at first its fun but gets really boring...
Love this game yo
Joyfull game
Its really addictive
Awesone game
This game is one of the best games i played.
This game is one of the best games i played.
This is better on the Android
Nice game I like it
Its just awsome play this game its very addictive game.....
Its just awsome play this game its very addictive game.....
The upgrades are fantastic i think that if you buy it you will be on it for quit a long time
I cant get enough baby!! This is too good to miss!!
Great game. Keep it up!
Great game!
Great game!
Instead
Great game doesn't slow down my phone and is fun as hell love it love it love it!!!
Does not load beyond 20% and then closes. Pls fix
Does not load beyond 20% and then closes. Pls fix
It so cool
BEST GAME ON PHONE
Im a fan of cartoon wars keep up the grate work .
Really fun to play,mainly for awaiting weapon upgrades :-) and it's free..
It doesnt get more fun than this.
Everything is so expensive... find a good hack and it ain't no more!
This game is awesome play it every time just so fun.
Very dope game! Just picked it up for the first time...FUN
This is the best game ever I recommend this game 5 stars GREAT GAME KEEP IT UP GAMEVILL
Awesome
Good game
I think that this game is awesome so came and download this game :)                        ()_()                        (.  .)                        ()  ()
It's toooadally awesome
I like the cartoon idea its great its a n mud st have please more updates!!!!
Like I said... I just got and its making me rank it so hopefully it stop asking me....
Like I said... I just got and its making me rank it so hopefully it stop asking me....
Asome
WTF it so good
Best game on my phone! I have no regrets on getting the game. It's very addictive and I recommend it to anyone who is really bored. Endless fun :)
epicis game ever im useing a nuther slot and the fasted is lower lvl im on lvl 29 on 3 slot with bow still  and its on lvl 8 the bows epic and who says the fasted wepins the warst evib if althe way lvled rong its epic i got it on the lvl whar its higher  then some of the 1s that cost more then 100,000 epicniss game and win u lvl the bow up enuff its epic so dont just buy new weppins win u can upgrade the 1 u get and win u get higher then get new weps trust and yoll do grat
I love it I play it all day
I love it I play it all day
I love it I play it all day
I love it I play it all day
game is awesome
Nice game
So good
So good
Best game ever
I love it
Awsome
This games is really fun to play on . If your board this is a game you should download . Music sounds great as well .
Awesome
Epic game
Totally cool and good prices too.
Wish you didn't have to play so much for points you gotta earn em lil by lil for expensive upgrades takes forever to earn new weapons
Cool beans
Best
Keep it up guys
Bgb yo
The game is awesome make more levels
The game is awesome make more levels
Some Levels glitch and the touch will go off , cant run around and shoot ,  get stuck..
Fun game but stuff should be cheaper other than that sweet game.
Good
Love it
Better than all the athor cartoon wars
Awsome
Sweet
Just got it today and I'm already hooked.
This is so cool!!!
Cool
Cool!
a must have game
Controls glitch bad at the worse of times. The same across all devices. Regardless of manufacturer.
This is very addicting
Nice
It always force crashes on me whatever I do... Please fix: Galaxy Precedent
You must have this game!
Fun game
One game. Coll
This game very best
Hillarious
Cool
Very fun game, I'm addicted.
Very fun game, I'm addicted.
Love it
I enjoy this game so far and hope it becomes more than it already is
This is a game that makes time fly. Thanks for this game.  I give this game *****.
Its so awesome on my zio so much action
this game is addicting
Its the best game ever...
I've Goren every weapon in that game the robot is SICK
When the game loads to 20% it freezes my phone
Good game
Best game ever
Awesome
bla bla bla bla
bla bla bla bla
Best game in the store!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sweet
Sweet
I like this game so much
it would be top game onedy
I love it. Run. Shoot.upgrade so simple yet perfect 5 stars easy !
This game is very cool I  want this game to be more cool.
The game awsome
Cool
Thanks
Awsme..
Fun but a little.hard
Hell yea nigga
AWsome
AWsome
Wah
Soooo addictIVE
Soooo addictIVE
Simple but amusing
A great game and hope you guys keep making more!! Soooo addicting!!!!
I like the game is fun to play
It's. Awesome
I love this game simple yet fun
No
Awesome Fun!
Better than the first one . I like playing gunner :D
Fun to play for a few minutes or a long time
Amazing action game
Taking cartoon wars to new heights was an ingenious idea. And the game is free. Nice work! ;) I give it five thumbs up. I must admit that earning gold is tough but it's fun none the less.
Taking cartoon wars to new heights was an ingenious idea. And the game is free. Nice work! ;) I give it five thumbs up. I must admit that earning gold is tough but it's fun none the less.
Awesome
211 hard i got staff  .i.
Fun to grind away and upgrade
Super
Fun
It rules I love it
Its very fun and addicting!
Its free.  Its not perfect but its darn good!
Addictive
Great app definitely download
This game is amazing
Its a great game you should try it
Cool game
Cool game
Awesome cartoon game
Just force close!!!!!?? Please fix this problem quickly!! I cannot play this game on Motorola Defy+?? Why!?????
im not big into phone games, but this is fun. make sure u have a decent sized screen tho
im not big into phone games, but this is fun. make sure u have a decent sized screen tho
This games ight
Coolest game ever
This is a really cool game but u need alot of points for like another weapon but other than that aswome
Yup
Nicce
epic game ppl
Kill
This is my kind of game
The bomb
The bomb
Gg
Ddddd
Only issue i have is with the joystick to move it sometimes will not work but other wise great game
Only issue i have is with the joystick to move it sometimes will not work but other wise great game
The
Best game ever
Love it.
Coooooolist. Game ever
Its fast, controls r good, and the games awesome, just waiting for future updates
Its fast, controls r good, and the games awesome, just waiting for future updates
It needs to be Xperia Play optimized pretty please!!
Hard at first, but gets really addicting.
Nice concept. Hopebmore more update in the future.
Best game app then how in a long time
Awesome game
this game is mad fresh
Cool
Good game
Good game
Cool
O.G GUNNER
Lollollopoik you should get it
Fun to play when you're bored or waiting for the wife at the mall lol
Nice game!!!!
Addicting and if you get this one get cartoon wars 2 aswell
Shooting,missiles,and explosions?! This is the perfect game fort a person who likes shoot email up games
Really nice game and really fun.
This game is the best
Best games ever
This is all I liked about #2. So I like this very much
This is all I liked about #2. So I like this very much
This games get better past the first level and it gets better guns and perks 1 cartoon wars game im a fan it addicting........... for the maker of game.Hook it up with some gold for giving you such a great review  a million sounds goid
This games get better past the first level and it gets better guns and perks 1 cartoon wars game im a fan it addicting........... for the maker of game.Hook it up with some gold for giving you such a great review  a million sounds goid
Bagua
Best game ever I love it
Got it, love it, can't stop playing it!
I play until my battery dies after 2 charges. Every entertaining
Easy to pick up. Hard to put down.
This game really blows my mind thanks to all who were involved in devolpment
This game is awesome
hi
hi
Epic
Epic
Good game
Good fun game so far
Cartoon wars gunner just like the best game ever I ever have played it is like awesome cartoon drawing I just love everything about it :-)
Hdhhddhd
Hdhhddhd
This is one of the best games i have played on a Mobile device.
Its. An awesome. Addicting game could add more stuff.
Its soooo addicting
Lolollilolol
I love this app its smooth and addictive as.
Really fun
Wow
Games its cool
I like the stickman figures
Fun
Nuff said
Get it
Love the game
Great game. Controls are a little hard but nothing a little practice can't fix
ShaBAM give me some ham this game smoking like Bill Clinton toking
ShaBAM give me some ham this game smoking like Bill Clinton toking
ShaBAM give me some ham this game smoking like Bill Clinton toking
Good job
This game is the best. .
Great I love it!!!!!!!!! Works perfect in MyTouch 4g & Tablet Acer Iconia A200
Keeps me entertained
Keeps me entertained
It da bomb.
Awesome
Not bad at all
Not bad at all
It's gets up into it
I love this game so much and I cant stop playing it because its so fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm still wondering why in the new version everything is so expensive, Could you make the Flamethrower guy at least 150,000 dollars, its o expensive. Still an Amazing game!
Fun to play
I bought 4000 gold abd then it just deleted my progress and i was up to battle 280 uninstaaaalll
I love this espically the robot suit thing u get to use its so awesome
I love this espically the robot suit thing u get to use its so awesome
I love this espically the robot suit thing u get to use its so awesome
Used 2 play alot but no longer works right...
ace
It is cool like the miz
definitely 5 stars
I like this game
so fun but make items cheaper
Very cool war game very eddicting and fun
Ya
Top notch game
Best game ever
Exciting
Cool game
Kill !!! Dod
This was on apple only and my friend had it I loved it now its 4 android
This was on apple only and my friend had it I loved it now its 4 android
This was on apple only and my friend had it I loved it now its 4 android
FUN AS HELL
FUN AS HELL
One of the best android game i think
This game is really well made! I would leave a longer comment but im too eager to play.
I love all the cartoon war games but this ones the best by far! I'll give it 5
THIS IS THE BEST GAME I'VE EVER INSTALLED!!!
Best game I have ever played in my entire life, awesome.
I love it
I love this game
Quick Battles perfect for work time breaks.
Quick Battles perfect for work time breaks.
Adorable
Great
No comment.
I love this game, its the best game ever. . . love the machine guns!
I haven't even played it yet
Nice action game
sangat bagus
Gud
Bad controls, looks choppy and cheap, repetitive game play, and gets pretty boring after a while. Uninstalling.
A Really Fun Game
Awesome
Best cartoon wars ever
Cool
Its challt. I love it
Just love it ;)
Great
Awesome
I love Cartoon Wars
Great app
Game keeps you occupied
This is a sweet game
But really hard
game is awesome became addicted once i started to tye hang of it
What a game very good and no cheats difficult levels a very good game
Hjbb
Awesome game
Awesome game
So adiccting. Cant stp playing it. Just run around, shoot. My type of game:-)
Great no reason not to instal it
Great no reason not to instal it
Awesome.
I think that there should be new games of this. It is the digidy bomb.
Play
Awsoeme game defitnetly worth 5 star rating
Where is my reward at
Where is my reward at
I love this game
Cool game
Awsome
Awesome and fun
Awesome and fun
Awesome and fun
I love this game and all the cartoon wars ever made
gile
Awesome game!!!!
Awesome game!!!!
This game is awesome
Niceeeee..
Most asome game ever!
I love this game a lot
Good to play this
It is awesome
Good fun to kill time with.
So far I like it :)
Cool
The best game ever!!!!
Very cool and entretainig
The title says it all!
Awsome
Made other to round 12 with just the bow
It keeps me busy when bored...
Fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-)   :-) :-P
this game is fun
Great looking and enjoyable game
Awesome
Awsome game very very awsome game super game hyper awsome
Hella fun!
Hella fun!
The pistol should do more damage and shoot farther
A graet gaem
I love this game so awesome addictting I can't stop
Best game in the world go gameville
Awesome
So awesome       (:
Cool game
I lost my all upgrade in game after update :( Samsung Galaxy S I9000
Fun! Fun! Fun!
good game great for when your sitting in court
good game great for when your sitting in court
Great game love it
Great game love it
Epic
It is awesome
Nice games..good job..give 5 star..coz..really awesome..;-)
Nice games..good job..give 5 star..coz..really awesome..;-)
Cool
Yes
Yes
Decent game
Awsome
Just can't put it down
Awesome
Awesome
:-)
Nice game
Sweet
Sweet
This game is better than cartoon wars!
Awesome game!
I luv games lik dis
great  cool
Lots of fun:)
Great Game
Great Game
I love it
Amazing
Well done
Yup
Really fun and entertaining
I love this game
Awsome
Cartoon wars is the best never lags never freezes and it has guns swords bots . Please make cartoon wars gunners+2
Fun and addicting
If only my gunner man didn't get stuck going in one direction shooting until I lifted both thumbs from the controls
Best war game
this is one of the funnest games I ever played on a smartphone
This game is really good keep up the good work.
Fun
Fun
S
Good
Good
It's really fun to play and I like it very much!
Great game  its addicting
Great game  its addicting
Very good
Its challenging as hell but still cool.
Awesome. Game but needs more guns and blood/rounds
This is the best of the best
The best game I ever played
I dnt care if its only a phone game, imma n on this all day !!
Cool
Just put weapons free.
Awesome just awesome
from itouch to galaxy s (:
from itouch to galaxy s (:
I works perfectly and has some allsome theme songs
it is a good game
If u didn't play THIS, U SHOULD
It is an epic time waster
I want unlimited money
Good game. Good for killing time. Just the necessity for data connection should be removed. Its annoying for users who have data usage cap...   no move2 sd card suppprt...
More updates on this keep it going
Don't listen to all the negative feedback s. It is really awesome
Great game lots of fun
This is a very good app
Fun game
Awesome
Sick game
Hardbutfun
Hardbutfun
I've played this game for 9 hours straight
Cartoon games from gamevil are all fun
This game is awsome
This game is awesome
This is the best free game with unlimited waves
Nice game
Nice game
Nice weapons
Nice weapons
Great game. Good sequel to the original
Hands free magic would be sweet
Very god game
Nice addition to the series.
Nice addition to the series.
Fun game
Nice!!!!
Very fun app works well on my gnexus 7
Very fun app works well on my gnexus 7
CcSüper
Awesome
Cool
It's difficult to control the guy... But with some practicenthe game became Funny.
Cool I recommend it to gamers
Fun and addictive!
I love this game
Real cool
Won't even open on my huawei blaze, what a disappointment. Complete waste of time. One star, because I have to. Sort it out please. Why put this on Android market if it won't work on an Android?
Awesome AF
Sickest war game ever
Awsome!
Every time i hit those eye things the game pauses
Gamevil makes the best game.
Fun game really love it. Would like to be able to play game with out mobile network or WiFi though so you can play offline all the time sense no unlimited data plan. But the game is amazing.
Fun game really love it. Would like to be able to play game with out mobile network or WiFi though so you can play offline all the time sense no unlimited data plan. But the game is amazing.
Fun game really love it. Would like to be able to play game with out mobile network or WiFi though so you can play offline all the time sense no unlimited data plan. But the game is amazing.
Fun game really love it. Would like to be able to play game with out mobile network or WiFi though so you can play offline all the time sense no unlimited data plan. But the game is amazing.
Cool game like playin
Must
its ok
This is ice!
Helps kill time
Very fun
Very fun
And cool
Best game ever installed!:-)
Best game ever installed!:-)
Best game ever installed!:-)
Best game ever installed!:-)
Awesome
Best action game ever
It's a awesome games it cool that you can purchase new weapons.
Luv it
Plays good
More weponry
One of the coolest games
Nice
This is amazing but it could use some
Cool game is a five star game recommended :)
Awsome
Cool
Simple but awsome
Fun to play love it
Very good
Most adictive game ever
Works fine, except some lags with capacity sensor
Simple and to the point. Love it!
Love; it
This is a good game fun
Uh........ was an awesome game
awesome style fighting game!
Thank you
I am awsome at this game nothing can deafeat me mwahahajaa     the j is silent
Good graphics never lags good game
this game is cool  because of the upgrades
What a addictive game!
Yup
I love this game so much
Fun gameplay easy to get gold 5/5
Awesome
This is one of the best game I ever play
J
Cool I have it downloaded on everything it can
It's one of the greatest games I've ever played!!
It's one of the greatest games I've ever played!!
Awesome game when bored or not!
Mjmpmtmpmgmgmktwgjpwgmgdgwgmjwhmjgwgjmgwtdgwhmgwgdpwgwgdgtgwgmgwgngtgjmgwgmwtgwg wgmgmjwpmwmg whwgdg whnpjwj
Great game...had to reset phone, but its cool. I can upgrade and I love the controls.
Great game cant stop playing it
This is my ordinary game .Kill,Upgrade,Kill again. Love this game But can u lower the prices
Works great on a Samsung galaxy 3 but not on this, why idk otherwise its Awsome fix please......
It a good game I l
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
:)
amazing, i have bin looking for a time consuming game like this forever
amazing, i have bin looking for a time consuming game like this forever
It funny to play and worth the space
Great
Sweet
Yea buddy
Just amazing
Just amazing
Just amazing
Me likey.thanks
Awesome!!!
Good
It amazing  game
Best cartoon penetrate game
It is so cool
Love the variaty of weapons and skills
Lots of fun
I LIKE TO PLAY LOT
Good
Having played the first Cartoon Wars, jumping into this was like a breath of fresh air. Lots of fun so far. Controls are easy to learn and become accustomed to and the combat is rather satisfying. Can't wait to see how awesome my guy is going to be with all these upgrades. And you never need to pay for the gold if you just spend the time playing the game. :)
Great game!
Great game!
I always love these games
Works great on samsung galaxy s2. Very fun!
It is cool
Awsome
Awsome
Cool
The second I started playing I got addicted to it
my controls stop working at least five times in one round so I have to keep exiting and reentering the game so I won't die
the most bllooooddyyyy and awsome and cool and awe awe awe
the most bllooooddyyyy and awsome and cool and awe awe awe
Its an interesting yet entertaining approach to a war game.
Awesome
Nice..great game.
Coool gaaaame
Coool gaaaame
Sticky...
I can't stop playing this games
Nice and different of what I have been playing, I recommend it
Nice and different of what I have been playing, I recommend it
Good game
Good game
Good game
This is a awsome game
This is a awsome game
Had this game on my old phone was mad that it had me start all over but got a new phone hoping it's still as good and doesn't have Me start over again
Awesome
Best game ever
Ilove it I cant stop playing it
Its just awesome
This game is beast
This game is beast
Awesome game.! Keep. Up the good work ...
Gg
Good game to pass by time or high lol
great boring games.
great boring games.
great boring games.
Good time waster. No negitive things in it, i.e. bugs that I found.
Love it
Love it
Very fun and cool
I think this game is quite fun
Best Gamee Ever.!!
Great game
Cool beans
Jonathan
This game can keep u on it 4 hours!:)
I love it
I really love to play this game but the controls are kinda hard to get use to but besides that it is really fun to play on your off time
good game
Hey awesome guys keep it up
Nice,  for a cartoon.
Nice game. I playing the other version
I like it
I like it
I wish it was less mb
Coolest game ever
I love this app and the.way they made the monsters is cool! The weapons are awesome too.
Monoton but I love it
Monoton but I love it
nice
Cool Game
Cool Game
Awesome
Very nice and simple. Could completely get addicted to it
Fun fun fun fffffuuuuunnnn!!!!!
K
Cool
very good game
i like it
A very good game!
good
good game
The best game
The best game
Great danger like to play it a lot :-)
Mantab n mendebarkan
this is one of my favorite games please get some new stuff for it
I luv the cartoon wars especially this one. The game is sooo cool that I am so attached that I even have all the cartoon wars. 5 stars for me. And keep up the good work!!!
best game ever unlike those crappy games
Great and Fun game
a thousand times cool
a thousand times cool
A savage game
I love this game I have all cartoon wars!
Love it trugoe
Great wee game
This gam is better than gta
Really fun
Greatest game I've ever playedj
Really sweet game
This game is so fun!!!
Best game ever
Best game ever
Easy to play, and lots of fun
Easy to play, and lots of fun
AWESOMENESS!!!!!!!!!!!
Pulsa
This game is ok but  hates it
Yrea
This is a good game and very interesting game
Great gamevil game again!!!
Great game
Great game
Great game
Tight like two under lips yo!!
Very fun and addictive. Godd job gamevil. This one is worth it and its free! This game is worth a doller buf I am glad its free!!!
This game rules
This game is awesome
This game is so awsome i cant explain but the people who get this game would think its awsome cause its very addictive
awsom
awsom
This game is very addictng very fun and well very addicting good job Gamevil!
It's great the best
Awesome game! Keep it up gamevil :D
I have no issues with this game, which makes it all the more better
I have no issues with this game, which makes it all the more better
I have no issues with this game, which makes it all the more better
This game is beast....
This game is beast....
Cant stop playing
By far my favorite game.
I think honestly that this game is fun but really wierd its probably gonna keep my brother calmed and excited to play it so thanks for makin this game so my brother can calm down:)!!!!!haha
time wasted perfect when nothing to do
Such a good game!
This game is good and eberything but stuff is way to expensive. On lvl 141 with luck maxed out i get 10000 g avg total for completing a lvl too bad i die way to fast to be able to beat this lvl
This game is good and eberything but stuff is way to expensive. On lvl 141 with luck maxed out i get 10000 g avg total for completing a lvl too bad i die way to fast to be able to beat this lvl
Only problem is I wish it wasn't so gory
Its a highly addictive game. I downloaded it d saturday and played it d whole sunday. But when i get to level 65 d arrow DOES NOT seem to aim in d right direction anymore. It shoots in different directions. This has been like for months now. Very frustrating I have a samsung G2.
Awesome
Awesome
Oh yeah, good god.
I love how you get have one person fighting.
Boobies
i downloaded it on every tablet i play but prices for guns to high
Putty fun
Super fun game
Whole different. Game but stillfun I like it
Great game they make it for iPod as well.
Another great cartoon game >=)
BES
BES
It's ok i guess
It's ok i guess
Wow great gun
Wow great gun
That's a best game ever
it's the greatest!!!
Only issue is it forced me to store this review
Only issue is it forced me to store this review
Still haven't tried it yet but I can tell it will be a good game from playing other cartoon wars
GOOD
Great game
Super cool
It was amazimg playing.
This game makes.deployment.awesome
Force closes on my sgs plus :( i don't want to crush its rep with 1 star, i cld play it a bit.... and it's awesome
first time dying on level 26.
Just put 5 star
Wonderful game to have on your phone simple shoot and survive with upgrades...
Fun, cool, addicting, yet so simple and easy to play
Awesome upgrades and I got the main suit worth 200000 gold but it was way worth it it's on the photo on the front of the game and it destroys everything in its path! and I'm on level 100 ! Keep the updates coming I've got every doodle wars there is love gamevil games
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!........................!
Awsum
Kinda remind me of patapon.,
It rocks, hope u could update and create more cartoon wars or gunner games!
This game is additive and fun. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great game to play.
This game is additive and fun. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great game to play.
Great game but it would be better if you could hire teammates
Lol
Lol
Yes
This game is so much fun.
Love it!!!
Love it!!!
Sick game
Sick game
Sick game
I love this game
Could you add a touch to move feature?
Very addicting, tons of levels and cool weapons. However, it gets way too hard forward the middle, because enemy units have too much life. Otherwise, its even better than cartoon wars 2!!
Get it.
Get it.
Endless he's of fun never gets bored!!!!!
Awesome
Asomeme.
Best game ever
This game is AMAZING
Good game
Very addicting game
Very addicting game
awesome
F
O
It's my favorite and best game!!! OMG
Sweet stuff
its awesome
I would rate 5...if I could play!! Always exits on its own. So frustrating....
***Problem fixed. Thank you.
Yup
F in awsome
F in awsome
F in awsome
You need to add some bosses every 3 roundd
You shood play this
You shood play this
You shood play this
its sooooo cool
Cool
WOW
There is only one thing that I don't like about this game. The weapons overheating, but that's what makes it challenging so kudos to you guys
There is only one thing that I don't like about this game. The weapons overheating, but that's what makes it challenging so kudos to you guys
Awesome
Awesome
This is an excellent game
This is an excellent game
I can play this all day at work and not get bored. Great way to kill the dead time.
Cool but can you make the store weapon cheaper
Cool but can you make the store weapon cheaper
Best gam ever
Fun
This will be the coolest game ever
Awesome game
This game is amazing. Its a good time killer. I have it on my Kindle and my smart phone. (The weapons are awesome too)
Bang bang!! Nice games.. Easy to play..
Kills time and is very addictive. Smooth gameplay and great sounds. Two thumbs up way high.
This game is great
Just shows that you don't need fancy graphics to make a 5 start game.
Just shows that you don't need fancy graphics to make a 5 start game.
Love this game
Wonderful game!
Amazing in every way
Good game
Amazing and fun
Amazing and fun
This game is just as much fun as Cartoon Wars...so glad I installed this app!
Runing around is better than watching stick figures battle
Runing around is better than watching stick figures battle
Simple but addicting
Controls are smooth, game play is addictive, and game evil rocks.
Nice game
Kind of slow. LG apex. Also multitouch could be significantly improved
Owww yaaaa
Owww yaaaa
:-D :-D :-D :-D :-D :-$ :-D :-D
Fun game
Unique .simple . With minor complexity. Perfect game for killing time ... its not a platinum hits or anything ... but awesome indeed
X
Awesome
Like the whole series of cartoon games
Fun game and still want my gold
Great game
Wow cool
i like it
i like it
I love the weapons thegame has.
Awesome awesomeness
Awesome awesomeness
Awesome awesomeness
Awesome awesomeness
Lots of fun.  I really like the guns
This game is awsome
the best
No lag,no crashes, AND IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!!! I HAVE COLLECTED ALL CARTOON WARS GAMES!!!!!! :-D
No lag,no crashes, AND IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!!! I HAVE COLLECTED ALL CARTOON WARS GAMES!!!!!! :-D
Good game
AWSOME!!!!!
This is the worst game
Totaly bad to the bone totaly worth it B-)  !
Totaly bad to the bone totaly worth it B-)  !
Totaly bad to the bone totaly worth it B-)  !
Awesome game, may be a little hard to get the upgrades and weapons but overall fun
Good Game!!!!!
I like this one u have a lil bit more control of the character but no help but its cool
This game is awesome although i think it could be  made  better
Great time killer and gives one hell of a challenge.
Hdvjfcv gddjjf
Awesome
Its super fun
this game will make u play as long as u have battery life.
The Best but you need to add more characters like on cartoon wars 2 like the  (ANGELS NEW MACHINES,The Wizard's tornado  And Asteroids, and Tanks and vultures.
The Best but you need to add more characters like on cartoon wars 2 like the  (ANGELS NEW MACHINES,The Wizard's tornado  And Asteroids, and Tanks and vultures.
Just because app says so.
Best game
Addicted already
Pimpn
Great game
Run around shooting and unlock more stuff, so simple, yet so addictive.
awsome game have never played like this makes me feel like I'm a person need to save th World
I hope I can install the "cartoon wars 2" but I don't have any space for that game. Too big.
Game is fun and addicting
I love it
Epic
Nice
Awsome
This game is so cool
Nice game gamevil better than the original give all five stars
Haulilua thank ya jesus
Wow only one commplante wy is stuff so much gold
Awesome game.
Very good game
I love how you get tons of weapons and upgrade them and yourself
So fun
Awesome
Just as  good a the main game
Just as  good a the main game
Good game
Great game.
Awesome game guys. Keep up the good work!
This game is cool I play this every day
Really good
This game is awesome
They are awsom.
...
cool!!
Good game
One of the best games for android. Fun and addicting
I like this game bc I like it baby
Fun
Good game
Great game
Great game
This game is a lot of fun and seems very cool. I give it a major 5.
I like it o yea u like it  smooth
Best game ever
Great
Awesome can't stop playing
Awesome can't stop playing
Awesome can't stop playing
Fun and never gets old. Definitely a buyer
Fun and never gets old. Definitely a buyer
Nice
Bad
Best game ever
It the coolest game ever I really really love the gunner!
it is a 5 star game
Wow its an awesome game...must download to kill time...
Wow its an awesome game...must download to kill time...
Great past time!
Боже... Я стал задротом...
I like this game its hella fun
I like this game its hella fun
Good
Crazy fun
Nice game .....
Lots of fun buying weapons and customizing your guy.
Lots of fun buying weapons and customizing your guy.
I love shooting these bad guys with all these awesome weapons love it
Cool!
Good
Good
Watch out its very adictive
Fun game.. but even on easy theres one level that me and many others just seem to not b able to beat unless u play the same level 100 times to get money to upgrade.  Which is unfair cuz they do it on purpose so ull buy money from them
I can play this game with epic
Best game ever
I love the guns u get
Needs to be hd
It takes forever to load but it looks awsome
Very addicting and fun game keep it up gamevil
Very addicting and fun game keep it up gamevil
RaWRz
No lie
It is hard to stop playing..!!
It is hard to stop playing..!!
Nice
Good game
Kewl
I really like this game  I can't stop paying it
Cool
Cool
Cool
Fun
Can you guys improve on how much money we get when we kill enemy's
I love this game!
fun game but the movement d-pad thingy sticks OFTEN.  makes me angry and not like it for long.
More!
More!
More!
More!
More!
yes
Good
Cartoon wars gunner is SSSSSOOOOO  cc8cccccccccoooooooooo9ooooooooollllllll the 8&9 are silent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like it
I like it
Not bad
Good
제곧내
One of the best addicting games
It great
So much fun to play!
The best!!
You all never disappoint!
2nd best cartoon wars ever
2nd best cartoon wars ever
Awesome game I can't stop playing it
Awesome game I can't stop playing it
Cartoons wars gunner+ is a cool game to play hotter if you got five minutes or five hours.
So much fun
Haven't had much trouble playing other then the small interface on the small screen, but plays really well.
This game is awesome automatic five stars
I'll have to see how well I keep up without buying gold, but as far as I can tell, it's a very fun game with great controls.
Yay
IT'S THE BOMB
little hard but coolB-)
little hard but coolB-)
Its fun challenging and it's amazing
Really easy to get the hang of, but hard to set down.
!!!
Love it
Its the best yet
^^^^^
Awesome game
Best game played so far
Good shootin fun. I think I've played this game about 4-5 over.great replayability
CHHHHHiiiiDDDYYYYY bbbAaaaAAAAnnnNNNggggGGGG and we pretty much AmAZiNG!!!
I was skeptical at first but realized i was playing for 3 hours... goos game
I was skeptical at first but realized i was playing for 3 hours... goos game
Love it
Love it
Love the action
Love the action
KISS YOUR SOCIAL LIFE GOODBYE:-)
KISS YOUR SOCIAL LIFE GOODBYE:-)
Its the most entertaining game ever. Play it everyday
Great game
The best,
Better than number one
SWEET
It's amazing! Can't wait until the sequal come's out!
It's amazing! Can't wait until the sequal come's out!
It's amazing! Can't wait until the sequal come's out!
It is epic
Fun
Xool
Mmmm
Fudgingly good
The game plays smoothly and it really fun
Lovvvve it
Lovvvve it
Lovvvve it
Fukin great
Fukin great
kawe beri A
This leaves me speachless
Love it
I rated just because of the pictures.
Good game Good game Good game
Makes me feel alive
Good game
Awesome
Like it
Like it
You guys rock keep it up
You guys rock keep it up
You guys rock keep it up
Yea dis tight.
Yea dis tight.
Skee!
Good
Just started but love that im in control
It is awsoom
Yo
A wicked game
Its basic, there are numerous options, and there's open space. Which is why I still play this game even after cartoon wars 1 and 2. And both are addictive
q
Sweet game
I like so much.. Thanks to the developer XD
I like so much.. Thanks to the developer XD
Its supper fun i just started.but i cant.wait to upgread into something cool
Love at first kill
Fun
This game is amazing and in this installment of cartoon wars money is not a problem I highly recommend you get it.
The game is very fun and addicitve. You just go around shooting at, slicing, and blowing up weird people. Quite fun indeed. And the level up system for guns is stellar!
The game is very fun and addicitve. You just go around shooting at, slicing, and blowing up weird people. Quite fun indeed. And the level up system for guns is stellar!
2 much MB but was worth it
This game is so epic
I really like this game. I started this series with CW2 and loved the ability to take control of a single unit and ride to glory.
This is the best game ever + great graphics rate 5 from me :-D
Your so asaeom
Keep it up guys you do it right no game is better NOTHING!!!!
Good
Но слишком простая.
Really like this game
Been playing for three days and still going at it.. It reminds me of starcraft mini games..
Very good
Awesome
Perfect
I had so much fun playing this game!
So far
This game is great. Love the upgrade wit the weapons
Don't ever uninstall this game its the best
That's fun
Cool game
Great game on my galaxy  s 3 works smoothly
Awesome you can switch guns in the middle of a battle. Best game since halo hint second weapon u unlock is a pistol
Addicting
Addicting
Best game ever
Good time waster.
A friend of mine showed me Cartoon Wars and I instantly fell in love with it. I came home fromnwork that same day, downloaded is on my Galaxy 10.1 and played it for about all of 20 minutes. Showed it to my fiance, who fell for it too, and lost it from that point on. He showed his dad and now all they talk about is my mage upgraded to this, my gunner upgraded to that. L O L!!! Hopefully I getnmore than 20 minutes out of this one and Cartoon Wars 2.  Keep up the good work Gamevil:):)  -Kelly
This game is so addicting
This game is so addicting
You all need to make a console version of this for PS3 an Xbox
It's good but there was a point where I was stuck for like a month. Overall really good though.
Good
Hey very fun game
Best game they have ever made
Great game as usual
Great game as usual
Great game as usual
This is totaly cool
Every time I open this game it pauses and then work up till the title screen then says something but it moves to fast to see wat it says.
Amazing game
Is there an ending
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
This game made me feel like I went to Video Game heaven!!!
Good game smooth
Great game. Needs a tighten up on the controls. But good game!!
Great game. Needs a tighten up on the controls. But good game!!
so cool
Ok. Quite fun
Who ever made this game is gay because the enmeys can ame and you cant
realy good fx and controle!
its a good way to pass time
Good
Perfect
Perfect
Perfect
Hecks yess
Hecks yess
Hecks yess
Iwjs
Great game!!!!
Awesome game
Good game
Good game to kill time and it can get very addictive
Great game
Wow. never seen anything like it.
Meow
the best
the best
Get it now
Good game
Games so much fun, absolutely love it. Would recommend it to everyone :-D
Games so much fun, absolutely love it. Would recommend it to everyone :-D
I love this game and will probably never delete it so i give it a 5 star rating
I love this game and will probably never delete it so i give it a 5 star rating
Cool
Cool
It is good
Download wont regret
Love it
This game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This app is fun!
I love cartoon wars It is coooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!
This game is great!
This game is great!
It is so cool I played it for 1 hour straight.
It is so cool I played it for 1 hour straight.
No force closes or pop ups! Works great for androids! Must download!
It's an ok game
Great game
This app is awesome and epic!
Fun
This game is AMAZING!
Cool
Cool
Why is that my character unable to level up? I've been playing for a full hour now and still unable to level up, thus making me unable to buy those better weapons???  Please solve this!!!!
Best game so far
I love this game its the best! 5 stars! idc that it force closes
Addictive and weird game. You can switch your persona on the fly. Loving it so far
I love it!
Good
Mad fun.
...
Good but can add more weapons still good
Best free action rpg i've played yet.
Just got it and its awesome you should download this if you like to have fun!!!!!
Uguugig
Uguugig
No more boringatude
Great game!
Good game all i have to say
Was cool now the play control sucks with the triger lever wont keeps on moveing uncontrolable may delete now. Every other game rules though! Cool
Sick game too much fun!!!!!!!!
Sick game too much fun!!!!!!!!
This is awesome!!!!!!
This is the best game i ever play
Very good game i played in a while
Hooked!
Awsome  be  cooler  if  we  could  sumon people
D
Awesome you get to use a sonic blaster
Just perfect
Literally....
awesome
Lovely
Fills my holiday!
Cool
best games
This game is awsome
This game is awsome
The funnest game yet!!!!
Is the best game
Gs
Wateing
Nice
Been playing dis since I was 10, one of te best games on Google play!
Good game
I first was in the store playing and I was a lol bored til I saw it then I pressed download that's when it happened the epic battles ripped right into my fun loving anime brain yay its a burst of fun yes
Best game ever
Provides hours of gameplay that is fun.
SwAg game
SwAg game
I love it!!! Gamevil never dissapoints!!!
You can really get connected with this game which is one of the many reasons it is so good. Finally a game developing group that lives up to its name!
One of my favorites
This game is really kewl & awesome anything below a five star is messed up
I like
Awsom
Great game
nice
It rocks
New character will be awesome.plus level up
Great game!!!
goodd
:-)
I like that ice thing that kills you fast
Fun game
Cool
Cool
Cool
Man this game is asome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fun
fun
fun
Great
Great
Great game! I literally play hours at a time
Great game! I literally play hours at a time
Best game ever
Best game ever
Its the best
Great game
Good game
Good game
Good game
Good game helps pass time
Really fun and a great way to pass the time.
Really fun and a great way to pass the time.
Really fun and a great way to pass the time.
This is a cute nd fun game you must play it@_@
Love this game
Love this game
This are one of the favorites of my kids,Thnx again to this app and more power always!
Just as good
Just as good
Keren banget. Akhirnya bisa dipake di galaxy ace. Dari dulu ditunggu-tunggu.
Fun game, play and enjoy
Best game i have ever played. I can stay playing it all day and night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like it
Its cool I lake this game
My favorite game. If you spend your gold right you can get a lot more gold and that means better guns without buying gold. Only flaw controls are a bit to small. If you move your finger a bit too far you will stop captain j (you) in the middle of a group of enemy's and die before you can escape. But still a good game. Tells the story between cartoon wars 1&2
The difference is that you don't level up like in number 2.
Nuff said
Im just writing this to make the pop up go away, but yeah great game
It's a awesome
Best war game
Best game I ever played
Aws
Sick
Really like the game. Keep going!
It's cool game
Great game! i love stickfigure games. this is one of the best!! cartoon wars 2 is even better so download it and stop reading about it
This is awesome
Raw
Awsome freaking game
I really love how there is different timed weapons
Pretty dope
It's a great game to have
It's a great game to have
It's a great game to have
Game that makes You play it more and more. The fact it doesn't need WiFi to run is a great addition and adds ability to keep enjoying it everywhere.
Great game
Good
I already reach level 400 more but i ever fight with a stickman too huh wierd
Awsome
This is the best thing to play and the crazy thing is its free which completely shocked me because it is soooo cool
This game is cool you should also try cartoon wars 1 and 2 they are really nice better than palladog cause if your dog dies you loose
This is the best game ever
I really liked the gameplay. It might also beater than call of duty by a long shot.
I really liked the gameplay. It might also beater than call of duty by a long shot.
So good games
Great game... a little too hard, though... but great game.
Awesome
Sick
Works well on zenithink c91
I do not get it , why does it need wifi to play it why could not they make it for free
This game is a great pastime and doesn't make you wait for gold or mana.
the best game ever
I think it could use a bit better resolution on my Toshiba thrive
Good
Its an awesome game but I'm stuck on level 161
Keep on making cartoon Wars
goooooood
This cartoon war games are awesome I love playing it.best game ever
I got to tell ya, it doesn't get any better than this. Cartoon wars gunner is super awesome!
Just plain epic
All the cartoon series war games are fantastic! Gamevile does great again, as usual!!!
very,very good game
Awesome
Awesome
very nice
Great game
Cool
Cool
Entertaining lots of fun
Its cool but i wish they let u do the same stages
Love the game
Just that. It fun and easy to learn.
I like killing and cartoons and its easy 4 me
Good game
Good game
Highly addictive, and best of all it's free! I continue to enjoy the CartoonWars series!
Best game i ever played awsome!!!
Best game i ever played awsome!!!
Best game i ever played awsome!!!
This game is great
Very awsome but needs more guns and they should add famous cartoon characters and online multiplayer
Good game
I think they should lower the prices a bit cus there ridiculous
Super cool game no problem on htc evo
Cool game
But I wish there was Multiplayer would make It a lot better and fun with help from other players
This game is addicting, and doesn't get old
Cool game
Thr bestest cartoon wars u must get it
Good game ... but need to make it xperia compatible
Epic
Rock's Awesomeness
Awsome
Terbaiiikk
Cool game really fun can play it for hours
Awesome you should try it
Exvellent fun game!!
Exvellent fun game!!
Great game
This is an awesome game
good
Great game, but needs more space.
Great game, but needs more space.
This gome has so much action it is awsome
Awesome game but man its getting hard at stage 90... on easy mode.... still fun as hell.
I love this game! Awesome pass time. I just wish the touch sensetivity  was better and didn't act up mid game play
Keep up the great work
U should have a gun at the beginning not a stupid bow and arrow
Awesome!
Awesome!
....
Good game lots of killing
It sucks.
It.      Is.     A.     Grate.    Game.    So.    Far
Great game. Keep up the good work
This game is fantastic and I love it XD
This game is fantastic and I love it XD
Amazing use of multi touch .... and great music too
Would give 10 on this b&!$
Best Cartoon Wars game, better than the 1st especially.
Keep me on the gard
Passes time
It's simple,neat, not many things to confuse u,n easy to play, Simply fun!
It's simple,neat, not many things to confuse u,n easy to play, Simply fun!
Luv this game its beast
This game is awesome
Best
Best
Best
Sweet game!
Sweet game!
Cool game
Greatly done
Very entertaining game. Hours of addictive fun
Nice work.
yes!
Awesome game
Excellent game,,,. Awesome. Graphics,,
Brilliant game! Definitely worth downloading!
Works well on my s3. Keep it up guys.
Fun to play
Awsome
Awesome
Nice but u need to access internet
I would defiantly recommend this to my friend
Easy control system. Im diggin tha weapon switch...
This so awesome so far  I play all three games 1st gunner n 2nd n theres nothin better   Im just hopin for the 3rd one
Sad it only works online but a great game
Sad it only works online but a great game
I love the cartoon war games best thing I have on my phone
get it
I have to be the most part. The only way you can find out more. The only way you can find out more about this. I am not going to have to be the first time. The first thing in the future.. The only problem is the	I have been a while, I am a very nice.... The first thing in my opinion, the first to know if this is not a member.. The
Love it!
Awesome. I love it.
Some of the best games you will play and free! It would be awesome if there was an HD version for tablets ;-) wink wink gamevil!
Very good fun gun
best game on market but I wonder if duel weapons exist though
GREAT!
Very good game.
Great game
5STARS
.
.
D
D
Awsome game
I don't play anything else! As creative criticism, I highly reccomend a Update where Users have option to use their own Music playlist as Background Music! Am I right or am I right lol Sure ya'll been pondering the idea.
Vy
This game was amazing
This game was amazing
I love it so far
I love it so far
So far my fav is the pistol
Great game
i like it
Nice app idiot love it
Awesome
This is a good game for me. You must check it out.
verry good game actualy need more updates
It's an awesome game :)
Best Game
Best Game
Love this game
Love this game
Awesome
Good game
Best game ever
It's to fun to miss out
Nice
Nuff said ^_^
Great
So adicting
The bigger the screen, the better this game
The bigger the screen, the better this game
The bigger the screen, the better this game
The bigger the screen, the better this game
This game is a great game  I recomend this to people who love gun games it takes alot of memory space but its worth it :-)
It a real cool game : )
Best gane but you need to play a lot ro get good at it well not exactly you just. Eed to play a lot to get reallly good guns it took me
I love the series its an awesome game but the buttons are two small.
the best game ever
the best game ever
Cool but,can make multiplayer? Please?
Not to brag or anything but this game is awesome suckers but i wish they made #4  the title should be cartoon wars:the chronical
This game is really great! whanever it is, I like because this game has additional upgrades.
This game is mas
Cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keep the games coming! I love this game!!!!
I love this game I have only had it for a few days and all I will do from now on is play this game
This is an awesome game i like it
Is really good i recromend you try it
Awesome
This game is f-ing awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome
I love it
That is all..
Been waiting fir sd card enable
Its great
This is the cool game
cool
I luv dis game
Just need to make stuff waser to get
Cool game sick man awesome game love it and great graffics
Cool game sick man awesome game love it and great graffics
As a helpful hint, after like 100 the only hard levels end with a one. So to beef yourself up, just play the easy ones over and over.
As a helpful hint, after like 100 the only hard levels end with a one. So to beef yourself up, just play the easy ones over and over.
Gamevil did it again.. another job well done
great game really addictive
game
Long to buid up good guns but that's the fun part
Awesomeness
I love this was this voted game of the year
Good game
I played the original and this is where u r a gunner and omg is it awesome
Cool
Suprisingly fun game. More than just five minutes of fun.
Suprisingly fun game. More than just five minutes of fun.
love it very much :)
greatest game eveerrr
This game rocks. GV you guys make the best games. Thank you.
It is good
If u have any other games delete them all best game ever
Nice
This is the best game ever and very easy to play and pass time
Grate game as are all the cartoon wars games keep up the good work
Epic
Bict
Only one word 2 explain it.... EPIC
Good shut bro 10 star
Best game ever but it wont let me play any more
This game is epic
Good fun game keeps me entertained for hours
BEST IDEA EVER CARFOON WARS
I thought the other one was good, you can actually control him.
I LOVE IT
Cool:-)
Really really fun
Awesome!
This is the best game serious best game ever made for android they should make a cartoon wars were u can fly called cartoon wars attack high
Great game. Definitely worth getting the trio
It is buying and strategy
This game is off the hook!!
Cool
Must play nothing like Eny of the other cartoon game
I lose track of time so easy
Cool
Cool
Haha it okay ..
Knee deep in stickman gore
Sweet
Sweet
Good game. Controls a little sensitive. I have to limit my thumbs from moving so far from the joystick. Still a good game.
Good game
Better than i thought
I stayed up 2days playing this game
I stayed up 2days playing this game
I stayed up 2days playing this game
Fun. Gold prices are ridiculous though.
Best game ever I cant stop playing
So much fun.
So much fun.
Good)
One cool AF game!!!!!! (:
One cool AF game!!!!!! (:
ok for now
ok for now
Super fun game. Interesting visuals with easy to learn controls. Plus, it's just as free as the other Cartoon Wars games. Stop reading and download this game now.
Oh yeah baby!!!
Awsome
Its ridiculously good
Awesome game all my free time taken up halfway
Fun fun fun
Sooo awsome
tee hee
Great game!!
It's pretty cool!
Best game ever
Way better then angry birds
Awesome. Weapons and upgrades become too expensive later in game but is hella fun.
Ausome never can find a better game
Great game
Great game
Great game
Easier than older versioms
Easier than older versioms
Gameplay is great, and guns are great! Highly addictive and full of nonstop action.
I love this game!!!!!!
Amazing, that is stickman
I love it
Awasome,win as single player and many weapon item
Easy to play addictive and its free! Thanks for the great game!
Boring game
Hell yeah
This game is on point. There is nothing bad that I can say about it.
Awesome!!!!!!!!!
This is an awesome third installment, I wasn't too fond of the music and wish I had the option to use my own music.
I like  for game vil to make a new cartoon wars so i can keep playing them!
The most fun game ever
Awsome
Awsome
I love this game
Awesome
Love Gunner but CW2 for me is better bcuz it has both CW1 and Gunner gameplay but Gunner is still awesome regardless!
Pretty good fun
Pretty good fun
I love the music
This is awesome
I had to uninstall and install again
Good game
Hell yes...that is all.
Norm
Very entertaining
Very entertaining
This game is a lot of fun!
Beast game
This game is boss
Cool
I love this game.
It's really fun and adictive, but I'm on round 48 and it keeps crashing when I complete it and it's annoying.
It's really fun and adictive, but I'm on round 48 and it keeps crashing when I complete it and it's annoying.
This is by far the best cartoon wars
This game is super fun
Best game ever but I think they should add more guns and once in a while bonus rounds to gest more cash but over all awsome game
So cool would be more cool if unlimited pistol ammo
Had no problems with it at all Droid incredible
Keep makin more games guys yeah!
It is awesome
It is awesome
Great classic
Awesome
I dont care if these games are the only available these are the
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Gd
Nice war
Best game ever.
This game is too addicting love it!
Awesome little game can play for agers
This game is so addicting and fun that I play it every day until my phone dies.
It's fun, but if stupid physics annoy you, don't get it (Bow fires farther and faster than assault rifle)
It's fun, but if stupid physics annoy you, don't get it (Bow fires farther and faster than assault rifle)
It's fun, but if stupid physics annoy you, don't get it (Bow fires farther and faster than assault rifle)
Very addict
good
Fun!
This is a great game no lags.
.....
I rly wish it wouldn't shut off immediately :( I feel so jealous now and sad that is y I'm only giving it 2 stars, if I could get on........ A hands down 5 star.
Awesome
Spectacular
Great game. Nice to see how it went from castle vs castle to a mmorpg game. Great.
Great game. Nice to see how it went from castle vs castle to a mmorpg game. Great.
Theirs no complaint about this app
its a good game, but they really need to up the gold reward. it gets pretty hard pretty quick.
Awsome
better than the other one! ^_^
better than the other one! ^_^
Wow
Nice
Fun so far!
Nice and easy
It is really good game
It is really good game
Love the game. Can't wait for a CWG 2, would love to see an online co-op
Great game
This game sucks
haha
cool
So coooool
Its awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best game ever i have a tablet so its kinda hard but i still love it
Love it
This gameis super epic
What's a amazing game :D
It's quite an addicting game. Looking forward for the next release from this development studio.=￣ω￣=
Pretty awesome
I played it and I love it
I played it and I love it
Possibly better than the last one
Awesome. No other words to explain
Its basically a very entertaining game. With very less adds , relly nice job done my maker.
Really fun and easy to get into.
Its great its the funest game ever you need to download it now!!!!
Awesome game ever...great for
Awesome game ever...great for
Really enjoyed it, real talk
I can't stop playing this game
I can't stop playing this game
I can't stop playing this game
I will continue to play cartoon games very addictive
Love it
Awesome.
I like the controles and how fast the game runs
I like the controles and how fast the game runs
The series just keeps getting better and better
Is so fun to play I got to level 45 in one day
Cartoon Wars series is the best free game series available. I've played the original, gunner & 2... these games are the only games worth playing... uninstall angry birds & every other game you think is so awesome & install the trio. You won't regret it.
One of the best apps
The game is great so far!
I love it
Its so intense, fun and addictive!!!!!!!!!!
Cool
Wicked game cant stop playing it lol
really fun
Pretty fun game.  Good time killer
Awesome:-B
Reem!
You might like this game, a totally new genere
good
It's not bad, it is an amazing game but it gets too hard and then it forces you to buy gold! It also has to have internet connection! Why would you play your phone instead of ps3 or xbox?
I like this game because it has alot of action
It is one of the easyest games to pick up and play.
Great Game!
its a little too big
Excellent
Super balls awesomeness
Super balls awesomeness
Great game!
This app is awesome and addicting
Its great very fun game
Its great very fun game
best game ever
Awsome just like the original :)
This is cool game i have played it and i love it i cant stop playing it
This is cool game i have played it and i love it i cant stop playing it
Its grrrrreat.
This is one off the best apps I had ever played 5 stars!
I think its asome
this game is so cool
Great awesome game keep it up guy :)
Good  smooth fun for something that runs on a phone.simple but fun gameplay, similar to geometry wars.
This game is awsome but can you plsss lower the PRICE!! also put a big shuriken so exciting
Nice game
Nice game
Nice game
Im 11years old u guys know how to make a game keep up the good work
Its fun easy and cool
Its fun easy and cool
This is a great game!
try it
awesome game nice
Very good
I love it so far
I love it so far
Superb game
You should play this game now its even better!!!
Thiz game is great all u aant in a mobile shooter
i play the other games cartoon wars 1 and 2 :-)
Addicting
Best game ever
Awsome game gets pretty hard after awhile
Good game
Very nicely made game. Dunno why we need wifi on though.
Awesome
I love these games, but it seems like to keep up with the game you have to buy gold and upgrade. It's fun, but there should be other ways to get gold and upgrade
Good game
Awesome game haha to the max!
Well made gamevil rox
Johnny Great and fun keep up the good work.
Fun game
Lot of fun
Amazing!!
I love it
Excellent work GameVil. I love the game and am practically addicted to it. Though, I do wish there would be a dodge roll option.
Game should be on the bigger consoles!!!!!
Awesome
Dude get it ..it kicks butt!! Seriously.
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Love the game
Good times!!!
Its nice
Cool
This game is beast Woo woo woo and u know it
This game is awesome
I love the game is so nice
great game.
Great game
This game so fun......
I like this
Awesome
Okay I guess
Okay I guess
Its awesome O O   V ===
Sick!!!!!
Game
Addicting game.
I love this game
I love this game
Lol mind my spelling ok must down load
This game is by far one of the best games on the market this game should be downloded by every android user.
Besy game i have ever played
Greet game, so funny.
what the title says
Great free to play!
beast
Its like the best game i like the cartoon series like cartoon wars 1 and 2 they are very fun and adicting  :-)
Love it
Its so good
Its so good
Pure genius super fun
Beatiful game
So much fun!!!
This game is fun!
THIS GAME IS SO COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS GAME IS SO COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game I love that you get to upgrade your player
Love it.
This is a cool game u guys should try it.
Hard tp play because  sometimes the controls dont,work. Arrrghh!!???!!
Qwerty awesome
Wow I'm unstopable
Wow I'm unstopable
Good games
This game is awesome Ian Hannah be playing it 4 days
This game is awesome Ian Hannah be playing it 4 days
Awesome!  Love. The series
A cartoon twisted with a shooter game and a awsome third person shooter game and also the contoller too.
I found cartoon wars 1 about a week ago now iv got all 3 an can't stop playing.
Awesome game very fun
love it
Great game
Thee controls are a little glittchy but its a solid and fun game
Awsome confusing controls at first but awsome,
This game is freaking awoke!
This game is freaking awoke!
This game is freaking awoke!
This game is freaking awoke!
It's awesome
This game is great I cant wait for new updates
Just as good as the 1st and 2nd
Started playing this and got addicted right away. I really like being able to upgrade my guy and getting new weapons.
Cool
Best game ever.
Best game ever.
Fun game!
I think it is very fun mostly because you get new weapons and stuff and I like the new opponents that come
I think it is very fun mostly because you get new weapons and stuff and I like the new opponents that come
I think it is very fun mostly because you get new weapons and stuff and I like the new opponents that come
Would give 5 stars but controls stop working after a while
Great game
Good game.  Love the concept, game play, upgrade hierarchy, the fact you progress without with have to pay but there was one small flaw... the control interface.   I have big fingers.  With the lft\rt fire slide on the rivht that need to be continuously press in one direction or the other to fire in such close proximity to the special skill button I often hit the special skill unintentionally.  I also slide right of the end and stop firing.  The move dial on the left also is to small for large fingers.
Good
Good
Very cool but i miss the full war aspect. But that's the point right? Fantastic graphics.
I love theese games
All is said in the title
A stupid, gore casual game! well done! ;-)
This game is too much fun And I give it five stars because of the gameplay
I love the action this game holds. Stick figures UNITE!!!
Sweet
This rocks
Awesome
This game is a must !
My master
Alot better then most games 4 this phone try it n have a blast
REALLY AWESOME GAME LOVE THE GUNS
,,
With a few rpg goodies ^^
!!!!
Love it
Love it
Perfect for when your bored at work !!!haha :D
Perfect for when your bored at work !!!haha :D
This game is one of the best games  I played. There is no problem with this game, everything is fine. I expect an update that gives more weapons to use.
This game is one of the best games  I played. There is no problem with this game, everything is fine. I expect an update that gives more weapons to use.
Awesome
Epic
Nice app I played it all the time until I would save a game and the stupid game wouldnt save how far I got so uninstalled
This game is awesome and it is so easy for me to play it because of the controls and because i play cartoon wars 2. I love gamevil games keep up the good work and I'm waiting for  the next update.
This game is awesome and it is so easy for me to play it because of the controls and because i play cartoon wars 2. I love gamevil games keep up the good work and I'm waiting for  the next update.
Cool
Awesome
This is awsome
This is awsome
Great game really fun
Funn
Funn
image prefunc the first time I play it was awesome
Fun and awesome
it's simple and yet complicated very addictive and a specially strategic when trying to tank
Awsome
Kool
-,-
Great...
I think this is like my 2nd favorite moble game ever!
Yea its so cool !hey and you know what else is cool! I got tackled by Armando then I started crying like for 1 hole hour.
Awesome
Game is beast that's all I have to say
Game is beast that's all I have to say
No coments
This game is so so so cool.:-)
I like the game..itz fun plus  I never..get bored playing it
Just started and it already looks awesome. Big fan of the first one so I know this one will be awesome
Nice game .. Its so fun.. :) love ie
Cute :)
Nice
I really like it,the the only that sucks is that you get little gold,but still its amazing and fun
awesome stuff!!!
Its the best game
Best Cartoon War game ever
Most apps I download suck... But this one is awesome real easy to play to good job creators
Is balla as f
This game is pretty g I just wish they had gold cheats for HTC sense
I needed a fun game and this is It
Super coolllllllllllllllllllll
Super coolllllllllllllllllllll
Addicting and easy controls. Fun game!
Good game
Good game
Good game
nice game keeps u entertained try it
awsome with super machine
It is good and fun but too AWESOME! !!!!!!!!!
Free and awesome
Very good
Very good
Very good
Really cool game
Awsome game,just needs no wifi
I've been looking for a game like this for android 4 a while.  Great game
I woke up in the middle of the night and I started playing, I didnt go back to sleep.
Really addicting stick game
Awesome
Best game ever
Its awesome
The game is cool need a wepen that
F
This game is better than the first and second one.
love this game used to play it all the time i couldnt stand to stop playing so i redownloaded it
best game ever
One of my favorite games. I love survival and stickman games, so this is #1 in my books.
Awsome
Its awesome.
Good game
I love it it's so much fun
The absolute best game ever
Good graphics, game play good, controls are ... difficult. Droid 4.
Its the best game I played but I want an offline version for it. On the go fun
Its the best game I played but I want an offline version for it. On the go fun
Good
Coolest game ever
Title says all
Great game
awesome
Amazing game. It's just the in app upgrades for your character are WAY too expensive. Make them cheaper like the iOS version. Also make it so you can play campaign offline, and add online multiplayer!
Really addicting. Although everything is pricey. I can barely make it passed certain levels.
It was fun to.play. but i think the prices.are alittle OP. It would be greater if you atleast lower the prices.
Coolcooocool
I love this game alot....u guys should add a mode where u have to travel far by killimg people and it will tell to go on and see how far u can go
It's really awesome
Level 52
Pretty cool app 5 *s
I like this game cuz its all about shooting
It's pretty cool
its a bit hard and I can't get past level 8 but overall its a great game  just wish the weapons  and upgrades wernt so pricey
When i play it was fun
When i play it was fun
When i play it was fun
Awesome
Awesome
Good to play,but always need wifi to play
Good to play,but always need wifi to play
It is my favrote
I haven't played this game 4 a really long time and when I got my smart phone I downloaded it and it really fun and it also hars
I'm glad to finally see another great game come from GAMEVIL. Haven't seen that in a while
The epicness of the game made me cry
Run around shoot. Upgrade. Repeat. Sounds like my kind of game. I love having to unlock more and more.
Killer awsome
Awesome
Awsome
Pretty fun but I think its a bit slow
Cool game
Great game must downland!!
Cool
Runs really smooth and has nice graphic designs so is easy on the eyes and is just simple good fun
!!!!
Kkko
Yes
Best
Good game
Awesome
I downloaded this game for my bro and he LOVED it! Thanks!
funnest game ever
Nice
Cool game
Asome
cool game
Really great game love it more great games like this soon plz
I played the game n it was awesome
I love
the title tells u every thing
Cool.game
It is awesome
It is awesome
I got 5 on this...
Awesome
Its rocks
Love this game!!!
Its a really fun game. Could have more of a selection of weapons. If this game were co-op it would make it 10x better
Nice
Cool
Cool
One of the best action stickman games out there Definetly recommended
J
If There Was A Like Botton i Would Press it (:
Could play for hours...got nothing else entertaining at the moment.
awesome
Can't wait for robot
Beast
This is a great game
Maybe you could have the bad guys throw grenades
Maybe you could have the bad guys throw grenades
I ♥ all cartoon wars but some take up 2 much space! LOL :{)
I ♥ all cartoon wars but some take up 2 much space! LOL :{)
I think it is the best game ever to be made
Great game if you like a challeng
Great game if you like a challeng
Great game if you like a challeng
Great game if you like a challeng
Love all cartoon wars
Cool game
Good game
Cake
Love it
Love it
Awesome
Awesome game y'all keep it up
Time waste at it's best!
Great
Love it!
Awesome! !
die Original-Cartoon Krieg war besser
Nice
Nice
Awesome game
Awesome game
Awesome game
Breast
Good  controls, fun graphics.  Definitely woth playing.
Good  controls, fun graphics.  Definitely woth playing.
Ya
Ya
:)
This is a pretty awsome game : )
This is a pretty awsome game : )
Wohooooo!!!!!!
This game is awesome
Only equipment is too expensive
Omg one of the most fun games you play its a must get in my mind
Great game controls for movement slightly jerky
Verry nice game..
Like it just gets to be a good challenge as you play good game
it be best if your done leveling up your weapons, the weapons would have a new power up like in the first cartoon wars
Yeeeeeeee
Yeeeeeeee
Amazing when you turn off the sound and put yours on
Good game...:-)
Fun!
It a good games
Cooooooooooooool
Its nice but too much money for gold. The prices are outrageous.
Its nice but too much money for gold. The prices are outrageous.
Nice game.
Awsome u gotta downloud
this game is amazing
WTF! Put multiplayer, boom 1billion stars
Love day hell out of it
Love day hell out of it
You guts should make it multiplayer and cpu. So it can br more fun. There should be levels to and more weapons
You guts should make it multiplayer and cpu. So it can br more fun. There should be levels to and more weapons
Awesome and fun
It's great :P
This is awesome
The best next to cartoon Wars its self.
Cool addictive game
Cool addictive game
Nice
Nice
Exellent!!!!!
Exellent!!!!!
Love it
O libe it
O libe it
Awsome
Pls fix shooting Controls and aiming sensitivity thx keep up the ideas
Best war game ever pls make more games
I love the weapons.
Best
Sweet it keeps me hostage inside
This game is sooooooo adictave but one thing every time I try to be 6000 gold it won't accept I just think it's my card
Good game
Good game
This game rocks
This game rocks
Great game
Great game
Bloody good man keep up the good work Gamevil
IS AMAZINGLY ADDICTING
Fantastic game perfect
Good
Good
Fun game
Fun game
Cartoon wars  gunner is cool:)
Very cool and action packed
Great game, play it all the time but u need to explain what the different weapon power UPS do and what does "oh" mean on the weapon power up page
Great game
Awesome
Its the best game i have
Owner hey im stuck at lvl. 29 T_T. Hehe i chane the number were i stuck.
(〃･ิ_･ิ)ゞ I like it
(〃･ิ_･ิ)ゞ I like it
Great game just as expected
Great game just as expected
Pretty awesome
Pretty awesome
Awesome rock hard apparently game
This game is AWSOM I would get this game. I got to level 145 on iPhone
This game is AWSOM I would get this game. I got to level 145 on iPhone
Great game
very cool!!
Cool
Great fun to play.
Fun as balls
Really good game
Really good game
Really good game
Really good game
pretty kool
Dude your Awsome
Best free shooter game ever may look epensive but not after a while
Great fun addictive game
The best
Love this game hope more come
I get nothing done with this game around! Its waaaaay better then angry birds!
This game is the best
Completly great not one of those games that just lie to you now i know why this games has 5 stars!
Wow
Sweet game
Amazing game
Amazing game
Aesome
Really good game
Love cartoon wars
A very fun game. Just 2 much gold but still a fun game
A very fun game. Just 2 much gold but still a fun game
Badass just like cartoon wars
Best game ever
Amazing but it needs jumping for some levels
i love this game
Nice
Nice
Epic game so much fun
Best game ever
Cool game!!!!!
Awesome
Best game rpg
Best game rpg
Nice upgrade from the original Cartoon Wars.
Nice upgrade from the original Cartoon Wars.
If the guns weren't so expensive maybe you could actually pass the levels food but ya great overall
Game is insane awesome
Awesome game
Nice!
Very addictive
Game is amazing
Cool cool
This is one of the best games ever.
Fun, addict
Best game ever
This game is cool
Item ok
Item ok
Item ok
Sexxxxx
Best game evar
Very addictive
This game satisfies like the way a cigarette satisfies after having unprotected sex.
Needs better graphics and mor guns but i wouid love for the guns to lower the price please change
Ki.g
This game is by far the best game on phone. If only you didn't need a permeant connection to play :-( love it go on worth the whole story idea.
This game is by far the best game on phone. If only you didn't need a permeant connection to play :-( love it go on worth the whole story idea.
This game is by far the best game on phone. If only you didn't need a permeant connection to play :-( love it go on worth the whole story idea.
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
it's looks difference
it's looks difference
Greatest video game ever better than angry birds
Great game fun easy and all around awesome
Nice game
Nice game
This gLee simply amazing, in the literal sense. Easy to play and looks great on the EVO 3-D. I spend hours playing this, its a greY way to kill time.
Awesome game can't put it down
Awesome game can't put it down
Awsome game
Cool!!!!
Nice
Its like heroin....Dangerously addictive!!
Make a new update with more weapons and being able to get alot more gold
Make a new update with more weapons and being able to get alot more gold
Sooooooo awesome cant stop playing.
good game but its very hard to beat.
THE best action game!
Cool game
This game is so awesome! Wish I could go without the wifi though.
I have only been playing a bit and it's very fun.
Love game
Love game
Its hard with out a army But its pretty good lol!
Stick man rocks
Fjggh
Awesome game.
Very well done. I'm a fan of all the cartoon wars games and this is another fine installment in the series. This in contrast is a much more up close and personal gaming experience than its predecessors due to the single character control factor. I look forward to unlocking more guns and goodies.
Awesome
This game is the best
Fun
This game is amazing!!! A must have for people who enjoy having fun.
Everybody should play this game.
Awesome
The best action game ever!!!
Epic
Yea
Yea
Cool game!
Its pretty coo fun to plat when bored
Coooooool game
Great game
AWESOME GAME
Awesome
Awesome
Lols
Best game!!!
I like this hot guns and everthing
One of my favorite games
Awsome
Great game and great developers!!!
Great
B
Love top1
Best game on my phone its auditing and fun to play when bored or have nothing else to do
Game is good.
My cousin know  My cousin loves it so i bet ill love it too
Ill let u no
Ill let u no
Awesome it is so cool
Will never un install
Good game , impressive. Loving it.
Cool entertanig game
Love it
Awesome app! It's very addictive! I recommend this app if you want a good time waster game.
Ify but awesome
Very addicting game. Love all the different weapons
Loved this game when it came out on the app store. Now i love it even more on my kindle fire!!
Loved this game when it came out on the app store. Now i love it even more on my kindle fire!!
It's so awesome i play it evry day haha XD
Tee hee hee
Can't fault the stick violence
Best game ever!!!!!!!
Realy fun
Coolest game ever!!!
Coolest game ever!!!
Best mini figure you ever totally:)
Best mini figure you ever totally:)
Omg
Best game ever
Better than cartoon wars
You should make a 2nd!
Love this game
Fun
Love it
Nuff
Awsome!!!!!!!
Best game i have ever played
It keeps me entertained which is why I got it.
this is so coooooollll
Can't stop playing it
Nice
Its kinda fun
Really good
Really good
The control keeps messing up but fun
The control keeps messing up but fun
This game is the coolest game ever
Stickmen+violence Perfect combination
I love this game. They should make cartoon wars gunner 2
Do the correct upgrades and dont buy every weapons.....  Its a cool game and highly recommended.....  :-)
Absolutely love the game, only giving 1 start sure to the fact that it always stops me from running and shooting.  Until fix no 5 stars Motorola Electrify
I like your game.
it f**king cool hall hitler
Awsome
This game is very good
This game is awsome but u could work on the d-pad a little
This game is awsome but u could work on the d-pad a little
Fun
Best game I ever played better than cartoon wars 1+2 love everyone download
Its awesome
Awsom
This game is the best plus cartoon wars 2 is epic
This game is cool
This game is cool
Lots of fun
Awesome game ever make another cartoon wars game please
Just a great and addictive game!!! B-)
Nice game.
Awesome games !
Awesome games !
I really love playing this game..so killing ...its fun but hard collecting all weapons
U kill the little guys and time
Selamat datang wahai saudaraku yang telah ditentukan oleh para pengguna yang ingin dicapai dalam bentuk teks yang telah dilakukan oleh seorang wanita yang sedang berkembang pesat.
Enjoyable
Ok
This game is so very intresting I like it so much because this stickman game is very good
must play NOW UR MISSING OUT
awsome game..just love it!!! ^_^
I look forward to the next in the series.
I like cartoon wars I have all of them I'm trying to beat them all
Totally awesome
Totally awesome
Awesome game
It is a very cool and hars but cool game
Love it
Love it
Very addictive game.
I love this game so much very addicting you should download. This for sure.! (Add more weapons.!)
I die
Very addicting
I love this! Only thing is please make it so you don't have to be connected to the internet. Thanks!
I love this! Only thing is please make it so you don't have to be connected to the internet. Thanks!
Love it
This game is really fun i just wish the controls was like that
Excellent
Excellent
I like the games a lot
I like the games a lot
Great game
Great game.
Kool
WOO
I played the demo alot when I first got my droid but I couldn't buy it and almost 2 year later FREE! So have a blast shooting stuffing aa giant robot
Plays smooth Even on virgin mobile pre paid phones!
, fgghhhgg
I like it
Please try to make these stickman games and ather games without internet becauss thwy are very entertaning but I don't have interent evrywhere and I can't play on my bus ride
Fun and addictive. Its also kinda funny.
Great game loads better than original
Great game loads better than original
Awesome
Awesome
But dosnt let me install :(
one of my favorite games I love it
Than the old cartoon wars. Love the change but still enjoy the classics
Best game ever hands down
Best game ever hands down
Amazing game not slow hope they make more
This game is bad a**..I like tht u can change the difficulty
*-* cool
nice!
Great
Awsome game must have app
Really fun and addictive and love the upgrades
This is great on the Acer v100 tablet
Best
This is a cool..
So awsome
I think its a great game...
One of the best games i've played!!!!
A challege
Ive played this sooo much and u still enjoy the game
Fun
Great job one of the best games I played
Good
Great game like the first game
Nice
Nice
Nice
I want the sword
Great game
Good
Best game on my phone that wastes time when bored -kameron
Beeeeeeeeeeest!!!!!!
I love this game and i hope that they come out with a second
Love Cartoon Wars and Cartoon Wars Gunners+, and now theres Cartoon Wars 2. How much better can Cartoon Wars get??
Its fun to play as much as the origional cartoon wars
I always play this along with the others
Nuf said
Download it. One of the most addicting game
Its AWSOME
This is soooo cool....
nice game just needs more upgrades
nice game just needs more upgrades
This game is greeeat!!!!!!!!
It just made my phone so much
I really like this game. 1 of my best games ;)
Game good but hard
Great
Yay my mom let me install it it is awesome
Good game,but items are very expensive.
Love this game
Its off the huck
And adictive too!
Super
Cool
Great
Great
Love the game :)
It is a really fun game
Game get it
Game get it
Cool
This game is great. Berry fun, very addictive, and has great graphics. Look at the 2* rating thing. NO BLUE!
Really like the
This game is crap dont bother with it. Also it wont even start
Cant wait for more
Cant wait for more
AAAWWESsSOmMme!!!!!!!!!
An awesome games for when your bored
This game couldn't get any better unless you gave away $100 with each download...awesome game keep it up!!!!
Looks great and easy to play, excellent game
Hard to pass
Hard to pass
Absolutely perfect! I love the art style and its so much fun ^^ So much fun to JUST use the bow ;p
This game is amazing
This is cool but cartoon wars heroes is fantastic and of only that game was free.
Game rocks
That's my comment,its awesome.
Hhhahhlol
Best game I've ever played
Best game I've ever played
It so fun and violent, kust how I like it
NiceYou
NiceYou
It is so fun and so much violence, just how i like it
This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
The funny thing bout it its a great game
Awesome game.
This game is one of the best I've played in a while
Cool
Cool
Cool
Great game omg I love it it is so fun
AWESOMME ADD MORE GUNS AND IT WILL BE GREATER KEEP IT UPP
Sssswwwwweeeeeeeet!!!
Legit
So much fun, hoot hoot ^^,
This game is great
Better theb 1st one
Better theb 1st one
THIS IS COOL
Awesome
I like it
Thank you
Good for wasting a bit of time..
Free!
Free!
Good
Controls are a little crude, but otherwise good game
Controls are a little crude, but otherwise good game
Controls are a little crude, but otherwise good game
This game is great.
This game is great.
Best Game Ever Make More Weapons And Updates!!!!!!!
Awesome
Good
Good
The moving and shooting its glitchy and twitchy. And I keep dying because of it. :( And I love this game.
Its a great game but can you make it like the ios version in there version their character levels up and cheaper prices
Awesome game, you must have it!! great for kids too :-)
Awesome very fun
THE GAME IS FUN AND LIKE
Love it very unique
Keep the good work  Ilike it realy,awsome make more stickman cool games with violence
Very addicting, and the music is nice too!
Totality fun game very addictive
It iight
If you like this game, like I do I would get this. I also have cartoon Wars and Cartoon Defense. Best game ever. I would say your not living till you get thus app.
This game is super awesome
Best game ever played! Love it!
tonnes of fun, addicting and minimal ads 5* defo
Cool game! Doesn't force close like your other games like immortal dusk on my W8.
Just an awesome game
Amazing
Cool game
Good app
Wont play on my phone
Just waow
Very addicting... i like :-)
Great game. I'm addicted to it
Great easy fun blood blahhhh
Worx get 4me.
great game
HTC THUNDERBOLT
Played before in galaxy ace now HTC One v nice gameplay for timekilling activity
Played before in galaxy ace now HTC One v nice gameplay for timekilling activity
This game is cool. I love it. :-)
diggin it
Nice
Awsome
Its so cool but weapons are hard to get with gold
I love this game!!!!
Impossibru!
Items are a little expensive but still fun
Fun
Its a really good game but needs more wepons and i would really like if it would have body guards with ak-47 on the store to buy and it could also be playable with friends online.
Must play
I wish they would make better fast
Goooooooooooôood
Force closes a few times. Otherwise 5 stars
Force closes a few times. Otherwise 5 stars
Its a really nice game hey if you make cartoon wars 3 i am happy to rate 5 stars!
Addicting as ever very fun game
The best game ever
SSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOO FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUNNNNNNN
Great
Wow...nice!!! I give 5stars
Awesome game
This game has got nipples! So far the best game I have played on my Android. MUST DOWNLOAD
Love it :)
Love it :)
5 stars easy
So awesome, great game and even better since it is free
Crazy fun...
Needs better guns and equipment
love how you can move your guy
Is a cool game
Great game weapons could be cheaper
The best game I have ever play in my life if u guys read this make more games like this pleaase:-)
This game is fun
This game is fun
Awsomes game ever
Fun when there is nothing to do .
Best game I have ever played
Sweet
Simple, colorful. Cool music. Another great game from a solid dev. Runs flawlessly on Samsung Nexus.
Simple, colorful. Cool music. Another great game from a solid dev. Runs flawlessly on Samsung Nexus.
I love it. A masterpiece
I love this game but the controls suck. Fix the controls
Fun waves and grate weapons
But fix joystick
keep it up gamevil. the only thing better would be if we could send other people or ourselves gifts.
keep it up gamevil. the only thing better would be if we could send other people or ourselves gifts.
Up there with the high-graphics games. No need for the in-app purchases, I think.
So much fun!
#cool n fun#
Best free game EVER!!!
Best free game EVER!!!
Good
Wat a game so cool buy gold good deal
Ya have 2 down ld ths game
Its the one of d most awsom game on my phone it keeps me busy wen I'm bored
Its cool but I'm having trouble passing war 69
Its cool but I'm having trouble passing war 69
It beast
Fun to play
Fun awesome exciting
Fun awesome exciting
THIS game rockz!!!!!!!  I LOVE IT!!!!!
Great game. A bit challenging at high level
This game is great but I am stuck at level 90 and I am about to give up on this :(
This game is okay
Its a good game!!
Best game
Awesome game
Perfect way to have fun when you have only a few minutes of spare time
Awesome game but it could use beter weapons
gggg
gggg
This game is fun
It rocks
One of the best phone games I have played. Addicting as all hell. Would like an option to go to previous levels to earn more in game upgrade points but that's all
Only if they started with1,000,000 coins
Greeeeaaaat game
Really good
Fun  but a little hard to control
Its a cool game but kinda hard needs to be easier
I'm so happy to find this game. Thx
Epic, just epic XD
Very fun
Great game, although the controls are sometimes a bit stiff.
Great and fun little game, run smooth without any problems
Well this brought back the fun in phone games
Just down load the game. I just played tho a couple of lvl and the game seems like a blast.
Fun
Aswome app I love to use it when im on set
This app is really cool and gives me something to do when im bored. Totally Extremley Epic and worth the download.
This app is really cool and gives me something to do when im bored. Totally Extremley Epic and worth the download.
Perfect time waster.. Readjusting the gold for real money ratio would help in app purchase sales..
Good
Swagg
Even better
The best
It's pretty great, recommend this to those who like cartoon wars.
Great
Nice
Complicated
The best
AWSOME!!! Keep Coming With The Update
2Liveee!
This game is so cool I wish I was a stick figure I'll shoot at all my enemys
The best game ever i played it and nothing ever killed me.
Different than first but still fun...
Great game.
Awesom game
it wont work
Hello I love ur game so much
Great game!!
Good game
Addictive as hell.  Fun levels with a great variety of weapons.  This is a must have game.  Only downside is the "price" of upgraded weapons.  Takes a loooong time to accumulate enough gold for weaponry needed...
Addictive as hell.  Fun levels with a great variety of weapons.  This is a must have game.  Only downside is the "price" of upgraded weapons.  Takes a loooong time to accumulate enough gold for weaponry needed...
your game is awesome!
It is so amsome that i cam not stop playing it
Cool
Freakin asome
Freakin asome
Good fun
This game is fun so far. Once you get used to the controls
This game is fun so far. Once you get used to the controls
Best game ever
Best game ever
This game is fun
I like it
Cool
It needs internet connection and thanks for sd card
Great game
Fun game!
It is one of the best games that I ever play
Im ratinging it 5 stars so it will stop notifying me twlling me to do so
Great. Good graphics and gameplay.. It is very addictive game. Keep a good work.
This game is off the hook
Played it on 3 other phones and was good to pass time while on the Toilet. Won't play on ascend 2. Now thats some crap.
Played it on 3 other phones and was good to pass time while on the Toilet. Won't play on ascend 2. Now thats some crap.
cooooool
Soooo terribly freakin awsome!
Soooo terribly freakin awsome!
Cool
its cool
its cool
Best game
I love the first one so i gave this one a try and damm its slow and takes forever to gain uogrades
This is one of those games where you repeat a level by dying at the very end just to make more money. If you decide to just beat levels and not farm or grind the good luck on high levels. You get stuck because the enemies have way too much health and damage. The creators obviously did this to force players to spend real money on extra gold just to keep their pace. As a result I'm stuck at 90 something. I realized I wasted a lot of my time energy life and eye sight. I did not spend real money b.c no stupid
Awesome game
Awesome game
This is amazing
pretend to be hawkeye
Awesome
Its not a bad game at all. Will deffinetly keep the happens for a while.
Beast! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Too expensive :(
Good game
THIS IS the best android game ever.
The game is awesome. best game ever
Works greast fast and smouth
great game
great game
Fun game
It is so awesome
This game goes hard. Joystick makes controls ez to use
Amazing easy concept kill upgrade and just cool graphics
Excellent
It is the best game ever
The game is so awesome I couldn't stop playing :-)
Really fun game hope your making another cartoon wars!
Really fun game hope your making another cartoon wars!
Perfect! i am waiting cartoon wars II for Android!!!
Keep it up
Arrows to the face
it,s good just want an update fu@&c
Very funny And fun
Game is Cool
Addicting
Addicting
Wile I was plaing this game something pop out.
as good as cartoon wars
BEST GAME EVER
Neat game. Good Good Neat game. Good Good Neat game. Good Good Neat Neat game. Good Good Neat game. Good Good Neat game. Good Good Neat game. Good Good Neat Neat game. Good Good game. Good Good Neat game. Good Good . Good Good Neat game. Good Good
Good game but everything is overpriced
Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is beast so lagit
This is beast so lagit
Ill rate it when I feel like it stop reminding me
This game rocks!
But over priced
THIS IS A GREAT GAME
Beast game fun with dubstep
I luv it ;)  such a nice addictive game
Awesomeeeeeeeewa
Awesomeeeeeeeewa
love it
love it
Its pretty good but sometimes hard
This game is dope
My Thumbs love this Game. When im not playing my ps3 & on The Go. I play this Game ! <3
It  is  the  bomb   Yo
The turning sticks lag n  get stuck
I like this game
good
Easy controls and smooth gameplay; cool app.
Easy controls and smooth gameplay; cool app.
Easy controls and smooth gameplay; cool app.
Great
Great
Great
Awesome
This game is great I recommended. The only thing is that the guns are.to expensive other than that great game, can't stop playing it. :)
This game is cool :-)
This game is cool :-)
reminds me of call of duty
I have a Droid X2 and i like the game and all... One of my favorites, but every once and awhile my character will stop moving and just stand there as the game goes on... Please fix!
Good game
Fun
It is better and greater than cartoon wars sweet
It is better and greater than cartoon wars sweet
It is better and greater than cartoon wars sweet
Addictting!
Cool
Good
Good game
Good game
I love it
May cause drowsiness and insomnia from many hours of use.
i love it
awesome
very fun
Really fun. No complaints.
It's fun
Can't wait for 2
Good game but u cant move to sd (now u can) and when i tried to buy gold it took the money but i didnt get the gold
Never gets old and fell fresh and new  Like the cake  The cake is a lie!!!
Never gets old and fell fresh and new  Like the cake  The cake is a lie!!!
Really fun to playy XD
Really fun to playy XD
CARTOON WARS IS OSIM
Very awesome game
Jjjjjhvgbgtg
Keep up the good work. ALL 5  *s :)
A+
This is one of the best games i've played on my phone hands down!!!!
U toddy bf
Cool
I have a good way to fire  and it is starting with an arrow.but I just wish it had the same as the stick war guns and people
Good
Good
Simple, fun, addictive as he'll!
Messin boys up
No lag. Great gameplay. Awesome weapons. Challenging at high levels.
Go play this game right now
Good
Grate game love it
Over all amazing game :)
Goodgame but the game is realy hard
its like a unicorn just had sex with a rainbow. one word to describe that... EPIC
It's a kool game
It's excellent
its ok if borde
its ok if borde
Loads up to main menu but cant srart new game...
So I'm going to play it again, just for old times ^_^
A very fun and enjoyable game enough said.
I love this game
Good game
U should be able to make more than one guy
good
Awesome game. Fun to kill time and overall have lots of fun.
5Star
Those of you that rate this poorly, you just dont know how to play right.
Ohhhhhhhh
Enough said
Enough said
Cool game but upgrades a little over priced
Me gusta
A little different that the original but still good
this game is sick,especially because I hacked it and earned a lot of money!!! I got every thing in game upgraded haha good game. I will be putting how to hack cartoon wars gunner hacks on YouTube so start checking it out!! OK bye
Good
Enjoyable
Awesome!!!!!!!!!"!!!!"!!i got the cannon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is the bomb
Fun time killer
So good its bad
Best ever
Best game on android market (besides angry birds of course) .
So much fun.
It is an ok game
It is an ok game
Good game
This game is amazing!!! You guys really did a great job!
It is a very good game but I wish if it didn't need network to work because I can't play with it exept at home.
Great game
Awesome game
Awesome game
Best game in the hole world!!!!!!
Addictive andvery fun
This game rocks!!!
Great game. Fun and addicting
I love it. Very addctive. Sad part is, you have to ne online to play it, i hope theres a feature where you can just connect anytime you want, overall this is a very nice game. Peace!
Fun and free?  Yes!
PLZ KEEP THIS GAME ON
Great game
Best game ever.;-)
For those of you who enjoy pointless stick figure violence as much as i do, this is your game!
ok gan
This game is cool
This game is cool
Awesome!
Awesome
Grate game to pass the time
Man I been looking for this game for a long time my bro showed me this on his iphone(show off)
I
Great game but i hate it but its awesome but its awfull anyway i love it (hate it)
Awesome
Says good!
Says good!
I love this game is the best game ever
You should remake same game but the enimies would be zombies
You should remake same game but the enimies would be zombies
I'm already addicted xD I've only been playing for about ten minutes
Very good
Awesome sweet weaponry
THIS IS the best game I ever played
Love it
Awesome game!
This is the best game on the phone
The title says it all
Great games though things are kinda expensive
Works great and almost never force closes  I cant stop playing this game
It is so cool I'd say it is better then cartoon wars!
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Not good grafics but cooll
This game is so wonderful. Gimme no internet requirement and expansions and I would never close this game
Love the upgrades
Beat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Its so fun to play and its addicting 5 stars for sure keep up the good work
Great game!!!.... Would be 5 stars if weapons weren't So pricey
cool game
It is an amazingly fun game for free
It is an amazingly fun game for free
Love
It's epic
Me gusta mucho
Must try this
Amazing title. Got hooked instantly.
Awesome game!! lol
Good. Game
.... The constant need for a Internet connection to play is the only downside. Offline play would be a welcome addition.
Great game, love it. Keep it coming.
Freezes too much
Wow
a
a
a
Really fun
Very fun
I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice game
Kill those bitches
Cool game :-)
Cool game :-)
I know this might sound crazy but i got the droid 2 the one with the slide out keyboard and i think you guys should make it keyboard friendly.
I know this might sound crazy but i got the droid 2 the one with the slide out keyboard and i think you guys should make it keyboard friendly.
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot
Indeed
Indeed
great game!
great game!
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not bad pretty fun easy controls sure burns the time away
Awesome
More nice
More nice
I love this game... it just take up a lot of space... but its worth it
I love this game... it just take up a lot of space... but its worth it
Bomb
Its Epic and u know it
Great. Free. Fun. Neat looking. Idiot proof controls. Looks awesome on my tablet. Minimal ads. Really Superb job.
Cool as
Cool as
Cool as
Nice
Real fun game but can't put it on sd card. Takes too much space so uninstall :(
Shoot shoot kill
Shoot shoot kill
Great awesome game
Cool
Good game
Game evil all seeing eye!
Great game.
Great game.
Epic          Asome      ?       Radical
Epic          Asome      ?       Radical
Fun as can be.
Great game
This game is one of the best games I had played.
Awsssssssssssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmme Dude 7
They got some pretty cool games
Yes yes yes
Yes yes yes
Its fantanstic,!
I live this game! Both carton wars are bomb!
its so addictive
its so addictive
its so addictive
Its a great game
Good
Awesome RPG game you people must have!!!!:D
good
Awesome
It rocks
It rocks
This game is awesome
Really fun game and kool sound track
;)
Diffrent with cartoon games 1 its like u war agains many. 1 vs many :))
Really cool
Best game ever
Fkn awsom
Loven it
Great game thus far.
Awesome game and no obligation to spend money
so far im just loving it 24/7
Not bad
Killer game man
I wish i could play offline
:-) :-) :-)
"Awesome
Cool
this game is super cool
This is cool moving free game I've ever seen and it gives lots of stuff I have a staff yay lightning bolt hi ya :D this is a must have game once you play it you will love it forever yeah fight for the black and white !
Awsome
Awsome
Awsome
This game is steller
This game is steller
Needs to have Multiplayer
Game
Beast mode
Kool
Penis
Awesome game, I thought cartoon wars was the best till I played this. Action game, so its a little different, but they do both genres well! That's rare for a game developer. Wish I worked for them. FIVE stars!
Very addicting game.
Funnnnnnnnnnnnn
Fun
Fun
This is a great game to pass time with.
Very fun(:
Fun game.
Stick with the bow and  upgrade it to lvl 10 by lvl 20 or 30 you will be elite
Awesome!!!
Da games is beast. Really have no word but u should make it online like death match and do levels together
I  cnt wait for more  weapons! !!!
this is so good.. more better than zenonia hope get more new updates
this is so good.. more better than zenonia hope get more new updates
this is so good.. more better than zenonia hope get more new updates
Better than I expected.
Fun to play for a bit
Очень понравилась первая часть и эта
Awesome stick figure shooting game
Fun & addicting.
Best Game Ever
games ini seru sekali
So far so good
Awsome Awsome best game
Lots of fun
Good stuff
Best game i ever played.
Very fun
Coolest game in the world
Coolest game in the world
Cool
Cool
Definately worth the download!
Awesome game uber addictive!!! Love it. Only wish it wasnt so expensive to buy gold to upgrade other than that no complaints. Thanks for making an awesome game!!
This epic game is one of the best games I played! I realy like the action in the game.
Great game so fun and entertaining
Fun to play
Great n fun n super spectacular
Great n fun n super spectacular
Great n fun n super spectacular
Freaken awesome epic
I need to be able to move to the SD card to play this.
Very nice game
Very nice game
This is awesome
Pretty fun
I love the game but it's just the controls but overall I'm very pleased on how the gun made a big transition from a team based game to a action packed one man army game
Cool
Good for passing time
Awesome
Sweet game
This game has the best game play ever!
Its a great game after the first one. If you haven't played the original one you shouldn't play this one but its a good game
Excellent game!!!
This game goes in, love it!!
Love this game its awesome
Love this game its awesome
Love this game its awesome
Love the games
This is the best game ever ....... Just need the ninja guy
Just the lag of control but everything else is fine. Awesome game
I love the concept. Just a bit rough around the edges. Definitly a game i would prefer
Fun hahaha
Its pretty fun, but its like impossible to win without buying coin.
Amazing
Tight controls and fun gameplay but gets old quick.
Just plain AWESOME
Fun game, good controls. I like it.
Awesome game
Awesome
i first downloaded cartoon wars and when i saw their own ad for this game i decided to come check it out!!! the game is amazing great ge play n there is no lag on my n1... love it!!!
yes
Awesome game
Awesome game
there are lag, this is very cool game  all gamevil's game are great
there are lag, this is very cool game  all gamevil's game are great
This game rocks on the galaxy note
Love this game
I prefer the original, but killing is killing, and this game pulls it off flawlessly.
Recomed this game :D
Good game bro
Fun!
So cool just like the first one
So cool just like the first one
Need better tablet version
No move to SD = UNINSTALLED
I have no idea what to look forward to
So far so good.having good fun.
Great
Make more stuff
The controls r really easy and its really fun
Second machine to install on, love the game, kids love it to. Takes a while to get used to controls and to to control on small devices.
Nice..=P
This game smells like sh#t THAT GUY NOS HKE TO PARTY FALAFUL PARTY!!!!
great game
Good game. On level 102 ans cant beat it tho
Adam
Sweat game
Great game!
Great, Free game amazing time killer, controls take some time to get used too but after that its fun. No problems on the droid RAZR so far.
Great, Free game amazing time killer, controls take some time to get used too but after that its fun. No problems on the droid RAZR so far.
Awesome
Aesome Z
Its amazing but u shud make a bad side to the game like ur playing the bad guys
GOOD GAME
this game is awesome but it would be great if it could work with the xperia play that would be great
this game is awesome but it would be great if it could work with the xperia play that would be great
I have ally wich has a small screen and it works perfect
The best in the world
The best in the world
Ns game
Nice game but the first cartoon wars was more fun
Nice game but the first cartoon wars was more fun
I love it
Very  god
Best game ever :)
It's great
This game is cool
Just like the original and is really fun
Awesome
Awesome
Best game ever
Awsomely awsome
Awsomely awsome
SD card save option please
:)
Very epic game
Its as fun as the other cartoon wars.
Fun, like the last Cartoon Wars. It provides good entertainment.
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Goooooooooood
Not a sheep game
Worth getting
Worth getting
I cannot play this game offline on my nook color.
Great game. But i would make some changes. Not so great controls and its just a field to fight.
Thiz is a nice and interactive game  I like it
Excellent and very funny game! Great for boring moments!
Excellent and very funny game! Great for boring moments!
Excellent and very funny game! Great for boring moments!
This game is AWESOME.. U should definitly get this game
Best of the best
Best game. Same as the. 1one
alittle sluggishness ,but overall a good time   hope to see more from you guys
This game is perfect the controls r ify but other than that perfect
Good game
Good game for first timers
Best game i've ever download...please make a power like dragonball z please...!that'll be bad a$$
the best game
This is the best game ever I play it all day but the prices r too high
This is the best app i have played
Cool game really hard to get ninja though
This is a fun game! But can you add a back to previous battle button
Sweeeeeeeet!!!!!!
The game is really fun I loved playing it on my ipod
The game is really fun I loved playing it on my ipod
I kicked there butts on there
Love this game.  A bit challenging .
Coll
Coll
Sweet
good
Best game ever get it
Cool
Good but controls take a while to get used to...
Controls get in way
I wake up to this game ever day
I love this game, it's addicting and very fun.
So fun great time waster
This game is so cool
This is a great game. And even tho it is free they aren't shoving things down your throat and it isn't like other free games where at a certain point you can no longer progress without spending money. PLEASE make it to where I can store on SD so I don't lose my level 150+ when I get rid of this GARBAGE Motorola DROID2 (don't get me started)
Simply awsome. Must download!
Great game, but the controls are buggy (Atrix 4G).  Bad enough that I can't get passed a level.  Please fix the control issue for this fun little game!
I like it
The concept behind the game is great, even if the controls are a bit wonky.
This game is off the chain I love it
Really good just not into the controller , really fun . Other is way better .
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Update please excellent game
Awsome just awsome
Awsome just awsome
Fun and addictive
This game is awesome! Should make 2nd one
Just download the it looks great on my LG ESTEEM of Metro pcs keep doing the good job. :D
controls are a little confusing but game is awesome
Woooo cartoon wars is great !!
Woooo cartoon wars is great !!
Sweet game!!
Its so good lol
Good time passer....
This game blew my mind its awsome.This game is somthing I cant discbribe
Best game ever
Simple n fun to play
Bagussss
Awsome
Kill them all...
Best Game Ever!
Awesome !
Awesome!! But the controls are hard.
Really Awsome
Really Awsome
This game is awesome and addictive! Same with the other cartoon wars. I look forward to any more updates
Much better than original game but gold is earned much too slowly just as in the original
Best
What are you waiting for get it now it's extremely addicting.
What are you waiting for get it now it's extremely addicting.
What are you waiting for get it now it's extremely addicting.
Need more. Weapons
Awsome
Is good
Thank u soooooo much i love this game and smoothly run  More updates.
First try on lv4
Yeah!!!!!!
One on one closes thing to mass melee on the phone I'm using htc amaze
Great game
Best!
Fun
I love this games
Nuff said
Awesome games but should be available without network usage,still gives that annoying message when starting game	Plz do something abt it
Did not download
This is a good game and I like how they make the single man army and a game with an army
It's alright so far
It's alright so far
I wish there was a cartoon wars 2 for android market
This game is the bomb
This game is the bomb
The controls are easy to learn and get use to. Very fun game.
A  good  time  killer
Just read the title
Sweet
Well created
This game is a awesome time waster it has smooth gameplay minimal lag and best of all lots of upgrades for hours of gaming 5/5
Cool extreme
Cool extreme
Great game... Better controls is necessary... Just an overall update would be great... And graphics update as well ... But great game it always needs more info on the guns itself and.more info on the perks of each weapon... Because some of the perks i have no idea what they are and what they do...
Good
Love love love this game! The machines are easy to learn and its a fast paced.
Gg
Game is fun..First time playing it i enjoyed a lot while taking a poop lol but controls r hard cuz my screen is huge but i still gabe five stars
It is a pretty good game to kill time
I like this i hope u makes this game better
The title says it all!
But I would love to have Xperia Play support, and that'll make it worth my five stars.
Ha
Cool
I just started playing this game and I haven't had any problems with it so far. It is also a great game to kill time if you are bored
Best game on my phone!  Maybe make a version with zombies?
Awesome. Way better than I thought it would be
Hey yall need to make another game like this!!!!!
One of the best games EVER!
It needs temprary upgrade pick ups and the same with guns after reaching a certain gold limit.
Another awesome game...
Great game
It keeps u hooked for hours
Way fun game. Keep it up can't wait to play the future games made by you guys.
Way fun game. Keep it up can't wait to play the future games made by you guys.
This game is awesome just wish I could put it on my sd card and the controls were more accurate
So cool.
No problems yet. Fun game.
Awesome
Need more gold the game don't give some
:-)   :-)
:-)   :-)
Good simple games i like it
Awsome game.
Its a pretty basic concept for a game, but the upgrades keep it pretty fun. I would say it was worth the download
Cool
Really cool
Awsome
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool
This is a great game
I like it
Likewise the isbeast but the controllers don't work but still awsome
Likewise the isbeast but the controllers don't work but still awsome
Likewise the isbeast but the controllers don't work but still awsome
Control needs improvement
Fan
Really fun and challenging.  I'm so far in the game and I STILL like to use the bow!!!
The original was good but now we get to run around and actually control the person!
This game rock!
Update the movement system
I love this game i would say its better than the other cartoon wars game
Crazy stuff!
Crazy stuff!
Crazy stuff!
Crazy stuff!
Awesome game reached 150 level.still playing..
Loved cartoon wars this one looks awesome too
Even if i take an arrow to the knee I'll keep on playing
Fu
Fu
Great :)
Easy to play and great time waster
Freakin awesome!
I'm doing this review cuz I was told to :p
I'm doing this review cuz I was told to :p
I love it
Good game
Game
Nice
Nice
Cool game
Cool
:D
These games r awesome!!!
Game is great but the touch controls are quite glitchy
good game
Better controls
Fun game could use minor work on control. Easy to play
I like this game.♥♥♥
very tough game. I m at level 40
Its fun
awesome and dumb
Pro
I like this game.. but why do we need wifi to run this game?
I like this game.. but why do we need wifi to run this game?
Flawless action RPG
Very best game ever
Awesome way to kill time
Great
Game
I love to play this game when I'm really bored it entertains me
This is an awesome game but u could add a storyline which would've made it better. U guys should made a new one like this and the other cartoon wars game but the main theme be ninjas with different types of ninja and u can choose between ninja and the enemy. More variety basically lol
This is an awesome game but u could add a storyline which would've made it better. U guys should made a new one like this and the other cartoon wars game but the main theme be ninjas with different types of ninja and u can choose between ninja and the enemy. More variety basically lol
I have never been addicted to a better game keep making more!
Awesome
Great game hours of mindless fun
Great game hours of mindless fun
Good gMe
Good game
i've gotten new phones but keep downloading this game over and over again. love this game so much! please bring guardians to android market!
Best game
Best game
Great FREE game, no bs
this is the best game ever
Looks fun
Graphics look ok on tablet too
I recommend it, its pretty cool
just grand
Just better than mw3
Good
Good
Interactive fighting was a great improvment from CTW 1
Fun game. Very addictive.
Awesome game ever!! ;)
I would have teams    grafits
I would have teams    grafits
addictive a great way to pass time in an airport
Best game ever
Best game for a phone
Best game for a phone
Awesome
Awesome
This will get you thru those long waiting periods and its fun and easy to play!!!
Keep the ideas coming! Awsome game
This is somehow better than the original cartoon wars!!!
Very nice its ok to me
Very nice its ok to me
Very nice its ok to me
I need to figure out how to beat the game like a boss but anyway its a realy nice game :)
Updates Updates Updates. Please Please Please. Game is awesome and I've only had it for about 10 minutes.
Great
Heap of fun +++++
Beyond good but u need lots of money to upgrade weapons.
Wicccccccccked
It's good
It's good
love it
Super se jeu et un tres bon passe temps
Really fun.
Well done game
Well done game
Best game in the company "GAMEVILLE CO."
good game
Great addictive game gets pretty hard around 32
But please make it where you can use keyboard on Sony Ericsson controls are so akward
Best game ever good job guys
Epic :)
Love it
Its better than the last one now i dont get bored
Like the game play so far, the controls could be tighter though
Good game.
This is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Play it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!C: it's free
Its a awsome game... a little hard to move and shoot but its still fun
Amazing game, if you've got some cash to spare on buying extra Gold.
Nice
Good game
This is cool
Best game
addictive!
Good for passing time or when bored i recommend
Cool game !
I just can't stop playing this
great game, a must have for anyone
I may change rating once I find the evil in this game. If I find it.
Love this game
Hell of a good game
Simple and interesting
This game is freakin amazing!!! So much fun. And very entertaning!!! FIVE stars for me!
Awsome
Kick VSS GAME
I love this game its freaken epic lol its great fun well later guys keep up the good job
Best game
Best stickman game yet but why can't it be like the one off of the ipod touch and Iphone
AWESOME!
Good  game
Fun
Fun
Awesome game
Pretty fun game
Jj;  It just need to get the controls fixed
wavey
Gd game
Hard when you hit level 19. Needs to be more Wepons like those gloves that have claws or a big hammer. Great game though.
Game is amazing on EVO design!!!! 5 STARS!!!!
Game is amazing on EVO design!!!! 5 STARS!!!!
Career
Takes forev to download
AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!
they are awsome games worth the dounload
Awesome game to play when ur bored!
This game is full,fun,and free!  P.S. if you dont want it to crash turn off wi-fi
I loooove iiiit
I see why peepz like it
This is one of THE BEST games i have ever played!But for some reason peaple are complaining about the controls? I think the controls are great
Its a really good app
You make the best games iv seen so far I love them there even better than temple run the only thing I would like to see is some of these games like zenonia 4 or the cartoon wars avaliable offline so we can play them without being connected to the internet :-)
Awsome Story and Gameplay
Great game
game will not open anymore. was a 5 star game but now is 1 or 0 till the issue is fixed
game will not open anymore. was a 5 star game but now is 1 or 0 till the issue is fixed
Fun need a better way to get money
Fun need a better way to get money
Has evolved
Has evolved
Great and addicting!
So beasT
This game is EPICCCC
Cool game
Great game
I  think its an awesome game
Awsome
So bad
It is a kick butt game. It rocks.
Awsome game :D
It good
Nice awesome game keep it up guys
This is by far the best game I have ever played on a cellular phone
So fun
Great game
Great game
Really good
I already have the other cartoon wars now I have this one THESE ARE AWESOME keep on making them
Its fun
Its fun
I love this game so much on the first level I loved it
Addicting. It will entertain for hours on end.
Fantastic
Very cool game to have when attempting to make the time fly by! Download and enjoy
Yes
Seems like an awsome game Just i can't get it to install on my htc desire s
This game is beasty
Nice
it is cool
Please make that we can use keyboard for controling the game, or please make the character controler flexible, so we can put our finger anywhere. 5 star if you do that
I love this game it's. Great for being free
Guns
This is so fun!!
Cool
Awsome
Such an improvement by adding free movement
Best game on market
Works pretty well on the lg optimus v . This game has bout 100 levls of epicness!
Good game to occupy time.  Dont understand why there isnt an auto fire.  Touch screen gets confused at times
I wood play ths 24/7  it is so cool it makes me :-) :-D
I wood play ths 24/7  it is so cool it makes me :-) :-D
Awesome
Good game
I liked it when you could go back and replay stages you've already completed, because, not only was it more fun, it made it easier and better and would have the player spend more time on it. If you can make it so that it is that way again, that'd be great.
Awsome!!
Good game, rated b/c kept popping up to rate
Good game, rated b/c kept popping up to rate
Love it
Love it
Fun and addicting
Awesome game for free, simple but great.
A+
This game is freaking awesome!!!!!!!
K buen juego carnal ta chido
Upgrades for over 10 weapons, stat upgrades for almost every aspect you could imagine, all earned in a wave-based format. Graphics are simple, and hit boxes are miserably tiny, but those are the only cons. Did have control issues on my old atrix 4g, but controls are flawless on my galaxy nexus.
Upgrades for over 10 weapons, stat upgrades for almost every aspect you could imagine, all earned in a wave-based format. Graphics are simple, and hit boxes are miserably tiny, but those are the only cons. Did have control issues on my old atrix 4g, but controls are flawless on my galaxy nexus.
Great attributes and weapons.
Simple but addictive can't stop
Its very cool.
Its very cool.
Awesome
Fun game...perfect time killer :)
I love this game its fun an awesome
Keep your fingerz busy
This is better than Cartoon Wars™
Smooth,easy,and fun gameplay just as good as cartoon wars
Amazing game!! Addictive! Challenging! Fun! And Entertaining!! I place this game at least once every day!!
This game is good!
When are you gonna make Cartoon Wars 2 for Android Please :-).
When are you gonna make Cartoon Wars 2 for Android Please :-).
The best game i plaied and i got  the controls down...
Enjoy the gameplay
Awesome game wish the weapons cost less though
Awesome game wish the weapons cost less though
This is a win for me not for u lalala ull nvr get this
Good game but controls could b better
oUo
Its difficult than the first one
Excellent game you wonderful *******! :D
Excellent game you wonderful *******! :D
Great game fun as ever
Game Ever
Cool game
Get it its a good time killer
Its addicting.
Cool~~~~
Needs option to move to SD card. Besides that good. I'll give five stars when that option is fixed.
WARNING! highly addictive
WARNING! highly addictive
WARNING! highly addictive
This game is the best game I've ever played I just wish it was easier to get gold because I'd only gotten 3 guns and it gets harder
Everything about this game rocks!!!!!
Exelent game
It's. so cooll
Awesome game!! Lol:^)
Awesome game!! Lol:^)
Good game
its very exciting game
Buen Juego
Sweet game, really fun
owned like boss ...
Has cool graphects and goes really fast
I MEAN IT'S AWESOME!!!!!!
Very time killing
U guys make great games keep em coming
U guys make great games keep em coming
Nice game!!!
It is the hardest and funest game ever
maybe i can play the game in peace now. pop up to rate  was killing me
Although very entretaining, there's much work needed as far as controls go. Uninstalled.
Although very entretaining, there's much work needed as far as controls go. Uninstalled.
Love cartoon wars and gunner+. Keep em coming guys.
Cool
Love this game. So adicting and fun at the same time.
The best game for android
The best game for android
Cool
This is a great game to play when your trying to pass time and is some what addictive
This is the best game I played before I can't wait for the next update
Fun game, seems to have plenty of support and playability.
Is. A good. Game
Very good
Cool
*****
Fantastic! Another great game from gamevil!
nver played but u know
Love this game!!
Oh Yeah!!!
This game is really cool:P
its really fun and good....!
The best game on the phone
Good
Kool
Kool
This game is awesome!!!!!!
This game is awesome!!!!!!
Nice game
Nice game
Nice game
The thing i said up there
cool
Game is awsome
The best game I ever played. Not to say but it should start out with 2,000 coins. Only in my opinion.
Sucky controls can make or break a game so im uninstalling
Awesome
Very addictive
Very addictive
Cartoon wars sweet
Cool
Wish there was an esier way to earn gold
It  was asome
I love this game
A lovely and exciting game with lots of action
Dope
Dope
I like dis
Awesome
amazing game.
Boss game
Bestest game ever after gta 3 on android great job gamevil
Bestest game ever after gta 3 on android great job gamevil
Sick game best one.
The repetitive gameplay makes itself rewarding with a large list of upgrades and weapons to purchase. Sadly, its far to often that the finnicky touch controls just don't function correctly
This game is addicting and will always keep u on your toes!!!
This game is addicting and will always keep u on your toes!!!
Can you replay the level)s again once u beat them again
So awesome
Best to kill time
This is so awesome, keep up the good work gamevil!
Cool game
best game
The controls stop working constantly on my accer tablet u should fix this cuz I won't spend money on coin till the controls are constantly smooth but good game and will give it a 5 star then
Def
This game is good but its hard getting cash.I wonder when they r going 2 put Cartoon wars 2!
Awesome
Sick game no prob pouring money into This
Good game.
Very fun addicting game. No lag or glitches.
Only thing I would change is the music ... maybe some DnB
It one cool game. I love the different stages it get harder as you go and the weapons are official. I seen the new version and I'm going to get that one too.
Best game ever
Best game ever
Awesome more levels
Sweet
Sweet
Amazing
Really fun and addicting
Awesome
Love it best stick man game I ever played
Love it best stick man game I ever played
Giod
I love it
Cool
Great game lotas weapons and upgrades
Great game lotas weapons and upgrades
I love this game...
I love this game...
I love this game...
Bionic
Super awesome
i like it a lot it offers more diversity than the first
It would be great if I save the game into the SD card as the file is large.  I had to unistall other games to make room.
I ADORE this game its just one problem it's glitched up real bad on tje nextbook premium 7.
tbreezy
This game would be better if it were xperia play optimized. And it would be great if I could move it onto my sd card. It's totally taking up alot of my phone memory. And it won't let my play without a network connection. Please fix this for both cartoon wars
Love it, can't get enough!!!!
Its sooo fun
Nyce game...
Good f,in game
Nice stuff
Amazing game
Amazing game
Like
Fing            Game
Very. Cool. Period.
I love this game! So much RANGE
awesome :)
Best app ever!
love this game
Fun fun
Im addicted that's all I have to say
Way betta then fronline commando
Way betta then fronline commando
love it
I love this game.
Great game.
I have cartoon wars and gunner in 3d
I have cartoon wars and gunner in 3d
Good game
luv this game..it's fun! awesome.
Game is a blast
This game is awesome. All of gamevil games are great.
Stickman it cute
I can play this game all day long it is the best:)
NICE
Awesome This game is so awesome but not 5 stars because of the network error I cant play outside of my house my phone is samsung galaxy S and I have no 3G I thought the network error was fixed and I tried uninstalling and reinstalling... This game was good on the ipod/iphone I had :(
Great
Great
Cool
this game is mad awsome everyone needs to get it
Best game ever
great
They may be stick figures but they will rock ur world
They may be stick figures but they will rock ur world
They may be stick figures but they will rock ur world
They may be stick figures but they will rock ur world
and the dirt is gone
One of my favorite games in the Play Store. Perfection.
One of my favorite games in the Play Store. Perfection.
But can't be moved to memory card
cool game
Still think the other cartoon wars game is more fun, but this game is still done very well. No crashes or stalls/lag
gr8
Good game
This game is so cool the only bad thing about is how hard it is to get  money
Always keeps me entertained
Always keeps me entertained
Keep em coming
Fun an a real time burner!!! Yes what ive alwaya wanted.
One of my personal favorites.
Love this game
Love this game works amazing on my maxx
Pretty cool
grate
'Nuff said.
Thanks
Sweeeeeeeeeet
Nice game
Awesome game
This game is awesome :DD
Sweet game!!!!!
It's straight so far only played 2 levels. Works good so far in Droid incredible 2
Nice game.
"The best game ever! If your a gamer you should play this game!"
Its a great ga
Its a great ga
Very fun
Best game ever
Best game ever!!! Just wish it had more levels
Very fun to play!
Played a few levels and thoroughly enjoy.
This hot yo
Easy to play & fun
Easy to play & fun
Fun game
Good
Keeps me busy
Yep
THIS GAME IS AWESOMER THAN FRUIT NINJA!!!!!
nice game... my son love it!!!!
Good
Perfect game
This game is so addicting!!
Best game
Best game
pretty sweet
pretty sweet
Best in the world
Fun game, controls Are a bit difficult to master
Hard but fun. Lower the costs
Encore encore!!!!
Good no lags and entertaining
Good no lags and entertaining
Great
The best game
The best game
The best game
Like it
Like it
Like it
thanks
Jacob
Some times the controls freeze up please fix that.
Some times the controls freeze up please fix that.
So fun, so addicting
So fun, so addicting
Fun and addictive Hard to decide if this is better or the regular cartoon wars
Best of it kind could u better controls though
Awesome game!!  I never loose interest
well good
Great fun
Great fun
I like
Great game
Great game
Great game
Jus try it
Cool
The best game on phones I love it
Kool game
Good game
Good but the controls are f up
Sick
Its been fun so far
Great game
Great app
Epicly Awesome Amazing
Fun game
Muy buen juego:-P dinamico y facil...mas levelll
You should have cartoon wars 2 my friend has it and its awesome and i love this game lvl 115 on cartoon wars
I wish there was a way to get more coins
This is a great game highly recommended. If u like these type of games definitely get it if not ur missing out. Graphics and controls are really good.
Grate game!
Fun to pass the time by shooting people in da face lol
Fun to pass the time by shooting people in da face lol
Awesome
Awesome
Best game ever
Love This Game!!!!
Good
Add more guns and more harder levels and a boss and robots also a team mate
This game is just truly amazing. I like the non-lag server and the quality is good for a free. My rating is all five if like u will. Lolz have fun with this game everyone
I forgot why I uninstalled this and I regret it
Controls take some getting used too but awsome game
