I love playing this game, but it does not work on my LG Ally! It won't even load and makes all my other apps not work either! Would give it 0 stars if I could! Deleted!
Was a good game except for having to have coins to play. But for two days now I can't even get the game to open at all.
Tglhe game is good but can not give a high rating because the game constantly freezes!  Galaxy S
Everytime i play this game it freezes my whole phone,was fine when i first started playing and i loved it but am now going to have to uninstall or ill  end up throwing my phone ! Frustrating !
The game is fun but it is constantly downloading movie trailers.  It typically uses 300mb of ram  even when not being used,  making it difficult to run other apps.
Lousy app
Tooooo many bugs and glitches. Slows down my entire tablet....uninstall
Always froze and made my phone restart
Upgrade stinks!!! Unable to appropriately place tiles, screen is too small and will not rotate for larger view. Goodbye to a once good game.
Such a shame..i downloaded this months ago, deleted it because it lagged horrendously and re-installed earlier today and this STILL has the same issue..guess i won't be playing this anymore..motorola triumph
I have to keep deleting this App, cuz when ur not playing, 60 mb keep running, taking up the space on my phone, slowing it down. I have saved on SD card, but still runs on phone itself, freezing my phone.
Game concept is fun but it keeps crashing n freezing n causing my phone to crash n freeze even when not in play :(. Had to uninstall... Now phone back to normal
This game is totally racist who thought of this shite
I wish I could give negative stars. They have enough ads the coins should be free.
Sucks. uninstalled.
Truly excellent game, great fun. My only gripe with it is it tends to freeze mid-way through games which can be frustrating. Please fix for 5 stars.  *UPDATE* Freezes virtually every time I play forcing me to restart rounds. Becoming unplayable! Please fix! I really don't want to uninstall as I really enjoy this game.  Fix for 5 Stars.  Still no fix.   UNINSTALLED.
the game is very slow sometimes dosnt load and crashes my phone so i have to take battery out to reset . i love the game but can't play any more as driving me around the bend. let me know when you make it comparable with galaxy ace
I liked this game before so   I reinstalled it.Guess what?didnt start up 3 times in a row!uninstalled :(
I'll see if it works now, or if Zynga continued its progressive screw up of games that once worked. I originally gave this game a 5 star rating. I'm hoping they have rolled it back to when it worked.  Update : removed it again. It caused the phone to crash and required phone resets even when it wasn't running  just like before.  I wish Zynga would learn that if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
I love this game but it never works well on my phone! It freezes up and causes my phone to power off
You have fun, its addictive... Than you have to wait 4 minutes to play unless you have TOKENS that you payed for to play ASAP! Lame penny pinchers...
Not enough to write home...
Force closed first time I tried to use it.
phone freezes and crashes every time.
Always hangs
lags and causes my android to freeze. love the game but will have to uninstall if the problem is not fixed
Wouldn't let me play got to the screen where you hit play I would hit play and it would take me to the previous screen they can suck it this is worthless!
I do not like being forced to buy tokens to play :(
Because I can't play this game
I use to love this game then all of a sudden it wouldn't open past the first screen.  I tried reloading it several times.  Never Worked again.
The coin limit for the free game I get, but even if you buy the game you're still limited!..Complete and total runbish! The popularity of this game is unfortunate since it only encourages this horrendous manipulation of people looking for a bit of fun...In a word, BOOOOO!
Fun game, my phone gets jacked up when install it though.
Screwing up my phone! So annoyed cuz I like scrambling
doesn't give me notification to make move, then auto resigns me. uninstalled!
Need more tokens to play
NO GOOD MAKE MY PHONE PERFORM BADLY HAVE TO UNINSTALL. TO BAD. BECAUSE I LIKE THE GAME.
Love the game, but limiting the number of times I can play through the coins is extremely frustrating and kind of a rip off, especially considering that the only way to get more coins (other than just waiting) is to buy them. Maybe you could come up with another way for players to earn coins, without needing a credit card.
Recently they removed the pics of people you were playing... Now, it's just scrambles assigned emails shown.
After update it keeps foreclising. Finish a game, asked to restart then foreclosed. Other than that it ok. 1 star. Fix it and v you will get 5
Game freezes and causes major delays.  Please fix. I used to enjoy playing my friends.
Freezes my phone up after installing. Has to uninstall before my phone would work properly
When the app was downloaded it added a wallpaper to my phone an I don't like that. Uninstall!!!!!
the game is great if you can get it on but I'm getting continuous abs at least 20 ads before u can play a game
Intrusive adverts that pop up while you are scrolling down to view your challengers
Made my phone slow and froze every time I used it. This.game is a piece of... junk.
Great game. Changed my rating after @1 week due to my phone/tablet constantly freezing since installation. Also I see the clock winding down many times but I am frozen and cannot play.
made my phone slow down to almost unusable. shame really. as loved all zynga games on iphone.
Terrible. Worst lagging game pin google play
At first it was fun but after a.few months it gets boring just to look for words in a given time. Now i think many games are way better people u should make it fun like every 2 week once make something new
It's fun, BUT this has to be the first game I ever played that makes my phone freezes like crazy!!
In the middle of one of my rounds.  While I was playing.  Screwed me up.  Just for that it loses 3 stars.  Otherwise it'd been a 4 star review.
This game is GARBAGE!  Been waiting for a long time for an update so this game wouldnt screw my phone.  Got the update and no improvement.  I hope this game and its creators get herpes... Droid X2
Lousy design. Shuts droid down every time I play. Not worth the frustration
Can't connect to Facebook, which means i can't get past the 1st screen. Update.
Slowed my phone done as soon as I opened it... worked halfway o.k the 1st 2 times I installed and uninstalled it.... PLEEEASE FIX this
Stop begging me to rate it
LAG LAG LAG LAG FREEZES UP MY PHONE!!! P.O.S!!!! SAMSUNG INFUSE 4G
Please fix! I love this game, but now it force closes from the login page. I miss playing it! Huawei Ascend II
It's a great game but it locks up everyone's phone including my own. I was hoping the update yesterday would fix it... no suck luck. I uninstalled it again.
Constant freezing and takes up a ridiculous amount if memory
Keeps forces closing
Fun game, but ruins my phone
Fun game but continually freezes phone have to hard boot...uninstalling.
Every time I play this game my phone lags and freezes and my phone shuts off. This is the ONLY app I have problems with. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app more than once and the same problems every time!!!
Super slow now
this game don't let me downloadthe game !
Is anyone else having issues with seeing comments? I can see the notification that there are comments but I can't see any comments there...? Maybe I missed something. Any suggestions?
Ever since I upgraded, it force closes after everyround. Completely destroyed the game for me
Hard to enjoy when it crashes and resets my phone after each person I play looking for replacement game
Great game, but not for Droids...continously locked up my phone to where I had to take my battery out to reset everything...i had to uninstall until the bugs get worked out
I DID give it 3 stars until I was asked AGAIN to rate.
Wants to access my phone history. Why would a game need to access my phone numbers, etc. for any legitimate purpose. No thanks.
Love this game. But keeps crashing. It sends in a crash report, but when it crashes, I lose all sounds on my razr. Everything except the ring on an incoming call. All apps disabled! I have to reboot my phone to get my sound back. WTF? No other app does that! Very frustrating! Plz fix.
On my phone the game seems to consume increasing amounts of memory while staying in background. Only way to get rid of the background service that I've found so far seems to be to force close it. The background service is active even if I disable notifications in-game. It's otherwise a good game but this problem is a complete deal breaker. Until it's fixed I'll rate 1.
Takes too much power and memory...actually bogs down my phone as a whole....but still a fun game
Token hog.  5 tokens a game???!!  Really!!
Fed up with the lag and force closes mid game. Wrecks my scores, so whats the point of playing? Uninstalling- Samsung Vibrant
It's a huge resource hog. This one takes up as much as 80MB while running in the background. Freezes, loses sound, most exciting part is killing the process and starting it over.  Maybe they'll eventually fix it, but I won't hold my breath.  Installed on both Galaxy S I and II with the same problems.
installed on LG Esteem, had to uninstall next day. RAM hog, froze other apps offer made them useless and sluggish. after uninstall and reboot, phone back to normal
love the game but it broke 3 of my Motorola Droid x2 phones!!!
I get notification by vibration. But no sound for notifications. Please fix. DROIDX
Glitches out and crashes. Not a well balanced game, anyway.
I never got to play froze at login each time I tried to play. Uninstalled!!
Why are the ads repeating over and over again?? That sucks big time!
Forever loading, it lags, freezes, and forcecloses. Had to un install. Very dissapointed. All the Zynga games suddenly started doing this.
Why this game asking for my password in email. So weird.
Can't get app to run on my OG Droid. Error comes up when trying to link with Facebook.
After uninstalling and reinstalling several times, nothing has been fixed. Game still stalls after second consecutive game. Alphabets become unresponsive to tapping but the time continues ticking. Had to reboot phone three times a day as the game affects proper function of the phone. My third review remains as ONE star.
Never got to play at all  Force closing and stalling my phone. My screen turns black for a very very long time. I'm sad!
It causes my phone to freeze up every time i open the app. Really enjoy the app but considering uninstalling due to issues.
It's bloat ware through and through. If you don't have a dual core phone, don't bother. Allows down and crashes your phone every so often
Downloaded this game to both my devices and like clockwork both completely stopped being able to get passed their intro screen. I'm warning everyone! BecAuse that being said, this game is the bomb
Wont let me log in. wont let me play, and keeps foreclosing..... Please fix, I like this game.
Freezes my whole phone. :P if fixed, then I'll download again..
I constantly have to uninstall and reinstall because it glitches and the letters don't light up when I make words... Still happening
Love the game, but uninstalled it after it started loading video ads, with sound, and a mandatory period where they can't be skipped. Completely unacceptable.
Love this.. The more I play the better I get...
it just force cloces do not download if u have galaxy ace.....
HTC EVO 4G- Opens to a blank green background and goes no further have to continuously press my back button to exit game :(:(:( plz fix
It kept showing down my Samsung Galaxy tablet after I played 3 consecutive games! So slow, that I would have to turn off my tablet for awhile! So I'm not sure if either this game is best for Android users, or it was full of virus'! Either way, I would not download this game, besides, since the Google play store is owned by Google,a free company that allows anyone to put out games to play, a lot of them have virus' in them.
How about it being FREE to play and extra coins ONLY when u use the extra power ups? Why coins just to play, anyway?
So slow and bugged. Have to shut out down each time I play it.
Force close is driving me crazy.
It was too slow.
I love this game but it wont let me log in...
Love it.
I love playing the game but it is extremely slow on my phone and is constantly making it freeze to the point that I have to restart my phone. Its very annoying and frustrating. I ended up deleted it
Constantly have to force close and freezes my phone
This game is still fun, but since update lags real bad.  At least on my Casio commando.  Boo!!!   Update- the latest update officially killed this app for my phone.  Super-lag and constant force closes...uninstalled !    So sad...
This game is good but it continues to freeze my phone. Since I downloaded it, my samsung galaxy phone also shuts off on its own too. Please fix this asap!
Was a great game. Now includes video ads which play between rounds and which attempt to force you to watch them. They actually have the gall to try to PREVENT you from exiting the program until you've let the ad play fully.  Avoid at all costs until this is corrected
Fun but turns my phone off alot and randomly exits the game.
Game keeps freezing and losing ally words/points. Really annoying and unfair!!
I love this game because it makes u really scramble for those words,but i wish that for every game you won u would get a couple of coins,cant do much till u run out of coins then wait 20 min to get a coin...that sucks! And i agree with the other players,u should be able to take players off or nudge them quiker wen they havent played for a while...other than that its a really fun game...
Quality game!!
It would be better if players took turns simultaneously. Or if there was a one player version.
This game force closes and freezes too often.  Fix it!  I have to remove the battery from my phone in order to reset it.
I love it its an awesome game. But it froze on me only once and restarted my phone
This game is fun but letters freeze too often!
It stinks that you can't play without purchasing tokens. Ridiculous
I love the game but need coins to play....Im not buying them!!!! Takes 20 min to get more!!? How about u just scrap that or add something that will allow you to earn more by getting a certain score or a certain number of words besides that I like it just takes forever to get coins to play
Take the coin gimmick away. It takes to long to keep a few games going.
The game was realllllly fun but slowed my phone down masivly. I thought my phone was broken until I uninstaled and my phone was fine.
It kinda ticks me off that when I'm trying to put in a word it doesn't recognize the word or it freezes up when I'm putting in a word, but the clock is still ticking.
It constantly causes my phone to freeze, causing me to do a battery pull after each time I play. Not worth it. I resigned my games and am now deleting the AP.  Motorola electrify.
can scramble stop pausing my game?sometimes i played,it would stop.please fix thank you.
can't see the image of the player.n frequently crash.
It only lets you play so many games and then it stops you from playing.
Keeps freezing when using power ups
Very slow...
I love this game its my favorite out of all , but now it won't renew my coin at all ....did they change this ?  It keeps saying buy coin its been two day and no new coins .. I won't be playing or buy any coins if they changed this !!!! ( So mad )
Lately, it won't light up on words that are right and its lagging a lot. It's annoying.
I can only play a couple of times at once because of the coins it takes forever to play all my freinds and I'm not spending real money on it.
Almost every time I played, my phone would then no longer have sound -- no ringtone, no notification sounds, was "unable to play" mp3s until a reboot.  Had to uninstall to keep my phone functional...
The game keeps freezing up. It force closes alot, and the worst part of it is, you have to wait for coins. Your max coins you can have is like 14, so lame. The winner should win some coins or so to make it more fun. Until all of the bs is fix, I rate this 2 stars, sorry.
Ugh..i was absolutely addicted to this game..until updates began making my game freeze and now im always having to reboot my phone..what an upset =(
It's fun but almost every time I pick a letter, it goes away and instead of spelling;  spelling, i make pelling and I waist several seconds trying to figure out what happened out of frustration!! Also, I KNOW I have spelt some words but I didn't get ANY credit for them. Please fix!!
It has to much problems
This app causes my phone to freak out! It shuts off randomly, freezes, and just doesn't work right!  I hope you can fix the program because this is my favorite app!
The advertisements are starting to annoy me
Makes my text stop coming through
Love it..!
If I play a few games in a row, the game freezes up. Even after reinstalling it still does. Love the game, hate the freezing.
Game not built for phone with RAM lower than 1GB. Causes lag/hangtime/freeze after playing 2-3 matches. Also caused a hardware error on my phone's speaker, and thanks to that my speaker is left permanently damaged. Tsk.
App keep crashing everytime I try to play a new game
Love the game don't agree with lack coins and so much to buy. Feel robbed if I buy them but enjoy when can play..
Great game
Not. Allowing. More than 9 ongoing games all of a sudden. Sucks!
Plz plz plz fix!!!! You said after the update we would b able to resign!! The effin nudge button just appears every time!!! Nd now it seems to be lagging ugh I love this game plz fix it!!! I have games over a week old that I can't resign ugh I mean just like words with friends it resigns itself I mean at least do that!!! Nd plz fix the lagging its not fair that I Swype a word nd it stalls but yet the time keeps going!! You guys r getting worse instead of better ..i'm taking stars away plz fix
My only complaint is that the game will not allow you to play if all your tokens are used up! You should be able to play without tokens if you so choose.
This app keeps lagging and freezing my phone. The number of ppl who have mentioned this is quite significant. I uninstalled it which is a shame as it was fun.
it always froze on my phone.I always have to turn my phone off.
When is this going to be fixed it seems as if it would've been taken care of by now
game used to work properly but now its very slow, makes phone freeze, makes phone turn off, can only just play two games before problems. used to be four stars now two at most.
This should be a feature. Hate that Zynga removed it.
Had to uninstall AGAIN... love the game BUT freezes my system :(
Good game but Crashes too often. Screen freezes & I lost all my points & have to start game again at 1.18sec
Can never find anyone on.
LOVE THE GAME BUT IT KEEPS CRASHING AND RESTARTING ON ITS OWN....I SEE ALOT OF COMMENTS WITH THE SAME COMPLAINTS...PLEASE FIX OR WILL DELETE
I was about to buy the game and then I discovered it costs a coin to play each round and when you run out you have to buy more coins or wait for a free one to appear which is apparently one every twenty minutes. The game can be paused so cheating is rampant (why not have a countdown to play simultaneously?) I am not going to buy a game that artificially limits my ability to play it. Next.
Game routinely causes my Android 2X to freeze. If I try to play the game, sometimes the timer will continue to count down, but the game is unresponsive. When I uninstall the game, my phone works great. Please fix this bug!
Game is good but very slow at times. Or tht could also b because m using samsung galaxy ace.
Shouldnt have to wait 20 minutes for a coin
I restarted my game more than 10 times and it keeps hanging midway through the game. Very frustrating. Can someone resolve this?
Fun game except for the lame tokens and it is a bit buggy. Ever since installing the app my phone had run slower and has to reload all my apps after hitting my home button. Much like it does when I turn of my phone and turn it back on. I am contemplating removing the app for this reason. Which sucks because it is a fun game.
I love this game but the app needs work. it crashes all the time, freezes and is a battery killer.
Can u please fix it.....
Phone freezes.  But it's so funnnnnnn
This game is kind of fun, but it takes quite a while to get the hang of. You can also only play 3 rounds with all the helps without paying for more coins, then you have to wait for more to build up over a few hours. For a game with ads, I feel like limiting how much you can play is kind of cheap. Unless you have friends who really like this game (in which case you should ne prepared to not win for a long time, of at all), pass on it.
Just finally updated and remembered why I hadn't before. PLEASE bring back the facebook photos of the person I'm playing against, and please fix the way the names are listed. I want to see my friends names - I don't know who zynga367963368 is! Very angry that I updated...
Great game bt I have an LG Optimus n will keep freezing on me..Kept having to restart my phone bcause it slowed down my phone..
Too bloated for me. Typical zynga focusing more on unnecessary flashy graphics than functionality.
This would be an awosome game but it freezes right in the middle of finding words. Fix that and u get 5. Warp
Small problems, it force closes at any given time, gets in the way of other apps from working properly & occasionally slows down or responds really slowly.
Lousy help from Inspiration, always give the same words, tease, tone etc
After the new update, the advertisement shows up like half the screen at the main page... pls fix
Great game but phone crashes every time I close the game. Galaxy s.
Freezes my phone to much or would be a 5 star rating!
I LOVE this game but... It is frustrating that u don't get coins when u win, I keep having to buy them and when u purchase them they do not automatically reproduce. WTH? It is super fun and I am addicted but u need to change the coin issue. I never have to spend $ on Words w Friends, shouldn't have to on this game either. NEED to change!!!!!!! PLEASE!!!! Otherwise I would give 5 stars.
The color doesn't look inviting. Change please
Love the game, but it freezes & crashes all the time. Now it won't update. LG Optimus - Droid
This is wonderful game and i enjoy playing everyday.
Addictive
it always freezes my phone (galaxy s+)...I hate it.
Can play the game but the lastest update can only show 1/3 of the screen because its covered by ads... Bugged ??
This app is very fun, but it Force Closes 3 or 4 times a day and I have to re register thru FB each time. I have the Android HTC one. Will bring my vote back up when fixed. Thanks.
My phone locks up nightly....such a bummer because I like the game. Zynga apps (WWF) seem to all do this.
Slow on Xperia mini pro
force closes and freezes my cell have to take battery out and back in when it happens. motorola droid x2.i love this game but i have to uninstall and reinstall alot just to play it because it freezes sometimes..also please add new letter grids. i play alot and notice sometimes the same grids coming up.. otherwise i would gave gave 5 *'s. still worth playing. fun!
This is a fun and addictive game but I uninstall it when I'm not playing because it makes my phone freeze constantly :(
Awesome
Too slow
Game was great, then randomly stopped working. Had to uninstall, now I am stuck with stupid ads again that I had already gotten rid of.
On Aug 12 started crashing on iPad.  Starts to open and then instantly closes. Still works on my DROID X.
Freezes my phone. Infuse 4g
I love this app, but the force closing and slowness of it infuriates me to no end. Please fix that and the loading time *5 minutes and having to force close it twice before my move is sent is ridiculous* I'm on LG genesis android. Fix the issues with an update to fix the bugs and ill rerate accordingly. Thanks bunches!
Just got a new phone last week and downloaded this game again and I am still having the same problems I had before with it freezing my phone. Love the game but if it keeps up I am going to uninstall it permanently! Fix this now!!!!! One less star..
I would love it if there was a little more time. Also, I would like to be able to quit or resign even when its not my turn. And, I don't like waiting around for other people. I would like to just play! I wish there was a solitaire version.
I love the app but waiting 20 minutes for a token is stupid. It should be like 5 or 10 minutes. I dont want to buy any tokens either. You should really get working on this because its just ridiculous
Wtv its ok
after reformatting my sd card...cant get the game re-installed on my Galaxy S.....other than that, great game!
Everytime my husband and I play against each other I end up losing because the stupid game will become extremely slow yet the time keeps going like the screen isn't freezing. So of course I lose because it doesn't pick up on words I have already found because its still trying to catch up....AAARRRRGGGHHH...I have uninstalled this game twice now and reinstalled...Hopefully 3rd times a charm and I can start winning again.
Good game, but it's always crashing my Android and making it reload. It's crashed twice where I had to uninstall it and reinstall it. Then i couldn't get the games back that I had going. I've about had it. If it crashes again, I'm uninstalling it permanently. Mediocre performance at best.
Lag
It makes my phone freeze.  -LG Thrill
It won't let me login on Facebook!!!! plz fix
It doesn't register and update on my phone. Please fix.
What is the problem love the game but keeps crashing
Love the game but it freezes way too much on Android Skyrocket. Even froze trying to write comments.  Can't you do something to stop this problem on Android?
Love the game, but locks and freezes phone whenever played.
The game is fun, but the app lags and crashes on my Samsung galaxy tab. Maybe its my tablet and not the app? Either way, I still play it.  Just wish it didn't lag.
Game kept freezing. Got 2 b very frustrating.
Good app!
love the game, but after a few moves, it freezes my galaxy phone. i have to remove the battery every time i play. just not worth it. don't have trouble with Words With Friends. odd & disappointing!
I enjoy the game,.HOWEVER I HATE people who stop paying halfway and then I left hanging on for 11 days....	How annoying to be enjoying a game and have 5 games open with one person that decides to just quit or be mean and there is nothing I can do.  So I uninstalled and reinstalled.
At last update you all increased the amount of coins required for power ups.   None of the other word games I play limit you to only a few games.  Uninstalling and sticking to WWF
Need more ways to earn coins
It's fun but it uses too many coins each time and takes too long for the coins to build back up.
Needs moree time.
It wud b nice to b able to delete inactive players before the current time limit automatically does so.  Also, it wud be good to be able to resign from a game on their turn if needed.
Absolutely love the game but it slows my phone down loads!!
it always loads so slowly ..an then crashes my phone FIX IT .........
This game has token bugg
It is okay...
Played a game got half way into it and the ganesh stopped in the middle wtf
Very smooth and well made app. I've been playing with friends and strangers daily for a few months.
I never have enough time to get all words I see
Fun but turns my phone off alot and randomly exits the game.
I love the game but have repeatedly had to uninstall then reinstall because it freezes & closes.  It always works great when I get it reinstalled, for awhile.
I like this game. It's challenging but it keeps freezing up once you get a few words. Please fix this. Once fixed ill rate five stars.
Fun but a little laggy.
Tokens take to long but  great game
If after 3 days an opponent doesn't play? The game is dropped. Face it...they are not coming back. Change this please!
Great game! Deserves 5 stars but I have to close the game while playing because it freezes and lags so bad.  Also, the time it takes to get more coins is ridiculous. Please fix issues!!!
haha still not bad
LOVE this game but the winner should be able to win a coin. But great game!  Kudos!! PS- KEEPS FREEZING UP lost a star!   And i bought coins ... which should be 99 cents, not 2.99 minimum ... and when I bought coins, I no longer accumulated coins every twenty minutes!  That's ridiculous!  Doesn't pay to buy coins! Another star lost.  :-(
seems like a great game in a good interface but, when you have a lot of friends like to play this game your tokens go extremely fast
fun game but it can be very very slow at times
Only bad things are you can only have so many games going at one time, you don't earn coins for winning so you only get so many coins per time period and have to wait to okay again once you use three coins all up until they replenish
I like the game it a good way past the time. I hate the fact that you have to buy tokens but other then that a reallu good game
I enjoy the game but what happens when you run out of coins???  I can't play anymore cuz I have no more coins.....
Wish there was a pass and play option. Also, often when I am playing a word it falters and I lose time.
Great Game!!
when using inspiration I have experienced serval times that word on the list were not found on the grid
Needs more coins
I love the game, but it keep on locking up on me and I can't do anything on my phone. I have to pull out the battery to fix it. If it keep up I'm going to uninstall it
The coins take way too long to regenerate. It should not take a coin to play. Coins should be only for boosters. Plus the third boost should be two coins not three.
Love this game but it keeps making my phone freeze please fix do I download it again ( I have a samsung admire) :)
excellent game but keeps sticking! which gets very frustrating. iv tried deleting the app an re-installing it so fingers crossed.
Id give my 5stars if you can give a free token as a price for the winner.
Be better without having to use coins
Freezes up a lot but really enjoy the game
Its Ok. Seems slow on my phone. Ok game though.
its always crashing..if u cud just fix that.
I love this game. Only problem is it lags and backs out of game sometimes. Please fix bugs. :-)
Since last update game constantly freezes, shuts off, loses coins, loses games, starts games over.  New helps hardly worth it.
I love it
Slow sometimes
Game is fun, have some freezes.
Crashes quiet often or won't load...
To many ads
I enjoy playing this game but it's irritating when you run out of coins and have to wait. Even if you only use the free one (scramble etc..) multiple games will deplete them quickly. The paid version says twice as fast but still not enough. Definitely not paying for more coins.
Tokens feature sucks!
I love, love, livre this game but it freezes all the time. I wish they could fix this so I don't have to keep shutting my phone down.
Thank you very much for having scramble. It does help improve my spelling skills and help me thinks faster. Again, thank you very much.
I agree that the free coins don't come quickly enough.... Only able to play three games a day or spend money.
Freezes and force closes a lot on Samsung Galaxy
So. Freakin. Awesome.
WONDERING WHY I CAN'T READ MESSAGES WHEN PLAYERS SEND ME A MESSAGE ITS ANYBODY ELSE HAVING THIS PROBLEM???
After playing this game for a while... It seems there is a bot playing because there is no way someone can get 700 points or about 60 words from this game. Impossible. The game is good but I want to see if you can fix this flaw.
Very addictive & fun but starting to see the same letter combos over and over ..also. .if people don't start their round for a week,  you can't play if you are waiting on too many people. .lastly. .horrible performance, freezes a lot, forces shut down a lot
Wish it wouldn't freeze up during a tournament. Very frustrating. Also, I wish you could earn tokens by winning a game or round, instead of waiting for them.
Great game freezes @ times
I love the game.but freezes way too much and makes my phone slow.
Good game, occasionally the game play is sluggish but overall solid. They are cheap on the coins, it's hard to get into because you run out of coins so quickly.
Fun game. They need to stop being so cheap with the coins tho.  You can basically play 4 games, then you have to wait 6-8 hours to play again.
Freezes when you play alot of games
If it didn't lag and force close it would be five stars.
Problem is it freezes after I play a few games. Once it froze when I hit the done button but it was scoring me even thought I couldn't see the game board so I got a zero for round 2 of that game. I keep playing though because I love this game! Lol I have a 7 inch galaxy tablet.
Hate having to earn coins to play!
This is a great new game but it lags way too much and slows everything down.
Good when it loads. Takes some time to catch up andsometimes forces application to close.
Love the game but waiting to play when ur out of tokens stinks.
Have problems with the game slowing during play, most times stopping.  Otherwise, great game to play with friends.
If a player hasn't played in a while you can't delete them to make room for more matches
Seems to run a little slow on my Android
Fun!!!
I never get bored with it and always love playing when I get a little extra time in my day! It's very addicting! I have no complaints about it at all! Very good game!
Game is so fun however force closes often or requires a complete shut down due to freezing.
Love it, good sometimes freezes up on my galaxy. I just enjoy the brain workout
It's ok I guess. Feel free to play me anytime
Great game, very addictive. The only bad thing having to wait 20 minutes for 1 coin so the excitement wears off.
only thing is my phone has started freezing since downloading this game
I love this game
Good game. Serious battery drainer even when I haven't opened it. Verizon gnex
Really LoVe the game but can you PLEASE fix the glitches with the time game gets stucks and makes weird noises even when the app is closed other than that it would get a 5 star from me
Would be 4 stars without ads
Hands down, this is my favorite game to play on my phone! It loads very, very slowly and makes my phone run slower overall. I'm not sure if that's the fault of the game or the phone, but my other games don't do that. Nonetheless, the gamenis worth it!
I really love playing this game but I have noticed when I play 3 or 4 games in a row my phone starts running slow or the game itself starts to freeze up and or run slow as well.
So much fun!! But take tokens away, I have to wait hours to continue a game because of them. Fix that and gets 5 stars
I'm rating this a 3 due to the fact u can only play 10 games. You should be able to play more. Hopefully they change this 15 would be nice.
I enjoy this game and play regulary. About a week ago the game just deleted my name and facebook that I had linked and now it wants me to set up a new account, not cool, not at all.
Good game, but freezes a lot.
Would like to delete people after about a day without it going against my winning average. Also hate that I have to wait so long to recop more coins. Would like to see more letters in rotation so a larger variety of words can be spelled. Otherwise, the game is pretty fun.	It's pretty cool
Need more time!
Really easy for ppl to win if they have coins and use "inspiration". Its annoying because its easy to win without trying. Thats my only complaint, maybe make more useful cheats like that cost more coins so its a bit harder to get. Like freeze could be free because it helps without giving words but other two need to be harder to get. Runs pretty good, but sometimes lags.
Its ok except every three or four games i play it totally shuts down my phone n makes it re start... need to fix that issue!  Model: ZTE WARP
Fun game! BUT...ToO many force close & it slows down my phone way too much!
Could be a like better
I only wish it wouldn't crash that much and got coins faster but I still love this game i
I've really tried to get this but. I'm still not seeing the words till after the time is up. Not a game for who try to hard. I'm hearing you need to relax. Baahahaha!
I will rate a lot higher if they fix the bugs. It causes my phone to lag and freeze to the point where the battery needs to be removed to get it to function again. Otherwise, lots of fun!
Love. It!! But it freezes up alot
Great game but it just takes too long to earn more coins .!
I like this game . It would be great if the letters wouldn't freeze up and the timer keeps going .
Game is fun doesn't always work on my phone
Not happy with the new movie previews after each game!
I like the game, howevet, I do not like the coins every 20 minutes
However please cut the coin time at least in half of the time. 20mins is way too long to wait. 10mins is fine by me gives me a chance to play more games. Not that I don't want to buy them but I can't afford them right now times are tough and all.
I enjoy playing this game. Would love more coins.
Really great game.......The only two things are that  I wish people could play against the computer instead of opponents because of the wait time........I have played people one round per day........That's no fun having to wait.......The other thing is get rid of the coins and have unlimited play.......I would love to play longer that a hand full of games and then wait on coins to complete a game
Fun!
I think we should have more coins for more playtime
Its a good game I enjoy it.
My favorite game but my phone becomes very warm & it crashes. Pleasee fix this
Only problem is that the tokens go quickly and you cannot play without tokens.
Love it but It makes my samgung transforl ultra go super slow and crash
good fun to play, but really annoying when it freezes and shuts my phone down.
It's a shame you have to buy tokens and that you can't have it charged to your phone bill. Otherwise it is lots of fun!!
Wish didn't have to wait so long for tokens.
But crashes if you create words too fast. Please sort it out. Running on Gingerbread.
It's fun enough. Annoying that you wait 20 minutes for a coin. The ads don't bother me.
I really like this game/app but I hate how I run out of coins and I cant play any more at all...unless I buy coins. Dislike!
I used to be able to play this game just fine but then it started to glitch and started to mess up my phone and making it really slow...I've tried to re-install it to see if it would work BUT IT DOESN'T!!! I miss playing this game with friends!!!
I really like this game. It is addictive and I enjoy the competition between my friends. But it can no longer be advertised as free esp. when its a 5 token per game charge.
I enjoy playing this game. Especially when I'm bored and need something to do real quick. Helps keep the mind sharp too.
I luke this game. It's ready enough to play buy I'm confused about the tokens and how they're to be used
I really enjoy the game, but after leave the app, it keeps running in the background and uses up so much memory that my phone is basically useless. Fix this bug and this gamer will be highly recommended!
Love the game but wish it was another way to get coins other then waiting it out or paying real money
I hate the way you hate limited coins so you can't play more than a couple rounds at a time.
Great, fun game but it freezes too much on my lg optimus!
No refresh button No game stats Innovative but could've been lot better
Its a fun game and usually works but it will sometimes lag really bad or just unexpectedly shut down in the middle of the game.
Good game, but sometimes freezes write the clock is still running.  Very irritating.
Hours of fun!! A must have!!
This game would be awesome if it had a single player option! And a way to earn more tokens instead if paying for even or waiting forever to get more!
Love this game & it would get a higher rating, but it causes my Galaxy S to freeze or crash and I have to take the battery out of the phone to fix it.
It could use a pass and play.
It is ok
I love the game except waiting for people to play. I should be able to challenge myself while i wait. Also when using the inspiration feature, often times the words needed to be find are never shown so I'm still just guessing. a waste of a coin.
Fun and exciting but should provide more tokens =[
Very fun but game crashes and the phone shuts off also I lose a lot because the phone can't keep up
Great game. Addictive
Love this game but the touch responsiveness is not as good as it is on the iPhone. Making it hard to compete against iPhone users
Would be 5 stars if the coins were replaced faster or if there were no coins required. 20 mins for 1 coin is ridiculous.
Freezes up phone, and gm. Super fun, yet everyone stayes this. Why doesnt time freeze?
Good game, but freezes a lot
Provide more coins. Shorten coin replenish time from 20 to 5 minutes or charge less for the options.
I really enjoy playing this game when it works. It freezes alot. Sometimes I lose time but occasionally I have to restart my phone (or it restarts on its own).
After enjoying playing this with my friends,  I now realize that many of the same words are repeated,  I have yet to see words with the letter K... May uninstall and recommend same to friends if not fixed.
Its fun, but it has been shutting my phone down and restarting it. Its a bit buggy.
The update helped a lot in performance of the game but, even still, this game uses up a lot of ram which causes my samsung galaxy tablet to freeze. Please fix this is my favorite game to play.
It force closes all the time then really slows my phone down and freezes it.
its ok, it freezes alot and makes me lose points, and I think you should win coins everytime you win, not use them everytime you play
This game is amazing and super fun
I lovechild app, the only thing is I wish we could like pick opponents, insted of random picking
Too much fun
Boring
Enjoy playing the game.
Very fun and addictive game but if you have the Droid X2, do NOT bother cause it will slow your phone and freezes sometimes along with force closes.
Otherwise it is a great app... but way too many.
Love game i have android zte and when i play this game it freezes and my phone also reboots...seems to freeze if i play while phone is charging as well....my phone has a problem mainly with just this game ****FIX THE FREEZING I WILL RATE 5STARS!!!!!!! Thanks
Game keeps glitching and makes my samsung admire freeze up to the point that I have manually restart my phone. Game would be 5 stars if it werent for the glitches.
Game is addictive and fun, but lots of glitches and forces close often.
I. Like the game but also find fault in the "waiting" for moves. I also had to recently uninstall & reinstall the game to get my next rounf of moves.
Fun but all games require tokens and u have to wait for more tokens to continue to play, probably would have still downloaded though.
Love the game, hate that u have to buy tokens or wait 20 minutes just for one...no other scrabble game makes u pay to play..would be alot more fun if u could play whenever u want
Freezes my phone all the time but love the game.
It is kind of fun but time limits are annoying.  It is also hard to read the little choices for perks in a game. I do not often feel up for all this!
It freezes a lot
When I was trying to create new games,it told me that I have reached the maximum games that I could create,while I only have 3 awaiting games.
y is there an ad taking up half the screen?
Takes too long to find if it's my turn
Not too bad
Dislike having to wait for someone else to play.
Fun game, love it but freezing is really starting to f me off, could this be a Motorola compatibilty thing? Have seen a lot of comments similar from Moto's
i like the game but too many concerns that i wld like to bring to your attention...first this game crashes phone...causes to restart 2nd:i have a whole list of people that haven't played their turn...either updated or I'll reuninstall..
After about 6-7 games it freezes and the timer still goes. I'm not able to make words for at least the last 20 seconds.
Very fun addicting game, but waiting for required tokens to play is just plain stupid. Eliminate the token aspect and it's a top game.
Cool game. Wish they had cumulative stats though.
Freezes randomly, and sometimes causes the phone to freeze (HTC inspire)
it's glitchy. It stops and stalls on me during game play. Besides that, it's fun.
Annoying tokens and adds. Otherwise ok.
Pretty fun and addicting at first. Dont think i ever had any tech problems. Good download for killing time.
But...makes my phone freeze up and constantly either have to do a full shut off or the app closes itself which is kinda frustrating when you are in the middle of a game!
GREAT GAME...EXCEPT CONSTANTLY FREEZES UP MY PHONE. Uninstalled and reinstalled 4 times. Nothing helps. Please fix
Awesome game, but causes my phone to crash and restart. Droid x2.
I wish the chips regenerated faster.
Fun game!!!!
Enjoy the game but freezes up a lot HTC inspire!
I really love this game but always run out of coins so I have to stop playing.
This is a fun game, need to collect coins faster. I've tried buying coins as well as the game and it always says theres an error. Both my kids and my husband have purchased the game from their phones, so not sure what the problem is. Enjoy when I get to play.
I love this addictive game.
Horrible to see that the ads cover half the page on my favourite scramble application after the update.
This game is probably the most fun game i've played on the market, everytime i run it it causes my phone to be extremely laggy.  The only way to get it to start working correctly is to do a battery pull.  Taskkillers help the lag, bu they dont completely get rid of it.  I also can only do a round or 2 before the lag gets so bad that my round clock goes from like a minute left then lags out and the round is over.  It is so frustrating at times to deal with, but when it is running good,this is by far the best
A fun game. The coins are stupid. But generally a fun game.
alittle slow but good to play when you're bored
Not bad
Should have way more coins
I installed this on my samsung repp, and right away when I launched it encountered problems loading the game. Played 2 rounds with friends and everything stalled, restart phone. Went through this twice, removed battery and am now scared to try launching the game again as my other apps are finally working properly again. Love the game itself, just scared to play it on my phone now :-(
annoying ad bar is WAY TOO BIG!!!!
Since I downloaded this, my phones been slower, and causes everything to force close... I moved it to my SD card, and same thing.... I am now trying to uninstall, then re install..  How it helps, this game is addictive and fun
I've always liked this game, but come on.  Why do you guys need to know of I'm in the middle of a phone call?
It is an addictive game that keeps you on your toes. But sometimes my phone's processor can't keep up with my finger movements--the clock keeps running tho! It gets frustrating when that happens cuz I know I could have better scores. Please try to write a leaner update. Maybe less flash would yield better performance?
Fun and addictive game but developer should add delete feature to clear rounds that aren't finished by opponents! I've reached my limit to start new games and it's frustrating waiting on others to either complete or resign current rounds. PLEASE ADD DELETE FEATURE! Thx.
...had to uninstall because the latest version jumped the size from about 5MB to 16 MB. I don't think that kind of size increase was necessary in one update.
You can finally quit a game!
Can't even get into the game I click the icon & immediately force closes
Get rid of pay to play app purchasing.  Will be games downfall if not fixed.
:) I like the game but, having to  force close every time is annoying. I'm so addicted to this game.
Fun to play but keeps crashing. Seems to have slowed down my mobile too.
So fun, could play for hours. Only complaint is that the coin thing stops me from playing as much as I'd like. More words would be cool too.
This is a great game and I haven't had to worry about it freezing up or have it force stop.
Luv this game gets my mind moving thnx for the challenge at the same time this freezing during the game n the force closes r quite perturbing
why my s3 cannot login with facebook account?
Love this game, but I have to force close alot.  Also, too little tokens without any chance of winning them.
I absolutely loved this game until it started freezing at least 3 out of 6 games ( I played a lot). I wish they would fix that. Other than that I love the concept of the game.
It can be a ripe off .   You use tokens and people decline and you don't get the tokens back. It's ridiculous to pay for tokens also. The should be free!
Just wish u didnt have to wait so long for coins.
Makes my phone slow. Fun to play, but keeps force closing.
But it ALWAYS freezes :-(
Love the game. Wish we had a longer play time! AND wish we didn't have to use tokens on a "free" game!!
Freezes when u don't want it to
Love the game.... Tired of the token thing! It was cool that you added a third option but for 5 tokens?! I like this game but this is just annoying already!
Love playing with friends.
Fun game but freezes up all the time. Cache is high too. Maybe will get better.
needs bug fixes, n makes my phone freeze up...
Wish there was a way to play solo to get practice.
Good game but it keeps freezing and I always end up having to turn off my phone
Love the game but it freezes up sometimes & shuts down my phone.
Kinda fun to play if you like word-search games, cool that it has live play too. But it's a pain to have to go into utility and force it out of massive memory.
Please make out smoother for Samsung phone. Always hang in the middle of a game.
Fun
Great  game  but opens  entirely  to slow ......
Love the game! freezes when it can.t keep up with scoring. Touch screen freezes. Sound goes off
Fun, but I don't like having to wait for coins just to play a round.
I'm unable to play the game because a lot of my friends games are dormant. please create a delete button to remove them. thanks
crashes on my exhibit 2 but worth the headaches!
I love this game!! So addicting! Just wish you could get more coins for winning.
The app it kinda slow but still love the game!
Love this game but it always freezes and the coins take to long to get if you play alot like me
Cant delete people not playing
Game is ok sucks you have to have tokens
Love the challenge but, need longer play time and less need of tokens
Not as fun as words with friends.
Regularly crashes on me...
Need sort out the game crashing very often!
I love this game but it is very slow and slows my andriod down a lot. Fix that and it will be awesome!
CNN cm CNN
Run out of tiles too fast & then they want to charge you for them.
I love the game but that's when it is not freezing up and forcing close!!!
Great game to play with friends and family. Program on my phone seems to slow things down a lot, could be playing and cannot type word, it then pauses and time is still running and sometimes it forces me to have to shut down and reboot.
The app works great and its a fun game. Wish there were more than 3 rounds. Per game.
-stars because I don't receive any notifications, EVER :(
Fun game reminiscent of boggle.  Fast game play.  I really enjoy it EXCEPT for the tokens.  You can only take so many turns until you have to wait for your tokens to come back.   I can't imagine having to wait for tokens in words with friends!  It runs fine on my DROIDX 2.  No lagging.  Tokens are thumbs down.  **Lost a star after last update**  Game only loads occasionally and when it does I'm lucky to get one game in before it crashes!!!!
Great game. My only issue is that it occasionally locks up my phone and causes a forced close, usually in the middle of a game. When that happens, I lose every thing I did in that turn and have to start over.
I really love this game but it KILLS my RAM!! Why does it need to run on 220mb-336mb RAM at times?! Redonkulous
Fun but lots of levels repeat... See lots of same words... Winner of each round should get a coin! Coin system limits play.
Freezes too much!!!
It's a gd game, but I hate the token part. If you can keep playing or earn more tokens
The screens seem to repeat a lot
I hate when I lose coins hate it!
Takes to long to regain coins, but is overall a good game.
I really enjoy this game its lots of fun I been hooked since the first time I played but I do have some complaints I hate waiting 20 mins for more coins why must we wait 20 mins 2 get only 1 coin? Why don't the winners get rewarded coins 4 high scores? Why not reward the players with coins 4 spelling big words? I hate it when I wait 20 mins 4 a coin 2 play and my screen freezes up r even worse than that my phone totally shuts itself off!! I luv the game but hate the flaws!!
Force closes on Toshiba thrive
It freezes sometimes but is fun!
The original version I downloaded was the best, but I have auto update on and the last few have made me like the game less. I play against some really good players and limiting me to only choose 2 inspirations lowers my chances of winning. Change it back to choosing 3 of the same power-ups would help even things back up with competition!
Smart match create problems. Waiting days for game to complete.(presently on a game for 6 days. Waiting on other player) game should have a time-out feature or the ability to resign at any point in the game.
Would've been higher except for putting the ads on there that you exit out of for a minimum of 5 sec, it gets irritating, i'm not gonna pay or donate on a game like this so ill probably uninstall if they keep doing it
Wish the number of games I played or how I played weren't dependent on coins that refill one at a time every 20 minutes. Also wish i could play in.my own, like practice. These limitations make me too lazy to play consistently whichmay be a good thing. Otherwise I would be addicted to this copy cat version of Boggle.
Nobody wants to play with me cause I am so flipping good!
You say they will be at our skill level, but I have yet to get one. They are all way too low or WAY to high.
With the new evo update we no longer get notifications when it's our turn. Fix that and you get five stars!
Love playing, dislike token aspect, and locks my phone up frequently.
Has alot of freezing that leads to other problems so annoying I uninstalled. But I do love the game its awesome. Needs improvement though
Fun to play with friends overall but too many errors and freezes a lot!
Scramble: love it just don't like when it freezes or I have to force close it.
Been playing for awhile and love it.  But just started getting unexpected stops and has to be forced closed every time I play!  Installed the update hoping that would help but it didn't.  Please fix!  HTC REZOUND.
Needs moree time.
Stop changing my wallpaper!!!!!!!!!!!  You take my coin for a game, then skip back to home frame.   I have to use another coin to play same game!!!! Otherwise, I like the game.
Why do you need coins the play normal games? I also dont like playing random as its obs they ate cheating. Great game to play with people you know. Same problem with wordswithfriend, can only resign when your go
Good game
Wish there was a pass and play option so I could play with my kids, or practice by myself and not have to wait on someone elses turn!
Fun game but tokens take too long to generate and are not worth buying.
I like this game very much.. itz was fun. :)
This game is a blast to play. Probably the best out there. Sadly, it constantly crashes my phone, and locks up all my phone functions. Game gets locked sometimes during my turn. The coins are a total rip off.
Great game, but it would be alot better if you got coins you win
It takes my phone cpu to 100 percent. Hangs the game so loose time and chances to grab words.
A big update would be nice. Can't play with some of my friends
I wish the developer could fix the problem where scramble always force closes on Samsung phones	My Samsung tablet constantly freezes up and my HTC phone always re-boots upon exiting. Needs to be fixed. Verizon suggested I should un-install Scramble. . . Don
Fun game, but cant get it to not stop and go back to menu midgame..reinstalled twice! Ugh!
Fun!
This is fun. I wish you could play single-player practice rounds though; it makes you play against an actual opponent and that requires data connection
Wish you could end/resign from a game.
It seems to me that the updates alternate between making it slower nd making it faster. Running on android 2.2 though so that might be the culprit
This is a great game that will satisfy the competitive nerd in all of us!
Hard to play without sounds! Haha, tokens take awhile to build up, but very addictive
Keeps us all occupied for hours.
Fun. Takes some practice and wish you were given more time but still fun
Tends to freeze up my galaxy S II, but a fun game
Keep practicing!
Keep running out of tokens if playing with multiple friends and I am not spending money to buy more
Fun game.
Good game. Very fun!!!
Dope game wish we could get coins more often free by winning or bonus idk luv it though
It is so much fun but I think that it could have a lil more time while ur doing it or the person who is playing should choose howbmuch time is on the clock
Already addicted!
Good game to play with friends
Playing with all my family and fb friends. Fun game
Fun
I'm bad at it, but it's very well designed. Good game.
So addictive
I love the game i just hate waiting to get new coins.
Kinda fun.
Easily the most fun & addictive game I've played in a while. Is like words on crack. The only down side is the token system. Waiting to replenish blows & the token packages are a rip off.
Lots of fun,  and no issues at all with it. !! Thank you
So addictive
really fun
Great game but it locks my phone up
good game. we enjoy playing the game most of the time.
Just as the sister game words with friends it needs to update with Facebook!
Nice.
Fun to play against friends.
Mesmerize: I just wish that there was a time limit to play your next turn . I have a couple of games that are over a week old. I have to forfeit and lose, not them :(   otherwise its a very addictive and fun game to play.   love it !!!!
Love this game!!!!
Great app but the phone hangs..samsung galaxy s2
great game on vocabulary improvemeny
Great, fun game! Too long a wait for more coins though.
This is a really good educational, but fun game. Great to be able to connect with friends through facebook. Equivalent to Boggle but different due to double and triple letter bonuses. One really needed option in a future update is some kind of practice mode where you can practice by yourself.
Love it
Addicting and fun!
I <3 this game
Fun to play. Only down fall is the tokens off you play multiple games.
I love this game. It gets really laggy sometimes though. That's a problem but other than that great game.
love the game
BUT need to load up coins much faster... That will get 5 stars from me!
My only issue is while I'm in the middle of the game it freezes up sometime.....
Even without using the power up option it still charges a coin and I don't want to post for more.
GET RID OF THE COINS! OR MAKE IT EASIER TO EARN MORE!
Great game.
I love it its an awesome game. But it froze on me only once and restarted my phone
Hooked to this game.. will be good to see new boards ;-)
It's a great game. I hate the fact that I run out of coins so fast! I recommended the coin system be demolished or we win new coins ever time we win a game
Great game. Very fun when you have a couple minutes to kill
Very good but freezes too   much. U must pace urself to play for free, but game is so addictive that it's worth it.
Completely addicted!
Great game....addictive!!!!   Would be nice if we could win coins.
Tons of fun
Great Game!!
Totallt addicted. Wish it would let me pick an opponent from my contact list, not just facebook connect. But the game play is great.
Like the game alot I just wish the coins didn't take so long to build back up! Change that and it'll be perfect
More coins in shorter time
Addictive game. Just typical Zynga needing coins for something else. Besides that I really enjoy it.
great game
Awesome and addictive game that generally works great on my Galaxy SIII. Would be better if the game had a practice mode.
Good way to play with friends you don't see often
So much fun I love  their new upgrades
Runs pretty smooth on my Samsung tablet and phone! Not loving that I have to wait for coins and agree that winner should get coin incentives! Still a fun game to play!
Already addicted in one day!
I basically love this game but I would very much like to be able to play on my own without a "friend".  Is that possible
Too bad I stink!
Fantastic
Luv this game
love it
It really makes u think an gets u to really look for the words they r not jus all right there for u
It passses time love it
Great fun!!
With the recent update it has been giving me error while connecting. Please fix!
Love it!
I enjoy gaming all words but I'd like to end a game even when it's not my turn instead of waiting 7 plus days for the game to end. Takes up room for willing match opponents.
Love this game but wish we had more tokens =/ I hate waiting for 19 or 20 minutes
Definitely addictive and fun!!
I love this game. It's a great time passer. Gets pretty competitive. Only thing is I wish is if  you could play multiplayer on the phone against people. Works great on mytouch 4g Slide
i can't invite anyone if i don't have facebook! i want that option back
Love this game so addicted!!
Great game
Seems to freeze my galaxy a
I like this game better than words with friends. But the whole token thing kind of sucks. I would have given it 5 stars.
Good to play but another minute would be nice.
Great!
Good, but it makes my phone lag.
Like it, fun and nice. Only slightly slow in response.
Love, love this game..would get a 5 if I could play against the computer:-)
Great game.
Fun
Fun game to play. My 9 year old loves to play also!!
Love the game
Would like to resign games if opponent isn't playing anymore.
A fun game to play.
so fun
love it
Good game to play with co-workers when nothing is going on
Thx for the best game
Faster & no more hanging..
What a great, fun way to interact with family & friends. I play with friends from school that I have not heard from in over 10 years, and we all have a blast. Thanks for the great game.
Really good...I would have loved it more..if I could play myself without time limit and than get a solution, once I submit my score
Love the game but randomly freezes sometimes. Have to force close the app in order for it to work again.
Pretty fun and addictive game. Also very entertaining to compete with your friends.
Absolute fun !!  Recommend to one and all.
This game is a way to pass the time and I love it! The only thing I don't like about it, it's the way it has tokens
New to it ...but really like it. Fun....
Love it!
Great
I have noticed that recently there is a difference between the score i am given at the end of the round and the one given for the same round on the totals page. I have had several rounds where my score is higher and then on the totals page, the score shown for that round is much lower. What's up with that?   I'm getting robbed!   Oh... and additional coins should also be given as reward for winning and loyalty coins too!
I love the game, especially the Facebook connectivity that allows me to play against my FB friends. So addicting!
Good game. Great when bored for people who enjoy word games.
LOVE the game but the tokens are a pain. Would pay for unlimited games. Would like to be able to play against the computer when no opponent is available (without using a token).
Luv it
Pretty fun and addicting
It's a pretty fun game.
I had some issues with it at first but I uninstalled and reinstalled it and things are running smooth.  Love the game.
Way better than words w. Friends ... Just wish you got coins faster FIX PLEASE !
Fun game once you understand the coins and points.
The updated is great & I enjoy playing!
Only negative comment would have to be waiting on coins to play. You should have the option to play even if you are out of coins.
Do wish I didn't have to wait for tokens!
Having fun...runs perfectly on Samsung tablet...
Love it ..
The game is awesome. However it freezes my tablet and makes everything.run slow..
Great game works perfect
I was just indroduced to this game n its pretty coo, wish u didn't have to wait 20 mins to get only one coin to get the goodies or play another person. But other then that I like it.
Very fun and challenging.
Wish it had more coins but it passes time n exercises the brain
Pretty good, especially now I can play with people at my level, more chance of winning! Runs really smooth, no faults.
Simply love it!!
Most Addictive game I have played in a while. Great cause u can play with others also
This is a really good app but needs more coverage to attract more players I.E. facebook
Fun game.
Not a flaw at all in its entertainment.
Love the game,but would like it more if we had 1more minute of time & 1xtra vision/freeze/inspiration/letter switch to use.So instead of 3 total,4pls!
Very slow...
Addiction at it's best
Im still trying to broaden my vocabulary skills so I can win a few more games. Great app though.
Great game, fun and addictive.. But wish theres an offline mode for practice or whatsoever... Peace out
Fun game
Good way to spend the time....
Good game. Exercises your mind...
Love this game
Great, fun game in 2 minutes or less!
It def helps past tha time. I play almost er'day!!!
The best game to pass time and also able to learn more words
Very well-designed and addictive game. Would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that it hogs up RAM and tends to freeze after a while of playing because of this.
Great fun game but it sometimes freezes my Droid 3 and forces it to restart.
For some reason the games aren't updating on my phone, but will update on my ipad :(
Fun and addictive!
great way to play with my daughter across country
Nice
I love it !
lots of fun with both my kids & wife all hooked!
Addicting... Would've given it 5 stars if you gained coins when you win the round...
Goooooooood game. Brain teaser  that forces one to use ones mind. Four stars only because five represents perfection and no one or nothing is perfect.
Fun!
Addicting game!!
I like it
It freezes up my samsung android ... But its fun
Good game but hate u gotta wait for tokens but fun to kill time
the reason I give this a 4 out of 5 is because I'm really new at 2 words but I know a lot of words and so far this game is really help me to learn to use other words and has been fun so far for me to play
Great fun, even if my sister always beats me
Love it. Completely addicting. Sucks when it force closes, though. :(
Scramble is a very addictive and a mind challenging game. But I have no complains about that. Other then what other people said, (which I have to agree with) I find this game fairly amusing and I recommend it to others. If you could fix the time to get a free coin to 5mins and not 20mins, and maybe add a practice mode that would boost my rating to five stars. Other then that I love it!!!
Addicting game that's good for your brain too
Best ever. Would like the option to play myself and get dome experience.
As always. Thank you Zenga
brainy fun, Awesome!
Really enjoy
Takes too long to reload coins.
Good
Not my favorite with friends game but i like to play it wen important bored.
Fun but frustrating waiting for tokens to play
Love the game but it freezes alot don't know if its my phone since it has  major problems or the game.  Samsung Galaxy
Fun game, no complaints
Jackie moon loves this game
Jackie moon loves this game
I enjoy this game lots!
Great game, love it. It's so addictive
Love it
Fun and addictive!
Great to play....just wish there was a day to cancel/dismiss unfinished games or terminate them after a certain amount of time has passed with no moves being made.
This game is addicting but the fact that we only get a token every 20 mins is bogus. I'm not going to pay money for tokens to play this game. I have more important things like kids to spend money on. I would get to play more often if I didn't have to wait for the tokens. In a pos note...I love the game.
Once you get good at this game, its a buzz. Great fun vs friends. Using HTC One
Zynga always has the best games and this one is no different.
Can't stop playing.
The pause is a bit delayed... all but one of the powers is useless... and the reset time on the coins could be a bit faster
really good game
Good stuff
This game is really good. The coins should be just for the game power-ups. That is my only complaint. Besides that, great and addictive game!
Great game just wish I could play alone sometime;)
I wish I could play against phone
I love this game I play it all the time. My only complaint is that there's a coin limit. You should at least be able to win some coins or even 1 for winning a game. That would make it allot more fun too.
pretty good for when your bored at work. just wish there was a computer to play against instead of waiting for someone to finish a round
Have problems with the game slowing during play, most times stopping.  Otherwise, great game to play with friends.
Love it!! Heaps fun!!
I absolutely love this game! Its highly addictive and it teaches me words! BUT I agree that there should be a shorter waiting period to get more coins. Other than that I love how the game matches me with random players at my current level.
Love this game im 100% addicted.!
Good game. I agree that the time frame for receiving coins should be lowered. That aside, god times.
Great.
Good
Great game!
Seems to run a little slow on my Android
The game is great, very similar to old games that were on some websites games channels years ago but playing against someone u know make it a lot better. The app is sometimes slow and glichy though.
Love this game
Fun
works good
This is very addicting
best words game ever
This game is so addicting and so much fun. Wish I could earn more coins tho.
fun
After ice cream sandwich sound seems to be quirky and skips. Kinda annoying. . Tho ice cream sandwich pretty much ruined my phone completely causing lags and other crap
Love it but would like the coins to only be used for power ups. Also, I think 2 mins is too fast. At least 3 mins like Boggle. Also skips some of my words.
Love it but would like the coins to only be used for power ups. Also, I think 2 mins is too fast. At least 3 mins like Boggle. Also skips some of my words.
The tokens suck!!
Love it
Burns battery. Need more coins.
Very good
Addictive & fun! The  complaints would have to be the amount of coins one gets! Why pay to get more coins if the game is "free"?!.. And I dont like that I have to wait 20 min. To get 1 coin back. Other than that.. Great game.
It does freeze a lot but it's really fun game.
Love this game! Very fun and quick. Only thing is it does freeze up at least once per game.
Love it! Except u cant wain coins and you have to wait forever to get them
This is a simple, fun and semi addicting game.
Great game love it
Great game love it
A lots of fun
Fun game, especially when you beat your mother in law!! LOL
...but just a new take on an old game. Play with someone with a good vocab and you will have tons more fun!
Can't stop playing! Love it!!
It's fun when you have someone to play and seeing how many words you can find.
Very addictive!!!! Can freeze up from time to time but overall, a great game.
Great game. Only problems are the occasional force close and screen freeze that keeps the clock running but will not allow you to play
Great game wish I could  play against the computer
Love this game!
Fun game very addictive. Big down, side this game freezes alot!
I love this game. I just wish it would actually scramble the letters. Scramble should actually mean scramble not rotate.
I feel like I am making the same words over and over sometimes. My only complaint.
Keeps your mind active!
I wish that there was a way to earn more coins, more games per day by playing.
Fun!
Quite addicting
Good challenging game...keeps your mind active and the eye hand coordination is a good way to spend game time, vocabulary and spelling are challenged...only draw back is the tokens..they go fast.
Super fun, and highly addictive. Hard to get the hang of, but once you've got it you wont want to stop!
Fun game!
Pretty fun I just don't like waiting for opponents
Best game ever
Woulda gave 5 stars but need a way to get coins for free!!! Takes 20 mins to get just 1 coin
Game
Works fine most of t the time fun game game crashes my phone occasionally
Love it!
Great game
Fun, fun, fun!  Did I mention fun?
Great game.
It's okay, but they could make it better
fun game!
Super fun. No bugs.
Love playing this...reminds me of playing BOOGLE as a kid! Occasionally has a problem and forces closed.
You should be able to see what helps the opponent uses.
Not bad. Keeps you on your toes!
very fun
Glad I was put on to this game....But now I'm ADDICTED!!! LOL
Freezes and lags on occasion but works for the most part. Awesome game. LG Optimus.
I think people are liars though..cuz I'm getting my butt handed to me regularly.
Luv the game but causes my phone to freeze
I am enjoying this games. Thumbs up.
Love this game... Coins go too fast... Sucks that you have to wait so.long for a club to.play but other than that love it!
Fun and addictive
Need more tokens to play
Nice quick game.
Great game..awesome fun playing wid frends...20 mins is way too long to wait for a coin, though!!
Fun game to play. I play against my hubby and its quite funny just how many words we both come up with that are different but we stay neck n neck on scoring.
I rate ut 4stars only because the game force closes so frequently otherwise it would be 5
Definitely fun and addicting!
Love it!
One of the best social game on smartphone! Had loads of casual yet competitive fun with family and friends. However I'm using S2 Gingerbread, and this game seems to eat up a huge chunk of my ram, it doesn't even free them up after exiting. Zynga PLEASE FIX THIS. Otherwise, 5 stars! Cheers
Would have given a 5 star if more gamers participated
The interface is a little confusing. I sometimes start games unintentionally and returning to the main menu after playing a round is also not clear cut.
Game freeze alot .. Lose time in the game.. Love the game overall..
very fun! :) Love it. But it keeps crashing on my Galaxy Ace and I had to keep taking out the battery and restart my hp....
Makes me want to go buy the real game. Just hate that you have to wait for tokens. Otherwise awesome.
Learning all kinda of new words while trying to compete with my friends.
Love it!!  Very addicting...The only negative is it causes my android phone to freeze once in a while.
I love it except for we should get more tokens in a time frame less than 20 mins per token.
Fun games, fast game works great!
I get bored very easily as well as the fact that i use games to fall asleep. I love this and my other zynga mobile apps. Only possible issue I see is that some people, like myself only play once a week.
Love it
Fun game it shoulkd just have mmore coins for more games
Love this game... Very addicting.. Wish you could earn stars with every win.
It'saddicting!!
Goof game
It takes time to become creative with words but you'll get out
I love this gameeee! the only thing is you have to wait a few minutes until you get your coins.
So far so great.
Awesome
Great fun great up date.
Great game, fast, fun and love to beat my wife.   Wished the coins came faster.
Likes the game
Can't get tired of this game!! Very good!!
Whole family enjoys the game
Pretty cool
Coins should be given when you win. We certainly see enough ads!
Love the game ....need coins a little faster
Helps to pass the time with friends.
Fun game sometimes freezes up but over all I like the game....
Great
Wish u did not have to use tokens to play each game,
****
Love the game but what's up with lack of opportunity to play?  You can run out of tokens or simply Max out opponents which is so frustrating.  Why not just let us play when and as long it is convenient for us?
Great, it's just like boggle but with more points. Just wish there was a way to check definitions at the end of the game
No complaints. Good time killer
Love it
It is a good game. Well worth downloading.
It freezes to much for me
Freezes lot but awesome game
Great game live it freezes some time but all you together great.
Fun game very addictive just wish that you got coins faster & you could what ever inspirations that u wanted.
Love this game!
I am still a little slow, but still love the challenge, when I play random opponents.
Love this game. Very addictive. Also, love the update.
Love the game but I have one question:  sometimes there is a speech bubble over the game.  It is NOT a conversation with my opponent because when I check the conversation there is nothing.  Can someone please explain because this happens a lot.
Love the game but It would be nice if you won something like more coins as a reward for winning so that you can play more
Just which u could play as one player
Great game..
Sometimes it runs kind of slow... but this game is addicting!!!!
Love the app! The coin thing stinks tho! Idk why they make you have to complete the purchase thru Google Wallet, it doesn't work! GW doesn't have a supported app on most Android phones. If you can't get into the app from your phone, you can't obtain a GW "Pin", therefore rendering it a useless effort to purchase more coins! Make your Entire app support all the devices that can download it, have an alternate chkout method, GW doesn't work on a wide range of devices.
So addictive! I love this game
Its fun it just freezes a lil bit but its still fun
Good but freezes
Love this game.
For the most part, it is a fun game. Sometimes it seems like the game cannot keep up with the speed of my finger. Lol. So,  it has locked up on me a few times.
I can't get enough of this game. I love playing all the time.
Love it! Wish the coins didnt take 20min a piece though! No other complaints
Very addictive,competitive helps pass the time
Fun and enjoyable game but the token system is quite outrageous and limits you from playing
Awesome. I don't know why there's a need to earn coins though. Kind of lame- I'd play a lot more if I didn't need to wait for coins.  Otherwise I highly recommend :)
Love This Game!!!
Fun!
Fun and addicting game!
Great game but wish i didnt have to wait so long for tokens
Never give a 5...
I love this game
Nice time killer. coin generation is a bit slow. Too many ads :-(
If it kept records I would give it a 5
Good
Good game. Would be better without coins and power ups.
Great game! Brain teaser and great competition
Great and addicting game. Don't like waiting for the coins to refill to play but its better than paying for the coins. It would b nice if we can cancel games with players who are not active.
Players should be dropped if they don't move within three days.If u are at your limit and u have people holding your play up its really frustrating.
Love it!
Love this game.... Great for kids, and adults
Will not let me login anymore... please fix! Username is #STEELERSNATION
it's awesome but u hav 2 coins
This game is addictive!
Its a good game I enjoy it.
Love it!
Great Game
Love playing this game, once u start u just cant stop
Its ok no problems so far
Love this game! A cool combination of Scrabble and Boggle. I would like to have more time per round. I often get caught at the end of a round when I still see many more words.
Fun game
Fun game
It's awesome
Highly addictive game, I enoy it very much. Like someone else mentioned I wish there was a practice mode you could play without having to wait on an opponent.
Great game guys!
Doesn't let you delete inactive games and a few other bugs. Otherwise great and super addictive games.
A fun game to play with friends. Only disappointment is that you don't earn free coins every 20 mins if you've bought coins, if you've got more than 15 left, then you don't earn freebies.
Truly entertaining app. Lots o'fun and very user friendly. Free app so no way I could bash the game but... would easily rate it 5 stars if coin regeneration time was lowered, say to 10 minutes instead of current twenty minutes in between coins. I know that developer would like some revenue and it is worth purchasing the extra coins but I would enjoy quicker coin transfer. Aside from this the game is a definite KEEPER.
Continuously played this for months. Simple game but great
Would hv been better with move to sd card feature and low memory usage
YYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I love this game. Wish I can play myself when waiting on others ...
I really enjoy playing this. I even have my little one hooked :)
I like it I just wish I had the option to play constantly and with an opponent
Great game...just hate the limits.
Just don't like the whole coin thing, I always have to wait so long to get more coins and I'm not buying any either.
I really like this game/app but I hate how I run out of coins and I cant play any more at all...unless I buy coins. Dislike!
FUN.
Its fun..works well
See above
Fun!!!
Fun but needs. More coins   !
I really enjoy playing. Need to add coins faster though. Hate waiting for coins to refill.
Good game good fun will keep you coming back for more...
Love this game
Very fun and worth downloading!
Awesome
Freezes my phone from time to time but worth it.
One of my favorites!!!
its fun, quick and easy.
Its very nice to play on my samsung transform ultra especially after the last update great to kill time just sometimes your opponents take too long to play
Its very nice to play on my samsung transform ultra especially after the last update great to kill time just sometimes your opponents take too long to play
Love this game for the most part...except for the slight delay sometimes.
Fun and engaging. I wish u didn't have to play according to a coin system, which needs to be replenished with money when used up.
Game works great.  It runs smooth, workable graphics, and rarely crashes.
Fun to play with friends, great competition and challenging.
Great fun. Fast pace
Loads of fun, easy to play.
Wish I could play against a computer sometimes.
I love this game!
I love it
Great game, although frustrating when my sister keeps thrashing me! Wish it had a practice option so you don't have to keep starting new games just to practice. Otherwise would have given 5 stars.
Just  a little repetitive
Good game, but on Samsung Galaxy Ace is continues to freeze or the screen will go black. I then have to tak my battery out and start my phone out again. It would be 5/5 if it was fixed :)
Love the game....addictive
I love it!
I love the game it is really addictive only complaints if someone is waiting for you it only remind you once
great game
Finding this one particularly addictive.
This game I just love!  I just wish it would be a little easier for beginners.  Because in the beginning it's just really hard for people who have never played it before  to get the hang of it. Maybe they could have it get harder as you progress in the game. I think definitely get the free version. It's just not worth  it to pay  $1 for a game when there's practically no difference between it and the free version which is just as good. Over all great game with 1 flaw!
Love the game.  So addicting.
Little freezing up but it's amazing
Older so I dont think as fast but fun and stimulating.
Don't like having to have tokens to play
V
This app is really fun
It needs unlockables like Hanging With Friends does. Leveling up, or something like that, would be cool. Game is a 5 for its gameplay but overall I will go with a 4 because theres always room to improve. I plan to change it to 5 in the future.  :)
Fun
Love playing this game. I don't like waiting for coins.
Great game.
Its a fun game!!
Great fun
The game lags a lot and takes quite some time to start up. Sometimes it freezes in the middle of a game, which is quite irritating.
Addicted. Wish there was a way 2 play alone 2 practice or get  extra coins when win.	Otherwise enjoy.
Great game! I bought coins but I feel I should still collect free coins when I have waited the 20 minute refresh period. Maybe divide them into groups so you know how many free coins you have vs paid coins.
It's a lot of fun but asking you to pay for tokens is ridiculous. They make you watch the stupid ads anyway. Need play CPU option.
great game, lots of fun & a little thought process
This is a fun game. I wish there was a way to practice.  4/5
Addictive.. have had it six months and still play everyday!!!
Awesome, ocassional crashes though
Love it!
I play my girlfriend. She beats me pretty bad sometimes ... but I'm getting better. She is a lot smarter than me though.
Awsum, addictive playing  Be. nice to play solitary like we used to play long ago.
Fun app
I agree with other users - you should be able to cancel games against non-responsive user much sooner. (like within 3 days vs the current 7 days) Also I think the player with the highest score at the end of the game should win a few coins - it'd be good incentive for people to finish games. And anyone who is the victim of a non-responsive player should receive the cons back they wasted against that player.
Love it! So addicting only downfall is all the pop up ads.....otherwise super fun!
How I wish I cld just play alone. It's a long wait for another player at times.
Love this game but it can take several days to complete. Once you make a move, the person you play against may take several days to make their move so I get fed up and resign the game
Good game!!!
You'll be obsessed.
Great game. Addictive
Fun game. Took one star off for crashing a lot, even when I'm not in the program. But it's an easy fix, just say yes to force close and try again.
Great game but needs personnel stats ie games won/lost.
Sometimes no sound
Highly addictive...when it workS :(
Making chat easier would be a nice touch for a "5" from me
Terrible. Worst lagging game pin google play
Besides the force closing it is an ok game ..
great game.
This game is addictive
Pity it takes so long between turns. Works well, no issues.
A good game that makes you think and it helps to pass the time!
I play every chance I get. I wish there were a way to earn more time per game.
Lots of ads...but very addicting
Makes you think alot and know how to spell fun game over all.
A really awesome game to play when you're bored! I haven't had any problems with it.
I don't really understand the coins, etc but it's a fun game.
More coin allowance please
Fun game. But the lag time is unreal. Whether its loading or in the middle of game play. The game can't keep up. Please fix
Good
Couldn't open at all today!
El juego esta sper entretenido.
This is a fun game...love the new option hope they keep it as an option
This game is GARBAGE!  Been waiting for a long time for an update so this game wouldnt screw my phone.  Got the update and no improvement.  I hope this game and its creators get herpes... Droid X2
Fun game but...waiting for players to take their turn sucks.
Its a pretty ok game...
love it! great brain exercise!
My limit is two games at a time.  Because after that my phone (Galaxy Ace) freezes and it's really tedious to take out the back cover and pull out the battery EVERY SINGLE TIME.  It's a shame because this game is so addicting, but that's what is stopping me from giving this app five stars.
Love the game my only complaint is that you can't keep playing with new players. Once you hit your max you, can't add new players even if the players that you've played with at least once who don't want to continue to play  -  you can't delete those dormant players.
Too laggy.. better the winner get an award such extra coins.. or summary of games with the opponent. But this game is addictive
Fun to play.  A lot of the same words are played in each game.  Power ups are fun too.
Super fun and addictive - I spend too too much time playing it in 1 thing I really like about it is at least the free version you can play if you run out of coins - probably to prevent repetitive motion injury suits.
Improving my vocabulary as well...the downside is that players hv to wait 20mins to get 1token...
Very addictive
Love it
Its fun and a Herat game when your Bored
Its fun and a Herat game when your Bored
Very fun and addicting game
I love this game, but its stealing time and constantly freezing. Other than that a very wonderful and addictive game to play.
Fun but frequently having to "force close".
This is a pretty good game, although the coin limitations on gameplay are annoying, if you are hardcore and cheap, avoid this game
game its fun. it would be nice if the coins were faster.
Sometimes my opponents 2nd game is skipped.
Best game ever!
Games r good but the ads after every round r ridiculous. Especially the video ones.
Games r good but the ads after every round r ridiculous. Especially the video ones.
I love this game!!!
sometimes it crashes but for the most part it's pretty fun
Great, addicting game just wish u got coins faster... *thats my only complaint*
Fun and challenging!
I love it. Wish it had a solo mode u could play while u wait for your tokens
good game. keeps your brain going.
good game. keeps your brain going.
good game. keeps your brain going.
Its addicting. Love it !!! But does crash alot on my tablet and my galaxy phone
A few bugs but overall a good time
this game is well designed and addictive... I do wish they would give you a practice mode and daily bonus for spelling certain words.... the game crashes much less after updating to ice cream sandwich
Very addictive.
Would like to see the ability to accumulate more coins.  Also be able to play solo.
When I play this game I get an average of 165 points, when other people play me they get between 235-255 points but I don't consider myself thick!?
Great game when it works properly. Occasional freezes, and need to purchase coins to play a bit annoying. The coin cycle time is a bit too high, and the ads are a little much, still a great game though!
So far its fun, I keep hoping I'll get better...
This game is super fun great way to pass the time
This game is super fun great way to pass the time
Love it all.  Only complaint is that I wish I could delete or resign from unfinished games when opponent doesn't play and its not my turn.
5 stars if they removed the ads.  Highly addictive.
Except for the wait to get tokens....this game can get you going..........
So fun! Love this game. Just wish you could get coins to play quicker.
Love it!
It' s just fun
Awesome and addictive. Would have given 5 stars if it weren't for the coins. It slows the game play down have to wait for coins to play.
This game is great!
love it..
Love it! I wish there was a single player mode. I agree with comment below i wish you could exit the game without affecting your score when others are not playing
Lots of fun, but pauses at the most inopportune times :-(
A little more time wouldn't hurt. ; )
Automatically signes me out every time I end the app
Please make a single player mode so users can play all they want.....would actually buy coins for that!!!!  Great game but for that one thing.
Please make a single player mode so users can play all they want.....would actually buy coins for that!!!!  Great game but for that one thing.
I enjoy playing....
I love this game
I love this game
Very fun game, it works my brain but its really slow the more people you play and I have to do the option whole set up twice before I play because it keeps going back. Also I dont like how you can invite someone to play again and they can too...good game tho
Fun
Love it
I enjoy this game keeps my mind fresh.
Better than words with friends. Lots of fun!
Great game.....would love to have free coins offer sooner.
Great game.  The only problem is some people quit playing in the middle of a game ( I am NOT talking about resigning - they just don' t finish the game).  The result is that I can only play a couple of games while I wait for these games that were not completed to be removed by the company (some of these games have been stopped for over 7 days).  I cannot start new games until these games in limbo go away.
Need to add more grids with different letter layouts. I play so much that i swear i've seen some of the same layouts several times.
Fun, fast, and easy! A great way to play.
Love this game so addicting! Please put a practice or solo mode would love that! And it looks like I'm not the only one. It would be a 5 with that.
Just wish u could play more games at once, delete games when ur waiting too long, and accrue more coins in a shorter period. Other than that, lotsa fun! :-)
Good
Lots of fun!
Great game!!!
Fun game to play against people you do and don't know. App itself works fine. Slows down the phone a little but nothing major.
Its gd fun...it has been my old time favorite game...me n my son both enjoy it....
I love this game! Hate when my coins run out. Ugh. Overall WONDERFUL
Addictive game
Fun game!! Its just like boggle!!
I love playing this game very much. A lot of fun plus a good way to pass time by.
Good game lots of fun very fast
Great game the coins just limit your play
Needs more tokens
Great game, gave it four stars because i think it needs a practice round...
I'm really enjoying this game just hate the limited play tokens.
Very fun and instantly addictive. Be sure to get your tokens.
Play with friends to pass da time. Nvr win but still. Nvr play against ur girlfriend or a teacher, u nvr win.... -_-
Can't stop playing. I wish the bonuses didn't use coins though.
Love it!
Great game I like that you don't have to wait forever for someone to play its fun
Just wish there were more tokens! :(
Great game n addicting! Just one change that will make it better.. The winner of the whole match should win at least an automatic 2 coins to continue playing, winners shouldn't have to wait the whole day to play :)
Have a great time playing against my kids! learning and it's so fun! Fun competition with each other. Some lag in game otherwise it would be a five.
Easy
Good game but freezes too frequently.
I am personally against any "cheat" or help features.
Fun.. Addictive.. Would like if the scramble help would mix the letters better than flipping them
Love it!
Love the game dont like how long it takes to get new coins..but the game is very fun
Don't understand the script with the coins......pointless!
Love this game!
Need more players!!
Very addicting, love playing this game with my friends
Very addicting, love playing this game with my friends
This game is addictive.  I enjoy playing with people I don't know & retaining anonymity.  Also, the fast pace makes the game thrilling and fun.  I'd love a challenge round forcing players to step their game up & winners should get some bonus coins!
Pretty cool idea very user friendly app.
Super fun!
This game is lots of fun. Can be difficult to deal with small letters/buttons on phones; but is great for tablets. Love it.
It's quick, fun, and challenging. If you like Words with Friends or Scrabble you'll like this too.
Only wish I could see a list of words I've played during the timed game, not just afterwards.
Only wish I could see a list of words I've played during the timed game, not just afterwards.
Addicting! <3 love it! But freezes up my phone. !
The only problem I have with this game is waiting 20mins for one token :-(
The game is great.....hut it keeps locking up my phone...wth?
Great game
Get to learn new vocabs Surplus use brains  Fun nd best for tp
This game is so adicting!!
My mom always plays and she got me hooked on it!! Lol
Just like boggle. The ads suck. Can be kind of slow too.
Addictive, very fun but I gave it 4 stars because it causes my phone to lag :(
Does not always notify you when it is your turn.
I love playing this game. I can play games with my friends and my relatives who live far await. It keeps us in touch.
This game is fun and challenging. I just wish it was a version you can play alone.
With only 3 rounds you must be super quick. Though Playing at your own pace for this kind of game is not really my idea of fun, totally worth downloading
I really like this game but it wont connect with my Facebook friends so im waiting forEver for any random opponent ...????
Great game but too many of same letters in every puzzle
Love this game just wish  you didjt have to wait for new coins and more words were accepted
What a great game for long trips.
5 stars if have more free coins!
Great app to link up with family & friends for some educational fun. Should allow (1) player practice mode though.
LOVE THE GAME. WORKS GREAT ON PHONE.
This is a really fun, fast-paced word game. Only problem is that you only have a certain amount of coins and you need coins to play. After playing 3 rounds, you have to wait an hour a half to play another round.
Lots of fun
not bad..but can get slightly tedious
It lags or freezes now and then
I'm a beginner at playing this game but it's lots of fun. Keeps you alert and increases sharpness! Try it you'll like it!
Very addictive, keeps me up all night
Addictive...beware!!  :) just wish I could find the rules again
Fun, but the coins are annoying
Its a wonderful game ,but its hard to figure out hhow to end a game you dont won't to play anymore
....few, if any, technical shortcomings. But beware, as it's so addicting it can easily take over your life!
Gets the brain worling
I like it
Simply a delight to play I just wish the coins were giving out in a shorter time period instead of the time set. Besides that I have no problems with the game its good to play against my friends so I get bragging rights.
this game is fun & addicting! im hooked. bad thing is...when you have too many games open & when there are games where the opponents clearly aren't going to play when its been a week or so since you joined the game. I can't get it to let me quit it! needs to be fixed!
Really fun game although it freezes up while I try to make words and causes me to get low score
Addictive. Love it.
It would be five if I was better at it!
Would b better if u didn't have to use coins to play a game, just for the extras...seems frivolous...
Fast and fun game to play. Would give 5 star if players are allowed to cancel games that are waiting too long.
Love this game.
I really enjoy playing this game! I wish they would allow you to cancel games you start with friends that don't play you back or lift the limits on games you can start. My game is full of rounds waiting for people to play their turn and I can't start any new games. We should be able to cancel rounds that have been sitting there for days. No fun when I can only play a couple rounds a day.  Also I wish they had a practice mode so you could just play for fun while waiting on friends to play their turn.
Just hate having to wait on games...can't have it all.
Only problem is it freezes..
Very addictive
Game keeps crashing with latest update
If you give coins when you win a round ill change it to 5 stars
Fun game!!
Would be five but you need to wait for or buy coins to play. That should only be for the items. Pretty annoying.
I love this game! So glad to learn we can resign a game in progress since some players are so nasty. I wish they'd up the number of games we can start, all in all, I love it though!
Will you remove that irritating F1 William's racing game ads from the middle of the screen please?
Adrenalin pumping
Love this game!
Wish u could delete games when people dont play but otherwise loads of fun. Like Boggle
Fun!
Would b really awesome if they added sum more words.....but its extremely addictive & if i didn't have a job i would play it all day!!!!:-)
So amusing, easy to use. Only problem is those stupid coins you have to use to play.
No issues not too addicting nice to come back to every once and a while
Fun to play
Good game
I have the free version and the one I paid for and there is no difference in the ads.... Frustrating...... Also there is one particular ad that I can't even get out of....... Please fix this.... On a positive note..... The game is one of the best out there!!
Addicting
the Greatest
Loves me some scramble
i love this game it is addicting....:)
I luv this game!
My fav new game.  Tokens are a pain.
Awesome just another good game too play with friends
This game is fantastic! I would only change one thing, i think that if you win you should be able to earn more coins. Besides that, this game is really fun!
Game is fun but need more than 2 minutes
give more coins
Would be better if there was a single player mode instead of constant online.  Make that happen and 5 stars are yours Xx Ps. Works brilliantly on my S2 Xx
It is a fun game with no pesky ads. Its really cool to play on an Android phone because you can glide over the letters.
Wish it didnt have to use coins to play....using coins to but the hints is ok but just to play sux.....but overall its a fun game
Love it....addictive stuff !
Love this game! Just wish you didn't need coins to play!
Fun game good concept.
Could use some extra coins..
Love it.  Would have given 5 stars but sometimes causes phone to lock up.
Great Game.
Love this game. Does hang now and then when playing fast. Besides that really enjoy. Thanks
This game is probably the most fun game i've played on the market, everytime i run it it causes my phone to be extremely laggy.  The only way to get it to start working correctly is to do a battery pull.  Taskkillers help the lag, bu they dont completely get rid of it.  I also can only do a round or 2 before the lag gets so bad that my round clock goes from like a minute left then lags out and the round is over.  It is so frustrating at times to deal with, but when it is running good,this is by far the best
Fun keeps the mind sharp
Love this game so quick. Very enjoyable
Good game play quick and controled kept the fifth star because it takes 1 day to find an opponent and another day to wait for them to take their turn maybe try a group room dinamic so play isn't based on if they are paying attention or not
Works well!
No tokens would be better because or atleast play alone for free or else this app is excellent
I get impatient waiting for people to move!
Love this game....needs more words though
Add me for games.. app is great but i hate that u have 2use ur coins for games and it takes a while 2 get coins back
Love the game but sometimes it freezes
Great way to pass the time. Helps sharpen your spelling skills & makes you think about words with more than for letters.
Good game helps burn time
Boggle anywhere without the noisy shake of cubes
Good game.
Lots of fun...
Glad resign was added. Still hate the coin system. Overall it's still fun & addictive
Wish we didn't need coins but really fun and challenging.
Slows down and freezes phones a lot
I really like this, I play against my family and friends. Loving it. :-)
Love to ply this game
The app is engaging and user-friendly. I haven't experienced any problems using it.
Fun
I love this game.
It would be cool if you could just play the game by yourself. Like words with friends pass and play.
Good game however does not update games fast enough
It force closes most of the time.. please fix.. thank you! :)
Fun game I play with my husband great fun
I keep getting my butt kicked, but it's still a lot of fun.
Awesome game!!!
Excellent time killer but need to kill the ads pls..
I like it cause its a quick game doesn't take much time. It keeps ya thinking!
Scoring is not right. Had a word shuda been 21pts only gave me 3. Tried to report but help is an endless maze of options...will give 5 stars again when fixed.
I really enjoy this game but no one wants to play with me because I always win (almost) lol
The most addictive word game I have played. Only please come up with a pass to player game mode.  If you do that then I rate it 5.
No problems. Fun game but kind of gets old. Prefer words with friends over this but still a good game.
Addictive. Would be great to be able to resign opponents who dont take their turn within a few days. Or have the ability to begin more games, the ceiling on number of gamea started is low esp.when you're waiting on opponents to complete a.game.
Addictive. Would be great to be able to resign opponents who dont take their turn within a few days. Or have the ability to begin more games, the ceiling on number of gamea started is low esp.when you're waiting on opponents to complete a.game.
Needs to accept more words...then a five.  But overall awesome game.
Love this game!! However, letters are not being mixed up in games. I keep getting the same letter grid every few games. It would be so much better if it allowed more game play! 5 tokens is crazy!!! Id play nonstop if I could, but then there r the tokens
Love the game, my only complaint is that it always crashes in the middle of a game and then the timer resets and I can't remember words I've already done. Done it 3 times now on my current game (Galaxy S2)
FUN!!
Great game but waiting for coins SUCKS!
Fun To Play! But Force Closes Way Too Much. PLEASE Fix It :)
I like the game a lot, too bad it freezes on me mid game
It's very fun and there no spam interruping the game  witch make it way more fun
I'm not really digging the update. When the letters light up I lose concentration
brilliant      but very frustrating
Dont like the coins but it's a great game
Great game but loading gets slow at times.
Works great on my EVO 3D. If you love Boggle than you'll love this. My only complaint would be that I wish that would give you more varied boards, maybe one where there is only 100 words to find as opposed to 300. Would make it more interesting, and more like real Boggle.
would like a better march making and a friends list
I like this game but would like it more if at the 10 second mark my perks don't bounce. They are hard to click on. I also wish that while using the perks it would change the first tiles color yo easily find the starting point.
Good relaxing game.
Fun game .
Superb game but it is now force closing and working really slow.  Even with full service.  Please fix and thank you.
Not to bad. The coins are kinda bull, but besides that, it great!
Love it
Frustrating, but good fun !
It's pretty fun I guess..
It does seem to drain my phone's power really fast though
Pretty cool concept, I like it so far!
LoL would rate higher if I got higher scores... ;)
Fun game!
why my s3 cannot login with facebook account?
I like this even better than the popular "words" game!!
It crashes all the time :-(
Fun but can't start over 21 games and nobody plays with you!!!
Fun but can't start over 21 games and nobody plays with you!!!
Good fun. Never can beat anyone though.
It makes my system slow !
Very fun
This app has improved but the lag time between clicking on the app and seeing the game screen is a bit annoying
Great game
I would have given 4 stars, but it keeps freezing on my Samsung  galaxy S2.
Solid game
5 stars when you can view your stats vs. other players wins losses etc
Cool! I am enjoying this game. I love the new update.
Fun and easy but quite slow to load
Too many "forced close" issues, often does not register selection, slow to load. I love the concept and was a favorite, but recent upgrades are a step in the wrong direction IMO.
Awesome game
Fun game but once ya get into it ya have to stop and wait for coins... annoying
Luv it
Even though I'm not winning as often as I'd like too, this game is still fun and a challenge.  So.....I am lovin it!!  Also, after reading the other reviews, I must add that I'm glad the coins run out because it makes me take the needed break! Then I come right back at it again!
The coins are annoying. The game is fun.
Addictive and fun. Not fond of running out of tokens so quick
I love this game. Have updated my score to 4 stars now than either player can resign from games that are unfinished.
Enjoy this game. I use to like words with friends, but I like the appeal and the timed moves.
Though it is free...more coins cost money.
The tokens thing is a little annoying, but other than that a very addictive fun game!!
Love this game... But I hate it when the letters stick! Sometimes it's hard to find players!
I enjoy this game
Great game however it freezes my phone
I absolutely love love love this game! The only thing is that I wish there were more coins they game you before having to pay for them.
Not quite boggle but it's an enjoyable word game.
This game is pretty fun to play when you have some free time
Great app tat let us hav much more intimate r/s w frenz! ;)
The tokens are silly. And the game has a few glitches. But i love boggle and this is really fun.
like it a lot wish they would give more coins
Cool game but i wish i can just play by itself without inviting friends...
Ok
Ever since my stepmum showed this game to me I loved it! But the only thing is that I wish there was some way to play with a computer or something because it gets tiring and boring having to wait for your friends to do their move. Good game overall.
the game is quick and can be played at ur leisure
Wish there was a way to play solo to get practice.
Wish there was a way to play solo to get practice.
My only issue is the token situation.
Love the game but gave it a 4 because sometimes it sticks. Not sure if its the game or my phone...but hasn't stopped me from playing!
UPDATE:  Upgrades seem to have fixed most of the problems. Still slows down now and then, but at least I can play!   Takes forever to finish one game because I can't ever play. As soon as I hit "play" the game freezes and has to close.
Hours of fun
I like it
would give this a five star but as u have to use a coin to play and its hard to get more im ratin it lower . but otherwise its brilliant xxxx
Game is great gets a little glitchy with me but works fine most of the time.
@Spankdungz
Love the game Boggle and this app brings back some good memories.  I like playing against others but this would also be fun with a solo approach of trying to improve one's score.
This game is really fun and fast paced however sometimes just closes on its own
Still fun thou, wish they had better hints and tips thou, like I said I'm not that good
No app is perfect so i give four stars. Maybe you could have a tournament mode or something. Awesome app though :)
I can't get enough! :-)
Dope!
Love the game. The only fault I found is that I take some words as new and the score is increased for that but those will be already marked by me
Hours of fun!
Love this game. Have been playing nonstop from day to night. A fun game to pass the time especially when you're bored and has nothing better to do.
I'd give this game 5 stars, but you need to use coins for every turn! And it takes 20 mins to get a new coin, unless you want to buy more...I think coins should be used in case you want extra power ups, not just to take a turn. Otherwise great game!
Really fun game. Challenges your brain just a little and keeps you busy at the same time.
The game itself is amazing...its just that sometimes it makes my phone freeze and then it turns off
Great game!
Love love love the game, but the freezing up is very frustrating. Please fix this problem. I have to remove my battery and power up again to get it to work.
Good game but wish u could make it go faster.
It's so fun a lot like boggle but with an interesting twist
I love it but words r repetative n it slows my phone down.
The game is really fun and enjoyable but it crashes on me about once a day.
I really love the game.
Enjoyable and easy to use
Limited open games and can't dismiss games which the opponent never play.
One pf the best I have played yet!!
Love the game. Just hate that I can't keep playing unless u buy more tokens. :(
It's fun to play keep u bush for awhile just wish they had more u could do if u win but other then that it was great
Great time killer!
Nice game, but abit repeatitive
I absolutely luv, luv, luv this game! The only thing that I don't like is that u need tokens to actually play. That, in my opinion, should b changed.
I miss when the words would highlight green when you got a word, but otherwise I love the game!
A few odd words are missing (as in words with friends) and rare crashes, but otherwise very enjoyable.
A few odd words are missing (as in words with friends) and rare crashes, but otherwise very enjoyable.
I love this game! No problems so far...
Want to play more but the coins run out to quickly.
Great game.
This game is addictive! - On the downside, having to wait for tokens is annoying and a pass n play option would be great but love it otherwise.
Absolutely luv the game but the tokens r annoyin!
Sound was buggy. Now off. Wiped out all sounds on Samsung GII. Have to exit via tasks to get it back. Otherwise fun to play.
Fun
Awesome very challenging
It's fun, addictive, and very competitive, but I'll worn other users of Galaxy S II's, it hogs memory (on every phone), but can also shut off your sound for no reason.. But the solution to that glitch seems to be to use the task manager, go to the "RAM" section, and hit clear. Then after about 10 seconds, it should be fine. Other than that, it's a fun game that I would probably recommend.
Just use game to keep the brain active. Have fun with friends in the process.
Need to show how many bonuses opponent is using
Addicting .. super fun.. some words that scramble accepts are questionable .. but overall a great game and good to exercise brain muscles :)
Really like this one. I hardly ever win against most my friends. But learning new words & techniques to finding words every time i play.
its addictive. run
This is a fun game, you can have fun trying to win and learn lol
So far :)
Needs a pass and play, but other than that, great game!
I love this anxiety producing game!
Love this game but it freezes and randomly closes at times!!
Addicted!
Thanks for adding the nudge... How about if you just want to play and can't find anyone you give an option to play the computer... If you win a game you get to keep coins spent to play as a bonus so you can keep playing... Just a thought;-)
I love this game its so much fun and i like competing with my friends and co workers! Love that you can find others to play with aswell great game overall..also works perfect on my galaxy sII.
fun but sometimes runs a little slow on droid x
Not really sure about the coin system, but this is a fun game!
it a great game but it keeps force closing on me.
Fun challenging friends or anyone.
Why token?? Or else cut short the waiting time, others are best!
great game because it helps build more word knowledge and memory.
Great game
Great game
Game is pretty Kool..
It is good since most my friends live somewhere else
Fun game. Works great!
I love this game! It would be better if you could delete games people dont finish & should get more tokens quicker
I love the game but what's the reason for the coins to play?  I feel like I'm playing a jukebox or an arcade game.  Just when I get in a heated showdown I have to wait to have enough coins to play and power up.  I would like to be able to earn coins with sessions achieving a certain point or word level.  At least you feel like you are working toward more than one goal.
I looove this game. BUT, it freezes my tablet and gets "laggy" after a few rounds. I have to reboot or go under settings, running apps, and hit stop... Then reopen the app to start playing again.  It is by far my favorite game, so I am wiling to do this, but pleeeease fix asap! Samsung Galaxy 7" tablet.
Love this game.
The updates are cool.
Love this game...
The game is really addicting, but the facebook syncing doesn't always seem to work.
Hate the coins though
Very addictive and a good way to put your mind in action need more friends :)
But would love to play more than one or two games here & there.... coins need to restock quicker!
if only getting tokens was easier...like they could be banked.  otherwise it's a great game!!
Everythingis good, but sound is disappear without any adjust.i enjoy playing this game
Playing all the time. My only complaint is some times it shuts itself off in midplay.....lose my concentration when I am on a roll!
Very fun
I would give it 5 stars if they had single player (me) instead of having to find someone!
Great game for Word lovers.
But I don't like that you run out of coins and have to wait to play again :(.... Wish they would fix that.
LOVE IT!
The game us fun, but i have been matched with a partner whose name is racially offensive!!!! This is a public company and needs to screen names. I am appauled.
Love the game wish there was more time to find words
Love it , only wish it didn't take so long to get more coins. Otherwise its an awesome game !
If you enjoy word games such as scrabble boggle or upwords, this is the ultimate game for you. What's even more fun is you need to actually play with someone!
Great game
Good mind exercise,very fun !!
Although its been freezing lately, its a real fun game and I love it!
Easy to play, fun game.
Would give 5 stars if didn't have to use coins for rounds
Really good app and it's lots of fun. Would have given it five stars if it didn't take so long to search for an opponent.
I have found it is a bit of a drain on the battery though!
Works great nexus s
Just wish smart match was faster
great game am totally hooked!!!
Love it!!!
Really good fun very addictive!!
Just wish the freezes would be fixed for the LG Thrill. But, love it!
Love it!! Except I'm playing people who get 200 points while I'm getting 500 lol
It is helpful for memory, and just for fun
Very good game. Don't by the tokens. Still a good game.
Good fun on the go and very addictive. Fun to compete with friends too!!
Very good game! Download
Makes u proper think
Love the game . I'm new at it and my friebds beat the snot out of me but I love it.
A fun word scramble game. Wish it would let you delete a game if an opponent takes too long to play, though.
Great game love it
Its a great way to spend game time with friends and family.
So much fun, but if u play too many games in a row, it gets overloaded and slows down, and eventually forces close
I love this game very addictive just wish that it could be played alone or against the computer when there's no one rose to play with
Fun fast paced game
I really enjoy the game. I hope that there would be new power ups aside from the usual one.Thanks developers
Need wait for coins,no bonus when highest score,always no response,no gain for frequent player,no word explanation,but still good fun game.
Allow player to resign If the other player dun respond for more than a week.
This game is fun and super addictive the only thing that sucks is you have to pay a coin  each time to play and it takes 20 min just to get one coin. That's kinda dumb youshould get coins for winning then it would be better. For now 4 stars.
Very addicting lots of fun delay is annoying.
I'm an addict.
I love this game and have to use all my tokens before I stop playing.  The only thing I dont like is ocassionally it doesnt give me tokens like its supposed to do.  I used all my tokens about 2 hrs ago and all I've earned is one token.
Fun!
Easy to play. Fast games. Lots of fun.
Its a fun game although it wont except some words but will except all the swear words LOL
My htc Sensation 4G dies quickly when playing.  Sometimes gets so hot I have to pull the battery out.  But, It's a great game!
Great game, though I feel the words are repetitive.
ID PREFER TO NOT HAVE TO WAIT FOR COINS!  OTHER THAN THAT ITS FUN!
Liver that I can play with friends and family! Game lags a little but still fun!
Addictive!!!
We got coins for finishing games and/or winning.  Addictive, fun, challenging :)  Wish it didn't cost for extra coins.  Works great on Droid 4 and Acer Iconia Tab.
Freezes a decent amount but it's worth it, the game is a lot of fun.
LOVE IT! JUST DON'T LIKE THAT I CAN ONLY PLAY WHEN I HAVE ENOUGH COINS.. :+)
A great mind/brain activity - the only reason it lost 1 star is i want the option to play without the timer, if we had that option, i could easily give this 5 stars
Great to play with my friend from many miles.away. Hasn't crashed either.
love it but would be good if you got tokens as reward for winning
Nyc
I looove this game, but it tends to freeze
Ok game. Not bad
I'm so addicted to this game!!!! I really love the challenge of it.
I love scrambler!! Awesome game to pass the time.
Nice game, very fun.
Why can't these 'with friends' developers figure out a way to get a game going with more than one other friend?
I like playing when I have nothing better to do
Fun game to play with your kids
Need to have a delete for people who are not playing
Great game! i love it....But I also think that we should get a free coin for every game we win..and wait less time for a new coin cuz 20 mins can be a long wait..
I like to play it.
good! a little slow for droids.
Wish I could play more, but I always running out of tokens! I hate waiting for them to accumulate!
great game
Great game
Works great
Fun game but don't like having to wait for coins.  If you could shorten the time to 3-5 minutes that would make it more enjoyable.
i do absolutely love this game! i wish there was a way . to play on my own instead of waiting for my opponents to get back to the game. but instead of that, love this game!
Def a fun game. Just wish if u won the overall game that u could win a coin bc its like u play for nothing bc u win nothing and each round to play costs a coin. Kind of lame but overall a fun game! You guts should fix that so we win something like hanging with friends! More coins please without paying for them. Thanks
love the game just hate that the application slows my whole phone down
Fun
*AlciJill* my username. Play against me
Awesome game to play. Wish there was a way you could play against the computer cuz sometimes it takes ppl a long time to play back if even.
Just stinks that you have to wait for coins or buy them, otherwise fun and addictive enough to remain installed on my phone:)
I really enjoy playing this game
So fun and addicting. I gave it four stars because you never seem to have enough coins!
I love this game but you keep charging more tokens! Now you've cut the amount of tokens!!! Not liking that at all!
The only problem I have is it freezes sometimes!
Addictive!
The game is fun! The only problem is the constant force closing. Very annoying. If they fix that problem I would give it 5 stars.
I love this game; so addicting. I wish there was an option to play vs computer..it would allow for  more practice games.
Awesome game. Thanks for finally adding the "nudge" button.
I would have rated it 5 stars but I hate waiting for tokens. With all the ads, the users shouldn't gave to wait to play.
I love this game, its so awesome I njoy playing.
So addicting, I play a few times a day...
Good learning game.
Great game addicting
Takes too long for more tokens!!!
Great way to pass up time.
Great for young kids and adults.
Very fun
It's a lot of fun. Like boogle. I had to turn off notifications because it was making my phone lag. Wish it didn't take so long to get more tokens. Obviously they want to make $. Who doesn't? Good app!
Love the game, but locks and freezes phone whenever played.
Liking so far just wish you got more coins faster
Love it just learning how to play
Great addictive game, but has some glitches. Constantly says need wifi to run, and won't load, but when it does, is a lot of fun.
Freezes too often. Don't like the tokens. Get advertisers to sponsor.
Love it!
Pretty good. Can lag some.
Great game.  Freezes phone ALOT though. Droid X2.
Lots of fun.
Overall great game...i may not win very many games but still enjoy the competition.  What i would like to see is a stats feature.  Something to show win/lose, highest total score, highest word score or something to that extent.  Once these are available....I'll give it a 5 star rating.
A lot od fun, but freezes a lot
This app loads slowly and is sometimes buggy but it's still super fun.
Love it
Overall this app is basically very functionable but could improve a few features. First off, in the last 10 seconds of the game, your power ups bounce making them much harder to press, defeating the purpose of them moving to remind you they exist, lame. Secondly if you are about to end a round, place your finger on a letter and leave it there past the time limit, you will be allowed to make one last word off the letter you pressed.
Overall this app is basically very functionable but could improve a few features. First off, in the last 10 seconds of the game, your power ups bounce making them much harder to press, defeating the purpose of them moving to remind you they exist, lame. Secondly if you are about to end a round, place your finger on a letter and leave it there past the time limit, you will be allowed to make one last word off the letter you pressed.
The game freezes often on the galaxy s2 unfortunately as i love the game. As others hav said u hav 2 go into task manager 2 exit the app as it hogs the cpu and makes fone hot. sometimes by doin this you will suddenly hav less time when resuming the game
Lots of fun and addicting,but you run out of free tokens fairly quickly.   M T
Cut coin replenish time for five stars!
Love the game, but uninstalled it after it started loading video ads, with sound, and a mandatory period where they can't be skipped. Completely unacceptable.
nice
Game is cool but it makes my Electrify crash to much and what's up with the coins?
best game to challenge your mind
Really fun with good service. Sometimes it crashes when playing too fast but very enjoyable.
Really fun with good service. Sometimes it crashes when playing too fast but very enjoyable.
Fuking luv this game
Super fun way to pass time on my commute to work.
Love this game! Wish you could have unlimited coins, but I get it. Money.
Love the game, but hate the limited plays due to coins
Love this game I play it everyday just wish it wouldn't take so long to get our free coins. Otherwise this game is lots if fun!	I love this game!!! Just wish we didn't have to be limited on how many games we can play! Otherwise I love it lots of fun!
Great game but it freeze too many times. Find myself rebooting game a lot.
Fun, addictive, but short. Have 2 get alot of games goin @ 1 time 2 really njoy
Fun and addictive game. Good time waster. No problems on my HTC Desire.
Love playing it. Addictive to the point of cannot stop playing. Cant you reduce 20mins to 10mins so we get more game play. I can see why you dont as those who cannot wait buy coins to continue playing.
Very fun. I love playing. It does freeze up sometimes and I have to restart game and/or phone
Fab game just annoyed bit the unavailability of a delete option for old games..Grrrr
This one of the best word games around, if you enjoy Scrabble then this is a must have app.
Fun, runs nicely on my android,  get power ups. Only downside I can find is: If opponents don't play their turn there is no way to resign,am and you can only have so many open games.
great game. freezes/slows sometimes. not entirely sure if that's the game or my phone.
Can i play on my own??? Beat my best score? Tht would be great
Difficult to find friends by username
Enjoy playing the game but dread waiting on the coins to build up
Luv it
I like the game but the coins are the only set back.
Really fun to play! only problem is that sometimes it crashes...but not often...
Thanks for another great game! My only suggestion to make it so regular coins were used and paid for coins were bonus when those were gone............ I would buy coins more often if the daily coins were used and then paid for coins were used.
I can't stop playing this game.
I'm not too good at it though I could use a little more time :-)
Fun
This is a good game to challenge you with word identification asking with the time pressure. It performs reliably with my Samsung Galaxy. However, in order to keep playing you have to buy more tokens our play very slowly.
Love this game. Worth the download!
Love the game but coins get over too fast.....
Sucks that u have to wait or pay for tickets if I run out
Few glitches from time to time but all in all solid app.  Better than wordswithfriends.
Should give new letters but whatever. Still fun.
Great app! But you have to buy coins, no bueno.
Great ap but wish that there were no limits on how many active games you can have when you still have mass coins. Also when someone doesn't finish their game with you they air on your list taking up space and you have no way of resigning the game. Lame!
Has alot of freezing that leads to other problems so annoying I uninstalled. But I do love the game its awesome. Needs improvement though
Love the game except for having to wait on more coins..
Fun game!  I'm new so not real sure how to play but I'm learning.
Awesome... Addictive.
Fun to play, but slows down my HTC at times.
fun game
Great game . Only wish there was a way to get out of games when people are not playing instead of resigning .
It's addictive...
I really like this game
Way better  Thin words wit friends but cn get borin afta uh while
Love this game!!!!!
Wud have awarded 5 stars if not for the token limitations. Wud be better if they were only required for power-ups not play, & one really should earn tokens for winning. I mean, it's very frustrating to have to wait so long for token regeneration & the cost of token purchases are far too expensive imo. Otherwise, the game is fantastic! Well done.
A lot of fun ! (:
Like playing this game, just like boggle from when I was a kid
Great game, keeps you sharp.
Hate how much wait time there is for your coins to fill up, but it is free
Lots of fun...wish it would be able to play more without having to wait for coins
Must have app to play against mates or friends
Fun but shuts down too much.
Coins should only b needed for power ups! Other than that its cool
Fun Game!!!
Fun but can only play 3xs. You will have to buy coins to play more.
Simple fun. Too long delays and pop ups. Money money money.
Game runs slow on my Droid Charge, but I think that's the device, not the app.  The powerups add a bit of strategy to the game.  Casual word-gamers will enjoy this.
Fun game, play almost everyday.
Very cool game
This game is addicting!
It's another great socially addictive game!
Totally awesome  and highly addictive! Hangs up sometimes though.
There should be a way to earn tokens rather then having to buy them.
Lots of fun. Challenging. Haven't gotten bored with it yet. Similar in some ways but different than Words with Friends.
Way too many ads. Annoying.
Great game to play when you have a few minutes.
Fun game that you can play against others and enrich your brain!
Great competitive game.  Only drawback is that my game stops a lot and i have to reset.
I love it alot
Love it
You learn new words Ever time
Great game much like the classic Boggel. Would be 5 stars but want to be able to delete off past games or for those opponents who dont play of take ages to play.
I really like this game, tho i am discovering if i dont get faster i may not like it much longer. That is definitely my problem and not yours. Great game.
It's a fun game but wish it didn't freeze and we won coins for winning!
I was playing woth my friend,the pop up notif to indicate my turn was a bit lag in time..shud work on that
It wud b nice to b able to delete inactive players before the current time limit automatically does so.  Also, it wud be good to be able to resign from a game on their turn if needed.
I can't stop playing, well until I run out of tokens! Lol! Very addictive!
I enjoy word games and this one is so much fun. The timing makes it a challenge and also keeps it from being a huge time waster. Wish there were a few more tokens or less time to regenerate them. All in all I'll keep playing.
Very fun!
Freezes often
Weird scoring but fun
Great game love it
Just wish it didn't run out of coins so fast.
Love it but should get coins for winning, I refuse to ever buy coins
The coins run out fast but the game is fun.
Waiting time is long though.
Very addictive game but more than once, the game I'm playing suddenly stops three quarters into the game and restarts around the minute mark when I resume the game. I lose my train of thought and I don't know which words it didn't save and have to redo again. Please fix. But it's still an awesome game.
Good game, sometimes freezes halfway through but enjoy it
It will be better to give a coin in less time than almost 30 min...
Fun
Like the game and can be challenging to play.  I have 2 items I would like to share. The first is the feeling of being treated unfairly.  I have payed for more coins after realizing a person can rack up the games.  However, I don't get the token allotment each day, or whatever time limit is set. that go to everyone else who just so happens to be not paying to play.  It seems unfair. I should be getting my free tokens along with  everyone else. I certainly play enough to use up both kind of tokens.
Pretty fun, can be challenging and time goes by quick when playing it. Wish the extra coins were cheaper or more coins for the money but a pretty fun game.
Freezes from yime to time but great app
Its great
Like it better then words with friends
I like it alot
Love this game but the sound keep going out in the middle of the game. Only easy the fix it is to go the apps, settings amd do a forced close on the AP before start the next rounds.
I gave the game only 4 stars instead if 5 because I think the cost of coins are too high. I really do enjoy the game
Funtimes
This game is so fun. It just freezes sometimes. It also runs in the background a lot. I always have to stop it so it doesn't eat up my memory. Other than that I love it.
Very good game. Sometimes slow.
It's addictive and a lot of fun.
Really fun but like I'd like an app like this with one player only cos I don't want to waste all my internet usage
I have the droid x2 and have had a hard time loading sometimes, other times plays great.  My phone will freeze up, and I will to pull the battery out and restart....fix plz!
Very fun game, need to mix letters better and reward coins quicker
Seriously this is a must play everyday! Love everything about it! Brilliant!
Love the game.  Lots of fun and helps eveyone work their brain.  But i don't understand the point of the coins.  Let us just play for goodness sakes.
I enjoy this game and being able to chat while playing is fun too!
Very addicting. Wish we didn't have to wait for coins though.
Game works fine but ad pop ups suck however they are clean ads
Other than freezing its a great game.
It's fun, wish I could earn free coin faster...
Was a great game. Now includes video ads which play between rounds and which attempt to force you to watch them. They actually have the gall to try to PREVENT you from exiting the program until you've let the ad play fully.  Avoid at all costs until this is corrected
This is really fun. Can't stop playing it.
Fun game to play with friends!
Its a fun game but it freezes up at time
Its a cool game
Screw the coin system being a problem, I don't play that much and don't feel the need to waste my money on them. Just be patient! They have several other, fun "With Friends" games to choose from while you wait on coin regeneration. The "smart match," on the other hand, isn't matching me with people with my skill-level. So, if anyone averages 60 words per game, play samilovesscats. I need a challenge!!
I really love this game! It's my favorite game!!!!!!!
Really fun
Great game
Very smooth and well made app. I've been playing with friends and strangers daily for a few months.
Love this game
I love playing this game, but it does not work on my LG Ally! It won't even load and makes all my other apps not work either! Would give it 0 stars if I could! Deleted!
Love this game
Great!
So much fun!
I love this game
Excellent game but hangs sometimes with my HTC Desire c .... Please fix
Love already
sexy
Fun to play
Fun, addicting game!
Best game on android market.
Stresses me out a little cuz its timed, but its fun.
Love this game
This is a great game that will satisfy the competitive nerd in all of us!
Love this game. Very well designed and created. Runs smoothly. Super fun!
Love this game could literally play for hours no problems at all
Love this game. Just wish you didn't have to use coins.
Love this app! The game is fun and the adds are unobtrusive!
Great!
Love this game!! Just wish you would give more tokens instead of having to wait for them or buying them.
great fun!
Best game EVER!!!
I'd like to give it one star...takes up to much time during the day...and night! Great game!
This game is so much fun! One of the best word games in a while.
If after 3 days an opponent doesn't play? The game is dropped. Face it...they are not coming back. Change this please!
I like playing particularly with my kids.  This game has reignited their desires to learn words.
Very fun
It's a okay game pretty tight
Quality game!!
Awesome and Fun!!! <3
Love it
Cool game
Love this game..great past time with fam n friends
Playing with all my family and fb friends. Fun game
I jist wish you didn't have to play it with people
So addictive
Fun and interactive.
Good  game
Passes the time
Very addictive.
If you like this type of word game, this is a great way to play.
I love this application. My girlfriend stumbled across this one afternoon after growing impatient on hanging with friends and hasnt turned back sense. It is digital crack. The best part is that you can look at the combination of words that you didnt find which, for me, makes me look at each puzzle more vividly. FANTASTIC APP.
I love this application. My girlfriend stumbled across this one afternoon after growing impatient on hanging with friends and hasnt turned back sense. It is digital crack. The best part is that you can look at the combination of words that you didnt find which, for me, makes me look at each puzzle more vividly. FANTASTIC APP.
Game is great love it :)
Lots of fun,  and no issues at all with it. !! Thank you
I love the game. My girlfriend and I live I. Separate states. But we play each other all day, everyday.
Good game
Mad nice game
Love the challenge!
Passes time at work! Love it
It is good game. My dad likes pickles!
Anyone who is seeing this should totally download it. its awesome
As others have said, this game is so good it becomes addictive.  I wish though, there was a quicker way of getting tokens.Also being able to resign if you've been waiting for someone to reply for some time, would be great too.
Play all the time.
All STARS game!
Good game...good game
This game is so fun
Fab game xx
Awesome game
I am totaly in love with this game
An excellet casual competitive word game to pass the time and sharpen the mind
Love it so much
Awesome.... I find words that I have never heard of!
Awesome.... I find words that I have never heard of!
Less time on timer. ..or more coins
Love the game!
Some "tips" could be given about the power-ups.
Some "tips" could be given about the power-ups.
Love this game!
Excellent
I love this game. It's great to play either with family, or with friends. It doesn't take up alot of your time at once, but allows you to play when you have a few minutes. :)
Very fun
Favorite game on my cell!!
Great game! Wish I got more coins cause its addictive! :)
I love this game its really addicting and fun
Yes:......
Fun game
I enjoy being victorious, and having competition, and losing, but there just needs to be something you work towards. Like an incentive to winning. Idk what you could possibly come up with, but I'd appreciate something small like maybe a coin or a mention on facebook. Just something that says I just won. Maybe a blank key. Otherwise, great game.
Awesome
Loved it
Super fun game good for the brains.
Fun, fun, fun
It's a great but the free tokens come to slow. The first week I forked over about 50$ because I wanted to complete games. I am disabled vet and I can't afford it all the time now I cannot finish games tokens come to.slow
Fun
Galaxy s3 n it runs great love this game!
Its addicting...
Love it! However it does freeze up my phone on occasion.
The help stuff is pretty cool too
My only issue is while I'm in the middle of the game it freezes up sometime.....
Fun an addicting ! No problems, with atrix
Great!
Cool
Wish we had a ranking. Average points per game or round would be nice.
Great game
I can play with my friends, its fun.
Love it. Need coins to come faster. Thx
Love it. Need coins to come faster. Thx
Addictive
love love this game!
I love the IRL game Boggle. This is very similar. Addictive.
Too bad so many randomly picked opponents never show up to play.
Too bad so many randomly picked opponents never show up to play.
Great fun
The best. Hopefully more people will learn how to spell.....
Love it! So addicting.
Fun and challenging
Awesome game
.
Completely addicted!
Enjoy app alot!
Enjoying This
- I hate i have 2 wait 20min for just one coin plz change dat
Tons of fun
I like this game I wish I could play it a lot more. Its better than most games.
Makes me think and i love it
Great game! Keeps the mind going! Love it!
Addicting and challenging!
Awesome
Awesome
Very addictive and fun!!
Great game!!!
Love this game! Not only is it fun but it gets you thinking. Download this game you wont regret it
Love this game! Not only is it fun but it gets you thinking. Download this game you wont regret it
One of the best word games ever!
Great Game!!
First game I don't mind playing everyday!
need to be able to get coins faster
Downloaded it today, so much fun :^)
Great game. I'm getting addicted already. Keeps me sharp.
I think scrabble is really fun beacuase  you get to talk to people  and have fun and talk with your friends over the summer
Awesome game!!! I get trained when I play.
good game...
good game...
Love it more then all the other word games....wish coins loaded faster....still fun thou
So much fun and addictive!
Fun and pretty good!!! It gets your mind running!! The coins that u play with should be able to accumulate a little faster ,so u can enjoy the game instead of waiting or purchasing coins! The time should be a little longer as well!
Great game
Very fun and easy to do a quick game. Love it
Love this game. Seriously addicting.
So much fun I love  their new upgrades
Love this game!!!!!
Love this game!!!!!
Lots more fun than w w f...
This game is fun to play and enjoy the challenge!
This game is fun to play and enjoy the challenge!
Once I got the hang of it!
Love it
Lot's of fun.
when using inspiration I have experienced serval times that word on the list were not found on the grid
love it
Fun and challenging game!!
Love it!! I'm kind of addicted, lol.
:)
Awesome game
Awesome game
Love it!! So addicting.
This game is so fun I'm so addicted, I want to play all the time!!
Awsome
Awesome!!!!
Great game
Great game
I love this game!
I love this game!!!!!
Friends got me hooked can't play enough!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tho it took me a while, I am slowly improving. Lots of fun
Nice game. Very stimulating
It really makes u think an gets u to really look for the words they r not jus all right there for u
Love it great to play with siblings!!
Lovin this game
Dallas Texas loves scramble.
Gud
This game is awesome !!! Uses a lot of thought process !!! Very funnnn game :)
Awesome
Really fun easy way to play with friends. Or you can just start up a game with a random person. It's basically boggle with a different points system. There is a limit for how many games you can play in a row, but its really not a problem
Love this game. Nothing bad to say. Just the hole coin thing kills it. If anything it should cost one coin for everything. So you don't run out so fast.
Love this game!!!! Addicted!!!
Love it
Love this game! It keeps the ole brain thinking and is just a short burst of fun!
Love this game but wish we had more tokens =/ I hate waiting for 19 or 20 minutes
Definitely addictive and fun!!
Only thing ia the cost
I love this game!!!
Fun, fun, fun!!!!
Great game...love it
love  it addictive e
Very fun and addicting game
Incredible
Lol the best
Like this game! HTC EVO 4G
Like this game! HTC EVO 4G
Fun, engaging game...a natural progression from Words With Friends.
Love this game!!!!!
Love this game!!!!!
Good brain stimulator
So much fun
Love it
I wish it didn't take 20 min to get more tokens. Other than that, I love this frickin game! 5 STARS
Great addictive game!
Keeps you very entertained!! Always learning new words. Issues with slowing my phone down though. 127MB while in idle. Crazy!!!
What a quick, qwerky and fun game....i like the challenge and race against the clock....recommend anyone to download it..
Awwwwwwwwwsommmmmmmmmme :-)
Awwwwwwwwwsommmmmmmmmme :-)
Love it!!!!!
This really is a fun game. Glad smc told me about it. It does go fast, but the challenge is fun. A+++++++++
Love this game so addicted!!
I love this game. I have the galaxy nexus and have had zero problems.
I love this game. I have the galaxy nexus and have had zero problems.
Great game, way more fun then Words With Friends, no problems. Play!
There must be a glitch. I keep getting paired up with folks that only find 9-15 words a game.
Great game, and so addicting!  Fun to compete with your family and friends and at each persons convenience!  Love it!
Brain exercise for me
Best game ever
Luv it
Keeps the brain active!! Beats Ginko!
Keeps the brain active!! Beats Ginko!
I constantly check my phone for matches...I'm addicted to this game
I love this game its awesome!!
Great
Love love love!!!
Love love love!!!
I really enjoy playing this game with friends.
awesome game
I enjoy the game, it gets my mind going i can play for hours! I've never had any problems with it!
Its Ok. Seems slow on my phone. Ok game though.
Help me learn a LOt of new words
Addictive. Works fine
Great game!
Great game!
Great game!
Fun! Fun! Fun!
Great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It awsome .... Shows how smart u ar
Love this game. Wish there were more games like this.
a must have...
Superb game
Fun
Love it
It was amazing to play with your friends and text too.
Awesome game
Love it
<3 this game....its addicting....only thing is i wish it gave u unlimited coins lol
Very addicting but therapeutic. Love it
Fast pace. Lots of coins. Totally addicted.
Love it!!!!!
Awesome app!
Awesome app!
Great game
Great game
I love it
Cool game
Cool game
Good game.
Lots o fun
Force stops everytime I play....freezes up my phone everytime...love the game...but impossile for me to play as I want to with this issue...i am playing on my android phone...please fix this problem
Force stops everytime I play....freezes up my phone everytime...love the game...but impossile for me to play as I want to with this issue...i am playing on my android phone...please fix this problem
Ok
I love being able to play with my friends who live out of state.
Absolutely love it! So much fun
Crazy addictive
It's great I wish this came out first I have got a few of my friends addicted to it. Wish we had more tokens or none I keep running but best fun and a great past the time also Ty very much.
What a great, fun way to interact with family & friends. I play with friends from school that I have not heard from in over 10 years, and we all have a blast. Thanks for the great game.
Scramble's 2-minute rounds are a great way to take a quick break! Fun!
Nice game
Addictive game
Love this game.  It is so addictive!!  Probably my favorite app right now.
Fun game
Great
Best with friends game ever!
LUV LUV LUV IT!!!!!!!!!
Absolute fun !!  Recommend to one and all.
Absolute fun !!  Recommend to one and all.
Fun and addicting
Very fast game lots of fun
Very fast game lots of fun
Awesome game really fun! ;D  But how do you resign from games that are OLDER than 7 days?
I'm addicted & have been for awhile now... Even paid for the add-free version that gives back a token after 10 min. instead of 20. Allows you to play a lot more games in less time.
I am prety bad at this game, but LOVE it soooo much. I ould play this game 8 hours a day if I could!
Totally addicted!!!
Addictive game!! Always have fun
Love this game!
Great game.
Great game
Play with boyfriend overseas. Good way to connect.
Addicting !!
Addicting
Love it!
I love it!
Very addictive, just downloaded it today and already love it!!
But I wished I didn't have to wait for coins or buy the to bad u guys didn't have a list to get sum free..
Fun game! Love it!
Fun game! Love it!
Finally a game where i get challenged!!!
Awsome time consumer i like this game
Fun
Crashes quiet often or won't load...
Play me mandylyn30@gmail.com
I love it evrey single day I play it and I get mad when I dont have any coins
Can't stop playing it!!
Very addicting
It's a pretty fun game.
I am in love with this game!
Love to play!
Love it
Love it
Had it before really liked it great game.
Its the best sandra
Great game I can play on my android and my boyfriend can play against me on our ipod!!!
Is challenging and entertaining.
I'm addicted!
To many ads
Super addicting!
A great game to play through out the day...absolutely loooove it :)
Dev : not sure why but games won't load or change to my turn..  It's always their turn and it refresh continously.. Glitch...  Trying reinstall etc atm
I Love this game.
Fun game to play with friends and strangers.
Great
Funny and friendly game
Addicting!!!!!
Awesome game. Tons of fun!
Awesome game. Tons of fun!
Amazing
Having fun...runs perfectly on Samsung tablet...
This game is very addictive...always come home with a dead battery bc im glued to this game.
Love it!
Keeps freezing when using power ups
Keeps freezing when using power ups
Keeps freezing when using power ups
I love it haha Makes me smarterer ;D
Need a better way to get more tokens that's the only problem look like if you win you would be rewarded instead of waiting all that time also need more specials to choose from
Fun
Great addicting game!
I love this game its so fun addictive. One cool thing I just realized is that you can delete past games that you have played just long press the match and it gives you the option to delete the match
Great game
The coin thing is a bad idea
i love this game..
Fun
It's berry good!
I like this game is fun
Aaceegimnrvy....
Great game!
Pretty good, especially now I can play with people at my level, more chance of winning! Runs really smooth, no faults.
Fab fab fab game.....
Love the game.. Always runs fast!
Love it
I really enjoy this game i play it a lot!!!
Runs well on my Asus T300 tablet. Is fun, addictive, quicker than words with friends. Only used for a few days, so far no problems.
Fun
Fun
Fun game very addictive. Just wish there was a way to earn more coins
I wish there was a way to play without waiting for friends 2 play back. Just to challenge myself..
Love it!
It's awesome and kinda addicting, I've learned alot of new words playing!:)
Great game...addicting lol
Great game I love it because I can play my kids who line 70 miles away
Love Scrambble
Very exciting, lots of fun!
Love playing it
I live this game, just hate that u can't play computer.
Awesome game! Love it!
Truly addictive. Only wish I could play more than tokens allow. Shame you can't win tokens
I love this game!!! It rocks!! It really is one of the best word games out there!!
I love this game!!! It rocks!! It really is one of the best word games out there!!
:-)
Awesome game
Love this game
Addiction at it's best
Even tho I suck @ the game, I have fun & am challenged. Great time!
It's just so damned fun! And I think it keeps the edge on your brain nice and Sharp.
It's just so damned fun! And I think it keeps the edge on your brain nice and Sharp.
Wonderful
A 1 game
Awesome game!
addictive
5 stars... just need more coins
Great game, fun and addictive.. But wish theres an offline mode for practice or whatsoever... Peace out
Allot of fun
Probably my fav word game.
Cant stop playing great game
Fun fun fun
Love at first sight.. gameplay too good to resist..just wish there was faster opponents or practice session..lol
Fun
I love these types of games!
Great game for all of my family and friends
It is addicting, once you get the hang of it!!!!
OUTSTANDING!!!
OUTSTANDING!!!
Luv this game fun. educational. helps u think and fun
It's free and the coin replenish fast!!
Great fun
one of the greatest games ever!!!!!
So. Freakin. Awesome.
Great!!!!!!
Love it!
Highly addictive game, lots of fun!
Makes you think a lot more and its fun ....
this game is sooooooooo awesome no game cld be better
Very fun and addictive.
Great workout for my pickled brain!
Totally addicted even tho im rubbish!
I agree, you should be able to cancel non responsive players after 3 days instead of 7 & winner of game should win some tokens...
Nice
Nice
This is the only game I play everyday till now.
Awesome game!!
nice game
Love it!!! So fun!!! The computer generated players cheat tho.. They score like 800 per round lmao but it is a way to practice.
Awesome game constantly playing with mates
Goooooooood game. Brain teaser  that forces one to use ones mind. Four stars only because five represents perfection and no one or nothing is perfect.
Love the app but IM am really getting upset when the person never returns to finish the game and you have reached your limit and can not add another game.
I enjoy playing this game. Great app
I love it i suck but ill get  better
Fun game
Love it
Love it...addicting
Awesome
This game is addictive, fun, and helps keep your mind off of occupied! This game is more fun with friends!
Love it!!
Really fun game
Great fun and lots of entertainment becareful not to use up all the tokens to quickly
Great fun and lots of entertainment becareful not to use up all the tokens to quickly
Good game
Excellent love this game !
Excellent love this game !
Stable and time killer
I can't get enough of this game. The only problem with it is that you'll never want to put it down!
Da bomb
Good game
Great game
After playing this game for a while... It seems there is a bot playing because there is no way someone can get 700 points or about 60 words from this game. Impossible. The game is good but I want to see if you can fix this flaw.
Love this game... Been waiting a long time for someone to make it... Thanks
Great way to play with friends anywhere in the world, kill time and keep the brain sharp
Great way to play with friends anywhere in the world, kill time and keep the brain sharp
Love it. Eady to use. Fun to play. Much better than words with friends
Thx
Love the game
Love the game
Spend hours playing
Coins should be easier to earn
Love this app although the coins make it harder to play many games.
Love this app although the coins make it harder to play many games.
Great ,
Nice game.
Love this game getting really addicted to it.. :)
So fun and addicting. I love it!
Addictive!!!!
Love this game
Very addicting
Good
Love it!
brainy fun, Awesome!
Rate
Good for the brain.
Nice game
Great game, play everyday. Accidentally get words didn't know existed, by typing to fast. Bonus.
No glitches or freezes on my HTC Inspire.  Love playing this game.  Just wish they gave you a little more time... or I was a little better!
I absolutely love this game
Most addicting game yet!!!
Its a real good game too  play with people. I rate 5
Im lovin it!!
Works your brain while being fun and entertaining. Great way to build your vocabulary.
Great game!
Great game!
My wife and I play every night.
Fun no bugs. Easy to just start playing and stop.
My fave game. The only one I really even play anymore.
Love this game!!
The interface is exceptionally well-thought-out. Smart construction and simple, competitive game!
Awesome!
I love this game.
I get my butt kicked at this game cuz i'm slow slow slow, but its fun! :)
Fun times
Love "Scrambling" with unknown opponents. It's a good test of wits.
Awesome
Good clean fun
Awesome
Love this game.
Awesome online fun. A ok number 1.
Awesome
Great game, love it. It's so addictive
Love it
Great
Good game
Fun and addictive!
Fun and addictive!
Great to play....just wish there was a day to cancel/dismiss unfinished games or terminate them after a certain amount of time has passed with no moves being made.
Once you get good at this game, its a buzz. Great fun vs friends. Using HTC One
Love it!!!
Game.sure keeps u on ur feet...I meant hands! I love playing. Some days are.good; others aren't. I play to keep from losing my cognitive skills cuz I have progressive multiple sclerosis.and my body's breaking down faster than I thought. Oh well this too shall pass
Works away awesomely on the Samsung Galaxy Nexus II! Great challenge for the brain. I'm always trying to improve my time.
Love it!  Very addicting!!
Best time killer
This game is very addictive once you usr to it. I hate that it requires tokens to power up.
Easy to learn and compelling. Really like this game
It ruins the whole gameplay to,the point  where I,can't play anymore. Was,five star before update
Honestly I am surprised by how much I enjoy this game! It seems so easy but appearances are deceptive it really challenges you to use your eyes and to really SEE words in a whole different way. Absolutely love and would  recommend for anyone seeking a challenge.
This game is fun and addicting and u will only be mad wen u have to wait for more free coins hahaha lol
Love this game!
Epic!!!!'
Keeps the mind sharp
Great game very addicting.
Love competitive games!
It's a really great game I can play all day the only thing just need more tokens
I absolutely love this game!
Fun fast paced  game. More fun then words w friends. Wish more people would play it takes days before people respond back when it is their turn. And they need to supply more tokens to play.
Excellent!
Really enjoy playin this game althou could av a bit longer time works really well on samsung s3
I love this game!
I have no problems with this game. Every aspect works awesome ! I have no problem with 5 stars.
I may suck at this game but I'm soooo addicted! And I love that I can search and play against my facebook friends!!
Great game abit confusing at first, but once you get the hang of it. Way cool.
Very entertaining...will definitely get you hooked!
Great game just wish I could play alone sometime;)
Great game just wish I could play alone sometime;)
Over all good word game. No issues, fun to play
I love this game.  Five stars, but want more games going at once.
Love it...and very addicting. Plays well with new Google Nexus.
Love it :)
I wish I could play against phone
I wish I could play against phone
Very addicting I love it!
Love this game
epic game
Fantastic game i cant keep off it
Just wish android had matching with friends too!
Challenging yet so much fun!
I play it all the time. Its such a great game!
This game is good clean fun...and addictive!
Game
So much fun...I wish u had the opportunity to earn more tokens, tho. Other than that, it's great! Chatting with people while u play is great & being able to have multiple games going with the same person is excellent.
Its very awesome!
Competitive
Love it!! Heaps fun!!
Fun and entertaining.
Awesome! You will def be addicted. I promise!
Awesome
Awesome
Favorite game ever!!!
Fun, addicting, and challenging
I love this game, I just wish it didn't take so long to get coins.
Fun game
Nice game!!
Freaking love this game!!
Droid incredible. Old generation.  Force closes in background
So addictive, love this game!
Really fun game :)
Love this game im 100% addicted.!
Game freezes up TOO much...but fun to play until then
My mother and I have been playing for 6 months now. She still hasn't beaten me.
Good game...get so addicted
Fun, great brain trainer, and totally addictive!
My just fab game
This game is awesome. It's not only educational but it teaches you to think on your feet. I love it!
Awsum keep it up
Great game wish there was individual play
Great way to keep the brain alive and quick enough to play on-the-go
Awsome!!
Good game.
Makes you use your brain in a fun way
Loads of fun! Keeps the mind active.
I am newso still working it out but its great fun and addictive
Awesome so addicted to it
Fun fun fun!
Love this game
Great
Great fun additive
I love this game. Very addicting!
I love this game
I love this game
I think its a wonderful game I love playing it but I dont think u should have to pay coins for ever game..
Still enjoying this game! Love it! I agree with others......a practice mode, the ability to remove dormant players and recovery of those coins!
Its really a fun game & a good way to kill extra time when you have it! You may start out slow & not so good but PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT!!!
It works nice and it's addicting.
I can play this game all day.
Enjoying . . Good.
Brilliant game
Brill
Fun game, but I suck! I'm GREAT at Words With Friends, but terrible at this game!
Absolutely love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fun game to play
Word fun with friends or strangers...I love that it finds you someone to play with...sometimes my friends are busy. And it keeps getting better with new help choices...loving "vision"...it is a game within a game...try it; fun, fun, fun!
It is a great game
Amazing
Love this game plays well on my tablet and infuse
My favorite game of all time!  I play it each morning to wake up my brain and get me going
Works great on my phone...nice..
Works great on my phone...nice..
More options plz
Love it, love it.
Love it, love it.
I love this game
this s so kewl
Great fun. Excellent game.
Love this game
Fun to play and challenging
Awesome game! Love it!
Great game
Best game I've got. Everyone I've had try it loves it. Gr8 game.
Its fun
Love this app!
Love this app!
Love it
fun!
Very good
Fun as hell with my friends just wish more ppl knew about it
love it !!!
Cool game!!! Love it!!!
;)
Excellent game, beats watching the soaps when the misses is busy watching the them
The game is super fun and very awesome, is easily one of the best zynga games
ADDICTIVE :-)
This game is so addictive
Love this game and love Zynga!!! Can i please have matching with friends for android... ???
Great fun!
Just like the old school game boggle. I love the Game and the quality of it. Haven't had Any problems as of yet
Love this game
Scramble with friends
Great game
Good fun!
Great game.
Very fun game.
Great game love it
Great game love it
LOVEEEEEE it !
I love this game. It keeps me addicted to play. I also like the fact you could send messages.
Love it
Great game.
This is a fun game that u can play with ur friends!!! I luv this game!!!
This app causes my phone to freak out! It shuts off randomly, freezes, and just doesn't work right!  I hope you can fix the program because this is my favorite app!
This app causes my phone to freak out! It shuts off randomly, freezes, and just doesn't work right!  I hope you can fix the program because this is my favorite app!
Love every moment     great game
This game is so fun and challenging!
Love this app.. I enjoy playing with my friends. Its a good hang out. When you don't see these people everyday. A good way to keep in touch with new and old friends. Need to download and enjoy. You will love it
Fun game! Cool available perks with coins.
Love it
love it
It bring me sooooo much fun. But I always loose.
Fun game!
It definitely makes you think..thats for sure..
excellent game i enjoy playing scramble with friends keep me updated witg other word games
Wish they had practice sets for you to improve on your games without playing with an opponent.
I just wished coins accrued faster... I'd play all day then!
The coin limit for the free game I get, but even if you buy the game you're still limited!..Complete and total runbish! The popularity of this game is unfortunate since it only encourages this horrendous manipulation of people looking for a bit of fun...In a word, BOOOOO!
Addictive at work
Cant get enough of the game.  Hate waiting for enough tokens to play.
Cant get enough of the game.  Hate waiting for enough tokens to play.
I never get bored with it and always love playing when I get a little extra time in my day! It's very addicting! I have no complaints about it at all! Very good game!
love it
Super fun and runs great on a galaxy nexus.
It is an excellent game
Addicting!
Fast, leisurely play, power up with tokens, but nothing out there to help your opponents
Luv it!!!
Awesome pass time and let's you know how much you suck at words
Love it!!!!!
I love this game!! :)
I Love This Game!!
Scrabble with Friends is fun & great while waiting for someone else to take their turn you can have the game choose an opponent & continue to play.
I like it. An app that makes you smarter...lol what a pun! Wish there wasn't so many ads that randomly interrupt you while playing, also would be nice if it stopped freezing all the time, plus sometimes the bonus tips you pay coins for don't work which really irritates me! :( would be awesome if the winner of a game actually won something, like coins? As incentive to continue playing, maybe have contests with other players as to who has the most coins? Please fix the bugs this app is my fav!!
I like it. An app that makes you smarter...lol what a pun! Wish there wasn't so many ads that randomly interrupt you while playing, also would be nice if it stopped freezing all the time, plus sometimes the bonus tips you pay coins for don't work which really irritates me! :( would be awesome if the winner of a game actually won something, like coins? As incentive to continue playing, maybe have contests with other players as to who has the most coins? Please fix the bugs this app is my fav!!
Play It All The Time . !
love this game
Cool
I have enjoyed this game from the start and never grow tired of it. Random players provide various levels of challenge. Lots of fun.
Great game!
Great game!
Great game
Reminds me of the game boggle I used to play as a kid. Very fun and addicting:-)
Love it!!
Addicting game!
Fab game! Getz addictive, good wen bored, good challenging
Wish I could play myself, it takes a whe to find someone to play with you.
Good game
Addictive!!!!
I heard about this game from a friend and I'm hooked!
I heard about this game from a friend and I'm hooked!
Love it.!!! cant freaking stop playing it :]
Really enjoy playing. Very intense at times. Best part is that it doesn't require you to make actual purchases like most other games in order to get coins. Just wait and after some time it refills ur coins. Pretty cool game.
Very addicting
Very addicting
love this game great way to pass time
Way awesome!An easy way to connect and play with friends.I may be a little kid,but it's great for people of ALL ages!Keep it up!
Love it!
I love this game!
Love this game.
I just wish that people would take their turns quicker! B-)
I love playing this game, thank you!
Fun
My stresd reliever
Really enjoy this fast paced game.  By far, this is a favorite of mine.
Luvin it
Good challenging game...keeps your mind active and the eye hand coordination is a good way to spend game time, vocabulary and spelling are challenged...only draw back is the tokens..they go fast.
Love this game!
Super fun, and highly addictive. Hard to get the hang of, but once you've got it you wont want to stop!
Great game!
Great free game ! Of course I want more coins faster...Runs smooth for my HTC Vivid. I do agree with others, you should be able to cancel games against non-responsive players. I do like the idea of winning a few coins, if you win the game !
Great Game!!!!!!
So addicted to this game..love it!
Love all Zynga games!
I like it
Occupies me quite a bit.
Excellent time killer when Angry Birds isn't enough.
Best game ever
Best game ever
Best game ever
Fun
Great game. TAKE THE CLOCK DOWN FROM 20MIN PER COIN. THAT WILL NOT MAKE PEOPLE BUY COINS.
Cool app fun to play
I'm so addicted to this game.  Love it
My kids can't stop play ing
I started just playing words with friends but this one us JUST AWESOME I LOVE IT
Needs. a way to remove old games.
I enjoy the game.p
Love this game!!
Very entertaining!
Love this game keeps your mind sharp!!!!
This game is awesome. I play it on break, at home, even when I am already doing something fun. Keep up the good work Zynga.
Love it!! Really addictive!!
Really fun and addicting
Really fun and addicting
Cool
Great game
Great game
I love it!
Cool like kool aid
Its a lot of fun playing this game people should try it out
Pretty cool. Great way to. exercise the brain. An entire game can be played quickly
Great game. Hate restrictions on numbers of games I can start. Any way of changing that?
Ok
Hard to change user name
This game makes me smile and laugh. I get happy when I play this game.
Great game. Where are instructions?
Love it. Lots of fun
Loads of fun
awesome
This is app is really great I mean a lot of people complain about how there's not enough tokens but unless u have a lot of games going on u will be fine cuz u can have a max of 20 tokens for free I think and u get another one after 20 minutes so I'm usually fine but I think it would be nice to get more tokens If u won.
Good time waster
It is a fun game you can play with your online friends.
It is a fun game you can play with your online friends.
I love this game! I wish I could play more often!
My new favorite game!! :)
I can play games with my friends who are miles away
Great game!!
Hours of fun...
Hours of fun...
Very entertaining and challenging!
Excellent fun. Very addictive
I love this game. I only wish there was a 1-player option like solitaire, so I didn't always have to play with others.
Best game
Love this game way better then words with friends
AWESOME GAME.  TONS OF FUN.  PLAY WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS!!
Good social game too, kills time when you have to sit around n wait in line or something..
The game is fun and it's well done but you should be able to have more then 19 coins but otherwise great game and no major complaints!
I love this game it's so awesome
Love this game... Coins go too fast... Sucks that you have to wait so.long for a club to.play but other than that love it!
Great game to pass time and test your wits
Great game, love it
It is fun
very fun game
It's a very addicting, smart game.
It's a very addicting, smart game.
Sometimes it freezes up, but other than that, its a great app!
Works well, stable. Love the game!
My fiance got me into this game and long after he uninstalled it im still playing it SRONG and the new updates to it make it even better!!!!   -Nina
Serves as a reminder why Harvard turned me down....
Serves as a reminder why Harvard turned me down....
I used to love this game, but for the past month it hasn't worked. I can't get it to load at all. I have tried to uninstall then reinstall and it still isn't working. I can't get past the login.  (The game has finally been restored and working great again. Thank you!)
I love it
So funny and the app lets you update your vocabulary in a creative way!
Endless fun or until you run out of tokens. Haha!
Endless fun or until you run out of tokens. Haha!
Cool game good time burner
I love it
Very enjoyable game.
I really like it & I didn't think I would.
Love the game.  Do not like coins.  Would like more coins and not have to buy as they are expensive.
Good game... Never feel bore to play
Fun and very addictive
Never had any issues just wish you get get more coins I can only play like 3 games a day....
Once u get the hang of this game, you'll be addicted.
Good game
Great addiction
Sucks when you have to wait for more tokens to play though!
One of my favorite games!!
Love it but there should be a way to resign a game on your opponents yuen when they take days to respond
I love this game.
be gd if when you win you get a coin free instead of having to wait
Great game
Love it!
Great app!
Ba-Zynga! Anything Zynga is super awesomely fun!
Love it
The only downside is the amount of coins you can get
This is one sharp, competitive game! I like it so much! Gets better and  better!
Love this game
Love it alot
Love it alot
Works great and is fun.
Great fun!
Fun game. Fast clock lol.
Great to play just don't like the token thing. You use the tokens just to play one game
So far so good!
Love this game I play all day with my miss great learning tool
No problems with this game. Fun to play.
I'm an addict.
Games good
great game
Learning all kinda of new words while trying to compete with my friends.
Great way to connect with friends.
Love it..!
Fun game!
Love playing this game :)
Really love
Move
Love playing with the hubby anytime! He tries to beat me...but not so much!
Loves this game!!!
fun fast paced game,haveing fun.
I don't sleep till 3 because of this game
I don't sleep till 3 because of this game
I don't sleep till 3 because of this game
Great for those times when your wife is talking to you.......Ha!!!!!!!!!
Addicting!!!
Great game !! If only i can resign the games  I've been waiting on their  turn for several days.
All in title ^^
Really love this game ... best game ever !!! :-)
I love it!
I LUV this game...warms me up for words with friends!!!!
I like it.
Love it
My husband i have been challenging each other all day!
Love  this game
Very addictive if i was able to rate 10 stars i would. Great for all
Love this game... Very addicting.. Wish you could earn stars with every win.
I play it on my breaks and lunches. On the pot. Standing in line etc.
Amazing fun game
Great game
oh mylanta an awesome game!! very fun!
Fun game!
My husband and I love to play this game.
The best and so addicting.
LOVE!!! <3
Amazingly addictive
Fun   Even for poor spellers!
Three only game I play.   It's both challenging and fun!
Addictive and fun. App plays well on Samsung Epic.
This game is addictive! Playing Scramble has kicked my Words With Friends game up a notch. :) I remember all those 2 and 3 letter-words from here to play there.  Every play and point count. :)
Can't get tired of this game!! Very good!!
Whole family enjoys the game
I love this game!!!!!! Cant sleep unless i gave used all my power ups!!!!!
I love this game!
Love this game!
Lots of fun!
Great game. Love it
Good and loads of fun but sometimes laggy
Blossom
Super fun.
I have had a lot of fun with this game.
Lots of fun...love it
Love it!
I like this game . It would be great if the letters wouldn't freeze up and the timer keeps going .
I like this game . It would be great if the letters wouldn't freeze up and the timer keeps going .
It is a game that can be played with friends of all ages and around the country.
Love dis game.
Very fun game that will have you hooked....
Awesome app
Excellent game lots of fun
Love the game!
Awesome
More free coins or faster replenishment would be awesome so that could play other people..
A very fun and entertaining game best off you ate playing with someone you know , and it would help if you had a vast vocabulary
My new favorite game!
Game is fun doesn't always work on my phone
Pretty good. Better ad responsiveness than other zynga games. Wish there were less ads.
Awesome !!
One of my favorites!
Never boring 7
Addicting!
Very addictive!
This game is fun and addicting!
I am addicted.
I love this game ...
<3
Great fun
Love it
Good fun.
Love this game.getting better.still get my butt beat.but getting better
Love this game!
Love this game!
Love the game but I have one question:  sometimes there is a speech bubble over the game.  It is NOT a conversation with my opponent because when I check the conversation there is nothing.  Can someone please explain because this happens a lot.
Great game!
Thks
Love it!! Lots of fun!!
Love the game but It would be nice if you won something like more coins as a reward for winning so that you can play more
It keeps me entertained and wrks on exercising brain skills. And game that actually has an end and winner to a match.
Just which u could play as one player
Very addicting
I love this game!
Awesome but why cant we delete people that you play with instead of having to wait for them.???
Makes you think...
Super fun and addicting.  Perfect quick game.
Love this game. Sooo addictive!
I love this game!!
Great game!
Great game!
Lots of fun
This game is so cool and great, oh man I enjoy it so much!! Juego es muy bueno!
This is a great game.  I love it!
Just need better explanation on how/why to use helper buttons. Soooooo addictive.
I love this game! Really wish it didnt take to long to get new coins but other than that I love it!!
This is a great game to play.
Yesterday
Not ant good at it...but can't stop playing it!
Absolutely love this game
Love it"
I love this game..
I love this game..
It's boggle only better.
Great to play!
Great fun and challenging. Love this game!
Fun to play
good wee game
Addicted!!!
Much better than words with friends. Competitive in a good way. Save those coins!
Great game... gets your brain working.
Fun game! Love to play.
fun and challenging
I enjoy playing this game. Would love more coins.
Love this game
I like this game.
Lots of fun.  Addicting!
Great fun and learning at the same time. Great for kid's.
This game is very addictive
addicting :-)
I love this game
I think this game is awesome. I love being able to compete with my friends and make new ones.
Make sure your friends arent using helpers off the internet!
Love to play...great game and love to connect with family and friends.....
Love to play...great game and love to connect with family and friends.....
Fun!
Should have user stats. Like how many games he/she won
I just started playing this, and i love it. This is much better than words with friends.
No commitment
Addictive..
Challenging and expands ones's vocabulary base.
Challenging and expands ones's vocabulary base.
This is a great game, love it
I Lovee this game.
Best poop on the pot game. Pooing has never been more enjoyable.
The hands down BEST boggle app out, I've tried them all too!
The hands down BEST boggle app out, I've tried them all too!
Great app have not encounter any dificulties. LOVE IT!
wonderful game.
Love!
Wish there was a solo version.
Challenging and entertaining ... would be better if the waiting time for coins wouldn't be so long or if you could get free coins every time you win a game!
Challenging and entertaining ... would be better if the waiting time for coins wouldn't be so long or if you could get free coins every time you win a game!
I love this game.. but hate how Addicting it is. I've stopped playing all other word games..
You got it try this game and you will love it as much as i do !
Ball hang
I love it!!
I love it!!
I love this game. It's so my fun. I can play with friends, my kids can play it with each other, I can even just let it pick someone who is on my skill level. This is an awesome game.
Love it.  addictive.
Awesome game
It's awesome
Love it
Very addictive
Very addictive
Addictive and great fun absolutely love this game!
Super addictive brain game!
Good. No problems. GS3.
Very addictive..bt smtimes it hangs on me...
Good times
Can't stop playing
Addictive game with great widget.
Fun!
Awesome game. Im totally addicted!
Awesome game. Im totally addicted!
Excellent game just like boggle
I had no idea I knew so many words. Now if only I can use those words daily.... :-)
I love this game. No problems as of now.
I just wished it was unlimited free play!
Become addicting quick
I love this game not only is it addictive , its also helping me improve on my spelling and vocabulary .
Absolutely love this game
I love it!!!!! Wonderful app! Addictive!
Very fun and addictive. Also wish the coins came back faster too.
Luv it
Luv it
Love it. Great game
Love this game
Love the game don't agree with lack coins and so much to buy. Feel robbed if I buy them but enjoy when can play..
Love it!
Excellent game...addicted!! :-)
YYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Love it...but very habit forming..lol
Fun game: )
Fun game: )
Brilliant
Funnest game ever!
Great game and time filler!
Great to play everyday!
Says it all
Love it can play all day
Great game
Addictive..
This game is more addicting then words!
This game is more addicting then words!
Addictive!!! Very fun
Love the game
Love playing with friends!
Fast.  love the upgrades.  like a fastpaced scrabble game.
Addictive
Most Amazing game i ever played !
Excellent game!!!
Great game, very addictive!
Love it
This is awesome 
Addicting
Very addictive but you run out of tokens for power up advantages so you can only play a few games in a row or have to buy tokens I still love it and your tokens replenish over time
Nice
Yup.
Great game
Very challenging impressive 5 stars
Zynga rules!
I just started playing, but so far I love this game! The only thing I hate is waiting for the other player to play back!
Love this game
It's ok
its the new age Scrabble
Love brain games, super simple for every age...
Great game...stop the stupid coin thing and add different powerups and it would b perfect
Best game eveeerrr! :D
Its fun.
Fun!
Fun!!!
The best word game in the word
Love this game!!
Soooo addictive
Awesome
Love it!
Love it
Its the most fun game I have! Really tests your skills!
Fun!
It like poop in the toilets  mouth
well made and lots of fun
Love thia game!
Love thia game!
One of my favorites!!!
One of my favorites!!!
I love it cause I can play  with family that I hardly get to see :)
Fun app. Worth buying coins to play more.
Love it!  Helps keep your mind alert!
It's addictive.
Definitely a 5 star, but id also like to say that I think winning should earn you coins :) otherwise great game! One of my all time favorites, if not the only one, on my phone.
This is such a fun game
Great to play with my peeps while wasting the day away at work
Great to play with my peeps while wasting the day away at work
Its very nice to play on my samsung transform ultra especially after the last update great to kill time just sometimes your opponents take too long to play
Love this game!
Love this game!
Fun
So much fun. Addicting !
So much fun. Addicting !
Love it
Love it
Love this game.. Very addictive.
This game is great n I love it
Can't get off my phone with this game.!!!
Very entertaining and addictive!!! lol
Very entertaining and addictive!!! lol
Love to play it
I'm hooked!!!
I'm hooked!!!
Great game!
Great game. Big fun.
Great game
Quick and easy game to pickup and play... Very enjoyable...
Awesome
Awesome
Fast and fun. Never played words with friends again.
Great game!!!
My sister made me get this app and i havent put it down in days!!!
Very addictive
Fun and simple...!!!
Really great very happy and never get bored, so clever yet very basic
Good game
Lots of fun!  All my friends can't stop playing this game.  Only need different letter combo's......
This is one of the best games I have played in a long time! Normally played on my Kindle Fire...also on my EVO.
Great game
I love this game! I play it all day every day, and there are rarely any issues with the app.
I love this game! I play it all day every day, and there are rarely any issues with the app.
Great game a must have app
10 for Excellent
Love is game
A very good time killer and a good way to learn words on days that don't have any potential for doing anything else.  More fitted to a phone with a larger screen although. Works very nicely on Galaxy Nexus (4.65 inch screen)
I try this and see that its pretty good game. Just want to see the coin stock to get upgraded. ;-)
Awesome
Don't like you have to wait 20 mins for one coin
Love this game!
So much fun...it would be nice though if you hit play again by accident and the other player doesn't want to you could get rid of the game.
Very Fun game! Happy its finally available on the Android Market
This game is awesome, dangerously addicting too! Only complaint is that it needs more variety of words.... So much fun though!!
Love it dude :)
No refresh button No game stats Innovative but could've been lot better
addictive!!
Great game!!!
Currently favorite game on my phone
Currently favorite game on my phone
This game is so addictive. I can't get anything done.
Just a good fun game. Challenging too. Also love the tablet support. Keep up the awesome work.
Very fun
Good game, but sometimes freezes write the clock is still running.  Very irritating.
This game was well worth the wait...played it on the ipod, but couldn't wait for it to come to android market. Best game so far!
Love it realy the only game I haven't gotten tired of and not uninstalled!!
Fun and addicting!
Boggle was one of my favorite games.  This should be called Boggle with friends!!! It is great to be able to play this every day.
Awesome
Im totally addicted
One of my favorite games ever!
Love it!
I really enjoy playing with friends and family!
This is addicting it is an awesome game!!!!
This game is addicting and fun
Excellent!!
Love it!
I like it.
Very fun game
Hours of fun!! A must have!!
I love scramble
Great game!
I love this game
Highly addictive!
lots of fun  keeps you on your toes
Great app, I do other stuff  throughout tha day to occupy time until I have more coins to play more lol
:)
Great game that keeps me having fun with my family across the country. The only  hiccup that I've found is that these system crashes after having played for more than half an hour.
Love it. Challenging and keeps brain active! Sometimes screen freezes for no reason and it  Locks phone.
Love it!
Awsome game
It's a fun way to work your brain and compete with friends. Definitely one of my favorite games.
Great game! Challenging and fun.
Favorite game with friends
Love this app. I could play it all day if the coins didn't run out so quickly!
Love
Like it
Play with some smart friends, you'll love it.
Me and my boyfriend play against each other all the time!
It good so tired atm
It good so tired atm
Fun and addictive
This game is Awsome!!!
Enjoy
Great game good for the mind and fun!!!
Fun
Best form of brain exercise.
I love the game and have no complaints other than I probably spend too much time playing when I should be doing something else! No tech problems and the ads are resonable-unlike many other free games.
just wish I was faster!
Very fun game! Play it daily.
Really enjoy playing this game. Wished there was  a multiplayer option
I wouldn't change a thing!
The app works well. I get to play my friends, and this game never bores me.
Awsome I love this game
Hate when it freezes
Fun and exciting but should provide more tokens =[
Love this game but it can take several days to complete. Once you make a move, the person you play against may take several days to make their move so I get fed up and resign the game
FUN AND ADDICTING!!!
Awesome game!!! Totally addicting!
love this app !!!
It's an awesome time killer really fun to play
Love it
It's great! Plays well, no lags. Except, lately it's notifying me that I have a message when I don't. Either I did have a message and it cannot be seen OR I didn't have a message and it's a glitch
This is a really fun game
This is a really fun game
Love this game!
Great game!
Sometimes there's a time lag, but hey, finish your cooking or cleaning chores or complete your errands. You could even read a short book to your child or make an important call and say "I love you mom. I love you dad."  Have fun! Life is short!
Awesome sauce
Great game
Love love love this game. Wish it had a practice mode so I can get faster without playing with someone.
Fun game, brain power!
Fun game, brain power!
Keeps you on your feet and the different levels of help is cool. I rather play this than words with friends.
I even get frustrated with my friends if the don't play fast enough!
Fun times with friends.
Love it!@
Very awesome game i hope every one plays it ! I have a lot of fun playing this game every one should play this game <3 you see its fun! :)
This game is super fun and super great to play with family and friends! It works perfect. I have had no problems with it whatsoever. There is one thing that would be cool to have, it is the "Pass and Play." It is such a nice feature to have on Words With Friends and think it would be great to have the same feature on Scramble With Friends. Overall, the game rocks!
Just wish you didn't have to wait so long for more coins.
Love the game! Hate waiting 20 minutes for a new coin, not accumulating a coin for winning, and having to buy coins. By the time I catch up on all my turns I'm out of coins for hours!
Awesome!
Awesome!
Fun FUN FuN fUn
great game.
great game.
I love love love this game !!!
I love this game
Love this game! Super addictive
At first I was the only addict, but soon enough almost as if it was infectious, my whole circle of family and friends became "scramblers" aswell. Amazing game. Keep innovating, keep entertaining :)
Fun game!
I love this game. I think they should give you more coins to play with & if people don't accept your game after a certain amount of time their game should be cancelled.
Very fun to play
This  game is awesome come play me: )
Good game
Ooh man this game is great!
Fun game really like it
Awsome
Great game for entertainment!!!!
This is an awesome and fun game. I wish they would start you off with 20 coins instead of 14. Other than that if you love word games this is your game.
great game!
I love this game! Never had any problems with it!
This is a good game to exercise your mind....it is so relaxing and a great way to stay i touch with family....you can also send each other messages while playing...I've made a great choice when i picked this game..njoy:)
I am love this game it makes me think.
This game is very addictive
absolutely love this game!
Enjoy this game.....its very Fun...
This game is so much fun!!!
Greatness!
Love this game. I never get forced out or anything. There is nothing negative to say about it.
Awesome
It's good. No complaint.
Fun app
Love the game! I only wish you could cancel a game when a player doesn't respond after a long absence.
Better than words with friends!!!
Lots of challenges!
Makes you think alot and know how to spell fun game over all.
Whooooooo
Love
Great game
Great game
Itz an awesome game!
Nice game really like it i think I'm adicted to this game i just can't stop playing!
Love it!!!
Very fun
Funnnnn game!!!!!!!!
its an awesome game . helpful for increasing vocab and extremely enjoyable . wish could grade it more thn 5 stars .
I love this app! I'm totally addicted!! I wish the coins would gather up faster so I can keep playing, but other than that, I love it!!
Love it!
Couldn't open at all today!
Love this game! It is very addicting!
Love this game! It is very addicting!
El juego esta sper entretenido.
El juego esta sper entretenido.
Love it.
So fun!
loads of wordy fun.
loads of wordy fun.
A good game
I lovve that it is played as quickly or slowly as one wants.
Fast paced and great fun. Just like the game boggle.
I love this game, but I wish they'd give you an option to resign from games with people that haven't played for over 7 days.
Good app. Lots of fun.
Love it!!!
I love this game. It's a great way to pass time. Especially on long road trips or at work in between jobs.
Love this game keeps your Brian working :) excellent updates
I'm addicted to this game! It's fun and I'm learning new words. I wish we earn coins when we win.
Helps to kill time while waiting, works your brain too.
This is fun and easy to play. Good way to learn new words. It works very well.
Can improve the creating game by username. Error always pops up.
Great game!
I think the game is interesting and fun just need new players/ comers
Lots of fun and addictive...I wish they would give out more coins but its ok cuz the more I play the better I get...
Love it!
Im addicted to this game
It's fun
Practice practice practice. Addictive game and the music adds pressure. Nice.
I am horrible at this game, but i still love it!
Dope a** game to!
Dope a** game to!
Another great at you're own pace game to play with friends.
Very addicting. You have to try it.
Cool little game... Neat way 2 pass the time... U should be able 2 choose your own length of time @ the beginning of each game...
Very addictive
Great free game, implemented well.  Highly recommended. Runs perfectly on my Asus tablet.  A practice mode would be a nice addition - maybe 3 practices for 1 coin?
Really enjoying this game!
Love playing with friends and with strangers
Great fun and addictive game!
;)
I really like this game alot! If they came up with a way to earn coins instead of having to buy them that would be cool! I was thinking if you win the person, that you get a certain amount of coins. Kinda like draw something or hanging with friends!
Love this game.. Works great on Samsung galaxy S2.
simple, short, fun
It's addicting
Addicting game even while losing most the gamesI've played.
I love this game :)))
I love this game.. so much fun,  if u don't have it, u need to get it.!! PERIOD! :)
Very fun and addicting game
Much better use of vacant time than Facebook. Superb source of healthy intellectual competition.
Game is awesome ! Works well, is user friendly, fun addictive play. No way to cheat ! This is the best game by Zynga so far. Love it !
Loads of fun!
Love the game - I play tons!
I love this game....
Love this game!!!
This game is awesome. It's fast paced and fun. Love it.
My wife and I play every day great game
I can't get enough of it! So many words so little time keeps the brain going!
I love it!!!!
Can't get enough of winning games against my buds.
Best game ever
Good for my word study.  =3
Im addicted to this game.
If been playing for 1 year and I've never got bored of it so download it now
I am.so addicted
Best game ever
Cool game
Fun i like it
Fun i like it
Cool game
Great game works awesome on my HTC Inspire
Fun
Very good game..keeps u up and goin...fun to wait for opponent's score..really like game...
Very good game..keeps u up and goin...fun to wait for opponent's score..really like game...
Very good game..keeps u up and goin...fun to wait for opponent's score..really like game...
Aswome
I love playing this game. It really makes u think
I can't stop playing!!
Very good game
Great
Excellent so addicting
Slowed my phone done as soon as I opened it... worked halfway o.k the 1st 2 times I installed and uninstalled it.... PLEEEASE FIX this
Love
Reaally got so amazin game to play with
Great game smoking and playing every time i go on a break at work.
Love it
This game is a fast paced adrenaline fueled war of words. I like comparing what I've done with my competition to see areas of improvement. It's highly Addictive
I love it. Wish it had a solo mode u could play while u wait for your tokens
Love it
Very addicting and fun. Wish we could have more games going. I also get inpatient waiting on people to play.
Great app.
Great app.
Its addicting. Love it !!! But does crash alot on my tablet and my galaxy phone
Totally addicting :)
Totally addicting :)
A few bugs but overall a good time
And contagious
Loads of fun.
Fun game!!
The game is super fun and addicting but I am sure I speak for most people but ...WE WANT SINGLE PLAYER MODE OR AT LEAST TWO PLAYER ON THE SAME DEVICE
best word game on the market by far.......love it!! l153rc
Awesome fun!
This game is incredible!
Just love this game..although gets pretty hard but enjoy it overall..
Luv it!!
Awesomest game ever!!!!!
I've had this game for a few months now and its been great. Its frozen a few times but nothing major. Overall a great game to kill time.
Super fun.  Must get!
I love playing this game!
I love playing this game!
This game is super fun great way to pass the time
I love this game
Better than the others out there. I have fun playing
Better than the others out there. I have fun playing
Better than the others out there. I have fun playing
V exciting but addictives.
If you have a phone addiction, this game is your kryptonite! I love it!
Great game. I actually like that you can run out of coins - without that I would never stop playing!
Exciting and fun game. Can't stop beating my friends.Lol
Love it
you slide across the game that's ended until it says delete
Fun, addictive, what else do you want in a word game. Deffinitelly recommended if you liked words with friends.
Fun game
Fab game!!!!
its ok, it freezes alot and makes me lose points, and I think you should win coins everytime you win, not use them everytime you play
It's great knowing that I am that much smarter than my friends.
Love this game
I luv to play this game
This game is amazing and super fun
Pretty sure I have a dozen games going with my mother who lives across the country.  We are addicted.
I love it
Great
Best game ive ever played , I have alit if funn playing it with my friends and.i also meet new peopke on here , its seriously funn and it makes you alittke smartrr because you learn words you never knew were real and you get to see how a little puzzle with 16 letters in it can contain up to about 300-500 words in it . I love this game , its super funn! I think youll love it too . I recommend this game to everyone!!(:
Grear
I'm addicted already!!!
Lots of fun, but pauses at the most inopportune times :-(
Lots of fun! Well done on style, organization, and options. Could enhance by offering more options when a certain amount of points have been reached.
HAVE NO PROBLEMS I LOVE PLAYING THIS.
Very good
Can challenge Facebook friends! Love it!
love it
The features are great love this game!
Fun and addicting.... Wish there was no coins needed.. Gotta wait a while
Keeps me in touch with friends across the world. Great fun!
Hours of time wasting fun
Now I can't stop playing.
Great new game....I love it
Thank God I love this game and the people who play along with me thank you guys brain exercise we need it.
Great fun!
Love it
Can't stop playing since I've downloaded this game. If I can play 24/7 I would!
So addicting & fun to play with friends!!  Especially when the friends are all over the country; another way to interact.
Play @
Love love this app! Warning: it's VERY addicting! It's fun and you can play Facebook friends or random people.
Love love this app! Warning: it's VERY addicting! It's fun and you can play Facebook friends or random people.
Great game
This game is sooo addicting
More of a challenge than I thought! Great game!
Fun so far.
Fun,quick paced,  challenging!
ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! SO FUN!
Fun
Fun and hard to do!
I enjoy this game so much. Very addictive one.. 5 stars
Really good game
I always loved boggle and loved playing it on my touch laptop...but now I got on my phone..anytime...the only thing that sucks is that its on coins and if u run out u can't play , u either have to wait or buy some.
I find I can't seem to put it down. I play it for hours and hours.
Fun game!  I luv it!!!ii
Good game. Works well all the time. No constant, intrusive ads as with Zynga's "Hanging with Friends".
I can't get enough of Scramble With Friends!
Lots of fun!!! I play with my family and friends.. love it!!!
love it!
Love it
Top ten games to have. Fun simple addicting and good for vocabulary.
This game is absolutely fun. Better than any other word game
Addicting:-)
I pick up other games but always return to this favorite. Fun for friends and family!
Awesome game! Soooo addicting and fun!
Awesome
I love this game and the ap works great!
When I'm bored
Lots of fun :)
Love this game! It' s  addictive but really helps to exercise your brain.
Love this game!!!!
I can't get enough of this game!
Such an addicting game.
Love this game I play it everyday!!!!
Love  love love it!!!
Addicting!
Love this game...my husband, and grand kids all play the game...
Boring
Fun and you get better after you learn the tricks. I'm still trying to get to 1000.
Awesome! Great game.
Its gd fun...it has been my old time favorite game...me n my son both enjoy it....
Its gd fun...it has been my old time favorite game...me n my son both enjoy it....
Like it
Love playing
This game rox! Super fun!
Fun & Educational i just wish we didnt have to pay to play
Love this game! My 2 boys (10 & 11yrs) both have smart phones, so we play against each other, really helps with spelling and it's FUN!!
Fun game.
Wish there was a way to play the computer .
Boggle but way better
Fun
I love this game. Its alot of fun.
Fun great free app
I love this game ad it's way better than Words With Friends!
Fun as hell!
Great game, tests my word knowledge and thinking.
Great game. Enjoy it tremendously
Super fun!
Great game! Lots of fun!
Great game! Lots of fun!
Fun game
Love it!
Addictive !
Fun game and easy to play.
it's fun&&is very intence.  DOWNLOAD FASHOOOO =D
Awsome game .. great time pass
Awesome game
Love the game but it freezes In The middle of my game and I lose time or the game Grrrr hate that but besides that best word game ever
Fun and addictive. No problems!  HTC incredible
Awesome game can't stop playing it. Don't want to pit it down.
Not as great but u can txt ya BBFLS best friends fa life
My favorite game to play with friends.
So far so good!
Love the game.
Love playing this game!! Keeps me thinking!  I play against my daughter and i've yet to win..lol!!
its good for English just that we find the word Luke tounge twiser !!!
Quick and fun.
Once you play..you can't stop!!!
It's so fun!!!!!!
Love it.....
Love it.....
Great sound effects! Challenging & addicting. Fun to play with friends or random opponents!
Constant freezing and takes up a ridiculous amount if memory
u can know new words in this game.  retrogression is not in this game.
Excellent game, good grafix and good features
Best game ever with added power -ups
Game ever I played!
Excellent game i love the way you get to find words and i love the way that you can resign!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
great game
Love this game!
Love it! Gotta think fast, but tons of fun and highly addictive!
Fun game, 'mon!
Great to keep up your vocabulary and stay in touch with friends.
I love playing this game. It's amazing how one person can see words another one can't.
Very addictive and challenging.
Great game
This game is wonderful because I am able to play with family members across the US
Loved this game before. Now I can challenge my friends! Can tell this will be addicting
Awesome game
Is fun!
Very addictive!
Cracking Game
Love the game but tokens should be regained every ten minutes not twenty.
Very addictive game.
Too bloated for me. Typical zynga focusing more on unnecessary flashy graphics than functionality.
Need more players!!
Very addicting, love playing this game with my friends
Fun and challenging game!
Addicting.!!
This game is addictive.  I enjoy playing with people I don't know & retaining anonymity.  Also, the fast pace makes the game thrilling and fun.  I'd love a challenge round forcing players to step their game up & winners should get some bonus coins!
Great game
I love playing this game its fun and exciting!
This game is addictive! I'm a waitress n families are at my tables playing this together! I love it though so yes it runs ur battery down.
Great time passer
An awesome game. Would love if u cud even add an offline version..with the aim to beat your personal best..so that i do not need a wifi ....:-)
Fun
Great
Probably the best word game out there
Great visual effects and sound effects are awesome too. Really addicting.
Great game. The best with friends game available!!!!  Sadly even though my time isn't all the way finished my game will end. I don't like that.
Great game to play when your at home all alone with a member of the family peace and quiet but company too excellent game keeps your mind busy :-)
Great game to play when your at home all alone with a member of the family peace and quiet but company too excellent game keeps your mind busy :-)
I love it
awesome game
This is great game
Mind crack!!
Awesome and addictive
Awesome and addictive
Totally addictive game. Be careful, you WILL lose track off time.
Since I started playing I've got addicted. But I get running out of coins!
Really fun
Easy, fun, entertaining!
Love this game but ads are annoying.
Great app.  Play on my Android and kindle fire.  Works well on both devices.  Ads are easy to get past quickly.  Only problem I've encountered is that I can't quit playing.
Love it
Gettin better
Only wish I could see a list of words I've played during the timed game, not just afterwards.
The only problem I have with this game is waiting 20mins for one token :-(
Love it
Great game!!
Fun as hell
Great game
It is super fun if you are a word person.
the game is great but I wish when you run out of tokens you can get free tokens by downloading apps or you could just shorten the time on the timer for another token im saying this because I love playing this game and I run out of tokens fast.
Sorta addicted..
BEST GAME EVER. I AM ADDICTED !!! PLAY IT ALL THE TIME.
LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
Eh
So fun
Great game...lots of fun!
Challenge me, im 92 and 5
I love this game its so fun
Fab game, love it : )
Awesome game ever
Amazing! No problems at all. HTC Vivid
Amazing! No problems at all. HTC Vivid
Love this game!
I had no idea that i was so illiterate until i downloaded this game:)
Good fun
With only 3 rounds you must be super quick. Though Playing at your own pace for this kind of game is not really my idea of fun, totally worth downloading
Great game but too many of same letters in every puzzle
Love it
Love this game just wish  you didjt have to wait for new coins and more words were accepted
I so enjoy this game... With Family and Friends.
I so enjoy this game... With Family and Friends.
Very fun and entertaining. Also stable, I haven't had an issue with it crashing.
Takes too long to find if it's my turn
Enjoy playing and is lots if fun.
I like this game so much and could not stop myself playing it all the time lol
Very addictive
Super slow now
Love this app!
Very addicting.  I wish there was a way to buy unlimited coins.
Really cool game
Great and entertaining.
A great game to pass time, and lots of fun.
Love this game!!!!
This game is awesome! !!!:)
This game is awesome! !!!:)
So much fun!
Love this one! I don't keep many apps on my phone but this one is a winner!
Addictive! Perfect for quick breaks.
Great fast fun game not a lot of wait.time for a move. My new favorite new game!
I love the game.
Great fun game.
Good clean family fun.  Enjoying it with all our children; and friends too!
I Absolutely Love This  Game .. Makes You Think
:-)
This game is great...
So much fun
Great game love it
Good game
iiLov3. it
iiLov3. it
iiLov3. it
Best version of scrabble ever
Easy to play, colourful and nice tones.
Easy to play, colourful and nice tones.
Best game ever! Better than words with friends def a must have on your phone!
Love this game so much fun
This us so much fun
Nice and fun
Brilliant!!
Love this game!
Fun way to interact with others. I use it whenever im bored and it definatley entertains me :)
Love it....
I LOVE this game but... It is frustrating that u don't get coins when u win, I keep having to buy them and when u purchase them they do not automatically reproduce. WTH? It is super fun and I am addicted but u need to change the coin issue. I never have to spend $ on Words w Friends, shouldn't have to on this game either. NEED to change!!!!!!! PLEASE!!!! Otherwise I would give 5 stars.
Like
Awesome
Love it
Still really enjoying this game after a few weeks of playing, which is a good sign!
Addicting
This game is pretty fun but y do I we have to purchase more tokens when we run out of dem y cent we gte tokens by winning, also how can I delete the people on there that I dent wanna with no more
Love this game!!"
Awesome!
Fast and fun game to play. Would give 5 star if players are allowed to cancel games that are waiting too long.
good game
Love this game!
It's ok
I really enjoy playing this game! I wish they would allow you to cancel games you start with friends that don't play you back or lift the limits on games you can start. My game is full of rounds waiting for people to play their turn and I can't start any new games. We should be able to cancel rounds that have been sitting there for days. No fun when I can only play a couple rounds a day.  Also I wish they had a practice mode so you could just play for fun while waiting on friends to play their turn.
Love word games imma spelling champ lol
Addicting
Addictive!
Excellent game!
Excellent game!
Its challenging but fun, wish we didnt have to wait 20 mins to get tokens !
Excellent
Awesome! !!!!
Great time pass
Great time pass
I love it
Love this game!
My husband and I love challenging each other.
Its so much quicker and fun to play...hands down ...just could improve loading TIME
Love playing this game, very addictive! Would highly recommend it.
I love the game more people should play.
This game is so addicting I totally love it
Awesome
Good
Totally addicting!
This game is so much fun I would recommend it to anyone! :)
Love this game .. so   addicting.
Fun game!!!
Have the AsusT300 and have had no problems
A great de-stresser!
Love this game!
Addictive
the Greatest
great for downtime!
This is a amazing game
:)
Havent had issues yet!
Of the utmost quality
Nicely presented and fun.
Love to play with family and friends. Coins should be earned from high scores.... NOT purchased!!!  My only complaint. May cause me to uninstall.
Love it!
Love it
Love it
Love it..
It is really slow
Great game to play against friends
Great
I really love this game !
Grat and fun game. Works perfectly fine.
awesome game just like big boggle its amazing very fun
I can't wait until it is my turn. Fun music game.
Period
5*
Love this game
Greatest game for couples
Great game
Really kool !!
Awesome game......the whole family has it on there, phone!!
It's addictive, this for sure. Great way to play a challenging game with family and friends.
Would be better if there was a single player mode instead of constant online.  Make that happen and 5 stars are yours Xx Ps. Works brilliantly on my S2 Xx
Love dis game
Love this game!
Love this game!
Love this game
I'm addicted!
Love it!
I love it so much
I like
I love this game only wish the coins come back quicker than 20mins. I really love how it shows words that you wouldn't have noticed or even known were words
I love this game only wish the coins come back quicker than 20mins. I really love how it shows words that you wouldn't have noticed or even known were words
Best app on my phone!
Only complaint is the fact that I hafta wait to get more tokens!!
;)
Love it!!!
Very good game
I play this everyday on my way to and from work on the train...Its soo addictive
This game is  awesome. Totally worth the download.!
So fun & addicting.
Awesome game
Best game ever. Really addicted to it. Nice and interactive. It allows u to play and chat with new friends!
da shyt i love it
A lot of fun good for the brains
It's great!
nicee
Fun game!!!!
Love this game! Boggle vs people on your phone. Excellent. Must have.
Best word game ever.
The thrill of playing against both time an a formidable opponent is exilarating.
Lots of fun!!
I love this game. It's highly addictive :-)
Fun game.
Love this game...just wish I didn't have to wait on others to play. No other issues.
F
Great game
Fun games, challenges with the scrambled words!
Scramble with friends
This is my heroin.
Lots of fun.
Leave me alone about rating this darn game already
Very cool game... But ya gotta be quick!
Very cool game... But ya gotta be quick!
I love this addictive game.
great game!
great game!
Love this game!!!!
It's keeps me busy
Good game
Such an addicting game!
Such an addicting game!
Great!
Love it
Better than words!
This game is addicting. This is a must have =D
Kept me entertained for hours! :)
So love it, thank you!
So much fun
Love word games. This one is pretty cool
I get impatient waiting for people to move!
Should have way more coins
I installed this on my samsung repp, and right away when I launched it encountered problems loading the game. Played 2 rounds with friends and everything stalled, restart phone. Went through this twice, removed battery and am now scared to try launching the game again as my other apps are finally working properly again. Love the game itself, just scared to play it on my phone now :-(
I have had no problems w/ this app. Love Scramble! Awesome game!
Awesome
Very addictive game...
You are awesome on making this game, so why does this show reading lesson for our brains! O_o did the help our brains, my uncle has some time upgrade that turns up to 15 seconds, so how do I get the item I want it. : (
I love this Game
Best game
Best game
Love this game, just wish there was a single player option.
Great, entertaining, fun and addicting game!!
Love it
No downsides
Great game. Gotta think fast. Real fast. :D
I love this game. Its addicting and challenging. Never had any issues with it.
No matter how good or clever you are, simple to play.
My socks are so rocked off by this game...even though I suck at it.
This game is so fun and addictive!!!!!!
Love this game....just wish the time in between getting a new token was shorter.
Ft
Classic Boggle
Fun game!!
The new update is awesome! Very helpful!
Boggle anywhere without the noisy shake of cubes
Fun
Awesome stress reliever.
Fun to play
Great game
Since I downloaded this, my phones been slower, and causes everything to force close... I moved it to my SD card, and same thing.... I am now trying to uninstall, then re install..  How it helps, this game is addictive and fun
the deal!!
It's great :D
awesome!
My husband and I play all the time!
Beside waiting on the tokens
Slows down and freezes phones a lot
I love this game is so much better than the other games I have on my phone
Love the game! Great way to challenge yourself, if there was a way to get more coins for winning certain amount of rounds would make it perfect
I hate this game because I cannot stop playing it. Easy to learn. Easy to play.
Love it
Good
One of the best games I've ever played! Need more coins though or at least when you buy the extras, make them cheaper.
I really like this, I play against my family and friends. Loving it. :-)
Except for Too much advertising
So much fun... Wish more people played.
Great interface and game play!
I love this game... I just wish yu didn't have to wait so long for new coins!!!
I love this game... I just wish yu didn't have to wait so long for new coins!!!
The app is engaging and user-friendly. I haven't experienced any problems using it.
Awesome.
This is a good game wow
simple fun sweet
It' amazing!!  I really enjoy playing my friends.  I just wish I could play it on my computer instead of on my phone
Great game, me and my wife love it.
Great
You can finally quit a game!
You can finally quit a game!
I love this game, it is so much fun
Completely addicted
Interesting that you could challenge your knowledge
I love this game
Highly engrossing and addictive..
AddictiVe
Love It!!!
Its a good app get it now
Addicting
I'm hooked
I'm hooked
Love this game!
Addicting and fun
Love playing!
Game is awesome.
this game is awesome!!
Very entertaining and user.friendly
Love this.  However, Freezes/slows on occasion
If you love words, you'll love this game. The satisfying gameplay will keep you interested and engaged. The power ups are GREAT when you need that second wind or inspiration . The sounds and graphics are rewarding without being invasive or distracting. More than likely, the only complaint is about the coin system. It prevents one from playing as often as they please. It's a little odd. Great game. Highly reccomended.
Entertainment for hours
Fast pace and works the mind!
I like it cause its a quick game doesn't take much time. It keeps ya thinking!
Great game!
Loving it. Can't stop playing!
Sweet game to play against friends
Everything's great. My suggestion, I hope words don't highlight at all when we touch on them
The most addictive word game I have played. Only please come up with a pass to player game mode.  If you do that then I rate it 5.
Cool game
Love the game and how fast it ends:)
This game is really fun to play, me and my wife love this game
Great game, great diversity.
The best and most addictive game!
Great fun game. I wish I could continue to play but i run out of coins. I refuse to purchase more coins. I just have to wait for it to reset.
love this game. More coins please.
Love love love it
Love love love it
love this game
Love it!!!!!
Good game love it very much
Great game
LUV THIS GAME & GOT MY FRIENDS IN2 2 :)
Just as good as the home version, without the drunk relative who screams out the words.
I like the game only thing I don't like is you should be able to use the same power up all 3 times if you choose to like before update
Lllloooovveee it
AWESOME
Play it everyday!!!!!
Play it everyday!!!!!
Addicting and fun game!
I love this game. It is so addicting!! You want to keep playing to get those words!!!! Fun, frustrating, addictive !
At first I thought it would be weird and boring but its super fun
Great tune up for playing scrabble
Best app to kill time.  Kind of glitchy on the galaxy x.  Doesnt have as quick of reaction time.
Addicting! But my game keeps freezing sometimes! Still lots of fun though! :)
I like it
I like it
Me and my hubby like to play this game its addictive :)
Fast pace, challenging, fun to play!!! Would like it better if you could win coins too!!!
Good way to pass time
This is a great game and I haven't had to worry about it freezing up or have it force stop.
Very fun no problems
Great game...
Great game...
Awesome!
It is great game. Lots of fun!
Love it
Pretty cool concept, I like it so far!
Awesome!
Awesome!
Fully addicting, but great way to rack your brain...keeps me on my toes.
It's fun and it exercises your brain at the same time
It's about time for some already. You can hook more people this way. Average score, high score, high round score, total wins vs losses against certain opponents... Etc.
LOVE IT!! Android
Awesome
I absolutely love this game! me and my fiance play almost everyday while we are on break from work
Fun game!
Love it, just wish people could keep up with me lol how about a solo-play version?
I want to play it more n more! It makes me mad that my 19 yr old daughter keeps beating the pants off me!
I want to play it more n more! It makes me mad that my 19 yr old daughter keeps beating the pants off me!
Love the game & the latest update! Only recommendation is to give me more coins & find a faster way to get them! As you can see I'm pretty much addicted. Almost 5 stars :)
Love it play it all day
Fantastic fun! Easy to learn and certainly makes you think quick
fun game!
I love this game wish it had other ways to learn more tokens
It's great!
This is a great game, I really enjoy playing we ith family, friends and masking new friends.
Very addictive. The only bad thing is when your opponents don't finished the round and  don't end the game, their is no cancel option.
Good fun. Never can beat anyone though.
Like this game
Scramble with friends
I love this app its fun and passes the time
I love this app its fun and passes the time
Wasn't expecting to like it so much. Nice fun game.
I suck at this game
Very fun and addictive game that will keep your brain sharp.
Great game. Fun. Runs like crap on a single core processor, like the iPod touch. Though great in other devices. Really wish zynga would make chess available to android.
Awesome game. Akin to boggle. Love to play!!
Love this game
Great game,  thumbs up
I only wished it had the ability to create test games, against myself.
I only wished it had the ability to create test games, against myself.
A+
A+
I can't stop playing scramble with friends ...help!!!
Keeps my mind sharp,  love the updates
Addicted
Great Game Play It All.Day Awesome Awesome Game Best Game Of 2012!!!
I really love playing this app!!! I play against my niece and her husband. Against friends I have talked with in a while. It is just an awesome app. Good job!!!
So much fun!!!!
This game is awesome :)
It's an amazing app , you will get addicted
It freeze sum Tim but it's good
Fun and easy but quite slow to load
This game is addictive!
This game is addictive!
Fantastic game to play with friends.
Fantastic game to play with friends.
Fantastic game to play with friends.
Too many "forced close" issues, often does not register selection, slow to load. I love the concept and was a favorite, but recent upgrades are a step in the wrong direction IMO.
Too many "forced close" issues, often does not register selection, slow to load. I love the concept and was a favorite, but recent upgrades are a step in the wrong direction IMO.
Very fun game!
Like it so much!! Its fun <3
Great game.
Great game and very competitive
Great game and very competitive
Can't stop playing. Lots of fun. Family is starting to get hooked too!
Fun game to unwind to and keeps you sharp
Yea
Luv it
Luv it
Awesome
Very addicting
Addictive!
This game is great, I can play it all day home or work!! I jus wish u could delete ppl that take to long on there turn....
Fun app!
Get free gift cards using an app called app trailer! Use promo code lbarrera22 to get 50 points!
Love this! Helping stir the brain cells.
Love this! Helping stir the brain cells.
I love this game
Luv it!!
Love it
it is a vary fun game to play even when i lose
fun game
Keeps my mind sharp.  A great way to decompress after a stressful work day.
Fun
I love playing this game
Lov it. Everyone should have this game
Very entertaining
This game is wicked! Would highly recommend it! Must have app 5* :)
Why is it If you win you DONT get coins? Why does it cost a coin just to start a game? In order to acquire more coins, you have to BUY them or wait 20min. Thats shady :( can we win them please?
Fabulous, fun & addicting. Highly recommended!
Fab!!!
It's fun
I love this game. Very addictive! The tokens are stupid!
Fun and good fast paced game for the brain.
Great game and its really fun. If you read this you should get it. You'll enjoy it. Hope you do. Thanks!!!
I nvr hv trouble with this app. I hv the print HTC EVO.
Fast-paced and intellectual,  this game is a great quick diversion from work.
Wish it could b played on Facebook, but still love it
Fun Game
Fun Game
I only wish more of my friends knew about this game!
You should add an over all win loss record
The tokens thing is a little annoying, but other than that a very addictive fun game!!
I like this new game. Its interesting and fast paced. Nice new word game! I give it a 10.
This game is amazing.i play it when on the toilet!
Love it so much fun between me and the family
Does the job
Compleatly addicting
Quite enjoyable time killer!
Greeat game
Great game. Loving it
It's exciting I never get bored!
Love this game....i cant stop playin it!
Keeps me playing and finds good match up games if your friends don't wanna play! :)
Such an addicting game!
Great
One of the best apps I've downloaded
awsome game
Can't get enough of this game!
Better than hanging up there w words
Very Addictive But Also Very Fun, This Is An Awesome Game, I Love It
It is so much fun
Love this app!
Great app tat let us hav much more intimate r/s w frenz! ;)
Addicted
Once you get the hang of it, awesome.
Play when bored at work
My new addiction
Brings boggle to a whole new level!! Must have if you like word games!!!
My husband and I play all the time.
Great!!
Very addictive
Very addictive
Very addictive
If u love boggle or word games in general! Then this is the game for u!
Once you start playing you won't want to stop, it is addicting!!!!!
Once you start playing you won't want to stop, it is addicting!!!!!
Awsome game
Love it. It's fast and fun.                .
N
Wow!!! Vry gud game...
Wow!!! Vry gud game...
Wow!!! Vry gud game...
Up until a few days ago, this app worked fine... Now, I can't even open it without it force closing.  Even after force closing it, the program continues to run (I guess) because I have to continue force closing it.  This has been reported a few times, but the issue is still present.
The only issue I have is if people don't play after a couple days we should be able to resign
Addictive as hell, and helps stimulate the mind. Remembering words I haven't used since school days.
Love this game!!!!!
Yup
The game is great, but it does freeze sometimes in the middle of your turn and you do lose your progress.
Absolutely lovee this game!!!!!!
The best!!! Nexus
Love playing this game
I actually love it, It's very addictive! Haha wanna play, look for me @yoRAUL
very well done.  this is a great way to interact with friends in a fun and whimsical way.  thank you.
Fun fun fun!
Like using the smart matches
Addictive!
Sooooo addictive!
I like it
Great
Loads of fun!
Great fun
Great fun
Wish I could get more than 14 tokens, maybe 25 to start!
Really competitive pastime.
Why did I wait so long to download this?  Its tooooo much fun!
Fun game.  Good way to pass the time for sure
Great game
Such a great game!!! Tons of fun, without any issues.
Dope!
Great game!!!!!
Fun....play it with my family....little bit of family competition! Wish the token thing was not such a restriction.
Addicted!!!!!!!!
Awesome game
Great fun
This game is addicting..
This game is addicting..
Very challenging game. Keeps me interested. Realize i need more work on my vocabulary
Out of all the "with friends game"s this by far is my Favorite! It's the best!
The only game I haven't gotten over in a week.
This game is soooo fun, addictive, mind blowing....I soooo LOVE it..
Fun and challenging
I absolutely love this game! I'm constantly checking to see when my turn is. Love the wordplay and the little helpers you can choose. I just wish the coins didn't take so long to load.
Love this game. They should change the words when you start a new game.
Finally can play with equal players.  love it
Works perfect.love this game!
Addicting, b4 I know it my coins are gone! Super fun!
Fun
Fantastic app....!!!!!
The best word game thus far
Addicting
Addicting
Fun.
Love it!!
It's so fun a lot like boggle but with an interesting twist
Excellent game! Wish there was a solo/solitaire option as well.  Great job guys.
I just love this game!!!!!
Good to learn  new words as well
This game is like a drug...
Fun gamw
Very smart. Better than coffee.
Well done! Cant get enough!
Super fun
Very fun and entertaining.couldn't stop playing.
Brilliant and addictive game.if you go too fast on the Samsung galaxy s2 it does crash then you have to start the whole game again. I play this every day though
Just heaps of fun.
Would recommend
Ots a great time killer but my wife cant put it down so we can have a conversation.
It's the best ever but I hate that u don't get coins for each person
Great game.
Fun and addicting game! Great way to pass the time and play against friends!
One if tha best social games ever keep up tha gud work
Love this game. I play my husband and kids. I just wish i had more coins. I always run out and have to wait.
Great game for everyone.
This game makes you think quick!  Challenging but fun!
I always whoop my wife at it!!
I always whoop my wife at it!!
This game is highly addicting if u enjoy these kinds of else games
funnnnnn funnnnnnn funnnnn
I love this game, better then any other!
Good game
So much fun!
This game is super fun. It's cool that I can play with my cousin from my kindle when their playing from their iPods u should totally get this game
love this
It's a fun quick game you can do with friends and mock eachother later for missing words or the words they come up with. If you prefer, play with a stranger, they usually do a good job pairing you up
Love this game! Just watch for the freeze power up, sometimes it doesn't give you all the time, but great little game!
Fun!
Beware! This game will get u addicted!
Great game.
Best game eva
Best game eva
Love it!
Great word game!
Works great on my rooted touchpad
Great Game!!!!  Keeps me entertained for hours!
Love it!
Excellent
Really fun game. No lag time, really smooth running. EXCELLENT FUN! the only criticism I've got is the waiting time for coins....
Despite that is freezes up sometimes (it might just be my phone) I think its a good a
Very addicting
I'm unable to play the game because a lot of my friends games are dormant. please create a delete button to remove them. thanks
Really enjoy this game.. would recommend to everyone :) very addictive
Fun
I like it a lot !
Great mind game
Easy to use. Keeps your brain active. Short games home on the move.
Love love this game even though I'm not good lol! Hey I'm getting better now!
Gd game
Very good keep up the good job
No force closed, lots of ads, but free so cool.
Very addictive once you get the hang of it.  Love it :)
Very nice app and great fun playing against friends...
I love this game....
This is a fun game, you can have fun trying to win and learn lol
I love this game.
More coins please
Love it.
Love this game!!!
Love it
I enjoy this! very fun and addicting
Awesome game
Boggle with bonus points, very addicting if you love word search games
I love it. It relax my mind
Never boring! !!!
I love this anxiety producing game!
This game keeps the time moving on a boring night.
This game keeps the time moving on a boring night.
This game keeps the time moving on a boring night.
Awesome! Great fun for killing a couple minutes.
The best word game
Great game! Very addictive
Fun & entertaining. Love it!
Love it!!!!!
I really like this game.  It helps me keep in touch with my sister and build my vocabulary. A few wrinkles but worth installing.
Very Addictive!!
Addicted!
Love the game!!!
Im a beast on this game I love it
Love it
I love this game its so much fun and i like competing with my friends and co workers! Love that you can find others to play with aswell great game overall..also works perfect on my galaxy sII.
No problems found
Love it!!!!!!!
It get your brain going
Really fun game!
Fantastic game!! Hooked for sure
Fantastic game!! Hooked for sure
Love it!! Sooooo addicting
Can't get enough. Wish i could get more coins.
I luv this game!!!
I luv this game!!!
Great game! helps pass time.
Great gameplay, no lag at all. + cool perks/power-up things. -Motorola Droid 4
This game is amazing!!
Super fun!
Love it its so addictive!!!
Addictive
Addictive
I love this game
Great game
Looove it, very addictive
Looove it, very addictive
Game is pretty Kool..
This Thor kind of game where you can learn new words and connect with people from all around the world
Nice!!!!! I'm addicted.
Love it!!!
Love it!!!
Addicting!
Fun game. Works great!
Fun game. Works great!
Love it
Nice game!!!
I love it
I looove this game. BUT, it freezes my tablet and gets "laggy" after a few rounds. I have to reboot or go under settings, running apps, and hit stop... Then reopen the app to start playing again.  It is by far my favorite game, so I am wiling to do this, but pleeeease fix asap! Samsung Galaxy 7" tablet.
Love it but addicting
Luv thiz game
Love this game
Love it!
Love love love this game!
like da game alot
Tons of fun!
Really fun and addicting!
Download it you'll b hooked
Great game
I love this game. Very fun.
So much fun when your bored! Passes time!!
FUN
FUN
Love it!!!
Fun game!
I LOVEEE this game!!! It's one of my all time favorites! I could play for hours! Just wish it wouldn't freeze sometimes and there were more coins. Also the ability to create your own character would be super awesome! ;)
Great game! I'm in love
Love it!
Love it....
Love it....
Love it
Great game for Word lovers.
Great game for Word lovers.
rules
LOVE IT!
Love it!!!
The update are even better
Remiscent of a bygone zynga game. I wish you could play against yourself.
Fast and addictive gaming that's like scabble  Bye
Fast and addictive gaming that's like scabble  Bye
Fun
Fun
Absolutely awesomely addicting!!! Got sum buddies I'm playing at work aswell as wife!!! Thanks!!!
If you enjoy word games such as scrabble boggle or upwords, this is the ultimate game for you. What's even more fun is you need to actually play with someone!
Good mind exercise,very fun !!
Great game
Great fun play via FB awesome no bugs or crashes recomend!
entertaining!
Fun game!
this game is addictive!
Awesome.
Awesome.
Very nice but you will loose your time just like that. Dont get too addicted
I wish my wang  was bigger
Fun!
This is my new favorite game. I just wish I didn't run out of tokens so quickly and that it didn't cost 1 token just to play. It should only cost a token if u choose to use your cheats. Play should be for free. Help should not be. And you should get tokens for each game you have going. Not 20 coins total to play all you're games. I run out of tokens after 2-3 games. Love the game but hate the tokens.
Brilliant game, so fast paced, I can't think fast enough!!
Addictive game to improve your brain power.
It's a lot of fun
I love this game. I do wish u could earn tokens for winning it something. Other than that it us super fun. My husband and I can't stop.
Great
This game is awesome
I love this game! It's awesome!
Great game to play with friends
Great game to play with friends
Excellent game!!!!  Keeps me busy day and night.....
I'm addicted to this game!  Ahhhhhhh
Its fun and keep u on your toes
Fun to play
Sewper funnnn :)
Easy to play, fun game.
Im addicted!! ;; great fun game.
Very good game....
Love this game!
Love this game!
Great game :)
Fun and addicting
Just wish smart match was faster
Very addictive
Love this game I am a big nerd for word games
Need sort out the game crashing very often!
Really good fun very addictive!!
Fun fun fun
Slow at times but awesome and addictive :)
Love it!
Totally consumes my downtime! Love this game!
One of my favs
One of the best word games out there, 2 thumbs up!!!!!
Awesome, never have issues with this app!
Love it!! Except I'm playing people who get 200 points while I'm getting 500 lol
Very fun game. Addicting too.
Lots of fun but you definitely have to make sure you have the time to play otherwise you won't get close to winning a game:)
Great to have. My wife and I have a blast with it.
Great to have. My wife and I have a blast with it.
Love this game on my phone!
Can never b tired of playin d game. Always eager to see the coins get filled up
It challenges you against yourself & opponent.
A very fun game trust me!
Excellent game for timepass and all ages. Addicted to it.
Closest I can get to boggle!
I am hopelessly addicted to this game, very well done,  it's a great mental workout and I love playing my friends, deserves 10 stars.
This game is so fun and addicting. I only wish it didn't limit the number if games you can start. It is probably good though because otherwise I would play all day.
This is so much fun
So much fun love it
Fun game!
The best game ever!!!!!!!!
Great game, no issues
It's fun sometimes it blanks out but its cool...
Fun game
Having so much fun with this game.
Having so much fun with this game.
Its fun. Love it
Great this game is great
Great this game is great
Can't stop playing
Thanks
Ha
And love that you don't discontinue my games just bc I don't play for a few days!
Scramble is a great game and a great way to past the time. I gave it five stars!
Very addictive.
Love it. It get my brains working.
Fun way to play with family & friends.
Good game but stupid token idea
Enjoyable game
It is a wonderful, fun, and educational game!  I play everyday,  sometimes 3 or 4 a day!  It helps me to think outside the box.  It helps strengthen my brain cells and my memory.  I am thankful for this game and for the person who shared it with me.  I have shared it with many other people.  They all love it!
This is one of my favorite games just wish they gave more tokens in 20 mins. But I love this game!!
Good fun game without overly annoying advertisements like a lot of other games.
Awesome. Super addictive and challenging.
You can play against your friends or random people. Works perfectly and is fun. Must download game app.
Love this game. Very addictive though. Bite size chunks of games - 2mins per round. Love it.
I love it
Fun game
It's a lot of fun but it needs to have a one-player version!
Great fun.  Addictive.  Gets repetitive though.
Great fun.  Addictive.  Gets repetitive though.
Terrific
No problem
Love this game would be better if you could win a coin for each winning round and two coins for winning the game
Kooool
Need more coins faster but fun game!
Gotta try it to, addicting!
A great way to keep the cobwebs out of the grey matter
A great way to keep the cobwebs out of the grey matter
This game is wonderful to play with my friends and family. No issues on my galaxy...
Easy to play. Fast games. Lots of fun.
Love the game. Don't like waiting for an opponent. It would be nice if you could play against the computer while waiting.
When you start playing there are not very many words to see in the square. All of the blocks of words have 300 or 400 words. You just have to learn to see them. Everyday you can see more and you just laugh at yourself
Love it!!!
Way better than Words with Friends!!!!
I love this game, I'm just not about to spend real money to get more coIns.What will they come up with next?
I like it cuz it teaches u new  words
Great game
Love game. Addicting
Amazing app love this game
very addictive brilliant
Real fun game!!! Must download!!!thanks for this super game!!@
Good time killer
-stars because I don't receive any notifications, EVER :(
My new favorite game to play. If you are a word person you'll love it.
Awesome. Wish it had solo playing mode but nevertheless, awesome.
Addictive,fun game,love the chat,lol
Excellent game!!!
Great. Game
Great. Game
I love this game you can play with friends
Love this gae
Great game for Android devices
I hsv lots of fun playing n gets to push myself. The prob wif this game is u hav to wait a very long time for a coin. How abt a coin for every game u win?
Love this game! I play it every day. I wish there was a way to earn coins since the new options use up the coins. Also, more time on the clock!!
Great app, addictive and challenging, without the guilt!
Great game....
Great game....
Great application for passing time while exercising the brain. Token reloads should be bit more frequent for consistent game play. I give Scramble With Friends a 4.5/5
Great apps game!
This game is brilliant it really makes you think and builds your vocabulary
This game is brilliant it really makes you think and builds your vocabulary
I love scrambler!! Awesome game to pass the time.
Love this game. Hubby and I play all the time.
This game docks!!! Except for it takes hella battery
One of the only games where my wife and myself are not better or worse than each other.
Awesome game,u guys should try it
I thoroughly enjoy playing
My daughter and I love this game. It is really helping her with spelling...
Great game! i love it....But I also think that we should get a free coin for every game we win..and wait less time for a new coin cuz 20 mins can be a long wait..
Of all the games i have ever downloaded this is one game i never get tired of. It's fun and it makes me want to beat my last word score everytime!
good! a little slow for droids.
Love this game. Still learning, but I can't put it down. Created multiple games just to keep playing!
It's a fun game to play with friends
Fun but lots of levels repeat... See lots of same words... Winner of each round should get a coin! Coin system limits play.
Totally fun game!...I play it all the time...been meeting all kinds of good competitors just like myself:)
Best word game ever.!
Zynga, if I rate scramble 5 stars, you need to feed my addiction with more coins!  Tons of fun limited by coins. Didn't like the coin concept at first but It's the only way to keep me from losing my job and family. My addiction Is strong for this fabulous game!
Zynga, if I rate scramble 5 stars, you need to feed my addiction with more coins!  Tons of fun limited by coins. Didn't like the coin concept at first but It's the only way to keep me from losing my job and family. My addiction Is strong for this fabulous game!
i really lov this game i play all my friends.the only problem i hav is that we should get coins when we win a player.we shoulden hav to buy coins when this sapose to be a free game to have fun.
I absolutely love this game! My only recommendation is that you get coins more often.
I absolutely love this game! My only recommendation is that you get coins more often.
Love it.
Love it!!!
great game
Awesome not just another game it actually makes you think and use your brain which is better than flinging birds at green pigs
Other than a few missing words this is a great game
love this game...so super addictive!!!!
It is so much fun great job
Pls update acceptable words. Does not take many medical terms.
I love word games and this is one of my favorites. I could play it all day!!!
I love word games and this is one of my favorites. I could play it all day!!!
Great game...I'm addicted!
Love this game, every one should play it! Fun way to pass time!
Absolutely love this game!
lots of fun.
Really like this one!
Really like this one!
Love this game!!!
Awesome game..highly addictive
I love to beat my girlfriend on this game!  (;
*AlciJill* my username. Play against me
HATE the coin system :(
Love but eish tokens were unlimited or if u win u got some
Love it!
Love it!
Luv this game
Great app/game! Really fun and cool. Although I would very much appreciate a larger vocabulary to choose from! Thanks!
Great app/game! Really fun and cool. Although I would very much appreciate a larger vocabulary to choose from! Thanks!
Great app/game! Really fun and cool. Although I would very much appreciate a larger vocabulary to choose from! Thanks!
Anyone feel like peggy hill?
I play this with my grown-up children every day.  Keeps me in touch with a fun game.
Very fun game. Love It
Love this game..
Just stinks that you have to wait for coins or buy them, otherwise fun and addictive enough to remain installed on my phone:)
I'm kinda addicted to that game. The only problem is you have to wait for 20 mn to have a token.
Lots of fun!
Love it
Love it!
Great game, just dont like playing against same person even when i choose a random game.
Very addictive. I love it!
Love playing this
I love this game so much! No major technical issues other than getting an incorrect notification that my opponents made a move.
I love this game! Me and my husband lay in bed almost every night and play each other for like an hour.  Very addicting!
I really enjoy playing this game
Very fun nd addictive
Love this game
I love this game!
Just like boogle, love the extras.
Excellent and addictive game
I love this game I love competing against my family members also this game actually keeps us intouch with eachother
Awesome game to kill time.  Runs very smoothly
But its juss                                   Awesome
Cool game! I love how it's linked with facebook. The power ups are awesome. No complaints! All around great.
Awesome game :)
Love this application
I love this game because it brings more excitement to English, though the language is super exiting!  ^_^
Love it....so addictive
I likes teh app. :3
This game issssss addictingggg :D
Love this game!!!
Love this game!!!
I love the game
I have become addicted to this game!  Challenges the mind.  My only comment would be if there were instructions on the "help" options
Addicting!
Ammzing game!
I love this game
Should give a few coins for a first time rate. Just saying
Love it addicting
Great game.Love it!
Great game.Love it!
Great app keep.up the good work
I love this game, its so awesome I njoy playing.
So addicting, I play a few times a day...
Great game addicting
Great stuff!
Love it
Very fun game!
Best one ever
Fun
great game even thou wife keeps winning
Umgeee . This app is AMAZING , as so the title claims . Umm . Its fun , challenging . & I LOVE IT . It's great . So . What are you waiting for ? Stop wasting your time reading this , when you can be downloading it , GO  . GO NOW ! ;D
Love this. Play with family and friends all over the world!
terrific.
Fun game
Love this game!
Great and easy. Just wish u could buy more time.
Its fun
Love this game!  Keeps the mind working &  I love competing with friends.  This game is awesome.
This game is challenging and the more you play three better you get.. I'm a big fan.
Good times!
Great time waster.
Fun!
Fun easy and super addictive!
Very fun
Nuff said
Very fun game
Love it!
Great game can't Stop
Hopefully I'll be able to beat my friends one of these days.!!
Freezes my whole phone. :P if fixed, then I'll download again..
Fun and addictive
Its definetly a time burner
so addictive!!
Love it
I like it!
It is addictive....<3
I love the game but it freezes a lot while the clock keeps ticking
Just freezes up on me sometimes u should get rid of the "time freeze" power up if ure gonna have the "vision" power up, and add a new power up to replace the time freeze..just cause it is basically the same power up, but great game overall
The best game ever!
Nice & entertaining.
Nice & entertaining.
Love this game.
Love this game! It's awesome!
Great game!
I love scrammble...its a great way of playing and communicating with friends...it also helps to improve literature skills in the aspects of spelling & vocabulary!!!:):)
Very fun game, it test you wits,speed and vocabulary, only dis like is that you have to use coins to play and at times it takes so long for coins unless you buy them.
Very fun game, it test you wits,speed and vocabulary, only dis like is that you have to use coins to play and at times it takes so long for coins unless you buy them.
I really enjoy this game its lots of fun I been hooked since the first time I played but I do have some complaints I hate waiting 20 mins for more coins why must we wait 20 mins 2 get only 1 coin? Why don't the winners get rewarded coins 4 high scores? Why not reward the players with coins 4 spelling big words? I hate it when I wait 20 mins 4 a coin 2 play and my screen freezes up r even worse than that my phone totally shuts itself off!! I luv the game but hate the flaws!!
Love it just learning how to play
Great addictive game, but has some glitches. Constantly says need wifi to run, and won't load, but when it does, is a lot of fun.
It's easy to understand & play, and a good way to pass the time when you have 2 minutes to kill
Love it...
Entertaining and fun. Makes you think and be creative. I enjoy playing.
I love playing this game u can play with your friends and if u don't have anyone they'll pick a random person
Great game for grown ups who can think and link quick :)
Excellent game.  Worth the download.
Love this game
Lots of fun!
5 *
Cool Game!
Quick easy to play. Connect with FB friends and let the games begin.
Great game.  Freezes phone ALOT though. Droid X2.
Great game.  Freezes phone ALOT though. Droid X2.
Its cool
Its cool
Good game.  Fun
I might not be the smartest person in the world, but it doesn't take a rocket scientists to know this game is fun and helps with making your brain work. Thanks and I love this game
I might not be the smartest person in the world, but it doesn't take a rocket scientists to know this game is fun and helps with making your brain work. Thanks and I love this game
Absolutely love this game Im on it when ever i can grab 5 mins from my 5 kids my hubby my husky pup and my nephew n niece who are currently sayin with me on a little holiday lol when i click on this game i know its my time...love it :-)
lots of fun for me
love it
Great game
I love it :)
So much fun!!!!
Cool game passes the time
Awesome
Very addicting game. I am not that good but i get better as i play ;)
This very fun, fast paced game is quite additive!
Solid
Solid
I love this game!  It's very addictive!
Nice game, kills time
I love this game and would recommend it to anyone !
Fun to do with my wife.
Its addictive... I like
Love this app
Great game
Love this.. The more I play the better I get...
It's free no complaints here ... Thank you
Luv playing. This game !
Luv playing. This game !
Love this game, faster coins would be nice me and my wife are so addicted.
Love this game. Hate waiting for coins.
Very good and addictive
Love this game! Nothing wrong with it! Well maybe it will if you have a suck phone and service.
Good Thanks
This game is absolutely great
Good times
Love it
best game to challenge your mind
Works great on RAZR maxx. I would like a pure mode without the bonus helper thingies.
The fun of course depends on who you are playing against
Take out the tokens!! other than that great game  Idownloaded free version because iam broke ..duh put the coins on pro version
Good addictive game
Addicting!
Lex
Wish I had more opponents.
Great game, no bugs, fun!
I wish there were more tokens to play, but this is a great game.Much better than words with friends.
I wish there were more tokens to play, but this is a great game.Much better than words with friends.
Fun and addicting
I truly love this game and hope more people catch-on and start to play.  Zynga, stop oimiting the number of games a player can start.
Thought this game would be hard to figure out when trying to play with your friends. It is super easy though fun addicting. Must have game for the phone. Thanks
Thought this game would be hard to figure out when trying to play with your friends. It is super easy though fun addicting. Must have game for the phone. Thanks
So much fun!
There should be a way to earn coins or something! Or like another suggested only pay for power ups
The title says it all.
I love playing this game!!!!
Love this game I play it everyday just wish it wouldn't take so long to get our free coins. Otherwise this game is lots if fun!	I love this game!!! Just wish we didn't have to be limited on how many games we can play! Otherwise I love it lots of fun!
nice
Is awesome
I love this game, it's great for filling time and sound effects are motivating when you get lots of points for words you've made!need to give you more coins!
Love it!
I love it! It's an additive  game!!!!
Great fun to pass the time
Great fun to pass the time
Love this game.  Just wish I had more stars to play with.  Could play this game for hours.
Great game!
Very addictive and challenging
Very addictive and challenging
Great game but it freeze too many times. Find myself rebooting game a lot.
Great game but it freeze too many times. Find myself rebooting game a lot.
Love this game
Love this game. Superb App.
My favorite game on my phone. Love it!
My favorite game on my phone. Love it!
I love it .. play it all day long just gotta get better at it. Brill. No complaints
Great game
Nice game to play, can know more vocabulary..
I love this game!!!
I love this game!!!
Will be better if able to play against computer instead of waiting for  player.
Super awesome, Super addicting game!!!
Love it!
excellent
If you like boggle,.you'll like this.
Love playing it. Addictive to the point of cannot stop playing. Cant you reduce 20mins to 10mins so we get more game play. I can see why you dont as those who cannot wait buy coins to continue playing.
Fun game.
Love the game !! ,just wish there were more coins !!!
Great fun game
Such a fun and addicting game! And it makes your mind think faster and expands your thinking process :) definitely a great game to download! :D
Such a fun and addicting game! And it makes your mind think faster and expands your thinking process :) definitely a great game to download! :D
Two thumbs up!
Great game! No complaints other then I'm addicted!
I like it
Love this game
Great word game
Brilliant game, just hard sometimes haha. PS those with low end phones should stop complaining (Samsung Ace)
Love this game & fact you can play either friends, family or strangers. Works fine on my Sony Arc
How about it being FREE to play and extra coins ONLY when u use the extra power ups? Why coins just to play, anyway?
Im hooked
Awesome and addictive!!!!
My favorite addiction
Play it multible times a day for months now!  "Unbeatible"
Such a fun game!
Nobody wants to play with me cause I am so flipping good!
I love this game!
nice
Love it
Makes a nice distraction anytime.
Makes a nice distraction anytime.
Great game, super fun but a huge time suck. My fault I guess. I'm addicted for sure.
I love it and don't know why I didn't try it before. A puzzle with a time limit. Down side is the tokens. Why have a limit on playing? Maybe make it per match? Also an awesome game.
Great Game!!!
Love
Thanks for another great game! My only suggestion to make it so regular coins were used and paid for coins were bonus when those were gone............ I would buy coins more often if the daily coins were used and then paid for coins were used.
Very fun and challenging. Fun for "Wordies"
This game is great and addicting.    La Shaun
So much fun.
:)
Love to play!
Love it!
This game is amazing, you really gotta use your brain to play, its fun ! I promise yahhhh... P.S. you can't beat me !!!!!!!!!! I'm undefeated !
Soooo much better than words with friends!
Great game...but the coins are annoying
I love this game its one of the best multi player games out there
Love it!! Addicted!
Love it
Great games
I love it
Should give new letters but whatever. Still fun.
Kinda lame you can't play by yourself to practice...
A lot of fun. Fast and competitive. Wish i could play alone.
:)
:)
Great time, works brilliantly on the Samsung tablet. Smartmatch is a fantastic feature
G
G
Love it!!!!
Love it!!!!
Love it!!!!
Has alot of freezing that leads to other problems so annoying I uninstalled. But I do love the game its awesome. Needs improvement though
A good game to keep your mind sharp
A good game to keep your mind sharp
Fun game!  I'm new so not real sure how to play but I'm learning.
Love the game. Wish  I was better at it!
Great game
Fun to play, but slows down my HTC at times.
Love the game make it better so it goes faster I'm not good but I'm not bad people just need to play quicker not days later like 4 or 6 or 9dayslater
This is the best
I love his game.  Highly addictive.  Wish coins weren't needed to play each game
Good app!
I play it on my LG Esteem and it works fantasticly...amazing game :)
Very fun and addictive
Very nice that I get free coins to buy inspiration and vision. Great features!
Love this game.
Fun game
Can't stop playing. Very fun. Challenging!
Great spin on the classic game
Love it
Acer Android Tablet. Great game, addictive!!
I can't get enough of this game.  I play it on my ipad as well as my droid.  Love it, just wish they would not limit the tokens.
Love this game! Learnt some words! :) add in the meaning of the words?
Love this game, it is so addicting.  Sometimes it freezes my phone though.
Love this game!
Endless fun...
This is a challenging fun game. 5 stars for sure
So glad this is finally on Android. I seriously almost went back to iPhone to be able to play Scramble. :)
Great game, love that u can play random players as not all my friends play & when they do they sometimes take their time!!
Way better  Thin words wit friends but cn get borin afta uh while
I love it!!!
Absolutely the funnest word game I've ever played!!!(:
What a wonderful game. I have no friends who are into word games like this, so being able to challenge random people online is fantastic. I love this game.
What a wonderful game. I have no friends who are into word games like this, so being able to challenge random people online is fantastic. I love this game.
I really enjoy this app.
Pretty fun kinda addicting when you get the hang of it
Completely addicting
Provides enjoyment when i'm bored.
Love this game!!!!!
Wish I could remove people who don't respond after four days, even if I invited them to play
Wish I could remove people who don't respond after four days, even if I invited them to play
Highly recommended
Only comment,  its far too addictive. No quibbles,  fantastic interface,  smooth operation,  all round definitely a 5 star experience
Love it! Really makes u use your thinking cap.
Love it
New way with words.
I love this game!
Freezes ALOT..... Other than that this game is addictive!!!
Great game, keeps you sharp.
Love the game. A lot play it all. The time.
X
Works well and is fun to play others It would be nice if it would load more info so you could play the game for a while when not connected to the wifi
Works well and is fun to play others It would be nice if it would load more info so you could play the game for a while when not connected to the wifi
Great fun & quick to play
Must have app to play against mates or friends
Awesome game love it love itt
Very little bugs & has nice variety through the periodic updates which offer different powerups. A little more variety would be nice but overall a must have for users that like to play each other.
Sometimes it jams and I have to restart and sometimes my Swyping doesn't work great, but overall I enjoy it a lot.
Absolutely addictive!!!!
FunGame, addicted to it!
Game runs slow on my Droid Charge, but I think that's the device, not the app.  The powerups add a bit of strategy to the game.  Casual word-gamers will enjoy this.
Fantastic fun taking only a few mins each time - very addictive
Favorite word game!
yep UN huh
Very fun with friends .
Love it!  Wish you could have options for a longer time like 2, 3, or 5 minutes to play.
I love this game, only complaint is the game takes my tokens for the power ups even if I don't use them!
I love this game, I always play with friends and family and random opponents! I love all the Zynga games!
A great game, great set up, could use a little improvement, but nothing comes to mind. Overall a very addictive game
A great game, great set up, could use a little improvement, but nothing comes to mind. Overall a very addictive game
Fun to play
addictive and fun to play with friends and family
This game is addicting!
I just wish I could have more games going then what is allowed.
It's a lot of fun! I look forward to my notifications when one of my 'friends' has played their turn and I can play again.
Just wish you weren't limited to only 10 open games.
Brilliant,good time passer and mind exercise
Quick and fun.
It's fun and makes me use my brain!! I like the use of tokens bc for me it limits how long I play. Lol Every now and then I get an error but that's expected. But great app overall!
Best ever
Enjoy playing the game. Really makes you think
easu way  to play with friends
A blast
Love the game!!!
Love the game!!!
I like that I can't see my opponents score until after the round is over. It makes me want to try and score high.
Fun
Slow at times, but loads of fun! Will add all my friends.
Great game to play when you have a few minutes.
Great game to play when you have a few minutes.
Good
Can't put it away
This app is the best. I love it so much. Get this app. It is so addictive.0__0
This app is the best. I love it so much. Get this app. It is so addictive.0__0
Awesome game
Fun game
Can pick this up at any point and get engrossed. Only downfall is the coin system but not enough of a drawback to change the fun factor of this app for me.
Fun fun fun
Good
Good game, definitely worth the download
Good
So addicted to it...
So much fun, thanks developers!!
So much fun, thanks developers!!
Love this game. Lots of fun
i love this game
Great game lots of fun
Awesome app
Fun, creative, and a big brain teaser!
Love it
Love this game and its extremely addictive.
Really addictive
Thank you.
Addictive fun!!
Great game, fun on the go!
Love that you can play friends...works great!
Love it!
Love it
Best game ever!!
I love this game!
Hahaha <3
Love it
Love it
I really love this game so much!
Most addicting game ever. Fantastic.
I like this app i can play scramble with my friends when i cant go out with them!great app!!
An addicting brain game.
You will love this game :) I do
I love it....it is a great game .
Love it!
Love it!
It's always fun to show you're better than your peers, lol.
Addicting. Also great for when you just have a couple minutes. Rounds are short.
I was playing woth my friend,the pop up notif to indicate my turn was a bit lag in time..shud work on that
Its a great game im just not very good at it
Once you start you cannot stop. Takes abt a week to get the hang of it :)
I can't stop playing, well until I run out of tokens! Lol! Very addictive!
Although I can't win I love it
Hate when people don't play!  But love the game .
Hate when people don't play!  But love the game .
This game is tons of fun
It's good
Really like this game!!! :)
Awesome game! Keeps me entertained.
LOVE THIS GAME
Love speed spelling and kicking my brothers butt all in one game it brings a smile to my face every time he says I didn't see that
Excellent
TOO MUCH FUN! Even if my wife DOES kick my rear routinely.
AWESOME FAST GAME ADDICTIVE
Fun vocabulary builder.
love it!!!
I am completely obsessed
Really fun. Keeps old brains active.
Having tons of fun!
The scramble game is awesome. Slowly u find yourself addicted to the game
good
I like to play. Just wish I thought of words faster!
I like to play. Just wish I thought of words faster!
Love this game. a little slow at times. But love it.
If you already like words games, you'll love this game.  Rounds are quick, you can play @ your level.  I have no complaints.  I play w/ hubby everyday.  Ads are minimal :)
Great
Great
I love this game! Works great on my nexus 7. To those that complain about having to pay for coins or wait for coins...do you think the game developers spend all their time creating a game, troubleshooting a game and making sure it's compatible with all devices, etc...and they should just let it be completely free? Don't you think they have bills to pay too? If you can't afford to buy the coins (like me)...at least you can still play.
Looooooove this game!
Looooooove this game!
Love the game!
Wish you had the option to play by yourself. Plus there is too much time in between coins. Other than that its great.
+you learn some new glarb was a new one for me. Works good freezes now and then
amazing game... i love it... just give 2 coins together instead of one every 20 minns
best
Good!!!!
I like to play Scramble  with friends as I can have a chance to compete with my  friends.
Love this game!
Another awesome addicting game to play with friends and family and even people I don't know! I enjoy this game!
I Just Love This Game .!!' :))
Love the combination of two games !
This game is great it passes time well I have no complaints
Truly love it!!!
Love it!!!
This game works excellent with my HTC Evo 4G 3D. Never had a problem and it's really fun and addicting. Love how you can add your friends and compete with them. No negative reviews from me :)
Very smart game. Very fun as well.
This game is so addicting lol
Fun
Love this game, only wish they had a single player game instead of waiting for partners to play...
Entertaining. Keep in touch closer with loved ones.
Yes
Great game, love it. Also like that my vocab is growing!
Good time killer
Great, fun and entertaining.
Playing with all my coworkers, such fun
Fun in five minutes flat
Great game, incredibly fun! Works well on my HTC Sensation. Only wish tokens could be earned more quickly on free version.
I play everyday.
Addictive
Even though I'm terrible I cant stop playing!  :-D
Even though I'm terrible I cant stop playing!  :-D
Need tokens to come faster    Or if i purchase tokens i should still be able to earn the other way too!
Do wish you could play more without running out of coins
Love this game
Like it alot :-)
I thought I had trouble putting Word Up down (single player).  This is crazy going head to head with friends is so much fun!
glad they finally made it compatible for my note
glad they finally made it compatible for my note
Awsome game!!
Excellent game!
Very challenging and addictive.
Very challenging and addictive.
Love it!!!
love it....its fun to play
I just love this app! Passes the time and makes me challenge myself!
My favorite game!
Fun
I cant put it down
Great game. Lots of fun, ads are bearable
Seriously this is a must play everyday! Love everything about it! Brilliant!
Its awesome
Hi               .
I likw this game because its quick and easy to play but difficult to get a high score.
This game is so much fun.
I fucken love this game.
Love it play all the time needs more coins though
So fun luv it this is just wat everyone needs
so much fun!
so much fun!
Great app
I love to spell and this game us great!!!
So addicting
So addicting
Love it! Very addictive
This is really fun. Can't stop playing it.
This is really fun. Can't stop playing it.
This is really fun. Can't stop playing it.
This is really fun. Can't stop playing it.
I love this game!
I like it...I just never win...hahahaha
I love this game
Have so much fun playing this game
Love this game!
