Worked at first but now a days not connectomg
This app cannot be used for commercial use even if you are a licenced Teamviewer holder. Lame! I get connection denied errors and there is no way to register the app for commercial use. Useless.
Stated on Google it could read aspx files. Which it can not. I don't want to link to someone's computer, what use is that? Thanks for lying, Google.
There is problem in signing in with account,  please fix
m  not able to connect my galaxy tab 2 to my laptop remotely
This would be a great solution for those wishing to keep track of multiple household PCs from remote locations but the random and frequent logouts with requirement to re enter the password (despite the "save password" checkbox being selected) make this an incredibly inconvenient app to use. I've decided to piecemeal my own solution together from other apps and write the necessary code to bring them together rather than continue on.
When I open something on my computer, it doesn't show on my phone. My phone can click it but not show that I have clicked it. Update please
I enter the program and can not control anything, shortly automatically disconnects from the server, I reconnect the computer and automatically disconnects. On the PC use the latest version.
The program works very well, but when you try to close the program you get a nag advert to get the commercial version and that hangs my computer. This makes the program useless for me.
This is only half of what the desktop version is with out the VPN. It would be nice to have a secure VPN through Teamviewer for android web access.
The app locks up on launch, occasionally launching into a vicious cycle of crashing, restarting, and crashing again with no opportunity to shut it down.  On the rare occasion that I do get the app to load properly, and manage to make a connection, it instantly causes my host machine (windows xp sp3) to reboot.  Every. Single. Time. I really wanted this to be a great free alternative to logmein , but at this point in time its just an exercise in frustration.
Says I have no connection to the internet, but I have full wifi. Love the app on the pc, but this is totally worthless, I'm disappointed. Samsung galaxy tab 2, wifi.
i hate this app it never works
(Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0) Tested this on my home computer and was immediately disappointed. The display is covered with black horizontal lines and does not accurately reflect the current state of the target computer.  On my computer, I minimized the browser. On the tablet, it still showed a maximized browser. I tapped the screen on the tablet, and on the computer I saw that I had in fact right-clicked on something. So I know the app is sending commands, it's just not showing the display correctly. This will not do. UPDATE: I tried pocketcloud instead and it worked great. So it's not my setup that's to blame, it's Teamviewer's fault. Lowered from 2 to 1 star now that I know for sure.
... you have to use a 4 digit password provided by their server... no access control other then the FOUR DIGIT PASSWORD. No IP restrictions, no per-user restrictions --WILL NEVER UNINSTALL... IT REMOVES FROM LIST BUT WILL RUN IN BACKGROUND FOREVER
Great app, but unlike its desktop version this one is more like a little spy. I don't think like I want to allow ANY app to have access to all my private and personal information, such notion is just ridicoulus when all we want is to access the REMOTE device!
The service has significantly declined over the past 2 years. I get "commercial use detected" and can't connect for more than 58 seconds. Of course I've only ever used it to connect to my home pc and my grandfather's. Now they want $700? Their costumer service is a joke and never responded. There are way better solutions out there. I now use Ammyy Admin (FREE) for desktop connections and any of the Remote Desktop apps on the market will do the same thing as this one using public routers or the windows RD protocol instead. Also be warned that in their EULA, they give themselves the right to take personally identifiable information off your computer.   I sincerely hope this company-- with their shady limitations, DATA MINING, and wretched customer service-- fails very soon.
Does not show computer screen using Android 4.1 Jellybean. Only shows info screen and reverts back to app menus. Using Hash's JB ROM on Kindle Fire. Will give 5 stars when it works.
Not working for my HTC desire C   It says connection problem even though my net is working
Warning!  Version conflicts!  Latest versions of Teamviewer for Windows on both PC's at home and latest Android version on Galaxy Tab. Can no longer connect to either partner.  Error message states I can't connect because partner is running newer version.  Thanks for nothing Teamviewer!  Can't fix until I get back home in two weeks.  Should have stayed with LogMeIn!
i was using wifi to use internet and this app gave error of "no internet connection"
I am using a Galaxy Note but it wont let me select or open any file. I can scroll but cant select and logging in is very slow. Please fix thanks
Every time u have to enter password... Very poor application...
Installed a trojan on my pc after using this program
Stops updating screen when accessing DirectX apps remotely, no way to force screen update
It is a very bad
This app sucks! Laaaaaaaags like hell & always pops up a sponsor support crap in the middle of my show. Like 3 times per show! Ugh.... Back to winremo
not working good with xperia x10
Its really not working.
I really want to love this app but i just can't. It's not working for me when i input the teamviewer ID and Password just nothinf happens the loading pop up on my phone closes and nothing happens.
App is free but commercial version is way too expensive. Should be a per use or monthly price available
before this previous version was good. i am a user of teamviwer from 7 yrs in my laptop but this application in market is worst doesnt store id & password and always show sign in prblm check network even i have full network. checkout ur application before u update u teamviwer support team...
The controls are AWFUL. I love Team Viewer for the PC but the Android and iPad apps are unusable due to the insane gestures.
kommt öffter vor das man das Passwort neu eingeben muss obwohl es gespeichert war!! bitte shared preferences überprüften!
Works great, no glitches
First of all I come from Hong Kong where we use traditional chisese and english here, not simplified chinese.  Please update your language support because I don't understand a word. Second, on this tablet, the touch on the screen doesn't match the mouse pointer on the client. Thank you.
I keep having my sessions broken by requests to re-enter the password. 5 stars if this is fixed! Droid Incredible S.
Love team view on pc but the mobile app does not work well.  Slow, poor resolution.  Needs more work.
New version does not refresh screen. It was such a killer app though. HTC incredible
Best in branch!
I couldn't figure out how to do anything. Can you even talk on this shizz? Not worth it.
Limiting sessions to 5 minutes was a real deal breaker. The only other downside to an otherwise amazing app is lack of audio streaming. I would pay as much as $30 for a full version, but the $750 on your site is absurd
After i update my teamviewer i cant find the log in section it seems thay it have been removed
Latest version does not remember passwords so need to sign in to partner list Everytime
it keeps connecting to internet.
After the latest update it doesn't stay logged in and continuously prompts for password, even when just switching apps.
Does the screen scroll the opposite way to what you expect! Makes it really difficult to use!! :-(
Best remote application available!
Very unhappy about last update. IP address aren't saved. Need to enter it every time I want to connect. Please bring this back. Will be installing a older apk.
Whats weong cant download error 500
Owsome.....lvin it....
ضال بل بس سيف ل
Low quality and slow connection. If u use splashtp hd you will be very amazed about it. Idk how but spashtop offer u very fast connection and best quality. I can even play game on android. With team viewer, it is impossible.
Won't even open on samsung fascinate.  Just goes to black screen and force closes
very nice
I used it with my acer and nothing happen only shows the screen I can't even click with it
Cool
Very flaky connection. Runs slowly and the mouse doesn't always work.
Everytime i download this app it crashes my phone.
I love this app, I've been using it for a while. I have the Epic 4G Touch with an ICS custom ROM and it won't install to sd card or to usb storage (phone) now. I wonder if it's an ICS thing or this custom ROM.
Won't install on my motorola atrix. Flagship phone and can't use team viewer.
I don't really see the good side of the new version 7. Its not working at all.
No way to connect with mobile app to control my pc,need some work or something Galaxy S
I could only view the pc I was connected to it. I could not open or edit any files/programs.  Massive disappointment when you are sold on the premise you can operate the pc from your android when its far from the truth. However, the name says it all. It is a viewer, but thats all.
Just a black screen.
Atts lte note. Rooted. Goes to blackscreen and eventually force closes
Will give 5 stars once it works with the Samsung note.
I installed it. But I cant access the here on my android. As I want it copy on my sd card.
This app sucks, There goes a hour of my life I will never get back!       uninstalled
Not working on galaxy note Fix it please
Help!
The app does not appear to work very well on tablets. I have an ASUS Transformer Prime and it will not download files. It works a treat on my Android phone. On my tablet, not so much...
Worked great on Droid.  Now I have Galaxy nexus ics. Does not work.
Connects for 5 sec, then disconnect. Used to work great, now glitchy. HTC EVO 4G...
Doesn't work says connecting but screen stays the same EVO
No att galaxy note support. Just does not work on the new note
Too bad it does not install on the Samsung Note, since the huge screen would be great to use on.  Other than that, I love this app.  Will upgrade to five stars after it works on my new Note.
It's not working with my HTC desire...previously it was all fine until I upgraded the software from 2.1 to 2.2 froyo...fix it plz...
Couldnt open on samsung galazy s2. Constantly black screened, home button quit. Please fix.
Can't control anything, just view the desktop and nothing happend when i try klik in my desktop icon or anything that i can click  -my phone is galaxy note-
Doesnt connect
I have a galaxy mini and this app run perfect. Am un galaxy mini şi rulează perfect.
Works like a charm and totally free! DROID X
Not working in samsung note
Anytime I attempt to connect it kills all my connections and fails. Garbage.
It doesn't work with wifi on my LG P990! This sucks!!!
Missing an update so it doesn't remote any more
Protocol negotiation failed error
Well I like the concept but everytime I try to connect it doesn't allow me to...the PC says negotiation protocol failed AND I can't connect using the details from my unattended access...I'll have yo make an account and add my PC to my list to see if that helps but I basically can't use this app.
Android updates lag weeks behind desktop updates, leaving me unable to connect. Would be 5 stars if they could just keep this straight.  I feel like I'm being punished for keeping software up to date.
Keep getting the message "Protocol negotiation failed" on my computer, when trying to connect from my phone
The keywords in the description suggest this app is capable of vnc and rdp connections but I haven't found an obvious way to do that. While I don't doubt that it works with the software mentioned in the instructions, it would seem to be pretty useless otherwise.
Force close on LG x2 P990. Have written twice to the support but the reply was rather stupid than helpful... uninstall	On LG
Don't know why but the Android version never correctly connects to the server... While it works perfectly on iOS.
I am running it on SGS and it freezes every time.
works really gr8
I don't see anything and always crashes on my LG Optimus 2X.
We cant watch system vedios on mbl ....  We cant hear audios too
App won't install on my Droid. I've attempted an install from Market and Amazon App store. Same result each time--parsing errors.
Doesn't work with older hosts. Uninstalling.
Slow
Nice idea, I often had trouble connecting to pc's on the same wifi connection as my phone. Mouse clicking both left and right didn't appear to work either on my sgs2.
Im 200 km from apartment, Ive strarted important process. It changed password automaticly and I cant do anything now for few days...It also worked bad
I reinstalled this just so I could rate it and warn you all. Will promtly be uninstalling again after. I'm on HTC vivid droid 2.3.4 and Mac pro osx 10.6.8 and this app is awful. Took forever to connect and set up, it gathers your personal information, its slow, no audio support, the phone disconnects in the middle of the session even though you see your computer, you can't click on anything anymore. And it seems like it ends the session after a certain amount of time asking for money. 5 stars rated tooearly
This app is not really for free. Once down loaded both in computer and phone you are allowed short sessions of a few min. and then it will freeze stop working. More or less session last for 1 min maybe a Little more. On the computer it will open a window for the company to buy the license. Also cannot use all the functions. Again this app is not really for free, this app actually cost 750 dollars for personal use. Very miss leading i hate it when company is not up front and it has to be sneaky to get noticed.
This app is not working on galaxy s at&t phone. I get some screen info but can not interact and no screen updates at all..... pointless app without!
Connection errors with new version of desktop team viewer (team viewer 7)
When I remotely close a window on my win7 pc, the app leaves a graphical ghost of the window, which makes this app completely useless to me.
4 stars due to no file transfer. 1 star due to the collection of personally identifiable ino being collected.
Read their EULA; they collect personally identifiable info off your computer.
The tablet connected with the PC but no remote control was possible.  The task bar, Start button, etc. on the PC were not visible.  I tried tapping on one program on the desktop that was fully visible and TeamViewer opened the Recycle Bin, which was nowhere near the icon that I tapped.  Could neither move the Recycle Bin window or close it.  Disconnected and retried several times with the same result -- no remote control and opening of the Recycle Bin.
No custom connection? Why should i install some stupid program on my computer instead of putting in my own connection information. Why???
It use to work. Now its stuck on contacting the server. Is anyone there? Hello!!?
previous version was excellent & works flawlessly...latest updates does not even gets me to the main screen.
Using Galaxy S2.Its not working....says not connecting to master.
When i go to the username box. Instead of letting me put letters, it only lets me put symbols. Therefore i am unable to sign in.
Couldn't barely move the mouse, I opened the internet and it never appeared for me
Eu estava assistindo um filme e usando o tablet como controle remoto. O problema é que toda hora aparecia um aviso no meio da tela avisando que era uma versão gratuita. Péssimo. Imagine eu assistindo filmes com uma visita e essa menssagem aparecendo! Eventualmente a conexão caia. Não gostei.  I was using the tablet as a remote control. The problem is that whenever a notice appeared in the middle of the screen telling you that it was a free version. Poorly. Eventually the connection being dropped.
Works. Although can be slugish at times.
Work great on my iphone. But fc on optimus 2x. What a pity.
On Samsung Galaxy S2, ir always stops at establishing connection.
Used to love this app but its pretty useless if it crashes every time u try to open it
Able to login for few sec then everything stops, logmein ignition works much better
Works perfect from nexus s to windows 7
can't open teamviewer dot com to download desktop software
It did not work on my Samsung S2. Shows black screen and does nothing. I had to kill it. Any tips?
Works great but not over 3G data.
ONLY BLANK SCREEN AND SHOW FORCE CLOSED NOTIFICATION!!!!! PITY... ITS SUCH A GOOD APPS... ANY HELP??
it's not works on optimus 2x, only blank black screen... but works on my previous galaxy ace...
Just perfect....only issue is that gets installed on phone memory...cant move to sd card
I use teamviewer for absolutely everything, love it. excellent program, even for the android.
Tried uninstalling/reinstalling several times, rebooting phone. Nothing shows up when I tap the app. It is just a black screen.. after a min or two, message comes up to either force close, wait or report
I've been a long user of teamviewer and just recently found out about this app and was very excited. Now, it won't connect at all. Can anybody help me
The software screws teamviewer 5 customers that paid 3k for the software bad baitnswitch don't use
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
The space on a smartphone is always a problem. Will be perfect with the CopytoSD option.
I have just started using TeamViewer and congratulate the build team on producing something so easy to use and so intuitive. I very occasionally get a screen freeze on htc sensation, but a simple log off and log on cures it.
Does not work on Lge LG-P990 (lg optimus 2x). 1 star - uninstalling...
<3 <3 <3 Teamviewer!!
Doesn‘t start on my phone :( , it displays a black screen and stays that way ... Lg O2X
because they the site is ot accessible and my phone apps also...i didnt done anything wrong...its for my personal use only.why is not accessible.
Cannot be used on my optimus 2x. After installation, and try to launch can only display black screen.
The best one out there. Easy to use and works like charm. Just need better controls. Using HTC desire s.
Very Slow not like the pc version .. n it takes long time to connect to the server.. galaxy s ii
PC installation was simple and easy. Connected to it also very seamlessly within my home network. Everything seems to work out of the box except: 1) Does not detect home vs remote network and as such connection goes to public ISP network and back even though you are on the same LAN. This results in poor quality of image/speed making things choppy. I understand this is useful for NAT transversal but it would be nice to have direct home connection via local router using IP, WINS or TeamView server bcast. 2) Scrolling does not work. Tried the two finger up-down motion in vain.  3) The most annoying part however is that on the tablet, only 95% of the height of the PC display shows. As a result the bottom taskbar is cut in half. If you navigate your mouse there, everthing shifts up so now the top portion of your PC is cut off. 4) The setting/control tab of the TeamViewer client remains constantly visible at the bottom of the screen, which is annoying and takes vital screen real estate. Could probably be the cause of the previous problem I mentioned. You would expect this to slide down or disappear just like RemoteDesktop works on PCs and become visible when hovering cursor at the bottom
I am using the desktop edition for more than six months now which is really a good s/w.  But this app s***s. Click, double click and right click never work for me in my S2. only able to view the screen of my laptop and moving the mouse and nothing else.  Team plz improve/resolve/upgrade it ASAP.
It was working fine then it just stopped. Not sure if its a trial or what.........
I have downloaded @ my sony erricsson wt19i. I have tried few my friend's pc but failed(connection error) but I can access them from pc2pc by using TV. I need to access with my android device, Any solution???
Anyone else had problems with constant download  after using this
It's very slow
Its great when it works, but the other times, it just doesn't follow orders. When I click here, its a click and drag on the remote computer, with no release from dragging!!!
If you don't have your user info written down and your away from your desk the app will randomly remove the last logged in user id and then your screwed because it doesn't show up in the list, and speaking of that why is clear history so close to the last logged in id it is too easy to hit clear history currently away from PC and can't log in because it removed my last logged id, not very convenient
The app could be very good, instead is very imprecise and doesn't refresh properly so you find yourself clicking what you are not supposed to click = lot of damage if you are doing something important..(like i just did...##!!!%##!!@#!@#!) It could be good to monitor what's going on on your connected device but you don't want to use it to work remotely.  I m using it on an Asus prime.  Maybe on  other devices it works better?  Please improve this and you will jump on top of the best apps!  So far is just 2stars.
Sometimes unable to connect server
It would be a good application, if when you tapped the screen somewhere, the curser would automatically snap to where you tapped and click
On a PC, the app is fantastic. But on my Android Phone, it does not work at all. I can not click on the remote screen and the app freezes, no matter what I do. My internet connection is not to blame: it is a 60Mbps optic fiber. I will uninstall the Android version and stick with the PC software.
Need to be able to file transfer...
I am an owner of a Premium package, yet when I use Teamviewer on my phone it leaves nasty messages on the remote computer saying that I should not be using free software for commercial purposes. I wrote an email to them and received no response. No change in behavior either.  Time to get lawyers involved?
I have TeamViewer for PC and these is very good app. Not so with mobile app. Absolute NONE file transfer, no VoIP, no video, simply joke. Their TV for meetings mobile is also useless. And there is some plus:  you may look at your icons in your remote PC and even start apps, however NOT transfer files to your mobile phone or tablet.
Useful but very unstable when starting session.
This app works well but I would like to take full advantage of my phones 1280x720 resolution.  Sadly the highest supported resolution is smaller than that.
Never connects with Triumph.  2stars because I know it works on others. Motorola sucks.
It simply doesn't work! Keeps telling me that I have no connection when I'm connected to my WiFi!
After using show Black Screen, it never restored back, even I clicked the remove Black screen. After that, it automatically shut down. What the?!?!?!
It works, but then it freezes my computer screen, or randomly exits full screen mode, with a pop up window saying, "thanks for using....blabla..". Needless to day, I deleted it.
I used it with my acer and nothing happen only shows the screen I can't even click with it
Was not completely free.
Wont open
Good
Running on HP Touchpad with ICS alpha.  Scroll and zoom gestures do not work. Screen is excellent and can be adjusted for equivalent of approximately 220 DPI (very nice), but cursor movement is just plain dumb - instead of moving the cursor to where screen is touched, you basically drag the screen to the cursor!  And if you're trying to control a remote system with screen resolution above 1024x768, it is virtually impossible to keep the focus where you want and still position the cursor.
I used to use this a while back for my pc however now even at the lowest settings it can't keep up with my pc (I'm talking a 2minute wait between frames) fix this and it should be perfect
Using 2 fingers for both scrolling and zooming is a very bad idea. This app really needs a new scrolling system. Maybe the developers could get some inspiration from the leading Android to PC remote app, PhoneMyPC... I'd really like to use TeamViewer instead but I just can't scroll with it. And when it does work (and not zoom) then it only scrolls a very small area. Practically useless.
After installing it won't start up on my phone . It just go black screen any solutions? :(
Can someone please tell me how to wake a sleeping computer when you are trying to remote it.  I need to remote my home computer, however if my screen is asleep, it will NOT allow me to log in ... help!  Other than this (huge) issue, this is very easy to use!  Love it
I got problem. It lost screen refresh frequently. Is there another version that more stable? May i pay for it?
Getting black screen on brand new att Note.
Very slow. I'm looking for somthing else.
The desktop app is great but the android version doesnt syncronize mouse location with the point i click and does not support the dock
Works as expected, but a tablet version would be nice!
I like the program but seems to not work on lg optimus x2
Connects but is very slow connection even with 4g.
Not working on LG optimus x2. Stack on black screen
It makes my computer slower
Very glitchyy...mouse barely moves on PC, freezes up all the time, not worth my time....dueces  Droid Charge running *TweakStock*PBJ OC Kernal*
Odlicna aplikacija, koristim je na tabletu huawei s7 slim i extra radi. Jedna od boljih na marketu
Free sessions only last about 20 minutes, then disconnects and takes you to a corporate licensebpage asking for + $700 or more. Not the home-friendly solution I was looking for...
Crashes when I am trying to connect
I don't really like the mouse behavior, since you have to move the remote cursor and not click where you wanna click on the screen.
This is the most useful app ever. My parents and sister need help at times w/computer, I can use this to solve issues easily! Thanks.
cant click anything since the last update. i would give 5* if it works.
Why does the app need to see who I called and who calls me? Low rating due to un-needed access.
I love TeamViewer! This app is a bit on the slow side over wifi with UDP disabled (if enabled it's TOO unreliable but fast when it works)
Was working great now it takes over a min for a command to execute.
App works fine but desktop software that you link to is a resourse hog and completely slows pc performance especially while internet browsing!
Has to be the best app ever. Needs audio pass through.
Nice UI and full control ov remote machine but on slow connection freezes every minute - the remote connection doesn't disconnect but stops responding
easy to setup. But the authentication is no good. If I'm in work and want to log into home laptop I can't. Cos I need to see the code on laptop screen
Would like to be able to search for a client. We have over 200 TeamViewer clients in our organization. Our IT staff that have Iphones can easily search.
The best
Almost perfect except if host PC has an inverted mouse cursor, doesn't display as inverted but is transparent and almost impossible to find on the viewer. Otherwise 5 stars! Please please fix! Would be perfect then!
IOS version supports it, why not android?
I can't send [ENTER] from my device, SE Xperia Ray. Pls fixed, I will give higher star.
app is working fine now it is easy for me to control and view my and friends PC
It works well for its purpose and runs really smooth. The only thing I need it to do that it doesn't is play sound from remote machine on client device. Then I'd give five stars.
Jó kis progi, könnyű vezérelni, akár ágyból is a pc-t... Eddig hibátlanul müködik, jó app!
No arabic lang. For the keyboard. Plz fix it
Very useable software
Was easy,awesome,brilliant,gem,superb! Now after last update connection unpredictable.
I din't get a numericid when I log on my Mobile
Good
That is a nice program lil bit of lag but yea
Very nice application. One problem prevents this from being a perfect solution for me. I am using a Asus Transformer Prime (TF201) with doc and mouse.  The application requires the user click-hold and drag to move the mouse on the remote device. Please implement if possible better pointer alignment and control when using a mouse. Thanks!
Will try if i can control my desktop thru my android phone., will give a full feedback later.,
Useful program. Worked exactly as described. My only complaint is that it was using way too much bandwidth. My system slowed to an absolute crawl. This could just be my setup though.
Great app, works very well. One thing that could make it perfect would be compatibilty with mouses connected through OTG, right now you need to click and drag to move the pointer on PC. If the pointer on the phone and the PC were synced, it was a flawless experience!
This app is great for remote, but why isn't there file sharing like the ios app?
However if i want to remote my pc over my home lan network i have to switch my data connection on and wait til i have "connected to server" then i deactivate my data connection andthen reconnect my home wifi connection and then only am i able to connect remotely
Pretty much good, not what I expected but still good
When I first used this, it was fast, and almost instantanious, now it's so turd slow. The last few updates have made  it just about useless.
Idk whats with this. This has potental to be great, but the screen update speed is like 0.2 FPS! Please fix somehow by changing scripts or something :(
The app works great on my iPhone but not so much on my razr. The screen is very slow to update, sometimes taking around five seconds or longer. I'm running the eclipse ROM so that may have something to do with it but please look into it if possible. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a great remote control solution that's free.
When connected to a server, if I press the button for accessing special keys, then press the button for more keys, then press again to remove it, the entire menu disappears and I can't get it back.
Good one very useful for me.
We need a label to see if we're ready to connect. Also file transfers would be a good addiction
Why put the clear history option in the drop down box.  Please move it because it a stupid position to out it in.
Very slow after last update.Please fix it.It looks good, but we do not need fancy look, we need performance as it was before!
Great up but its sadly missing a crucial feature available in the full desktop version; refresh! I am able to login to my Osx Lion machine at home, and its reasonably quick, but the screen never refreshes. I have to close the connection and log back in to see what I have just clicked on. If that feature was available I would give it 5 stars! :)
HTC EVO has problems with clicking.  I can view everything fine.  But clicking on dialogs, closing windows and double clicking isn't doing anything.  Acer Iconia Tablet works perfectly.  I'll be happy to rate 5 star once HTC EVO issue is fixed.
Before this last change tv used to be awesome now it won't alow me to do anything but view for a few seconds then it says this session was broght to you buy tv message cause I'm running the free.
After I input the id and password it doesn't do anything please help
Can not connect through wifi connection on this version
Not good for TF201 Asus Transformer Prime.  Doesn't work right with trackpad, etc.	Not good for TF201 Asus Transformer Prime.  Doesn't work right with trackpad, etc.
So, I decided to update my perfectly working Teamviewer. And that was my mistake. It is way more laggier as well as constant freezes occuring every ~10 seconds. Also, didnt like the new UI. I need to type in my Teamviewer account information everytime and I need to click 3 more times to connect wherea previous version only required 2 simple clicks on Teamview my PC. Overall disappointing update
I don't normally do reviews but this update definitely deserves one. I wouldn't say perfect but very close to it!
bUt.,.. it need funtion to esaily change the language
Error is: unable to install on USB or SD card, the error appeared at this last update, please fix!
good
For somehow, I can't download on my computer.. I'm running Orbit Downloader, as it transfer the downloads there.  I can't stop it by transfering. can I ?
great app but when using with tablet that has docking station it rotates screen 90 degrees which is not comfortable. Please implement landscape mode.
but could use a little work. The os on screen keyboard causes the bottom half of the  screen disappear.  Yet the additional kb that has pgup, tab, etc doesn't. Is there no way of determining the height of the os kb?
It's a bit slow maybe it's my connections. Good try still:)
Does not support landscape mode for tablets in docks as far as i can tell
If i'm helping someone and and i can't see what's going on on he's screen so clearly..........
Takes a bit of working out
It's my favorite off all for PC to PC, but why it's not working on AT&T Galaxy Note i717 with Wifi to PC. It's only work if I turn on the 4G data. :(
All the folks who keep saying it's free -- it's only free for personal, non-commercial use, and it constantly nags with a message that it's not free for "commercial use."  Since I am using it for my work, it's not free, but instead they want $749 for "1 installation."    I was able to connect from my Android tablet (Acer A200) to view my desktop screen, but I was stuck in the upper right corner of the screen, with no way to scroll. I was able to "zoom out" up to the point where the full screen width was displayed, but it still did not display the bottom of the screen (where the taskbar is).  I searched for keywords like "taskbar" and "scroll" on the web site help system, with no results.    And the app ONLY works if you can enter the session ID number and password that appear on the desktop screen; if my desktop computer reboots, I'll be locked out.
Another iphone app that has been ported to android that's why there are only 3 stars
Please update to support Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.
App insists on phoning home upon startup.. but you have to switch tasks to connect to your VPN, and then after you switch back to TeamViewer it tries to phone home again.  Windows and iOS versions do not have this bug.
Mouse control feels backwards and needs file transfer mode.
I've been looking for an app like this for a while now. I'm away from home, and I want to access my computer. But every app like this requires some sort of registration from the computer... :(
This app is fantastic...if your not using on a 3g connection. It is stupidly slow to connect and once you are connected,it takes even longer for the connection to stableize for you to take control.
The app is good but there is NO FILE TRANSFER (on the iphone app they have it, so do the same for the android app plz
Really awesome
Worked well on my device.
Why do so many apps request permissions they just do not need???!!! Hmmmmmmmmmmmm......
works great but 5 stars once it supports my tablets mouse instead of solely relying on touch input
I cant get sound from my music. Just extraneous feedback. Non essential. For basic brute work...works good...from the first few minutes I gathered. Make sure you sign in under partner...this will automatically log you in for your 'connection'.
I've been using teamviewer for years now and the phone app is just as good as the desktop. I use this for remote server access on a dedicated game server I run.   A great utility but recently its been magically deleting itself from my phone, a droid 2. This is quite annoying and stops my 5 star rating.
Don't like the black background for app. Also kinda slow with newest update.
Whe access the remote computer the screen turns black. Trying to access home computer using a tablet
Works great on my HTC Rezound. Does not work at all on my Samsung Galaxy Note. Please support the Note soon.
Not working on Galaxy Note
Is it just me or. .. Cant use on galaxy note
I rele like the app but considering how glitchy it is.. doesn't deserve many stars I actually need it for school to email a paper to myself that i meant to do before i left home but teamviewer on my laptop refuses to connect. Wen u are connected its a bit laggy. Id prefer it without lag but it i guess phones are not exactly intended for this inparticular. Thanks for the app tho i do enjoy it :)
Seems to work ok, not designed well for tablets. Splashtop streamer works much nicer.
It is a great program for pc to pc, but on the Android feature we cannot get the video and some of the simple features to work.  Kind of frustrating.
I love the app and now i can use my computer from anywhere.but there is problem i use it on my glaxy note and it's slow and sometime just freez so o do the less things i can with it. I hope get fixed the speed issue soon and ill rate it five star
It works but it is extremely slow and laggy whereas the iOS version is really faster.
Its not really suited for use on mobile phones due To screen size limitations and processing power.  Very sluggish to use on motorola defy. But still a well developed app.
Not bad, good once you get the hang of it, bit laggy though
Very slow.
Great
It's pretty slow, but not having to reconfigure firewalls is a plus. My major grip is the main menu is improperly oriented. When my Asus Transformer Prime is docked, the main screens are sideways. Very inconvenient.
I would give it a 5 star rating if it didn't freeze up on me every so often...
The client video is super slow to update, even over LAN. I'll click something, it works on the computer, fifteen seconds later I FINALLY see it on the phone. And no audio?
Way slower than other apps i've tried. Also, it can't stream sound.
Very laggy and slow on my galaxy Nexus. Would be amazing if it worked properly. I hope for a fix!
Great app but not registering mouse clicks or changing screens HTC EVO 4G. TV always been my fav program.
- you cannot change the group for your pcs. - if you press by mistake on the delete contact, no confirmation is necesary so the contact is deleted
Works OK, but did not like the fact u have to be at your computer to set up user ID and password then you can have remote access
Please develop for tabs and Google TV.....
WTF? New version is never backward compatible with v5 or v6 older protocols. I would never use this proprietary junk if not because of my job.
I love TeamViewer for Windows. I get a lot of use out of it because it just works and works well. However, the TeamViewer app for Android leaves much to be desired. Login screen does not rotate, hardware keyboard support is total crap, and many features from the Windows client are missing in this version. Reminds me of that outdated piece of crap wine-running client for Linux they have. If they put as much effort into this app as they did into the Windows client, then this would easily be a 5 star app.
It works fine on wifi and 4g but even with the quality options set to optimize for speed it is still slow.  The desktop client has an option for grayscale viewing which would help quite a bit if it were added to the android version.
Tried multiple times to connect to a computer right in front of me. Authentication never worked, even when changing the password and using the random.
Wish there was a way to play music ON phone from remote computer...
Works well, but Enter button has bugs. Seems enter is ctrl+enter in remote PC. This alone makes it only useful with the mouse. Using x10+win7
Decent app tough much slower than vnc or rdc and sign in is not hard you just have to go to the tab which allows you to sign in to a tv account
I love TeamViewer! This app is a bit on the slow side over wifi with UDP disabled (if enabled it's TOO unreliable but fast when it works)
Installed and used, but something removes it off the phone. I blame Verizon and their want for you to use go to meeting. I have no proof of that tho.
Make it full version for video, text, audio and file transfer can work. Rooted Eternity ROM EVO 3D
Uninstalls instelf but works when it will stay installed
This app only works with Version 6. iPhone App works with version 5 and 6. Why not backwards compatible?
Better drag and drop and chat room
Very slick UI and easy set-up, fast over 3G, however does not work over my work's WiFi and requires desktop software, compared to 2X Client for RDP/Remote Desktop, so not a complete solution for me.
Cant work more than a few seconds on it
Easily the best app of its kind at any price. Works perfectly on Nexus One and Atrix.
Very good application as usual from team viewer, please fix the slow connection issue
COME ON! You can do better. Can't you put a scroll button on the mouse plus a slider? The two finger thing is not working. The wrench is a deadend...
Ever since last update, I'm not able to select files from tapping on screen. Please fix. Droid
It doesnt seem to support presentation mode, which lets you only share certain apps.
It doesnt seem to support presentation mode, which lets you only share certain apps.
PLEASE add file transfer! This would be a 5 star app if it had it.
The partner group properties cannot be edited. No option to password protect the app and no option to save password for parnters.
I use the of version all the time. This works OK but doesn't support landscape so not much use on tablets.
I use this app on my Wildfire, it's a brilliant app, would work even more brilliantly on a tablet! Recommended app!
Works well, but where is the supposed file transfer? From the pc, the Remote Connection/file transfer always fails to connect.
Android version doesn't appear to support remote audio or two-way voice like the Windows version. Too bad!
Good app. Please make an option to show/hide bottom toolbar. I would love to have more space than just a black bar.
Great app and great it is free. Needs Bluetooth mouse support - on a 3.2 xoom and you have to click to drag the mouse cursor. Also bar at the bottom is too large - should be a way to hide it like rdp in windows.
well its good but it messes up my typing really bad.....
For some reason the mic wnt works says your partners device does not support or summet same with cam veiwing
Great software, wish I could connect to my android tab from my pc using this app!
only down side is you cannot transfer files
because they the site is ot accessible and my phone apps also...i didnt done anything wrong...its for my personal use only.why is not accessible.
easy to setup. But the authentication is no good. If I'm in work and want to log into home laptop I can't. Cos I need to see the code on laptop screen
Cool but it needs to be able to go on SD card like pocket cloud
Thanks for bringing to market.. and device compatibility is great...
I just wish I could lock my computer screen and use it so people don't mess with my computer while I'm away
There shub b video and voip plus chat box iS also nt available. Teamviewer having gud for remote cntrl bt no additional features.
Works just as good as some $30 app.
very cool
Works perfectly! I would give it 5 stars if it did not need user input on the android device in order to get connected,  but still very usefull.
great mobile apps
Not yet believe what's it can. Just try n hope working good
Almost perfect, but no sound and no file transfer from phone to PC and vice versa.
Scrolling is either not working or I am not doing it right. Add a better explanation, or fix the problem for 5 stars.
This is one of the most amazing apps I've seen. The only thing it is lacking is the ability to hear the sounds coming from the remote computer or its microphone.
If it can remote access other tablets, I would give it 6 stars if it can control other tablets. Supporting computers is so yesterday now. Even my mother in law has a tablet.
works perfectly on my galaxy tab 2. . .  keep up the good work pal ;-)
had been using it to manage my family's PC's remotely and was really happy to find that they had an android app to boot. Would be great if they could place the mouse pointer where out finger touches instead of having to scroll the screen to get the mouse where you want it, but otherwise, it gives me an option in a pinch.
My only grief is how non-discreet the PC-side program is. I appreciate the free-ness and all, thanks much, but the pop ups, double icon (start bar AND task bar) and side-screen notification windows are a bit too intrusive for a minimalist like me. 5-star for a discreet solution.
Very easy to use and very useful tool
I have installed on my android . Amasing application
Overall great, last update keeps forcing me to enter password even though keep logged on is checked.  Bring back remember me option!.  Minus one star for this issue.  Please fix droid 4
Good apps!firstly i used between 2 anroid phone and i also have my id and pw.nw in update version cant do this.fix this prob.and its should be same as pc teamviwer.
Its awesome..
Good
Great app, but unlike its desktop version this one is more like a little spy. I don't think like I want to allow ANY app to have access to all my private and personal information, such notion is just ridicoulus when all we want is to access the REMOTE device!
I like it, works great.
Love this app but there shoul be option to hide statusbar or the tool bar becouse can't see full screen.. anyway the app works great :)
Personally I like this app.
This works fantastically but the only thing that let me down was that im unable to scroll... Maybe its because im just not doing it right, im not sure but other than that this app is flawless
It's took cool
HTC one s
I would give it 5 stars if it worked with the asus terminator mouse pad. Only responds to touch events for moving remote pointer :(  Other than that, brilliant and I can connect to my ubuntu box.
I like this.
Amazing app, I only experience 1 problem and that is that it appears that the person's computer that you are connected to is doing nothing so I have to constantly close the connection and connect once again but apart from that everything else is great!
Great app
It works great, just cant quite game on it yet XD. My super high res back ground doesnt load, and the mouse on my transformer doesnt work. Really like the control though.
It does work reasonably well with a Galaxy Note running on ics v4.0.3. The cursor echos 3 images and switching computer user can cause problems, but considering it's free it isn't bad!
The app itself is amazing and works great on my s3. The only thing missing is a wake up on lan function. That's all it needs for 5*
It would be cool to be able to play music on my phone with this while it is playing on my PC. The mouse is a little off but can be figured out quickly.  Good working app.
Why Dont Have file transfer
Nice concept:)
Best remote control of the PC app ever, get all your devices remotely controlled with this app from your phone; available for ipad, Win7, WinXP, and android devices,,, this app is great,,,,
90% out of 100%.  Great product! Makes me happy :-)
Its realy hawsom
Works great bug needs a set password
using it on daily basis to control home network and help friends with. 5 stars  and no complains for a free app.
it works very good a useful app for who are always on field
I love TeamViewer on the PC. Best thing since sliced bread.  On the Android, it's great that it works with the PC's I already use Teamviewer with, but it's less intuitive. The mouse cursor control is just plain awkward, and it should be much easier to click on a control on the remote computer. With the PC version, working via Teamviewer is just like being there. With the Android version, it gets the job done in a pinch but involves more work to move the mouse around than is needed.  Getting connected, however, is a breeze. The great thing about Teamviewer (PC or Android) is that it just connects so easily. No messing about with firewalls, IP addresses, etc.  If the mouse awkwardness were fixed, this would be a 5-star app all the way.
Just wonderful for managing the PC at home and helping my parents/grandparents with their PC problems.
But not working with second screen. I have two, and program shows only main screen
Controls my PC from my Phone well.... Would be better if it had the ability to control the Phone from my PC.
this is my favorit app..
Fantastic app, use it daily, will give it 5* if prediction is enabled when typing in the remote session :-)
But the app keeps forgetting my password despite remember being ticked. HTC One X.
For private use its the best for remote access of ur pc.. But it needs ur pc to be connected to internet...
Good app
i like this app its one of the fav of me.bt a simple problem .i can control my pc to ths app but i cant contol my phone by my pc teamviewer
The best software for remote control.
Need to allow letters for partner ids
really good!
Toooo good desktop client:-)
I can see my dad chatting with girls...it works good only on wifi.therefore 4 starts
Good All
This is great for checking and interacting with my PC's progress whilst I'm at work. I'm a cab driver who likes to also meddle with media, movies and coding.
Whey
Good app.  But, it would be even better if I didn't have to move the mouse cursor and select remote items in such a slow way.  Especially when using a bluetooth mouse with my tablet, when I just want the experience as close as possible to sitting at the remote desktop.
Good app, but performance issues are big.  Galaxy S 1
Simply the best!
Very, very good. It is missing one simple feature that is available on the desktop. Lock computer in the menu. Simple, but effective. Would be 5 ***** if it had that :)
I like this app because I troubleshoot my parents computer when I am at my house. Rather than asking a million questions and telling them that the start menu has been replaced.
The two finger scrolling is not functional so please fix this.
It would be nice if the external mouse would have worked like if you are working with a PC.then I can use my tablet and Bluetooth mouse and keyboard as an external remote control with full power of my PC at office.
I love team viewer
Very useful
I love this programme, when I notice I could get it for the android, I jump for joy. Thank you so much, now I can access my pc from anywhere.
Thank you so much ! I really needed this. It's so easy to use. Only thing it could use would be stealth but I love it !
Keep in mind the program constantly runs in the background even I'd you kill it From task manager. You have to go to msconfog services in order do disable while not using it. But I only have 2 gb of ram on my pc
Good, will give 5 if u correct the bugs like freezing.
This is the best app of its kind. The only thing I don't like about it is that it can take awhile sometimes to login but most of the time it does. Its free too, you can't go wrong!!!
My only issue is that there's no sound! If only we could have sound over Wi-Fi...
Nice
This app is pretty awesome..works completely fine to me
This is a great app for up and coming IT professional, Just want to learn about VPN and remote desktop. However this is serious business and I suggest not installing on any Android specs below 1.2 Gh and Ram below 800mb and in an area with great signal strength.  Thats just my Opinion I could be wrong :)
Would be nice if you could use it to control an android phone. But it's still good.
New version often freezes and logs me out all the time. But still, there is nothing better.
Love it!
Grat app.
This is very nicely done... except the mouse pointer is not always where your finger is. This can cause unwanted selections.  The desktop version does not behave this way.  If this was fixed I could easily give 5 stars -- for now 4.
Everything is fine except one. In order to move to some control firstly you should move mouse pointer to that control. This is well when client is on computer ( notebook, etc.). But when your client on smartphone it's not comfortable. It would be better touching that control automatically would move mouse pointer to that comtrol.when client is on smartphone.. Would be great.!
Could've had tool buttons for Select,Click and Double click.
It really leaves all remote desktop solution behind. BUT PLEASE ADD OTHER MOUSE MODE, TAPPING DIRECTLY WHERE YOU WANT TO CLICK. I need it to click buttons fast, dragging is not good for my use and probably many others could use it too.
I like that it free for personal use. Now I know it really works & if I want get it for work, I wont mind spending the $s.
Good and usefull for youngs...
Awasom
Please fix the password prompt issue
Is Anriod Teamviewer is completly free if yes does it has limitations.? If No then from where it can be buyed .what will be its appro. Cost as per indian currency.
Hope it supports remote to other Android phones
kár, hogy a gépről nem lehet a telefont irányítani :(
Very good
Very good! Would be 5* if I could just touch whatever I wanted to click, instead of needing to drag the mouse. Thank you TeamViewer!
Highly recommended.
Wish I could control the phone from remote instead
Such a great app.I used it all the time.Am really upset that the app no longer works using an ip to a computer on a wifi network if theres no internet
Great App, but really needs file transfer like on the computer version and even the IOS version
With the new update it force Close when i get to the login screen sharp is01
Cool
This app works amazing and I've never had problems with it. It has saved me lots of hassle from forgetting files at home and is so useful for checking downloads.
Ive used teamviewer over 2 years now and never a hitch or glitch. File transfers could be faster (380Kbs on 50/50 fios) but the access and security are great!
Should allow for sound transference.
Much better. But connection still hangs and need to reconnect often.
Trying it out since I'm having trouble with RDP. Great alternative.
Now I can get my homework done from anywhere.
Very useful and free superb
I keep track of what's happening on my bird cam. On my Tosh laptop it works fine, but on the XOOM it keeps freezing and needs to be restarted, hence 4 stars, annoying nag popup, but it is free. Great app and I would buy a licence if it were not so expensive so I'll put up with the popups.
Very useful app. Works fine. Energy save. But it is still third party in communication between two hosts -- it is not secure. But the app great, ones again.
Been using this for ages, really useful. However since latest update my password is not remembered each time I want to see my partners. Even after ticking remember!
good software but not have control phon from pc , not have total fechurs
good software but not have control phon from pc , not have total fechurs
Good working, amazing performance, install it
I use it to play minecraft on my computer and yes it is very laggy but I'm used to lag cause my computer is crap
Helpful little tool to help out our less tech savvy elders
After a few fixes it works perfect ... best app ever for remote control.
Very convenient when i need to fix something while im not around.
Great app, works on my Droid charge. Wish it had the messaging feature like the computer program does
Guys' First of all the app is free. So you can just give your opinion or any suggestions but you can't talk crap about it. The app works great on my phone. Following are the issues I face with running this, 1. Phone heats up real quick. 2. Eats a good amount of battery.(not a lot but still eats) 3.Gets stuck and doesn't refresh sometimes, because of which I would close the connection and reconnect again.  The only issue I'm concerned about is phone heating up. I hope developers take a look at that.  Thanks
Really good one.
Good
Realy good
Really great when you need something in a pinch or just to show something off. The controls can be a little challenging at times but otherwise not a big deal.
Awesome software but needs file share like the ipad version has. Will give 5stars when that feature is added
Ok
+1
A brilliant app that works great on my Hannspree Hannspad (running an ICS 4.0.4 ROM) and runs very smoothly. However, I would like to see the UI better suited to tablets and a landscape option for tablets as well. It works great on Windows 7, and brilliantly on Android.
Make Scroll wheel on volume keys
The best ever remote program i used
Wow use it
Used it to remotely access and troubleshoot my Mom's PC. Clicking on links and buttons can use some work, but overall, very nice.
Works great, mouse is a little weird at first. Competitors rdp tools are not free whether personal or commercial use.
I wish it could run smoother without any lag..
Its good
Runs great on tablets but slow on cellphones, depends on cpu
Great tool it has been great help for me and will recommend to anyone
Please add the option to view other androids as well.We can control PC but not other devices?It should be possible...
I tested in my galaxy s2, super perfomence....
Awsum man
I can't connect to PCs on a same network. It works with other computers that is not in LAN. What should I do?
I just love it and it works well thanx 2 all who put there hard effort into it ~K~
Using teamviewer on galaxy note and it is awesome! Great work guys..!
Best app to access ur pc or laptop
Great app... Work 100% on my HTC
High speed data transfer from team
One big prob with this app is that it doesnt have full screen. Otherwise its very good. Plz make it full screen.
I love the team viewer application for my phone but it would be awesome if one was designed with the resolutions in mind for android tablets.  Keep up the great work!
Awesome app would get a 5 if it could prevent hanging in recovery from dropped cellular connection	working on razr xt910 with v7 or v6 on server.     work around is to kill connection and reconnect manually, its clumsy but works. A connection refresh button would rock!!   Be aware the screen lock does  not persist and you need to enable this manually,   Great effort guys! Takes s while to get used to this but i'm sure it is going to work.   Yay! for the fans on long train journeys!!
Very nice app. Especially for it being free.  Only downside that I've noticed is there is NO SOUND. Wyse pocket cloud has sound. But this app is easier to use.
This is better for us
Only complaint: why isn't there a hot button for monitor swapping? I think it is a pain to have to open the settings menu and manually change it.
Amazing! Great app. Thank you!
This is a fantastic app but just needs a bit of tweaking for tablets.  I would like to be able to use my mouse tracker on my transformer pad prime rather than drag the mouse round with my finger.  Minor gripe for an awesome app.  Don't bother with the other ones you have to pay for - they don't work nearly as well!
I need to be able to enter domain name or IP, also custom port number for some cases. I'm certain this will be a very useful feature!
It works great on my Motorola Bionic and I would have given it 5 stars if it supported use while the phone is connected to the Motorola Lapdock.  The touchpad does not control the cursor movement well at all.  Removing the phone from the lapdock and the application is flawless.  I sometimes use a remote bluetooth keyboard with my phone (Microsoft 6000) and it works perfectly.  By the way, you do NOT need to install third party software to use bluetooth keyboards.
Landscape for home screen already! Otherwise, works great.
It offers such a great functionality for free! It works seemlessly on my SE Xperia Neo V.  The only thing missing is the Enter key! :) (Caveats! The one on Android keyboard cannot be used to send messages on IMs. Please let me know if there's any alternative.
Impressed
Where is the paid version? So I can remote my servers with out it leaving buy me messages on the screens.
I couldnt find the chat option whereby one can chat remotely.
Where is landscape mode?
Works faster than I expected..cool!
I would have given this 5 stars if you could move the app to sd card.
Forget all other imitations.
great app hi recom
poderia ter também a versão em HD como no IPAD.
Works perfectly fine. 5 stars if I didnot have to click "Thank you for playing fair".
Need more features
Landscape view would bei great!
Great app, only problem is that it keeps disapearing from my home menu every time i restart my phone. So, 4 stars couse of that. Samsung Galaxy S2
Just tried this app out and it works perfect on my HTC Hero S! Doesn't always work the greatest on wifi but on the network works awesome!
Very useful but a bit slow. Wish to see more features.
just great!!!!
Good solid app. Sometimes has a few connection issues, and if you restart your pc/Mac, the password required changes which is a bit of a nag.
If you have freezing or lost connection problems, disable UTP from options. It just works.
It is real good
This app work amazing! It's fast, easy to use and free. Great job!!!
Works great on galaxy note.
The only thing I would add is a video @hat feature.
Can someone please tell me how to wake a sleeping computer when you are trying to remote it.  I need to remote my home computer, however if my screen is asleep, it will NOT allow me to log in ... help!  Other than this (huge) issue, this is very easy to use!  Love it
Super great useful app, but I updated my desktop to the latest version now tv mobile can't access it.  Updated this please!
So nice app
It works !!
it does what its made for... but a bit slow. some little upgrad required
Rating based on previous phone.  (FC on galaxy note)  When it works it is very useful, easy to use.
After trying, and uninstalling several remote desktops, including log me in, I was happily surprised that this one works.
It's great, but it would be better if you add "My files" like in the ios app, so I can manage my files from my phone. Please add this as soon as possible.
Please add landscape for Android tablets.
My Fascinate can't connect over wifi, but it connects fine on 3G. Ipad connects fine on same wifi network. Great tool!
Very easy to use on lan and wan. Useful for people not on static IP by service provider.  Great uses and very good over good and bad speeds of network. Good interface and not too much delay. Used much worse.  Only down side for me is file transfer is not available, or some sort on direct play/streaming would be a bonus.
Does not utilize tablet cursor on Asus transformer prime. It would be great to switch to native tablet cursor instead of remote one.
The splash screen and login screen shouldn't override orientation like it does.  Other than the easily repairable flaw, this is great.
If you don't have a stable signal you would be unable to use this app perfectly but then again I have Tmobile...
Really fast over the home network. I have 6 PCs in my home and it works well with all of them but only seems to remember one of them in its history.
Works awesome but lags
excellent app easy setup with handy controls. Its a bit laggy tho but worth the download
Cool
Very handy n useful!
works really gr8
Fantastic remote! File transfer?
The mobile version of Teamviewer is useful when you cannot get to another device to connect remotely, such as when you are out in the field and you need to connect to your home network briefly. However, it doesn't compare to the full version of the product as it is much more difficult to try to control a computer screen with a wireless phone screen and a tap-tap for a mouse which is many times unresponsive, but that could be due to the phone connectivity. It's free and worth giving a try.
I'm sure it would be better on a tablet, but even on my original Droid and now my Bionic, I was able to use this for quick access to my computer for file viewing or to check the status of a job I left processing, or to start a new task.
Good job
Good app man keep it up nice working
Good app. But needs a "paid" version to use with custom QS agents
Greap keep me helping to conect my laptop when im out of home
Very useful and powerful, finally my pc under control from anywhere!
Amazing how far technology has gotten and will be part of our future!!! Literally controlling my home pc from my phone!!! Simply amazing!!!
It was not gay
I can control my computer at home from any place
Didn't know there was an app for Android. Very useful.
Great app but why can't I type in capital letters???
Works well,although every few days or so it uninstalls itself, leaving behind the shortcuts (?). Motorola ATRIX 2
Very impressed
Great app, works well, but there is no file transfer!!!!!!! I don't understand why since the iPhones have it. I am disappointed..
With a little practice it s pretty good.
Amazing. .
Working very impressively, 5th star if options to display single window as an alternate to whole desktop.
Excellent app, Very efficient, but how do you use the arrow buttons along witht the ctrl, alt, etc.
Excellent but slow a bit. Not sensitive enough
great app ! but can you add this function, may be more prefect !
Try it, works perfectly. But Could handle the auto throttle of bandwidth better for 5 stars
Nice and steady... love this app
Can't we remote mobile devices instead..
+   Let's me play games I can't play on a phone  -bad graphics and slow
Love this access to practically anything.
I know TV is the remote control app to use. But won't connect on the galaxy nexus. Please fix.
It is free, no short session issues for me. Works great over wifi. Wish you could login and access a list of your pc's rather than remember user codes
very usefull app. help me to control my presentation.  working good both on my win7 and ubuntu 11.10. still looking for bluetooth mode app.
Please make landscape mode available in the menu.
Works every time but requires good bandwidth
Works like it should and for free as well, best free remote desktop app for sure
Excellent 5 stars for you.
Works great.  But why after about a week or so the app disappears from my phone?  I'm using this app on a Motorola DROID BIONIC.
Good job!
Excellent, but still does not work if client running ComputerTime Same problem with desktop versions 5, 6, and 7 beta.
Was very convenient for me to use. Easy, simple, clean.
Now when im at work I can mess with my wife lol...
I'd be willing to bet there are paid apps that don't work as well as this. I only recently started using the desktop version and have been very pleased with it. I have a small 3.7 inch Droid Incredible so I didn't try the mobile app at first. On the small screen it is a bit cumbersome, but it works, and works great!
it's very good...some of the functions are work slowly but it's fine.
I am using samsung s 2 But the display of my pc on mobile stalked .issue solved After creating account with team viewer
Very useful but some lag issues even over wifi on display.
It lacks the feature I was most looking for, file sharing, and otherwise pretty cool app
Would love it except it has an annoying hang that I have to reset the connection. This is bad for remote control of my ham station.
Not support for file transfer
Not the best there might be some more features.
Very good app
This is pretty FN Cool. Our company uses Citrix for similar purposes. I think this is every bit as good.  I would just want sound and the ability to wake up my computer. Still , when you consider the price, its a pretty sweet app.
This app on the iPhoney allows transfer. Please ad to next update. Update soon!
Couldn't barely move the mouse, I opened the internet and it never appeared for me
Only one thing missing - the ability to open .tvc files
Works great but it un installs itself... Fix please for five stars ... Samsung Galaxy S2.
For some reason it keeps uninstalling itself from my DROID bionic. It was fine on my incredible. But fantastic otherwise!
I love TeamViewer! This app is a bit on the slow side over wifi with UDP disabled (if enabled it's TOO unreliable but fast when it works)
Perfect but can't change resolution.
Great app love it
I was able to use the app via wifi but cant initiate connection via 3G.
Lastest update of team viewer  made mouse touch function quit working. Milestone X. Please fix!!!!
Needs landscape orientation!
Ok, usually other peoples (computer)lives that need saving but still. With the chatfunction in this androidversion it would be 5 stars.
Highly recommended. Runs perfect on Xperia PLAY.
Great app but seems to un-install on my droid bionic. Other than that it is great.
German quality!
Really enjoy this app it's great. Only thing that I'm missing is "file transfer" feature, so I don't need separate app for that (I'm using Tonido for file transfer)
I like the way you can change the resolution but it would be nicw if it could fit to screen. Hannspad has Res of 1024x600 -honeycomb taskbar and teamviewer taskbar always gives me an overlap :-(
Needs landscap mode for tablets
SUGGEST: For touchscreen controller, reverse direction of mouse & screen movement, eg slide finger down = scroll to TOP of screen (not bottom).  Thx.
but it feels weird scrolling the other way round than most android app. I think there should be option to reverse it.
But add file transfer feature please
Annoying but acceptable "buy me" SPAM
Great as for desktops. However, phone version does not support file transfer! It is very important.
Awesome. Love it. Fluid, reliable, great rdp, shame for no ftp and -1* cos update needs to go on sd, which is awkward cos it wont on my phone :(
Wonderful but needs file transferring
Excellent App! I have been using the PC version of this app for about 1 year and I love it. I just downloaded it from the Android Market Place and I am now using it with great joy on my Droid X (Gingerbread 2.3.3) verizon. I have one request, please add the feature to transfer files from the PC to the phone and from the phone to the PC. With that feature being added, this app will automatically go to 5 stars.
This is free?! I've personally tried about 3 different paid remote vnc clients and none have compared to remote view. Best of all, it is 100% free!
Wow! I'm without words, but I would like to be able to see videos from my computer, and some more time for the free trial!!! Few words GREAT!!!
Very good application as usual from team viewer, please fix the slow connection issue
Awesome app, works great even over 3g. -1 star because scrolling needs to be easier
It would seem that after an update to the desktop version, I am back in business. They need to keep all products on the same update schedule.
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
Some problems with connection freezing, but nice app
App works perfectly. Able to access and manage my Pc from anywhere. Great job to the developer's!
It did not work on my Samsung S2. Shows black screen and does nothing. I had to kill it. Any tips?
very good app, clearest one so far....trying to figure out how to get audio to play over my phone.
This app is great for getting to my home PC abroad. Just wish it had a mouse scroll function that didn't rely on multitouch gestures
Cannot find the other versions. It works only on same versions on both sides. Need v4.0
Works great but not over 3G data.
App not as good as iphone only because you can't move the bar at the bottom of the screen. Five stars if fixed
Tis' on Android!!!
Just perfect....only issue is that gets installed on phone memory...cant move to sd card
A great app I have been waiting for .....its also works good on 2G ....
Would give it 5 stars if it had a server client so I could remote control my phone
This app is Grate and simple to use. Did not have any issue with the software thus far on my HTC Sensation. The only thing that does not seem to be supported is WiFi.
It is one if the best apps I have ever used. So nice working, not at all buggy. Best. Now I can handle tasks going on my computer even from my college
It is one if the best apps I have ever used. So nice working, not at all buggy. Best. Now I can handle tasks going on my computer even from my college
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
The space on a smartphone is always a problem. Will be perfect with the CopytoSD option.
yeah...great
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
I have just started using TeamViewer and congratulate the build team on producing something so easy to use and so intuitive. I very occasionally get a screen freeze on htc sensation, but a simple log off and log on cures it.
If you're the computer guy/girl that most people rely on for tech support, you absolutely *must* install this.
If you're the computer guy/girl that most people rely on for tech support, you absolutely *must* install this.
Does everything they say it does and more! By far the overall best app I!'ve found to date!
<3 <3 <3 Teamviewer!!
This thing is awesome, it's fast and simple to set up. I had pocket cloud but it never connected over 4g only wifi. But this one has no problems
because they the site is ot accessible and my phone apps also...i didnt done anything wrong...its for my personal use only.why is not accessible.
works great in my Atrix!
Great app, but when i open my G2 to type I lose the ability to click with the mouse until I log off and log back in. Fix that for 5 stars.
i searched and searched tonight for a remote app and ended up get this one due to it being free. I am amazed by how well it works and how easy it was to set up with the wizard after you download the app for the PC for it to all work. the only thing, even only owning it for a few hours, is that when your on a web browser you have to have a small window to scroll the browser up or down by clicking the up or down arrows provided by the browser.
Cannot be used on my optimus 2x. After installation, and try to launch can only display black screen.
Works generally good but gives connection error if the connected computer is in the same network with the phone.
Works generally good but gives connection error if the connected computer is in the same network with the phone.
Just what I needed! Great work though still room for improvement. Fails to remember me when I log in.
The best one out there. Easy to use and works like charm. Just need better controls. Using HTC desire s.
Very good application, I was really waiting for this. 5 stars if add "move to SD" function. HTC Desire.
Cannot connect to older versions like you can on the PC, and even on iOS v6. If that could be adjusted, 5 stars definitely!
Soooo fun
I would have easily spent 5 dollars on this. My mother lives far from me and constantly has computer problems. Now I can fix her up from anywhere. Every time I use this app you save me 20 dollars in gas. Never thought a free app could be so flawless. I have used logmein (which cost money) and my biggest gripe was having to zoom in and out to close a window or do anything with precision. Your beautifully intuitive mouse control is simply something to marvel at. Thank you!
Absolutely superb!
Love this app, so usefull and helpfull while I'm not home.. save a lot of time..
Very useful with very stable connections, and it's free!   A must have app.
Very useful with very stable connections, and it's free!   A must have app.
Awesome
Like.
Like.
Super app for using pc by your mobile
Computer control made easy
Unique user interface, making it so easy to connect to my computers. Smooth performance assuming your phone is powerful enough and if your network speed is decent.
Best of the class ...
Great.  Better than I thought it would be.
This is the best app I have found on the android ever....people always needing help with computers and this app eliminates the having to go to their house all the time.
Very useful app
The best
This app cannot be used for commercial use even if you are a licenced Teamviewer holder. Lame! I get connection denied errors and there is no way to register the app for commercial use. Useless.
Stated on Google it could read aspx files. Which it can not. I don't want to link to someone's computer, what use is that? Thanks for lying, Google.
It is convenient and a life saver in many cases!
I was never expect that in can control on my pc through my smart phone with team viewer. Really nice
I use this constantly for work.  Absolutely the best out there.  Great job guys!
He thil( TEAM VIEWER) hi hmun dang daih atanga mamawh zual thut changa mahni emaw thiante emaw computer problem solve nan leh mahni file pawimawh hai chhuah zung zung nan a tha a ni.
He thil( TEAM VIEWER) hi hmun dang daih atanga mamawh zual thut changa mahni emaw thiante emaw computer problem solve nan leh mahni file pawimawh hai chhuah zung zung nan a tha a ni.
He thil( TEAM VIEWER) hi hmun dang daih atanga mamawh zual thut changa mahni emaw thiante emaw computer problem solve nan leh mahni file pawimawh hai chhuah zung zung nan a tha a ni.
He thil( TEAM VIEWER) hi hmun dang daih atanga mamawh zual thut changa mahni emaw thiante emaw computer problem solve nan leh mahni file pawimawh hai chhuah zung zung nan a tha a ni.
Great app.
Remote access on my Android... Really helps in those situations where I need to access my computer without one
Offers a demo desktop to try out inside, which is very handy.  Also, it is easy to use and it gives many options.
Best remote control app out there. I use it daily for accessing my home computer while out on the road.
Its awsme..
This works great, but was wondering , what would be setting to get the sound from computer to mobile. For ex. Playing video on computer but sound to mobile output..
This works great, but was wondering , what would be setting to get the sound from computer to mobile. For ex. Playing video on computer but sound to mobile output..
Evn 5 stars r nt enuf!
Thanks !!! Its just awesome.
m  not able to connect my galaxy tab 2 to my laptop remotely
i think so teamviewer is best remote desktop sotwsre in the word This app also very imple znd light easyt use. I'm verygladto using this app
This app is a great tool. I use it all the time. Works well.
Hello TeamV
Using it :)
This is an amazing app.  Total control of remote computer.
This would be a great solution for those wishing to keep track of multiple household PCs from remote locations but the random and frequent logouts with requirement to re enter the password (despite the "save password" checkbox being selected) make this an incredibly inconvenient app to use. I've decided to piecemeal my own solution together from other apps and write the necessary code to bring them together rather than continue on.
Nice 1
Perfecto
Nice and useful.....
Guddddd
Awesome software
How exellently done, Understandable and usable, even for non-IT guy :)
You develop great app
I have been using teamViewer for quite some time now but when I found this application i didnt believe it could work as smooth. I was wrong! this program is flawless. I cant believe its not a paid application!! I wish i could give it more stars!!!
Very useful application...who will rate it below 5 complete stars...?   at least not me...
No words ;)
Using it for support to my wife's pc and mobile
I used it... Feel lyk it bttr wrks fr smartphone than ccomputer...thnxx app makr:-)
Good
Best for ever for remote control of pc
Best for ever for remote control of pc
Very nice
great mobile apps
I get to teach my brothers some stuff even if im nit at my house , definitely recommended for everyone out there
I have used Team viewers for years and have never been disappointed. Always works no matter what platform or device.  Brilliant service.
I have used Team viewers for years and have never been disappointed. Always works no matter what platform or device.  Brilliant service.
I have used Team viewers for years and have never been disappointed. Always works no matter what platform or device.  Brilliant service.
Kinda usefull
The best app I've ever used absolutely, love it, easy to use and gives no issues . . . Wish I could give it 6 stars
The best app I've ever used absolutely, love it, easy to use and gives no issues . . . Wish I could give it 6 stars
Deserves 5 star
Deserves 5 star
I use it to help my kids when they have problems with their laptops.
I like how functional this application is even though I've only used it once or twice. I appreciate that the developers have decided to office for free thank you very much!
Works great, does everything it has to do. No lag, no unnecesary complicated features...absolutely great!
Pol
Pol
Best for ever
After two days of fiddling with real vnc, I looked for something else & came across this program. In less than 5 minutes I was able to look at computer in another state from my cell! I was so impressed I had to leave a comment! Thank you so much for simplifying what was becoming a very frustrating & time consuming problem. I can now help my family work out their computer problems & will spread the word on this FREE program!
Best software n app ever created! !!!
So awesome. Barely any lag over data connection. I can now remote to my home PC's when at work and my work PC when I'm home. Love it! Great job!
nice appppppp
Oh god, it really fantastic. I like this very much.
Really a great help for me & the best time saving remote control app!
mast app hai
Working flawlessly on my Huawei and Windows 7.
Working flawlessly on my Huawei and Windows 7.
Makes solving problems on a computer easy from your phone
Awesome
Now the list shows contacts' names, and if you click one contact's name the it shows computer ID numbers, not names. Who can recognize so many numbers and which is which? Developer should not do this!!
Nice app
I like this application as it provides something similar to paid application
Very Useful Sometime.....
It's really a very good apk , i like it too much , there 1 thing it use so much the battery
Easy to use. Allows me to connect to any of my home or work computers anytime.
Thanks
Nice.
I have been using several remote control applications and I must say that this is the best one.
I only can say tyvm Could u pls add "send message " in next update ?
I like teamviewer application a lot.
Nice with great control.....
Easy use and exactly what I was looking for. And it's free!! Thanks teamviewer you guys rock
Best Best Best Best Best
I'm simple blown away by the fact that I can control my main PC from anywhere with a Wi-Fi signal by simply connecting via my HTC wildfire or my Acer iconia a200 tablet. The mouse controls are a bit tricky though; could really do with a shift key that can be used with the mouse as I'm finding the navigation on Excel a bit hard going. Hopefully this is something that will be added in due course. Great work!
Just changed my life.  Love it, and it's so easy!
Just changed my life.  Love it, and it's so easy!
The best app
The program works very well, but when you try to close the program you get a nag advert to get the commercial version and that hangs my computer. This makes the program useless for me.
bst
Im very happy with this app.  It's good and it's free.  Thumbs up.
Love it
Nothing like everything
I must say.. This is simply the best app in the whole google play... Bcz of its Functionality and user friendlyness,thanks to the teamviewer team.. They have done a gr8 job connecting system to the smartphone..
it is realy very good
Number 1
Runs flawlessly. Doesn't confuse u with advance options
It's good for years.. AND free..
I am a novice at best when it comes to computers but i was able to use this program to access a friend of mine computer and help her set up itunes and sync her ipod let alone transfer music files from my computer all from 30 miles away truly awesome!
I love pulling my phone out and be like "yeah look what I can do.. I can control my computer from my phone... oh... you think I'm a geek.... you're not far from right."
I really like this app. A few complaints though. If someone closes a window using the computer my phone wont get the change. im on a mac and I have my dock hiding but with the phone I cant bring it out. Those are the only complaints still a really good app,a must have
Nice app
It's great and it's free! I had bought pocket cloud before when I was using windows but they don't support Linux, this app does and it's so easy to set up! Only annoying part is that they ask you every time to play fair and buy the license if you are a business, but hey, it's free and I'm no corp.
app is working fine now it is easy for me to control and view my and friends PC
Fast, allows full control of pc, intuitive controls & menu. Well done!
Absolutely amazing! I have never gotten a program similar to this to work so effortlessly. Not to mention, as great as this one. Great work!
Could not get by without it.
Works perfectly
It's awesome, just use it and feel it.
Teamviewer is fantastic.  I've been using it since version 5 or so and I've loved every minute of it.  It's allowed me to help my parents while I'm away at college, or access a file off of my home computer in a jiffy.  Free, cross-platform compatible, and blazing fast, what more can you want?
It really is the best app for remote desktop.You can control everything on your computer! THANK YOU DEVS, THANK YOU!!!
Unbelievably amazing
Using this application in desktop for a quite long time. Now using in mobile also. Incredible app... thanks for the team behind this prgram.. :)
Good job!!!! Love it!!!!
simple , works great. who needs windows surface if u can access and use all the annoying office files directly from your own computer?
simple , works great. who needs windows surface if u can access and use all the annoying office files directly from your own computer?
excellent sw worth every $..
Great
Amazing app, it always works.  One problem, though, it has no support for my phone's physical shift key or function key, they will not do anything, so I end up having to use the on-screen keyboard when I need capital letters and numbers. No stars taken, thought I would get this out there and have it fixed.  Also please add a button to switch monitors, it's a bit tedious to change it in the options everytime.
GOOD
Been using the PC version and now mobile, its amazing. tnx.
Great
Great
Love the feature that highlights same number. Got another 100 puzzles? Would like the auto-check feature to complain when putting the same number in a conflicting spot. Obviously, I love this version of the game!
Love the feature that highlights same number. Got another 100 puzzles? Would like the auto-check feature to complain when putting the same number in a conflicting spot. Obviously, I love this version of the game!
Been using teamviewer for PC for many days.... Never thought there would be a mobile version.... Great work.
Been using teamviewer for PC for many days.... Never thought there would be a mobile version.... Great work.
Awesome product!
It's great to be able to work on my home pc from my phone on the road.
Great app, works well and is a must have. I think this app should come with all android phones
Jó kis progi, könnyű vezérelni, akár ágyból is a pc-t... Eddig hibátlanul müködik, jó app!
Hope u have a viewer remote for phone to phone and and file transfer.
Good and free
حلو البرنامج وانا بستخدمو من زمان بس علتو الوحيدة انو كل ما تطفي الكومبيوتر وتشغلو رح يغير الباسورد وبالتالي رح تضطر تحكي مع حدا عند الكومبيوتر ويعطيك الباسورد...
Excellent!
This app simply RoX.. it's Just amazing, lets you use your computer from anywhere. Very very great job guys!!!!
I love teamviewer in linux and windows. But I love in mobile devices too! More ligjt :)
It works on 2g !! I did not install this thinking that it wont work with my 20kbps airtel 2G. But I just installed it and its working pretty well ! I cant believe this!!! Awesome on xperia u
Great
Bahot zabarst hai.yaar
Power of team viewer on mobile.  Works wonders. I can control my office P.C. From my mobile now quite satisfied with this app
Great app!
Best remote desktop apps of all
Thank you so much for this app
I am using my desktop to run a dedicated gaming server. The app lets me check on the server and do anything needed to keep it online. Definitely recommended for users who are on the go and need access to their home desktops.
I've been using TeamViewer for a few years now and it works great and has never let me down when I need something from my desktop.
Pretty awesome! I certainly never expected it to be so smooth and intuitive. :)
Thank you
good
Control computers from your phone, what next?
Awesome Apps .. for free of Cost ..
Supr apps
This is a really great app. It's very responsive and allows you to do simple things on your computer while you're away (like email yourself a file). The one thing I hate about this is that the "Keep me signed in" feature only works occasionally, which is really annoying.
Nice nice nice..
It worked before but now it is not working.
I never thought the android app of team viewer will be so awesome. Even on slow 2g connection, it works like a charm. Thanks Teamviewer.
I've been using Teamviewer for a while on my PC.  The phone version is just as easy to use.  Recommended.
Nice app its working smoothly  on my gs2
Good
Good
Excellent app, love it
Its awesome.
Best app thanks
Run like from pc
Saved my a$$ many times! Depending on your size of screen of your phone/tabloid your 'mouse' needs some training. Rather than that ... NICE!
Good
The best feature is block remote mouse it key board control. Now my kid cannot kick me out while I log in remotely to shut down his cartoon. :)
Controlling my desktop on-the-go has never been easier. Great app!
Ajibbbbbbb
Very easy to use and very useful tool
Thanks
It's not just free; TeamViewer is by far the most convenient, reliable, secure, and easy to use remote desktop app (paid & free). It's better than Splashtop. There's no need to search for IP addresses, which change frequently, or have a server or domain.
It's a very good tool.. I can easily remote my pc at home...:)
I like this application and its usefull on my samsung. Thanks. Good job
I have installed on my android . Amasing application
I've been using Teamviewer for my laptop & desktop for a couple years. Finding this app for my Asus tablet was a great relief. Functionality is great & the whole experience is very intuitive. The drop down keyboard with all the function keys made it very easy to use. Thanks for a great product!
I tested this app, and work is amazing app. :-)
Was using it for a long long time on other devices, but today i tried out on my old g2, n it doesnt respond to any clicking. Only can move the mouse
Thanks for the amazing app!
Best app I have found so far.
Amazing tool when on the go
Works great i recomend it to everybody
All I can say is I wish I had found this app a year ago. I know this will really come in handy once I get used the touch of it. Thank you for this great free app! I'm telling all my friends about it.
Great interface G
Great interface G
Functions as it says it does. Fast and clear. Free. Awesome!
Superb
I love this app.  It's just like a mini Team Viewer on your Android! Get this app!!!
Adil
I tried this FREE app and I have now uninsulated my logmein programs from my Verizon Motorola android 3 and my pc and laptop. Works like a charm. I wished it would save my settings like show desktop background and quality settings. But for FREE I will keep it.  Also no sound on my phone...  I still give it 5 Star, you can't beat it for the price...
Perfect
wow must download my all frends
Really very very execellent
Gr8 job guys.. Always wanted to have one of these..!!
Simply amazing. That is all I can say. I can't use my BT keyboard on my iPad. Everything else this does do supersedes that issue.
although some say the adds at the end get to them, well i say its a small price to pay for a free app. its grea,t works as said. for me it dont skip or lag and puts my comp at my fingers when i need it. ty team viewer 7 :). cam i rate you a 10??????
Since the update it has gotten very sluggish.  I'm on wifi in the same room as the remote computer.  It takes between 8-15 sec from click to response.
Great app but the pop up after closing on the computer gets annoying
Never problems with routers or firewalls. Just jump into my list and take over my pc at home
Love it!
coooool
This is the app which i wanted . Now i can operate my P.C From a far place.
I work IT and paid for corperate.... its saved me trips to the office more than once.... Resurrected a VOIP server while i was in the middle of the highway... The best
The service has significantly declined over the past 2 years. I get "commercial use detected" and can't connect for more than 58 seconds. Of course I've only ever used it to connect to my home pc and my grandfather's. Now they want $700? Their costumer service is a joke and never responded. There are way better solutions out there. I now use Ammyy Admin (FREE) for desktop connections and any of the Remote Desktop apps on the market will do the same thing as this one using public routers or the windows RD protocol instead. Also be warned that in their EULA, they give themselves the right to take personally identifiable information off your computer.   I sincerely hope this company-- with their shady limitations, DATA MINING, and wretched customer service-- fails very soon.
Love it
Super app in android
One of best utilities I've ever usesd. It is good idea to allow free personal use. Thanks!
One of best utilities I've ever usesd. It is good idea to allow free personal use. Thanks!
This was easy to install and setup. Free version works great.
Easy to use and best thing works with dual monitors just by selecting which monitor you would like to view
Easy to use and best thing works with dual monitors just by selecting which monitor you would like to view
pretty fast and easy to use.
pretty fast and easy to use.
No bugs so far
I can't believe how seamlessly this works. I installed it and was connected to my home over within 30 secs. You guys have done a great job with this!!!
Awesome
Just wat I wanted for my personal use!
What can I say?  The darn thing just works! :)  I set it up on my PC and my Tablet (easy) and connected and it just worked!  And now the PC app is free for personal use!  Only one issue I saw and it's realy minor.  You can set up a permanent password, but you mayhave to do it twice and the small screen will still look like it needs you to put in the randomly generated code.  But just put in the permanent password.  It will work.  Just set it up and you'll be controlling your PC like the pics show! :)
Very nice! Easy to use! Very helpful!!!
Personally I like this app.
Jst hv to use and say thanks....realy very usefull
One of the best app of all times!!!
Great r
Use ur pc while on the move...... i love it.....
Nice
Great app you can't go wrong
Use this app on the desktop which amazing in its own right...But on the mobile and tablet its even more fantastic!!
Awesome
good app
Simple and easy to install and use
Great screen resolution and very little lag,  thank you
Free, compared to the Logmein apps.
Excellent app works every time.
Its best
i was using wifi to use internet and this app gave error of "no internet connection"
No cons so far
Simply amzing.. Works great
Superb app...mind blowing!!!!
Superb app...mind blowing!!!!
Have used this program to help my parents and friends out when needed never fails love
It works great, allowing me to use my remote computer smoothly. And, best of all, it's free!
It works great, allowing me to use my remote computer smoothly. And, best of all, it's free!
This app os the best for remote control of your pc, recommend
Just like the desktop version
The app could be very good, instead is very imprecise and doesn't refresh properly so you find yourself clicking what you are not supposed to click = lot of damage if you are doing something important..(like i just did...##!!!%##!!@#!@#!) It could be good to monitor what's going on on your connected device but you don't want to use it to work remotely.  I m using it on an Asus prime.  Maybe on  other devices it works better?  Please improve this and you will jump on top of the best apps!  So far is just 2stars.
Excellent,  as always. Makes remote PC extremely convenient! Flawless.
Great app
awesome! just what I was hoping for!
grt efforts team keep it up
It does work reasonably well with a Galaxy Note running on ics v4.0.3. The cursor echos 3 images and switching computer user can cause problems, but considering it's free it isn't bad!
even lets you choose if you have multiple monitors would recomend, I not going to look no further for remote product.. This is by far the best
This app is amazing!! You can control your computer from your Phone, what else can I say?!
Works as advertised. Never had a glitch with the software :)
NICE WORK
Magic
Was looking for something similar to remote desktop for my android phone and this seems to be it. Works very well for me just would like to have that transfer file tool on android. Not just desktop. Great app
This is a fantastic app.
good
This app is a technical marvel. I installed it within a few minutes and it is working flawlessly.  I had heard about it month ago but figured it would be a pain to get working and would be slow. I was totally wrong. I have it working on my Acer A500 tablet connected to an old Windows XP desktop and it is running with no delays.  What convinced to try it is I saw it in action at an auction house to track bids via a tablet connected to a PC running a database. I am presently only using it for my personnel PC but I can see where it would be excellent for a business. Awesome job.  Hamrad
Lovely app. I never forget to turn off my pc...i can even do it from work, train or in the loo. Must have application.
Can't believe how well this works and was so easy to set up. Really a great job done on this app!
Awsom app, no lagg
Works perfectly!
Problems with rezolution - too small table with high rezolution
Problems with rezolution - too small table with high rezolution
Just keeps getting better all the time. I love being able to continue using the laptop when the battery gets too hot for my giant lap ;)
Nice
Works flawlessly on a Galaxy Nexus over LTE. Love this app and program, and it's even better that it's free.
这个功能非常强大。强烈建议大家使用。
Works great, can help my parents now when I'm not home. And best of all, its free! Samsung galaxy s 3
Works great, can help my parents now when I'm not home. And best of all, its free! Samsung galaxy s 3
The best good job guys
The best good job guys
inteh yahuuuud
Really works good and alright
It does everything I could ask.
Love this app. Works every time. Galaxy note
Love this app. Works every time. Galaxy note
Works flawlessly. Simple setup. No ads, or spam. No skimping out on features just because its free. If there were a paid version, I'd buy it purely out of support.
Sweet app!
Actually need this very often. Great program as always
The pc client slows down my netbook, but in lAndroid it's fast!
Great
Wored well on my sumvision cyclone astroplus. I could control my computer and I didn't hve to install it on my computer
Android rocks.. This app is nt n apple also !! Needs few updates nd it vl b fantastic .
They did a very nice job on this application. I use it to control my computer attached to my tv when I watch netflix or hulu, or play a disc. I am sure it can handle more robust applications.
Best app/ program of its kind.
I have a website hosting server and it allowes me to do things with out being at the computer its amazing i recomend this app to everyone always staying in touch with ur computer
So great
This app has saved me so much in time and fuel cost.
Love it use it all the time
Not connecting remote pc to phone, but perfect app
Awesomeness!
I control computer when iam in collage by mobile
This app is awesome giving it 5 stars would be great if we could have file transfer feature like the desktop version.
Awesome app can work from home without VPN
Awesome app can work from home without VPN
Awesome app can work from home without VPN
Good
Great app!!
Great, been using it to remote control pc from my handphone.. time saver
This app is amazing besides the Few seconds to figure it out completely.
I advise getting the dropbox app aswell so you can access your PC with team and grab what ever you want and throw it on drop box and it will send it directly to your phone! Love this app
using it on daily basis to control home network and help friends with. 5 stars  and no complains for a free app.
it works very good a useful app for who are always on field
если не считать мелочей, связанных с неудобством наведения курсора на объект управляемого устройства, то программа более чем удобная и функциональная. Открывает большие возможности. Спасибо разработчикам!!!
Great app, works very well. One thing that could make it perfect would be compatibilty with mouses connected through OTG, right now you need to click and drag to move the pointer on PC. If the pointer on the phone and the PC were synced, it was a flawless experience!
Great app, works very well. One thing that could make it perfect would be compatibilty with mouses connected through OTG, right now you need to click and drag to move the pointer on PC. If the pointer on the phone and the PC were synced, it was a flawless experience!
Yeap very useful
Just wonderful for managing the PC at home and helping my parents/grandparents with their PC problems.
Just wonderful for managing the PC at home and helping my parents/grandparents with their PC problems.
the camera can't get a correct focus.
It's simply amazing!
Oh it is the greatest app in the world now i have two computer  there is no need of buying a windows phone amazing app
What I've gathered is that some people want the touch and click option rather than having to drag the mouse around, I think it would be great for there to be an option which lets you choose between the two:)
Little more advance..........
Love it!
I gave it 5 stars because this is literally the best app on my device. But i would like it better if it had the file transfer option like the desktop versions and maybe android to android remote control if possible.
Team viewer is the best. I can control all my home computers from my cell. Even if the computer is not logged on, I can still control it as long as its on.
I've already tried other remote desktop application,  but this one is the best. Love it!
I was blown away by this, I've never even heard about it before!  It's designed to be so simple, so seamless, and it's honestly fun.  And a dazzler for audiences.  Thanks so much for making this app literally my favorite implemented idea from the marketplace to date!
Excellent util
This is my PC.
Using it on Samsung galaxy sIII and it is just as good as pc version. Fantastic for a free app
Excellent
this is my favorit app..
I LOVE this app! Too good to be true! No problems so far!!! :-)
Wow. Kind of almost TOO seamless!
Amazing where technology has reached !
I've been using this for a long time now, works great when I need to access my desktop computer at home from work!
Very good
Its been a life saver more than once .Thanks to the creators
It is so good that you can even control your computer ,tablets ,phones . All you need to do is download team viewer on all devices you have .foll inst
works amazingly well with cellphones =P, tje only feature im missing is to send a txt message to the computers in my list, but still 5 stars =P
I do not give 5 stars too often..
Excellent application... I had remotely controlled my laptop running windows 8 (beta). Works good :)
Excellent application... I had remotely controlled my laptop running windows 8 (beta). Works good :)
This application is amazing great job Development.
But the app keeps forgetting my password despite remember being ticked. HTC One X.
Been using teamveiwer for years, this works great, beats any vnc i have used threw my android phone
Very helpful
Best app bottom line!
The best
Truly the best remote desktop solution I've ever used, and a flawless app too! Very fast, very scaleable and very easy to use, absolutely top notch
This app is great and has helped me get into my home pc when I most needed it.  5 stars device droidx
very usefull if you have to work at multiple locations at a time.
The best app, totally rock's. I set it up at my pc and now can access it from where ever I am.
The best app, totally rock's. I set it up at my pc and now can access it from where ever I am.
Simply put, this is the best remote app there is.. Worked seamlessly with my Windows 7 computer and offers more features than the other apps which you have to pay for. Fantastic app and best of all it is free! Massive props to the TeamViewer team.
most of tym i have to help my family in computer problem. doing it over phone with just providing instructions are not good enough. with this i can myself access tue system n reaolve the problem.  Thanks for creating this app!!
most of tym i have to help my family in computer problem. doing it over phone with just providing instructions are not good enough. with this i can myself access tue system n reaolve the problem.  Thanks for creating this app!!
Very helpful with this application
Simlpe,fast very good app just like its desktop version
What can make it better if the full app was free.
What can make it better if the full app was free.
However if i want to remote my pc over my home lan network i have to switch my data connection on and wait til i have "connected to server" then i deactivate my data connection andthen reconnect my home wifi connection and then only am i able to connect remotely
However if i want to remote my pc over my home lan network i have to switch my data connection on and wait til i have "connected to server" then i deactivate my data connection andthen reconnect my home wifi connection and then only am i able to connect remotely
However if i want to remote my pc over my home lan network i have to switch my data connection on and wait til i have "connected to server" then i deactivate my data connection andthen reconnect my home wifi connection and then only am i able to connect remotely
Best remote control app ever!!!
This program is great on my PC,phone and tablet. I use the PC version to fix PC problems for family who live too far away to be there.  Having it in my tablet and phone alkalis me to remote control my PC's to watch movies and videos. Great product all around.
O‘YA MAN THAT'S FUCKIN AWESOME I CAN'T BELIEVE IT
On my phone no less. Excellent job Guys
Perfect remote software.
Awesome app Gr8 help for workin professionals
I've been using Team Viewer for years, and it's great.
Works perfectly on my Galaxy Note.
I have a shared conputer and I use this when others r using the PC now ppl think a virus on it lol thanks.
Use this all the time when I'm away from my computer but need to access something.
Its really not working.
This is by far the best app i have. I am writing this using my droid remotely. So simple to set up. TeamVeiwer is going on every PC me and my family own. If you only download one app this week/month/year make it this one. Never again will i need to guess whats on my sons screen when he kills his laptop and rings me in work to sort it out. Amazing app. If i could give it 100 stars i would, it deserves every one. Great work developers. Super fast and easy to use. Oh and its freeeeeeeeeeee
I totally recommend this app then the others, it helps me keep track of my downloads and such when I am not at home. Also to help people, its not good to keep shutting down your computer everyday because the chips in it are like the roads that you drive on, if you have it hot then cold then hot again it will break. Just ask a real legit computer person (that works on building computers and working with the coding for them).
Great app!  Use it all the time.
Brilliant app that delivers what you expect of it, I thought it would be fiddly and difficult but the implementation of the cursor works great.
I love it...
This product is fast and easy
amazin!
Best one programme
It's awasome app for easy remote
It's awasome app for easy remote
Simply the best!
I fixed my sister-in-laws mom's laptop from my phone while sitting in my car....
I fixed my sister-in-laws mom's laptop from my phone while sitting in my car....
I just tried this app and it works very well. Highly recommended.  HTC evo design.
Great program.  Please add a mode where the cursor snaps to the finger on touch.	Great program.
I use this app daily. I would like the paid version available for android.
Works really well, it's incredibly smooth on my GS1. Perfect solution to what I was attempting to do which was controlling my media server remotely. Cheers guys!
Excellent product..I am deeply amazed it is free..even non  Commercial
Perfect utility to get in your pc at the distance.
Best
Amazing app. its simply amazing. i had used team viewer by connecting through a computer but i never knew that it would be this fantastic even on my smartphone. now i can help my mother with her computer problems when i am not home. CHEERS.
patta
patta
Now i can view my desktop remotely xD
I have used the app on a couple of occasions and really benefited from it, thank you
Very good and easiest way to control the desktop remotely. Linux or windows worked perfectly for me for years. Thank you so much team for continues improvement and keeping such useful software for free for noncommercial individuals..
Works seamlessly on wifi. Intuitive controls makes this a breeze to use.
So GOOD! !"""
Thank you so much for allowing non business users to have access to this.
Extremely useful. I use this everytime I am anywhere in the world.
Excellent app for remote control.
Stellar app. Very good for productivity, pranks, you name it.
Gamersoul baby
Exelleentt
Works great and allows me to manage remote computers on the go.
This works flawlessly, and has made my life much easier! My only gripe is the sign in process...it's a bit cryptic but works fine...great product!
We use this tool alot, now that I have it on my android I can use it anywhere. Amazing!
We use this tool alot, now that I have it on my android I can use it anywhere. Amazing!
We use this tool alot, now that I have it on my android I can use it anywhere. Amazing!
Running on a Droid Razr 2.3.6 Does everything right the first time every time . And FREE I just wish I could give it more than 5 stars. Thank You
Running on a Droid Razr 2.3.6 Does everything right the first time every time . And FREE I just wish I could give it more than 5 stars. Thank You
Works great
I love it....thank you for this great application.
Help solve lots of issues on my parents computers. Awesome.
The no 1 app in my life
It works great!
Excelente
Great app!
Good program for pc
Good program for pc
So easy to set up. A+
Jako dobro
Just what I need
Whey
great app! good job devs!!
Ok
esta perron
Perfect for the, Oh I forgot to do this on my computer moment. Plus great all around app to install and help mom and dad out on those Computer illiteracy moments.
Perfect for the, Oh I forgot to do this on my computer moment. Plus great all around app to install and help mom and dad out on those Computer illiteracy moments.
I had purchased Splashtop for Windows.  That worked fine, until I decided to nuke W7 and install Fedora 17 on my laptop.  TeamViewer is the only (easy) solution I know of that works on Linux.  Not too happy it actually runs under "wine", but performance is acceptable.  Allows me to connect to my computer from any wireless access point or from my Droid Charge without having to be a network engineer to attempt to do the same with another 'vnc' type of program.  Configuring routers and computers to do this, if possible, is beyond my technical knowledge. All in all a great program, and "Free" for non commercial use.
Good app.  But, it would be even better if I didn't have to move the mouse cursor and select remote items in such a slow way.  Especially when using a bluetooth mouse with my tablet, when I just want the experience as close as possible to sitting at the remote desktop.
Super easy and really works. I can connect to my laptop with a VNC  client running  and do SAP  installs from my phone.
I installed this on my galaxy tab N now im connected to my pc... Its so easy :D
Very well done and its free can't beat it
Seriously, this is far the best app on my phone. Doesn't crash, connects fast, quality depends on internet connection but it does save you a lot of time and kilometers, if you forget to do something from your home PC. I'm a student and it helped me many times. Recommend!
Fantastic app . Thank you !
Fantastic app . Thank you !
This app is really good.
Finally an easy solution to helping the family with technical issues! Thanks guys!
I really enjoy this app, now I can fix problems while even in bed.
Simply the best!
I use this very often its great!
Funciona muito bem! Ótimo aplicativo
Very awesome app. Works over 3g just fine must have app thanks
Now to compete with Splash Remote desktop and implement sound
Fast and easy to use.  Now I can use my phone as a remote to the computer I hooked up to my TV.
Love this app!
Love this app!
Awesome been using it with my friend to fix my pc awesome to watch as they control your pc. Also awesome to use to control a pc.....was thinkin to my friend there should be an ability to gost install and ghost use....woulp be epic for trolling unsuspecting people
Superrrrrrrrrb application.....
Great app
Thank you for great app
Everything just works, only downside is it transfers lots of data when running, so try to get a WiFi connection before you turn it in
This .apk is one of the coolest ! I used to dream about this stuff ! Glad to see it's a reality ! Exlcellent work y'all ! Thank You !
Can't function at work without it!
Greaaaat app. Now i can play music while im in the bathroom :) Hehehe Thank you again great app
When it comes to remote desktop applications ... Team viewer beats competition hands down
Helpful
It's almost dead simple. It works. It's not hard to live without.
great
More than I want,  I can control my PC, music playing, managing PC downloads ..................... Much more
Brilliant it helps me so much I love it definitely recommend to anyone who likes fun
=)
Unlike other posters, who want tablet-like gestures, the developer's choice is excellent. On a PC screen, you need precise cursor placement and this can be achieved only if the cursor is NOT obscured by your finger. All in all, the best remote desktop app.
Does what i need it to.......thankyou......
Does what i need it to.......thankyou......
Best PC remote I've used.
Being the family it guy, this saves me a huge amount of time. Only thing I would like to see on the app is the quick switch between monitors liked the PC version has.
Great app, delivers exactly what it promises.
I use this app all the time!! Awesome app!.
After writing off tablets for good due to not being able to access/use my work applications (Java) while on the road, with this app i now use my galaxy exclusively. Instant access to my office desktop with no lag and super user friendly. Absolutely love it!
What more can I say this thing's awesome.
So amazing!
2nd best app on the market !
Very useful
This is one of the greatful freeware software in the market. Use and enjoy....
Nice job. It's simple and usefull.
AWESOME APP !!!!!!!!!!!! easy to use and does its intended work efficiently....great work done by the developers...cheers!!!
Thank you for free apps
The power of a PC on my mobile well almost
awesome app !!! ull be stunned by its capability!!!!!!! highly productive app!!! a must have app
It's the best application on all devices and not just android. If there were more than 5 stars I would surely give it full rating.
Never been easier to rd
This is an amazing app. It is the sort of app that is of a high enough quality to pay for, but is kept free. Love it
Why pay for Remote Desktop Client when all you need is this, and it's free? Seriously.  I use this in conjunction with Wol Wake on Lan Wan to wake up my PC and TeamViewer to access my PC. If you have a Dynamic IP (most people have), register for a free sub-domain at Dyndns.org and configure your router. Only nuisance about free DYNDNS is that your account (subdomain) will expire if you don't click on the renew link they send you every month or so or whatever it is.
Why pay for Remote Desktop Client when all you need is this, and it's free? Seriously.  I use this in conjunction with Wol Wake on Lan Wan to wake up my PC and TeamViewer to access my PC. If you have a Dynamic IP (most people have), register for a free sub-domain at Dyndns.org and configure your router. Only nuisance about free DYNDNS is that your account (subdomain) will expire if you don't click on the renew link they send you every month or so or whatever it is.
Why pay for Remote Desktop Client when all you need is this, and it's free? Seriously.  I use this in conjunction with Wol Wake on Lan Wan to wake up my PC and TeamViewer to access my PC. If you have a Dynamic IP (most people have), register for a free sub-domain at Dyndns.org and configure your router. Only nuisance about free DYNDNS is that your account (subdomain) will expire if you don't click on the renew link they send you every month or so or whatever it is.
Best application
Its the very good app...... I like it very much
Its the very good app...... I like it very much
Ok, it's fast( no notable lagging), it had good controls and it's free! This is by far the best app for remote desktop
Super tool!
sucks
Like it
Amazing Application Good work :)
Good work runs smoothly.
Lovin it.helps me to cntrl my office work frm anywhere...highly recommended.
I don't often leave feedback, mostly only when I encounter a well above average service. As a normal service teamviewer is the easist and most convient screen sharing program I have used ever. Their app is no exception. Keep up the good work guys.
Works great!!! More people should use this app.
super apps
I CAN LOOK AT MY PORN WHILE I'M IN CLASS
Niice.
Works great.
Works great.
No need for other words.
Very nice love it
I love this programme, when I notice I could get it for the android, I jump for joy. Thank you so much, now I can access my pc from anywhere.
To developer. Im going to upgrade my teamviewer coz u guys have ♥, big one.
Very nice app, Justuis a shane its too expensive for Small businesses to liscence.
Phần mềm rất tuyệt :)
I have no words for this app, its just perfect ! It works so well, nothing to complain about ! Amazingly programmed, i wish all apps were done like this.
It works perfect like it has allways done. the same feel you can have if you use the desktop program between two computers.  Just so great
Deserves 7 stars. Brilliant app.
Great application...highly recommended to everyone
Its fun using your laptop remotely!  And this is the best out there!
Does it all!
Does it all!
Works great, no glitches
Works great, no glitches
Hands down better than gotomypc. Bought a license to use at work... no different than free version... very cool! Easy remote control and desktop sharing with audio and video. Hats off to the developers.
Hands down better than gotomypc. Bought a license to use at work... no different than free version... very cool! Easy remote control and desktop sharing with audio and video. Hats off to the developers.
Hands down better than gotomypc. Bought a license to use at work... no different than free version... very cool! Easy remote control and desktop sharing with audio and video. Hats off to the developers.
Absolutely brilliant app, use it almost every day for little bits. Doesn't even need wi-fi connection to work, and was so easy to install even my kid could do it. Thank You, Thank You! :)
Anyone can use this app, even if for n00bs like me. Great controls in touchscreen. It would be perfect if it can: 1. Emulate touch control on windows 8 metro 2. Stealth mode
I'm with these guys:  Wow... well done.
had been using teamviewer at iOS just found out @ google play going to love this app
Now i can be sure da my frnd wnt peek into ma stuff.
Now i can be sure da my frnd wnt peek into ma stuff.
Just to say it's really fantastic .
Just to say it's really fantastic .
Use for monitoring bitcoin farms.perfect tool
This is awesome works great in my galaxy note thank you
easy to set up, easy to use. Not sure why, but sometimes it doesn't give me the toolbar on the bottom (to bring up keyboard, zoom, etc). If I log in several more times, eventually the toolbar appears. Optimus V.
D bst
Good app
This is a very userful App. Appreciating the Developers as it is having a good speed & just tested it & it works very perfect even on 2G network. So being an IT professional I am sure this will help me a lot. 5 Stars from me. Thanks
Thanks very much, it work quite fast on my phone :) I'm happy with it!
Hi
Pokok na mah aluuuus
Perfect App using it daily to control my home pc from Office..... flexible app easy to use...
Awesome,, but new version doesn't save login password.
Thank you so much for this app. It is so perfect!!!! Now I don't have to worry about what my kids are up to on the computer.  Would be nice to have a stealth type function, but I'm not complaining. Thank you again!!!!
Just amazing luv this
It makes me in control of all my PCs. From any where.  I love it.
Excellent!!!
I just controlled my pc using my phone. It looked awesome. Thanks to team viewer team...
I just controlled my pc using my phone. It looked awesome. Thanks to team viewer team...
wonderful
Good application
Greaţă job. I have full control over my home or business computer, wherever i go.
Great app.
Works amazing. Super fast and very easy to use. Couldnt be happier with the app. Does exactly what i expected it to do.
I used logMeIn because of easy set up.  I tried this one because it is free. It does what LogMeIn free version do and it is free.  The phone control is simple and normal task such as typing is not a problem.  connectivity stability is something need to concern.  One thing over log me in is there is a running mode on the clinet PC. Instead of register an account, you can choose to use running mode which does not required installation and it use temp id and password, so no register is required. It is very good for fixing a remote computer when there are security issue.  I think this is very useful and clean. I had problem with display 2 times in 2 hours and need to reconnect to fix it.  Other than that, it is great. Since it fulfill my requirement, I just just it to monitor a server, I give it 5 stars.  It is a wonderful free app.
This runs great..its fast and easy to install.
Absolutely the best remote app out, plus it's free.
Cool apps.....
very nice
Can continue working while taking a dump!
Great app and software easy to use and it works
Like it
Useful to help my friends and family with common system issues.
Ok, I'm in love now.  This program is freakin amazing, now I can remotely connect to my htpc at anytime and record shows, queue up some handbrake compression or whatever is needed.  Some notes, don't expect to be able to stream movies or music to your phone/tablet, but full remote control of your desktop is possible.  This app also is fairley kind to your data, I used an estimated 2MB per minute,  but  for my purposes I only need 10-15 tops for most tasks.
Get to fix my moms pc from the other side of the moon :-)
Great app
But did the last update slow it down? Was very responsible b4 that.
is better than logmein ignition and is free !!!
Please: Make the computer that controls the phone .. Please Please Please :(
Great app
How can you keep same pass word
Won‘t run on LG Optimus 2X. App sulks with black screen at startup  UPDATE Since upgrading to Android 2.3 and downloading latest update now runs fine
Works better than remote desktop
Works better than remote desktop
I tried both this app and pocketcloud, but teamviewer is much faster/less laggy and more convenient for it.
A great app for managing computer deeds from anywhere! Slightly slow, but good enough for normal use.
serched and finaly got
Finalyyyyyyyyyy You made it for optimus x2 Thank you thank you thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Finalyyyyyyyyyy You made it for optimus x2 Thank you thank you thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Great app!!!
Works beautifully. Just as well as the PC version only it is on my mobile. These guys are great.
Works perfectly... Love this app
Very good!!!
Tried many this is best one. Remote access is good. File transfer not tried.
Very little lag.  Works great!
comment not needed! I loved teamviewer on pc, now, i love it even more!
Please, please, can you add LAN connections to this app, like the PC version?  This will enable home wifi connection to your devices without the need for internet!  Please! Vote the same people!
Please, please, can you add LAN connections to this app, like the PC version?  This will enable home wifi connection to your devices without the need for internet!  Please! Vote the same people!
Been using way way back.I can't replace it.and its still free.
no i don t need to get up from bed anymore. everything can be done from there.
I've been using TV on all the smartphones I've ever used.. I just love it.. It makes all if your computer portable.. I've been using it since ages.. Plus its free.. thankyou developers..!!
Gr8t app
Mst
Mst
All you need Is an Internet Connection and then let the FUN Begin
Excellent software, free or not. Never found anything better!
Great with a RCV that does not rely on op address since a lot of computers have static ip
I need to access a diary that is only on one computer at the office, and have been using the PC app for a little while.  Am really impressed with the Android iteration, works like a dream on my tablet and even my phone (although it's a little fiddly on a Galaxy S2).  Genuinely impressed!  Perfect on Thinkpad Tablet.
Works fine for me.
I wish I could control a android based tablets but still a 5 STAR
I love this app.
I use it for everyday things that would be nearly impossible to access with out this app.. specially being remotely located.
I use it for everyday things that would be nearly impossible to access with out this app.. specially being remotely located.
Nice to use
Really helps me out when im not home, or if i wanna be lazy. Pretty snappy and responsive, attractive yet professional UI. this apps a beast
SIMPLY AMAZING!
EXlent but slow plz update
I'm using it with my HTC DHD and Ubuntu 12.04 and it works great! I still have hard time scrolling down pages in Chrome, but even if it's a bug, I still love this app. great work!
This is exactly what I was looking for, especially with the price I am paying! :) I have only used it for a couple hours but it didn't let me down. Great job developers!
TeamViewer is the best VNC software I've tried and tested and this app is an excellent extension. Now I can even give my family remote assistance from my phone if necessary. Great stuff.
great apps..
In a few seconds its connected to my laptop and started to work.
I like this app very usefull
I like this app very usefull
Very useful, a must have and a definate keeper
Wish we could connect 2 android devices
This app is very funny and very usefull.
Efficient.
Its very fast in slow internet. Very friendly tool.
jmazihg
Love it
Nice
Awesome..
i like this pro to remote my computer from outside.
He worked!
Very good app.
Very easy to control the friends pc
I like it
Usefull...
I'm impressed. I've been using this type of software since PCanywhere. This one makes me feel like we are living in the future. The interface is great (takes some getting used to in the mobile app version, but once you find your way scrolling and clicking it's a snap). And it's fast!  Great job!
Good app. Recommended.
Wow
This application actually got me a job. Had to send my CV to a company urgently, and I didn't have a copy of my CV on me. So I remote in to my PC at home and through teamviewer send myself an email with my CV attached and the test is history. Awesome thank you to all developers!!
This application actually got me a job. Had to send my CV to a company urgently, and I didn't have a copy of my CV on me. So I remote in to my PC at home and through teamviewer send myself an email with my CV attached and the test is history. Awesome thank you to all developers!!
Este aplicativo é muito bom pra ser grátis, não dá pra acreditar... Consigo controlar meus dois notebooks à distância tranquilamente, sem complicações. Parabéns.
Very well designed. Faultless and free - bravo!
I use this to buffer movies on my laptop through my smartphone. It has definetly made things easier.
Use this alot on pc as well as smartphone
I use both the PC desktop version and the Android version. I do a lot of troubleshooting of friends computers, and the desktop app is perfect for that. I can log in and see everything that I need to fix, or I can demonstrate things to my friends that help them understand how to keep their PC running better. The Android app is perfect for me because my PC is always on and if I need to grab something from my desktop, it's just a couple of clicks away.
I would give it six stars if I could.
I would give it six stars if I could.
Just beautiful...worked like a charm on my note!
Love this app. One of my most used, but I shouldn't have to enter my password so often (or at all) when keep me logged in is checked.
برنااااااااامج فظيع يخرب بيت الاختراعات انا مش عارف التكونولوبيا دي اخرتها ايه !!! انا جربته علي جهااااااااازي واتحكمت من الموبايل علي الجهاااااز ......والله مش مصدق لغايه دلوقت ...بس نفسي اتحكم من الكومبيوتر للموبايل ياتري فيه الخاصيه دي؟
Best in branch!
A very useful applications for remote pc access.
This app is perfect. It does exactly what it says on the tin with easy controls!
Thaaaaanks
V.v.good
Great app for remote access on the go.
Great app for remote access on the go.
Awesome!
Excellent app! I use this app for remoting my pc from bed while watching movies ...
Great app
I use this on my PC at home, my tablet and my phone and its great on all three.
World topest controler
i love it!
This is great app to control your computer
This is great app to control your computer
Im so glad to have this app in my mobile and can manage my files wirelessly.....works flowless and awesome. Thnx to developers
Im so glad to have this app in my mobile and can manage my files wirelessly.....works flowless and awesome. Thnx to developers
Im so glad to have this app in my mobile and can manage my files wirelessly.....works flowless and awesome. Thnx to developers
Works well on my Archos101IT and Samsung Galaxy Spica.
amazing apps of the world
It's hard for me to believe that this is actually possible! !
Does what it says and for free!
Although its nt that perfect but it is really maaaaziing, ,,,,,!!
Love it creep track my computer I say all stars
This is very nicely done... except the mouse pointer is not always where your finger is. This can cause unwanted selections.  The desktop version does not behave this way.  If this was fixed I could easily give 5 stars -- for now 4.
Free for private use, works perfectly
Only 1 word: fantastic!
I like too much
thanks team viewer.
And reinstall fixes the password not remembered issue.
This is an app / service that you can tell was built BY IT professionals, FOR IT professionals. Flawless.
Does what its supposed to. I just wish I could hear audio playing from the remote pc to the phone. Hope there is a release for that.
Very friendly and useful app. I've using it for a while and I will tell you this...you wont find another app like this, fast, reliable and free.
Like it very much
Very good app, but misses file transfer. New design looks awesome.
Very good app, but misses file transfer. New design looks awesome.
But why is there no file transfer?
Thank you for developement. The way to control the mouse is especially good.
Отлична програма за отдалечен достъп до pc.Мобилната версия не поддържа видео.Работи и през 3G.Горещо препоръчвам...
Thank you so much for ask this great stuff you offer.
How cool to connect from android ics to windows to my virtual ubuntu os. No words of praise can describe my amazment!! WTG teamviewer.
Awesome apparently love it!
This app had been an incredible addition to my functionality with work and access to data
From turning off my home computer while at work to fixing my technology challenged friends' computers. This is the most handy app.
And free!!
Fantastic!!!! Nothing more to say :)
Fits perfectly with the PC based family of team viewer
Im an IT specialist and in my field I need remote connection all the time because its hard to move to every customer asking for help,  and honestly i didnt find an application has the same features that teamviewer has  I recommended for every one need to connect his computer with his mobile or with his phone
Love it! Solid app.
Used as a remote control for my laptop - which I use as a DVD player and works perfectly.
Works just great on Droid 4. Have no complaints.
Great app use on my pc too when at home. Helps if friends need help with computer and im away.
I've been using this app for ~1 year now.  Although it doesn't offer all of the aesthetics the other options the competitor remote access apps provide, this program beats all of the others.  TeamViewer automatically adjusts to the correct screen resolution, acts real-time to the host computer, keeps a mouse-centred screen (much preferred so you don't have to scroll mouse and screen separately) and has all the options you need.  Simple application which doesn't lag your host or mobile.  It's the easiest remote app I've used to install.  All that said, it's also free.  Again, the free version beat the competitor $14.99/$14.95 versions.  Well worth it.
Great for helping friends and family solve their pc problems. Works perfectly.
Just want to highlight that I am not getting option of ''Transfer'' Please help!!
Lol I juss wish it was an virtual pc too
I have used this for months now and I can't find anything negative to say about it. I can fix my moms computer from my phone and access all of my files anywhere. I almost never have to bring my laptop with me anymore.
Very well done. The developers have made this to be effortless. It remembers all the remote ID's and passwords so it is one click to be operating any remote computer.  I operate my desktop upstairs and my laptop all from my tablet. A+++++++++++
I wish i  can watch videos, play games etc... with it, but its awsome
Works soooo good for me! First time I've ever done this type of stuff to! E-z to use. Be at home in less than 3 min! No joke ppl!
Works soooo good for me! First time I've ever done this type of stuff to! E-z to use. Be at home in less than 3 min! No joke ppl!
Highly recommended.
Great app
Great app
Best remote ever
Very good
Works flawlessly everytime! Amazing software. So happy its free!! 10 star
The best remote control desktop and it's free
Very good app
Best app ever
Very usefull uou shoild use...
Wish I could control the phone from remote instead
Has saved my butt, and time, a lot.
Insanely easy to use, well performing, and reliable app.
I have been using this on my MacBook to remotely access my PC, and now from my android phone, and it is one of the best remote access apps I have ever used, so much easier than using an SSH tunnel, and one of the best parts is that it does all the network configuration for you, I love this app!!!
One of the best apps ever....& it's FREE. Needs high speed connection on both ends though in order to work perfectly.
One of the best apps ever....& it's FREE. Needs high speed connection on both ends though in order to work perfectly.
Works great!
Works great!
Nice and easy to operate.
Imagine having to manage several servers located in several cities. With tv, you'll think that it only there in the reach of your smartphone	... in the title :p
Imagine having to manage several servers located in several cities. With tv, you'll think that it only there in the reach of your smartphone	... in the title :p
Very good software
Cool
Great job. I love it
Awesome
Good App. Excelent to monitor your PC activities, give support in remote location and many more. It is a realy usefull APP and it's totaly Free. 5 Stars for that!
I'm unable to connect to my own pc when nobody is around to authorise the connection. It works between pc's but not from my phone. Otherwise this app is awesome!!
Very good app.mouse movement difficult to get use to though
Most important app on my phone.
No problems with EVO 4G
This is a great app, and I used it all the time to connect to my home computer.
I love this app
It's a best software to solved any normal pc problem by using this.
Wow
Impressive
G......pod
so I figured that if I wanted to use my computer remotely but well in the process of looking for my computer I could use this program well I my thoughts in my expectations were made exactly as advertised as promised runs kind of the laggy on my windows 7 ultimate but other than that on my kyocera echo, it works flawlessly running on the gingerbread
Use it all the time no problems
This app works amazing and I've never had problems with it. It has saved me lots of hassle from forgetting files at home and is so useful for checking downloads.
Awesome Technology. :-)
Teamviewer is a simple lightweight application that works accross platform giving you direct acress to your files anywhere anytime, thru your phone, laptop, desktop, or even thru the web. Its pretty much the best app out.  the free version is nice but the popups after closing connect can get iritating.
Love that app
Works great not for dumb nigs though
Great app when I need to access my computer anywhere. Free!
Best remote application available!
Beeeeeeeeeeeeest app ever I can control computer while studying xD if I can give 100 star I will xD
Works great! Incredibly handy & easy to use.
No other app comes even close to the ease of setup and use offered by this app!
Great app
Wow
Leaves an obsolete icon that can't be removed
A great app that allows you to control your computer or laptop from anywhere! Great for a school student for me, so I could email my self that long word document I forgot to print out :D
For the simple fact that it's free! If there is a pro version, I'm gonna upgrade. It does the same as an expensive 100 dollar app, but it's freakn free man.
Works fine.
Great app. Love it! Works really fast, no errors. Galaxy s2 lte
Works great on my galaxy note!
Works great on my galaxy note!
Easy and useful
Easy and useful
Super
Simple to use.
Really useful.
Would it be possible to control another smart phone through this app
Would it be possible to control another smart phone through this app
I use this app exclusively to run my 3.8 billion a yr business! Just wish i could fire an employee using this awesome app!
Trying it out since I'm having trouble with RDP. Great alternative.
A must have app. Really useful and works perfectly on my Galaxy SII and Xoom
It's simply perfect!
Perfect
Perfect
Works better and faster than on my netbook!
It's a perfect app to remote our customer pc serves them. Must have applications
Works as advertised. Use it for remotely managing my Minecraft server without using potentially dodgy remote console software.
Can control yor own computer
Amazing
I tried this app and was having issues with disconnects after about five minutes.  I emailed support and a nice gentleman promptly advised to turn off UDP in the advanced settings.  Now it's flawless and I love it.  It's a keeper!  (Motorola Xoom wifi version with ICS and  HTC Thunderbolt on Verizon, Win 7 Pro on the computers)
I tried this app and was having issues with disconnects after about five minutes.  I emailed support and a nice gentleman promptly advised to turn off UDP in the advanced settings.  Now it's flawless and I love it.  It's a keeper!  (Motorola Xoom wifi version with ICS and  HTC Thunderbolt on Verizon, Win 7 Pro on the computers)
it is best softwere gor me...
why would you put the "delete history "button NEXT to the log in button....
Use this app to remote view my live surveillance footage when I'm away from the house. Nice features **i.e.mouse right click, full keyboard, ability to reboot remote CPU, uses todays standards for a secure server connection, intuitive design/user friendly**
Very useful and free superb
Solving problems anywhere you go to help your team through teamviewer!
Its nice and working...
Amazing app easy to get stared and easier to use thank you :-)
Like my desktop version this one also comes with no lag or any other problem. Good work guys. Keep it up. I highly recommend this app.
Simple, user friendly, and easy for use all user... :-)
Superb app
Does what it promises, simple.
Great product, works like a charm, helped me lot of times. Probably the best and easiest to use remote connection application out there.
Use it constantly and its near perfection.
New phone, great app. I use two screens & lots of shortcut keys. App functions great for simple up to complex things that users do on computer os
I.can.now watch movies on  my computer anywhere
I.can.now watch movies on  my computer anywhere
I.can.now watch movies on  my computer anywhere
I'm happy with you :)
On the market
On the market
As someone coming from using LogMeIn, I expected there to be some sort of hidden catch in the free version of team viewer, but it seems to be absolutely perfect. The new updates made it run even better on my transformer
I have a pretty busy life with school, scouts, and work, I also maintain a Minecraft server, well this is the app for it. Helps with my busy schedule.
I have a pretty busy life with school, scouts, and work, I also maintain a Minecraft server, well this is the app for it. Helps with my busy schedule.
Simply great app for remote.go for it...
Simply great app for remote.go for it...
Have downloaded and installed to my computer and Samsung GALAXY S II GT-I9100  It works wonderfully. I can now control my computer from phone easily as long as my computer is on  Just wonder if I can install the same to my iPad ?  if so, how to go about it ?  Regards  Ng Bee Tong  19April2012
Thanks team viewer !
Best remote desktop a I've ever used
gr8 app
I have even used this app to create iPhone apps on a remote Mac mini. This is a great product and is simple and free. Why buy log me in for 29.99?
Not even the paid apps can touch this
Not even the paid apps can touch this
In an economy with gas prices where they are, being able to help my family out quickly without going anywhere is awesome. Great app!
Great app. Works like a charm.
Great app. Works like a charm.
Responsive and easy to use.
Great app to access data from you home pc or gain access to a pc to do repairs
Been using this for ages, really useful. However since latest update my password is not remembered each time I want to see my partners. Even after ticking remember!
Its great application
10 stars if I could ... great app .. and works on Linux ... only one I could find that will work on Ubuntu.
Landscape mode! Finally!
Can manage any computer through your andriod....... Easy,Fast,secure and even free
I use this app constantly to access my computer when I'm not at home. It's extremely smooth and fast even if I only have one or two bars of reception.
I use it to access and control my PC, and it has been a great experience so far! Nice and simple redesign with the new version too!
In my galaxy mini, works great.
Beautiful master piece
Great App!
Great App!
Great App!
Great App!
I love this app baby !!!!
I love teamviewer. Its so easy to use. I really live the way this app looks with the blue color and what not. If only the desktop app was as attractive. Still, can't complain. It just works, and that's what i expect from a well built app. A free program that also lets you use it online? Can't beat it.
I luv it but i can't remote local computer. Please made it like a pc application
I luv it but i can't remote local computer. Please made it like a pc application
Very very very nice. But i'd like to see in the options a setting for absolute pointing for the mouse.
Teamviewer is the best remote cohection program! And this just made it better! Perfect app.
Nice app and its work in same way it work on my PC
I use Teamviewer with multiple systems and it just works.  Highly recommended if you're in need of an easy-to-use remote desktop client.
Uncomplicated to setup, never had app crash, just works whenever needed.
Almost as pc version. Too small scree. But that not a peogram problem. Is screen size problem
Good app n must have for tech guys ....
Really useful data usage is okay ....thanks
6 * !
Amazing app
This app is awesome I love it
Very usefull
Works perfectly!
I use this all the time but it has 2 flaws 1) the phone heats up amd 2) it uses battery fast. But.an amazing app especially as it is free. 5 stars :)
I use this to manage my families computers. The best app out there. Doing have to with about difficulties setting up encryption or authentication. It just a great great product.
Really great ..wrks really well..xactly like in ma  desktop..thumpz up..5 star for this great app
Very good
Best remote no adds and you can see your screen, so you have full control. You can go on flash game sites and play point and click or catapult games. 5/5 from me
The best remote
The best remote
Well besides being free what else can you ask it does what is supposed to do
I use it to play minecraft on my computer and yes it is very laggy but I'm used to lag cause my computer is crap
I don't normally do reviews but this update definitely deserves one. I wouldn't say perfect but very close to it!
Love it.
quick & easiest
Helpful little tool to help out our less tech savvy elders
It's got it and  they don't even brag about it.  Best remote desktop app I have ever used.   Be it from my phone , workstation, or laptop.
Error is: unable to install on USB or SD card, the error appeared at this last update, please fix!
You won't be disappointed
I use it to control my boxes and to seldomly help my parents living on the other side of the planet :)
Best app available for android!!!
The best remote desktop app for mobile.
The best remote desktop app for mobile.
Most usefull apps.
This is the best mobile to desktop remote application ever. And it's free. This is awesome!
Blows the competion away!
Much better than both LogMeIn & VNC in terms of simplicity, security and performance. Many options to customize your experience and a number of fail safes for security. A rare 5 star gem.
Its pure perfection. Does exactly what its supposed to do and now it beautifully fits ICS with the new look and feel. 6 stars
Tried a few remote controls before, but this is awesome! And free! Can't get any better.
Excellent app. Had since HTC hero and works great in Sensation XE
The best very good A+++++
Simply outstanding. Have been using teamviewer for years, and the latest update is gorgeous! Well done!
Simple to setup, simple to connect, simple to use.
This is maybe the best vnc app on Android.
I've used tons of remote control apps but none are as good as this. Only thing is that I wish you could zoom out more because I have a big screen but that's a very Minor issue and a its a great product overal
Superb
Love the new update. TeamViewer has long been my go-to app for remote access
Thanks
Its working fine on my Xperia X10 ... Its really useful app...
Makes supporting friends and family so much easier
Makes supporting friends and family so much easier
excelent app with no bugs  thanks for your team
excelent app with no bugs  thanks for your team
Great!Great!Great!
I've been using this app for years... It has been invaluable for helping my parents with solve problems that I couldn't explain to them over the phone... And it's free... What more could you want?
So good I love it. Is downloading and I need to leave, I can turn off the computer anywhere I am. It let's you have full access to your PC anywhere if your comp is just on.
Works like a charm
Excellent
Very fast and good access
when i have to  work on others' PCs who have no clue how to work one let alone know Howe to set up VNC or RDP
Good application for work
Best remote support app!
10 Stars
Best remote app i have used
Nyc app... D best app tilll nw...!!!!!!!!
Thanks a lot for this useful software. A must have one
Thanks a lot for this useful software. A must have one
L
L
So cool!
Used this to access and manage a PC using my phone. Worked better than most desktop to desktop VNC apps I've used in the past.
Used this to access and manage a PC using my phone. Worked better than most desktop to desktop VNC apps I've used in the past.
I have used this program for many years on my pc and the app is just awesome
I have used this program for many years on my pc and the app is just awesome
Thank you for this awesome software
Thank you for this awesome software
Very helpful for tech support over mobile and tabs
As someone else mentioned prior, the navigation takes a little getting used to - not that it's got a steep learning curve or anything, just takes a couple tries to navigate around.  Overall, job well done.  And of course, it's free, which makes this all the more amazing!   Thanks TeamViewer!
Very useful. Works somewhat easily. Needs an enter key unless I just can't seem to find it.
Hey! Guys great app pls download it.....
A must have helped me outa a jam.
Love it!
Good way too get things done 5★
It's been a while since ive come across an app that has truly impressed me and this is by far the most brilliant and simple app ive used!! Its a must have for anyone!!
Can't live without.
My step dad tries to do computers ... and fails.  This means repeated calls to me which I can't answer on the phone because he can't explain what's going on.   Teamviewer to the rescue!  Now I can see and fix the problem,  saving me trips and time and aggravation..... for him too.  Perfect!
This is one of moste useable app for me..
Ok
Ok
I use it everyday it's the most useful app i have ever downloaded
Excellent well made app
I could remotely control my laptop. Love this app.
the best! is working nice on Samsung Ace!
Why can't I give you more than 5 stars??
Its realy ossom
Its realy ossom
I use TeamViewer on my laptop and now, I can review my notes and flashcards in bed, just before I go to sleep, and it works 100% in every way possible. I love it, an app I would happily pay for.
Nice
The best remote access apps and after this update become ultimate best apps for remote access
Best app for remote access
The best and most easy app to remote control your pc . . .
1 of the most usefull apl. in the market!
Is a very useful application
i never have to leave my computer again!
Had a problem but was fixed by an update the next day thanks! Awesome app!
Easily the best remote pc app...
Easily the best remote pc app...
My favo app
The best remote application on the market!
Awesome app..very usefull..
Great app thanks for being awesome and free for us personal users.
Wow, I can't believe this is free! Thank you for an awesome app! Super quick and easy to set up and works really well.
Excellent stuff
Excellent stuff
good
Works great
I was skeptical that it was going to be difficult, but it was literally less than five minutes to connect...wonderful app!
very nice
Very good ape just a bit slow on the refresh of the image
nice
wicked !
Worked perfectly on my HTC One S. Took me a minute to get used to the controls, but then it flew.
Cool App
The best ever remote program i used
galaxy gio i mam pelna kontrole nad lapkiem brata jak wroce z holandi to wszedzie wgram to super apka
Exists on all platforms.
This is my first comment in Android Market since I one years use it. I salute Team Viewer member. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
Easy to setup
Works flawlessly on Motorola Bionic and Galaxie S! Easy to connect, move around the screen and use mouse (R+L click).
It's really helpful
Very useful
Really loving
Really loving
Amazing! Great for lazy students who cant be bothered to get out of bed to turn the laptop off after a film!!
After update, works great.  Thanks!!!
I just had tested it believe it or not. It works in gprs as well. I love this app
great app but when using with tablet that has docking station it rotates screen 90 degrees which is not comfortable. Please implement landscape mode.
Very helpful.
Shiite
Shiite
I can troubleshoot family computers without 2hrs of conversation about it!  Also just pretty James Bondish to be able control any computer from the palm of your hand.
Fast connection times and good quality.
Best remote access and support app I have used...love it!
Great application....
The best at what it's supposed to do!  Running Blackice 1.50 on DHD
What the hell can I say? A free non-bullshit product that works exactly as advertised? Just download it already.
What the hell can I say? A free non-bullshit product that works exactly as advertised? Just download it already.
rly cool
This is the most awesome app ever developed! Tested using a Samsung Galaxy Note. Works perfectly. This is a must have app for anyone who needs to remotely connect to a computer :-)
Good
Its really gr8 application n helps me to work on my pc from office.
great remote apps, a must have to control your PC from far away.
I have used TeamViewer before having my Android, for Laptop to Laptop connection. It was great. Then, imagine how happy I am finding this app on Android. I don't have to reinstall anything, tap and done. I did expect to be able to transfer file like for PC mode though, but losing that capability does not make this nice app lose the 5 stars. TF201 ICS.
Using pc version 6&7  Can viedo and audio chat but this  mobil app only for remote pl update very use full thank u a lot work good in my s2
i can take my computer where ever i go, and no lag on the phone, i would give it 10 stars if i could
..
..
This is more Then just an app, this is a professional tool. Works flawlessly. Great for spying your suspected girlfriends cheating habits.
Simply the best remote control software that I have used. Runs smooth. Crazy how this is free
Work perfect on HTC Sensation XE.
Fantastic.... A must have app !
Very good
Runs great on tablets but slow on cellphones, depends on cpu
Good software but improve some other function
I tried 5 remotes; till now this one is away much better, not comparable!!
Does what it says, works excellent!

I control home and office PCs from my Motorola Milestone, Android 2.1.

Works like a charm!
This app is very useful because you can see what someone is doing on the laptop and control it.
Of the best ones
Freakin awesomeness app
Best soft i had ever seen
It's a very good app
Grt app
I thought that because it's free, it's terrible. I tried it and I'm surprised it doesn't cost... You don't need professional or ultimate windows versions like the other programs. That is why I rate it 5 stars!!!!!
Just like the PC Software, this Android App is great. Works flawless. And I can assist all my family from anywhere, anytime. And the best part its FREE!
Allows remote desktop without having to set up special ports and don't have to use a dns server... just works great!
I get connect to my family and help them!
Cool
Good app
Just like sitting at my PC. I can even use remote desktops via my pc without loss of speed or video quality. Don't pay for a  remote access app until you try this. Samsung Gakaxy S II
Works like a charm. Thanks for the great software.
Awesome app, please add wifi lan connection as an option for connecting. I mostly connect while at home anyway
Awesome app, please add wifi lan connection as an option for connecting. I mostly connect while at home anyway
Brilliant! Fantastic program! Never seen anything better!
Works very well.  SE Neo.
Works very well.  SE Neo.
Works great!
Enable upnp on your router.
Awsum...must download
Awsum...must download
Nice app n works perfectly
Super to use it in mobile
I like this app.. simple in use and so powerful.. just like what i need... thank you so much..
Superb
Good
Been looking for an app this full featured for ages why couldn't I find this sooner!? Awesome app and I think I'll even donate!
Using teamviewer on galaxy note and it is awesome! Great work guys..!
Absolutely the best. Very impressed. Works great on my xperia play. Can even use gamepad to move mouse. Tried a few but this is wicked sick
5 stars from me !
Best app to access ur pc or laptop
Awesome
It helps a lot turning your android to virtual pc
Outstanding performance this chould work on anyones phone and if it does'nt, well..... don't be hating cause u have a crappy phone
Great app
Ben using team viewer for some time on PC, and more recently on Android phone. The speed in connection is amazing on phones. In South Africa at present and the ability to login to my PC in UK is such a blessing. Thanks Team Viewer
Excelente! Súper útil! Pero no me funciona en ics Samsung galaxy S2. Da error en sd y si está instalada
This has just made my life so much easier. The ease of use and it takes seconds to learn i can access full computer functions from my galaxy tablet anywhere. Have only had one issue with page not updating to where i could see what was happening, but that is a connection traffic issue and not a program issue
Instant access to any computer from any were
What more can I say? Its one of the best apps I've had..
5 star from my side
Love this program, saved me hours upon hours!
No words for it just
I love teamviewer! Now i can check my pc at office everywhere!
This is the smoothest and easiest remote desktop out there! Good work TeamViewer! This is amazing!
In SGT 10.1, its a bliss to control PC in large 10.1 screen. When it comes to remote control the pc,  nothing beats Teamviewer. Must have app for Tablets.
this app is the best and FREE :)
Works like a dream ... Never expect this much from an application ... And itz freee what to say thousand thanks for developers ....
Brilliant app and it's freee great stuff
Works very good thanks to T.V team...©
I love this app
Excelente
This is what I've been looking for! Keep up the good work!
Works great! Highly useful. It would be nice if you would add the messaging feature found in the PC version. What would be even nicer is if the ability existed to connect to android devices!
IT WORKS WONDERFULL ! GREAT APP !!!
Free and works so well. Easy to setup.  An option to set a listening port for DirectIn connections  would be nice but still 5 stars.
Very nice
TeamViewer works amazingly well, and gets the color of the remote computer as close as possible. It possesses some lag time but it's expected when your dealing with cross platform and cross server machines. I may start suggesting it for client's I support who use other software for remote desktop on their mobile devices.
Works great, I was logged in to my home computer and work computer in moments. GREAT app!
When I am out on the road and can't take a lap top with me, it is wonderful to know that I can still take care of my customers.  I will be installing Team Viewer on my mom's computer so that when she calls with a problem, I can see it on my phone and talk her throught it.
Won't install on my motorola atrix. Flagship phone and can't use team viewer.
Won't install on my motorola atrix. Flagship phone and can't use team viewer.
Was looking for an android app like jumicontroller for the iphone and this is better than that solution, because no lags I am running windows 7 at 1920x1080 smooth picture. Streaming over wifi. Overall very satisfied will recomend to friends. Thanks For the GREAT app.
1st Class app.
I can't believe this is free!!! Thanks a lot guys!!! 4 starts for application + 1 star cause this is free, so 5*!!!
Just awesome, I'm waiting the time to use this apps B-)
Really helpful
Simply awesome
Wow this app is excellent!!  I've been wanting a remote desktop app just like this and its finally here!!
Really REALLY like this app! Is quick, clean and easy to use. It makes life so much easier! Very glad to have it and highly recommend it! Thank you for existing team viewer haha
Perfect. Ive been using Team Viewer for more then 3 years and this is my best work tool, everyday.
You guys should also add Pc to mob
Well designed and easy to use, I used term viewer for about 4 years in my PC, great to use it now on android. Please enable PC to access mobile as well. Thanks Dev
I'm taking a class that requires MatLab, so I have it installed on my LINUX box and on a Windows machine I leave in my room. For quick access, I can easily use my cell to manipulate the Windows program without getting out my laptop in the middle of class. Works intuitively. Only addition I would like is support for the Swype keyboard.
I'm taking a class that requires MatLab, so I have it installed on my LINUX box and on a Windows machine I leave in my room. For quick access, I can easily use my cell to manipulate the Windows program without getting out my laptop in the middle of class. Works intuitively. Only addition I would like is support for the Swype keyboard.
Thanks
Great one...try this
I live in china and need to maintain my father's pc back in the UK, this app works every time, even with poor chinese internet connections. I can even download files on his pc and transfer to my Asus Prime here in CN, A life saver as my Dad is in his 90s and not so computer literate.
App works really well. Not used everyday but for those support moments on the road it is really handy.
A nice app to perform small tasks like starting an. iso burn after starting a download then leaving for work.  CD is ready when I get home. File transfer from computer to android would show some class :)
Like it
Good application. Must have.
One of the most stable apps for android. Congratulations to the team, a fine piece of work.
For being a free app, its the only one I got to work on the first shot... no ifs, ands or buts about it
I love the team viewer application for my phone but it would be awesome if one was designed with the resolutions in mind for android tablets.  Keep up the great work!
Just amazing. No hassle no nothing, works right out of the box.
Excellent app!
gud
Works good......nice app
Works really well with my galaxy note.. tested few sessions and even experienced the app is awesome!
Had to take out SD card in order to install. Really fluid and brilliant! SGS2 (ICS).
Works perfectly!
I tried multiple RDP and other apps to access my home laptop, nothing was much feasible and some are connection problems. But...This one is amazing. Even without troubling my elders at home to do something they don't know am managing from my Samsung Galaxy instantly.  Best app I can say again because its free with meaningful features. Use it for fair use.
I can rem0te my pc ! S0o far n0 bugs
Love it... It is fantabulous!!!
works fine with Galaxy Nexus
Great app!
Very helping me..
Great mobile remote viewer!  Mobile app functions are for personal/private and commercial/business use or both. When installing on your pc you have 3 choices. Option 1- personal/private. Option 2- commercial/business. Option 3 - both. Do not think you can use this app for a business without paying for it. It does not work that way!
The best programn of this type, and its free 5 of 5 star!
I can remotely connect to any of my Computers from anywhere in the world even over a slow connection. I would recommend this app to anyone.
I can remotely connect to any of my Computers from anywhere in the world even over a slow connection. I would recommend this app to anyone.
Chok
A very good program! I love it. Screen might be small on some devices especially when the screen is small. Works fine on my Galaxy Note!
A very good program! I love it. Screen might be small on some devices especially when the screen is small. Works fine on my Galaxy Note!
Awesome app! Works perfect!
Best ever app.
I've tried lots, and this is the top one! Nice!
Mouse control feels backwards and needs file transfer mode.
Greaaaaaaat....! Totally !
Excellent
Incredible app.
This app works like a charm thx - sprint nexus s 4g
Love it youse it at work to youse pc at home with full web
the best app and my Favorite
Really tats the greatest remote comp apps in android .. Lots of people help by this app.  Thanks TEAM VIEWER ANDROID TEAM.
Work great. Simple to use on both phone and PC.
Great way to share desktop on the road.
We use extensively for IT support. Hands down best apparently on market!
Best app for screen sharing
TeamViewer is the best program and app that I've ever worked with ever since I've been working with computers. I've been able to help so many people that they even tell me that when they need to do a lot of updating their computers, it helps that I can do the work for them rather than having to drive with their machine to my house just to have it done. I do not charge them for doing the updates to their computers.  This program is also great for teaching someone who has limited computer knowledge to see how to do something on the computer.  I will continue to use this program. I would be willing to pay to have this program if they ever decide not to offer the program for free. and like Ryan said "Remember play fair and only use the free version for personal use."
And free
And free
Thanks.. try it!
Easy to use MINT
Nice app.......... Realy great for meeee......  Thanks team
This app has become an integral part of my work and personal computer usage.
Great yar....
Ha távoli asztalra van szükség, jobbat nem is talál az ember!
Does what it says on the tin and that too flawlessly.runs smooth on my galaxy s2.
As good as it gets
As good as it gets
BEST APP EVER!! & its free. This app is amazing for controlling your computer.
Never seems to connect to server after last update. Running on acer liquid metal  with android 2.3.6 Otherwise used to work perfectly.
Teamviewer is by far the best remote software I've ever used.  Easy and reliable
very good app....i love it
Runs so smooth u can run wow through your phone lol.
best ever.thank you
Saves me from talking my wife through painstaking processes.
Landscape for home screen already! Otherwise, works great.
This is one of those times when one gets everything one expects plus some. High performance, high function in a tight, to-the-point application package. Presentation and interface is miles beyond the remote access competition. Brilliant on an Apple-like, Jobsian scale.   The one thing that Teamviewer and all commercial products in this field lack is a licensing plan for the low-volume, one-person shop. Say 100 per year for, say, 30-60 sessions (or hours) per month.
Awesome app
Awsum app
App is amazing, couldn't ask for much more for free!
A++++++++++++++
I constantly use this and have for quite a while! Great program!
Team Viewer is the best program out there. You may think because its free it must be bad. Ya your wrong on that. I use it to help out family and friends all around the world. From the crouded public airport wifi this app is really one of a kind. Works great on Windows 7, Droid Charge, Galaxy Tablet 10.1 and so many more. I highly recommend this app/program for everyone and businesses. Remember play fair and only use the free version for personal use.
Excellent ,
Excellent ,
Free and have the PC client rocks too, so happy this finally came to Android (please keep it free, Thanks!!)
Simply the best for remote control access and one of the best apps! Great development and support teams!
This app is awesome
Does exactly what its supposed to do :)
Love this app.
This is a wonderful app to have, Helpful for doing something on your computer from a distance or even tricking your friends or family.
Fantastic App!!!...Much easier Life..Just Great.
Thanks.
Funciona de maravilla
Good
Good
Good
Awesome app!!!
One of my all time favorites
Astonishing!!!
Super fácil de usar, impresionante ver mi pc desde my android
Es increíble poder controlar mi pc remotamente
The closest it can get to controlling my desktop, though the color quality isn't great but responsiveness is quite good.
Just wish that the video and chat functions were free.
Now i can remotely shutdown my pc while im on bed after downloading stuff finish on my pc...save electricity n my energy from my bedroom to my workstation room
Excellent. I love it.
This app is Good. I just found another application in the market called "Touch my life" it works great and support more than 25 command can be executed remotely via sms. For eg  "callmeback" will call back immediately,"where  are you" will send GPS location. Sendphoto, sendcalllog, SendLiveVideo etc.  -Android app reviewer
This app is Good. I just found another application in the market called "Touch my life" it works great and support more than 25 command can be executed remotely via sms. For eg  "callmeback" will call back immediately,"where  are you" will send GPS location. Sendphoto, sendcalllog, SendLiveVideo etc.  -Android app reviewer
I can access my home pc from anywhere. Works good.  Samsung galaxy ace.
Amazing! I love how Teamviewer allows me to remote-control all my PCs right from my bed!  However, the mouse cursor does not show under Windows 8 Consumer Preview.
This app Is the best because I can take my computor ANYWHERE! on my smart phone.  :D
Works better than I thought it would. All others are too slow. Great job!
excellent n very very useful.
Use this all the time to troubleshoot my moms computer.
Unless you're a network specialist, all of the of the apps you will have a very difficult time to get working. You just the sign on on this app.
Just like the full desktop version, TeamViewer is fantastic. I use it to help my mom out who lives two states away from anywhere. I can use it at work where TeamViewer is blocked.
Great app, works great.
I am using this on my laptop from a long time.. extremly happy to see my laptop on my moto fire xt.
Best remote app for sure. Would be nice to have file transfer
Perfect
Really awesome
Easy to take remote vis ur mobile
This is the first review  I am  writing for any app!!! This deserved it. Very user friendly product. I wish  future version will include controlling android/ipad tablet with windows PC.
Awesome program, it does what it says very good. Quick, useful and not heavy!
Awesome program, it does what it says very good. Quick, useful and not heavy!
Love this app! Give it five stars since it now works on this phone!
great app.works great!
Very usefull and easy
Evo 4g & Toshiba Thrive works great.
I installed a few days ago and it didn't work so i tried it again today and now it works great. They must have fixed the bug that kept the galaxy note from working. Thanks.
I've set up most of my computers and my friends and family so I can help wherever I am. Pretty fast even on 3G. Would like to see move to SD soon.
Work great but abit delay when click on the program
Forget all other imitations.
Fast connection, even on 3g. Easy setup.
Never did I think controlling a full-sized computer from a phone would be this easy
Best app.i often use and it works perfectly.
Works great on motorola droid 4!
1 thing and 1 thing only, please stop with the pop - up on pc after session! Its right in the movie so i end up having to get Up anyway!
1 thing and 1 thing only, please stop with the pop - up on pc after session! Its right in the movie so i end up having to get Up anyway!
If you have a tablet this is a must have app!
Thanks for fixing the startup problem with the Note.  Works great.
Works extremely well! Kudos
Perfect
Excellent app, just like their desktop app which helped me so many times to help others...
Excellent app, just like their desktop app which helped me so many times to help others...
Awesome app. Try it and your parents will love u forever
Awesome app. Try it and your parents will love u forever
Use it to access computers on the go and counsel family tech support
Use it to access computers on the go and counsel family tech support
This is the best remote viewer I have used yet. It will be hard to beat the qualty of this app
Stock DROID X2
Stock DROID X2
Perfect performance
This app is a life saver! I love it!
Super app!!
Excellent
I thought this app wouldn't be good, or useless when I needed it. To everyone, this is an amazing app. Any flaws it has are not it's fault, and it works with 4G and internet, so if you have 4G you can use this almost anywhere.
Use this app a lot!
Superb app, truly brilliant
Great piece of software, absolutely great features and amazing usability. Would be great to have the opportunity to take the remote control of the phone and not just of pc's. Teamviewer team, make us dream!
Please add sound!
This is just what the Doctor ordered. Used it for a few months now and I love it.
Comparing to other remote control software, Teamviewer provides a smooth experience and it's simple and easy to use. Thanks Teamviewer so much!
This app is good. I like how you can really access your computer using teamviewer's program. SGS2
excellent app, make my life alot easier :-)
You have to have it
You have to have it
Super great app use it all the time!
Easy remote access and great implementation of controls
Now I always have access to my group of desktops at home, and it's free.
Now I always have access to my group of desktops at home, and it's free.
Great
Must Have if it wil be free a little.
Does as it says on the tin. Couldn't ask for a better app of this type.
Need more features
Love it.
Works great.
Been using this since alpha build. Nothing less than the best! Thanks TV team.
What a great, FREE (unless used for business) application!  Full-featured, fast, great UI... this is everything I need to control my computer from my Android.  GNex
Works well and is fast over 4g or on wifi.
Its working fine
I use this all the time to move files, send emails, check progress, and even play games. Teamviewer is the best remote access tool I have seen to date.
Phone version is a little weird but it works perfectly.
Phone version is a little weird but it works perfectly.
Great program !
It all ready support TV7 .. Gr8 app xD so usefull <3
Excellent
Maybe the most useful android app. Excellent.
Great
App works beautifully. The odd "Can't connect" error but not bad enough to drop a star.
Work perfect for me
Work perfect for me
Teamviewer is my number one choice for remote PC control!
I tried this from my Verizon Android phone to my home Linux box. Worked great! Now I can help friends even when I'm not home or at their house.
No further comment needed.
Team viewer is the best coach company ever absolutely love their software !
Why do so many apps request permissions they just do not need???!!! Hmmmmmmmmmmmm......
I have a rooted captivate. Logmein does not work on Miui but teamviewer does.
I have a rooted captivate. Logmein does not work on Miui but teamviewer does.
First run was smooth excellent app
It is always great on pc n now android!!! Good works!!!
Awesome program, does exactly what it says and then some.
I got like the cheapest android ever and it still works on this small phone. No restrictions, everything you can do on the actual pc you can do on this. It's appears laggy on the cpu but no lag on your phone or tablet. Easy to use and did I forget to mention that it's Free on the computer and the android market.
Amazing!
Thanks sooo much for the non commercial free use its what i have been wandering interwebs for ever thanks go free ware
I love this program. When I need to leave from home but still need stuff to do on thd computer, I can just hop on this program and not worry.  David
Incredibly great software! Have not had one problem yet. Works great!
EXCELLENT  SOFTWARE. Totally 5Star stuff.
EXCELLENT  SOFTWARE. Totally 5Star stuff.
Just a black screen.
Great App! Really useful, I just use for my own entertainment most of the time, but if u have a job involving lots of computers and u help people fix them, this app would be a necessity in my oppinion
Great App! Really useful, I just use for my own entertainment most of the time, but if u have a job involving lots of computers and u help people fix them, this app would be a necessity in my oppinion
Amazing and easy to use.
no more comments, i m speechless.... God Bless u.......
Working very good for me
This app is just great!
Works great on X10 loving it
awesome
Best remote app
Helped a lot of times and saved me time as well
I didn't want to install it because I was expecting a bad experience, but I gave it a try and it exceeded my expectations, really amazing :)
Amazing! I will be leaving to college soon and my parents are lost when it comes to computers. I can literally guide their each and every step whenever they need help even if I am across the country all from my phone! Thank you so much!!! I am beyond impressed and satisfied with the effectiveness of this app.
Amazing! I will be leaving to college soon and my parents are lost when it comes to computers. I can literally guide their each and every step whenever they need help even if I am across the country all from my phone! Thank you so much!!! I am beyond impressed and satisfied with the effectiveness of this app.
Best app I have ever used
It is finally working on the Galaxy Note
Works great
That was awesome very useful
I just love it
but screen movement is difficut
This is one of the easiest programs to setup and use.   Love it.
Its very awesome, I use it very frequent. It has made my work very simple. -Tejas.
I've used teamviewer on my iPhone, MacBook, PCs and now; my android!
Works great!
Very useful. Thanks
Best app yet! Very helpful and had a great time doing it to mates computers! AMAZING
User friendly, not too laggy, and best of all FREE!
The best, user friendly great features and free
plain and simple, you won't find anything like it, and frankly you won't need to. Teamviewer is easy to use, cleanly designed, attractive both in quality and price (it's free!) and to top all of that, if you have processor speed on your phone, you're set. download now. what're you still doing reading this.
Better than I expected
Better than I expected
I was using PC version and now using on touch pad its really good and more thing is its free for personal use.  Thanks team viewer.
This does everything I want just wanted remote for comp
It works excellently
Help!
now I can do my presentation  flawlessly :-)
This software is perfect!
One sexist app
just great!!!!
Excellent app works perfectly :)
brillant
I've alwys been a fan f dis app...nd nw i hv it on my ph...lovely!!!!
Works with my Ics. Can help my dad out anytime anywhere. Wicked
Free remote connection app? Totally awesome! It works well, but the mouse may take some time getting use to. The quality and cost push this to a 5 star.
These guys are offering an excellent service for free! There's nothing more I could want, works perfectly annd I'm probably going to buy the full version only to support the team. Thx!
Good solid app. Sometimes has a few connection issues, and if you restart your pc/Mac, the password required changes which is a bit of a nag.
Useful application h...
Lets me help my dad, even when i'm fishing.
This will come in handy while I'm away in Cali from family and my monster desktop. I'll be using my new labtop to access family pc and mines.
I got the non commercial use and it is simply wonderful. Don't need ro buy logmein now. It does everything it says and then some. There is NOT a better remote program on the market. Put it on a Galaxy Tab 10.1 and it went straight to my home laptop.
A life saver!
Well put together and very handy.
Works well...
Awesome, love it. Running swtor companions while at work. priceless
Awesome app for small business. Too good.
Really slow
super duper cool
Thanks
Great app, using almost every day.
Must have
Awesome.
Best remote PC app I have ever used.
Very nice app.
Very nice app.
One of the best apps that I regularly use
Flawlessly connects me to my Ubuntu 11.10 desktop
This app rocks! I can remotely control any of my computers flawlessly.
Works like a charm. Fixed my sister's laptop using this. Awesome.
Works like a charm. Fixed my sister's laptop using this. Awesome.
Got to you phone settings then language and keyboard. It shows English but if you select it, it shows German. Change it to English and then you will have your Teamviewer back!
If you have freezing or lost connection problems, disable UTP from options. It just works.
Beautifull APP
Saweeeet!
Love this app.Works on my evo4g.  Connects to my Win7 home computer easily. Excellent technical support.
Great
Wow, I'm really impressed with this app's performance. Even on 3G, didn't have any problems connecting to my home PC. SGS2 Epic 4G Touch on Sprint
This is a totally awesome app. I can't believe how easy it was to connect to my home computer
The best
Really i cant think that a android phone can control a  pc anywhere in the world....its really amazing awesome....
does all what i expect great app.
Awesome...:-D
Awesome...:-D
Awesome...:-D
The best
Amazing sooooo impressed a++++++
Everything works great. Android 2.3 Win 7
Much better then any other remote control app. No problems ever, been using team viewer for almost a year for remote controlling my computers.
Much better then any other remote control app. No problems ever, been using team viewer for almost a year for remote controlling my computers.
It's like voodoo watching you cursor move about your screen and making all the right moves.
It's like voodoo watching you cursor move about your screen and making all the right moves.
Best software thank so much.
Great program. Easy and simple. There's even support for multiple monitors.
...
Absolutely nothing wrong with it. Everything on it works perfectly.
Great
WOW so easy great app
Great
Love the app 1 glich when useing 2moneters you can onley see the maine monetr can not get to aney program that lunches on the second screen
Wow....just...wow....and it's all free too? It's amazing. Let's me access my laptop from wherever and also my computer across the Atlantic!!
Better than expected. Rooted EVO 4g running deck rom
I loved this app on my Motorola Atrix, but unfortunately, I only see a black screen on my Galaxy Note (AT&T version). I tried reinstalling it and rebooting my device but it seems to not work- perhaps because of the high screen resolution or some other reason. Hopefully this bug will be fixed soon, as this app is excellent, when it works.  Update: after charging my device to full battery when it was powered off, the app now works!
This app work amazing! It's fast, easy to use and free. Great job!!!
This is so totally amazing. The possibilities! Would give 6 stars if possible. Can only pray that this is safe, though.
Thanks, it is very usefull
Work nicely 5 star :)
Great App no questions asked.. Thanks for the free version for personal use.. Hope u sell lots of commercial licenses. Would request the file transfer option between android devices and pc. Thanks Again
Almost too good to be true. Using Droid Bionic to access my PC could not be easier. I love the mouse method. I have tried logmein and I think that this is a big improvement. If I simply need a file, then ZumoCast is the way to go. If I need to pull up my PC remotely from my phone, (which I often do) this is the way.
Version 7. 5 Stars! Love it
Works great on galaxy note.
Nice to have on the go.
My 1st time using it
Greatest remote control,believe me my friends
I need an update which supports video chat on phone to pc
great and useful app :D btw what is the upper key next to ctrl and alt please?
Technical Engineer/Download and install. That's all you'll have to do. Somebody give the Devs a raise!
This app is awesome. Now my computer is alwaya at my fingertips through my phone. and now tech support for my parenta doesnt have to be a nightmare for me sonce I can just... Control the computer!
App. Little lag and great controls.
Controlling your PCs with your phone or tablet is a breeze with this app. Works great.
Easy to set up and use, and free! :D
Brilliant
The best as it is :)
Works like a charm. Thanks!
Great job works excellent
Good
This rocks works great
Very good
Super aplikacija, super i radi
Very well executed
So nice app
Works great on my bionic and my g/f's htc thunderbolt... the only problem I'm having is the icon goes to a blue gear instead of the normal one when I restart my bionic.
I tried many other apps for controlling my pc, but this one is definitly the best. Easy to install and to change the settings. Love it!
Love it....but if only admin can add one more function...ENTER function...i'll love it more...
Love this app,works rely well with no probs,its a must have app
Fantastic app for remote support works flawlessly.
I have a galaxy mini and this app run perfect. Am un galaxy mini şi rulează perfect.
Works like a charm and totally free! DROID X
Getting black screen on brand new att Note.
Man this apps rocks.. awesome
Works flawlessly on le-pan 1 partnered with win 7 64-bit :) Thank you ^^
Great work
I can remote controll my wife ;DDDD Great app !!!
Controlling my server from my phone isn't just the coolest thing ever It's so easy with this app, big Ty to the devs for making it free too !
Works great .. I've tested it on xp, 7, ubuntu, backtrack, slax and so... works everywhere. Thanks dev
excellent
Great program. Never let's you down.
Best remote app and free!!!
Better than RDP service. Please consider remote control android devices. I been used this kind of feature since your Windows mobile version.
Excellent apps. =)
The Best!
Excellent software, works very nice and it is free. Great job, it's flipping awesome.
It doesn't work with wifi on my LG P990! This sucks!!!
It doesn't work with wifi on my LG P990! This sucks!!!
Grt app, but please add ability to connect within local network and file transfer like in the ios app
Thank you so much!
I love it
I've been trying some different apps for remote access to my pc. Team viewer is the best and the android app is incredible!
Try this app! You won't be disappointed.
This app is completely amazing. Thank you!!!
Really awesome app, does exactly what you'd want it to
LG Marquee
Just get it and try for yourself.this doesn't need to be sold.product sells itself.
Works great! Awesome! EVO 4G
allows me to comtrol my pc from anywhere :D
Teamviewer I love you. You make life so convenient sometimes
I've been using Team Viewer on my desktop and laptops for years and just now saw there is an app and I love it more now!
I've been using Team Viewer on my desktop and laptops for years and just now saw there is an app and I love it more now!
Better than what you see them do in the movies.
awesome
Simply best....:)
Best app
Simply awesome app. Works great.
This app is awesome. Fact. I can stay intouch with my home pc from wherever I am in the world. Brilliant!
A friend just introduced me to teamviewer. This app rocks!! Thanks!!
Excellent!
Android updates lag weeks behind desktop updates, leaving me unable to connect. Would be 5 stars if they could just keep this straight.  I feel like I'm being punished for keeping software up to date.
I like the program but seems to not work on lg optimus x2
Great app!
Among other benefits ... I no longer need to get out of bed to turn my computer off when it is updating etc late at night. Nice.
Powerful tool made easy to use. Only negative is that the free sessions time out too soon... but that's what ya gotta pay for right?!
AWESOME !!!
Best remote access for anywhere
It's pretty snappy, the controls are extremely responsive, and you get more than what you would normally expect from a free app.
Every one should get this app its so good and u get no errors so easy to use and works  :)
So far the app works very goos with no security problems. I will add another review in a week or so.
The only issue is the annoying thanks for playing fair dialogue.
This is a brilliant app that allows you to maxamize your portability via an intuitive and aesthetically pleasing interface. Thank you!
Use it all the time for business and home. Take it from an IT veteran, this app kicks butt!
This is a best product for controling my and other pc. Very flexible and easy to use!
Go for it ...realy v.gud apps
The greatest app for remote access!
Excellent remote i love it.
Very good
I love this app! It's amazing. So simple and so clean and good looking. I absolutely love it. Will be keeping this one for a long time.
do more than what it says.. but not five stars... should be ten stars...
Awesome.....
Amazing
I have this app on my phone, tablet, laptop and of course, the desktop which is the main work machine.. I have tried every other program out there and they all seem to die or malfunction at some point. This is the only app that works PERFECTLY every time.
Give 5+., if it provides a two way navigation., I think currently it allows phone to computer only not in a opposite case.. But a must have one app.!
Give 5+., if it provides a two way navigation., I think currently it allows phone to computer only not in a opposite case.. But a must have one app.!
This app is a must. It does everything you could need it to do.
Simply gr 8 app
Great tool to quickly access your home PC. Easy to use and has not failed a single time. To the people complaning that it does not stream audio and is slow with video, you need to go an get VLC direct. You can stream everything off your PC using that app. Works with host and client. Would recomend to anyone.
Must hv
I can control my home PC from anywhere in the state or world really! Have been able to access urgent needed documents from my desktop and email them to my phone. Truley the best app l could ever have. HTC Desire HD.
Very good program and I use it on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 (Wi-Fi). Never crashed once.
Cool
Awesome app!!!!
Awesome app!!!!
My "Mac" friend(everybody has one) is always linking his iPhone and computer and TV. So now I can do the same thing! Love it! Have a hard time logging in but its worth it. -DROID X2
What i need
A must have for the android! So simple to use. Don't forget to validate your email address!
After getting frustrated at LMI for not connecting to all the hosts on my network (boy, do I regret THAT purchase), I decided to give the FREE TeamViewer a shot. So far, it's worked amazingly well! It connected right away to the host that LMI Ignition continually failed at. Even the UI has more features (with remarkably little clutter). My only major regret is not trying out this app before purchasing LMI. Excellent work TeamViewer developers.
want a button that is also for drag and drop, like the one of right click. good app, recomend it!
SuperDuper remote control app, just like the Windows Desktop version, which is by far the best prog out there !!!
Great App! You just must have it. Works perfect - HTC Desire!
I've used teamviewer for quite a while, and now it's even better now that it's for mobiles. Sometimes it works better than on my computer.
It worked, and very ninor problems
This app has to be one of the best free apps out there. I have used this app to help out many friends and family who have had pc problems form the comfort of my home. That fact that you can use it anywhere in the world and its free!! has to be its USP!!! I will recommend this app to all I know. Thanks TeamViewer!!!!!!!!
Great app for all computer workers!!
Love it.
Excellent app! Easy install on Android and home PC.
All you need and its free! Could have been good to find a way to download files from the remote computer to mobile phone...
All you need and its free! Could have been good to find a way to download files from the remote computer to mobile phone...
All you need and its free! Could have been good to find a way to download files from the remote computer to mobile phone...
The client video is super slow to update, even over LAN. I'll click something, it works on the computer, fifteen seconds later I FINALLY see it on the phone. And no audio?
Awesome
This is excellent - the best one I've tried on Android. TeamViewer have got it right.
Simple to understnd n use! Make as stock app in my fon. Good stuff. SGace/SGS+
Amazing user experience, works out of the box ;) Thanks!
Works very good. Simple and convinient software. If only framerate was higher...
Awesome
works really gr8
Samsung
Samsung
Its a great apps and u dont have to buy it, its free. I can now remotely control my desktop at home to anywhere in the world.
Simply the best remote desktop App out there and its free!! One idea I had was I can't long press buttons for games like WOW i would pay for a media oriented version where it is gaming and sound friendly Teamviewer is amazing!
This app was so easy to set up & use. I had complete access to my pc within minutes. Luv it
I've always been a fan of Teamviewer but now that I have the app...I'm in loooove
I can keep an eye on things when Im not home. Especially if I dont want my pesky little brother on it.
I can keep an eye on things when Im not home. Especially if I dont want my pesky little brother on it.
This app is so freaking cool!
Getty team viewer keep up the good work don't screw it up, saved my time money and helped a lot of friends and family this is the best app I HAVE EVER OWNED AND ESPECIALLY THAT IT IS FREE THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Fantastic Remote Access to All of Your Personal or Business Computers.	Simple, straightforward, and loaded with all the goods to remotely access any computer you have access to. Log into your home pc from your portable device just the same as if you were sitting there with the keyboard in hand!
Its great but why does it keep uninstalling
Teamviewer has become a fantastic remote desktop utility and since it's launch has proven over and over again that it's supported by a world class dedicated team of professionals. I wouldn't have a moments hesitation in recommending any tool that Teamviewer releases, IT'S FREE TOO!
.
I've found this app works wonderfully to allow me to dial in and remotely access my home PC. It can be laggy over cell data networks, but that's not the fault of the program. My only issue is that it bounces thru a server before hitting the PC, but for the low low price of free that's a minor complaint.
Works great on galaxy s 2! its faster then paid app. Best of the best!
I have used this app to view my cameras thru one of my PCs for over a year now and this is much more reliable than the camera software for remote view
I have used this app to view my cameras thru one of my PCs for over a year now and this is much more reliable than the camera software for remote view
This app exceeded expectations. Controls are easy, even over 3G there's only about a 0.5-1 second lag between scrolling and the page refreshing (that could also be my Nexus S's fault), doesn't use excessive data... really given the limitations of hardware I don't know how it could be better.
It is absolutely amazing. Works like a charm. Brilliant!
I can do all my stuff and help family when needed! FREE, awesome!
Killer app
I love this app. Use it all the time. Free for personal use. Cant beat that!
I love this app. Use it all the time. Free for personal use. Cant beat that!
Ready fast!!!
Egyszerűen király! Defy
Just what I needed! Thanx teamviewer team!
It is simple and working.
Great app!!!!! Works perfect on Neo V
what more could you ask for it's free and it works. Plus it's really easy to use.
Very gud app. Works great. Luv this app. Thanx
The best and fastest I've seen.  I use 3g and its bring up programs that I click on
Works perfect, very quick remote access to my home computer from work or where ever. Running on ASUS Transformer Prime 4.0.3
It is work very nice. I recommend to every one download it & control your pc anywhere. Thanks to developer.  If  add the audio option it is more likeable. Plz improve the mouse option.
Useful
Works perfect on my Droid Razor!
Easy install on galaxy s2. Does everything it should... perfectly. Highly recommended.  5*
Thank you!  Works better than Doorstop.
its the best especally when u need help
Very glitchyy...mouse barely moves on PC, freezes up all the time, not worth my time....dueces  Droid Charge running *TweakStock*PBJ OC Kernal*
Incredible app - I can't believe how smoothly it runs!
really great app, the remote control experience is smooth.. using Samsung galaxy
Free plus fast.  Only thing is could wish for is the resize to window function of the desktop.
Its Amazing App, i love it
Greap keep me helping to conect my laptop when im out of home
Greap keep me helping to conect my laptop when im out of home
Excellent app... Works flawlessly on galaxy s2
its a best application, i can access my computer when i am out as remote.......
:) Super :)
Get it! Works just a it should. Worked well in the beginning. Had some connection problems. It could just be my phone or comp tho. But its worth it.
Get it! Works just a it should. Worked well in the beginning. Had some connection problems. It could just be my phone or comp tho. But its worth it.
excellent app
I don't think I have ever taken the time to write an app review but this little gem deserves some attention.  I had been using this to help family members out with computer problems and got to thinking how crazy would it be if there was an android app!!! So after a quick google I was shocked to see an app already on the market, I was even more shocked to see the dang thing works perfectly!!!!!!
The definition of perfect!! Using this for free feels like stealing! Huge kudos to the developers!
The definition of perfect!! Using this for free feels like stealing! Huge kudos to the developers!
Love this app! so easy to use
Great on nook tablet
This is the best remote app i ever use.
Awesome job! When 7 hit my machines I freaked but I've had mobile since before market! And now psss. Hands down the best
Works perfectly fine.
Working on a remote comp has never been easier
Awesome. Now I don't have to get out of bed to shut the computer down.
Just the app i have been looking for. Though i wish there was an option so you could move the mouse cursor independently without it scrolling the screen. MyTouch 4G.
Just the app i have been looking for. Though i wish there was an option so you could move the mouse cursor independently without it scrolling the screen. MyTouch 4G.
Motorola Electrify
Amazing app. It just works. Many options for optimal security aswell. At first, I couldn't believe it's actually also completely free for private use.
and most important is; ITS FREE!! thank you so much..
and most important is; ITS FREE!! thank you so much..
This app is amazing! I use it to manage all of the computers on my home network and it performs flawlessly! Thanks teamviewer!
Great and free but man it really, really, really heats up my SGS2 when I'm using it. Also it really really drains battery so quickly. There are a lot of other better Desktop Connection apps out there.
Great app.
Verry good app!!! I love it
Plain and simply awesome! Zero issues with setup, works flawlessly, does what it promises!
Great remote desktop on the market and its free for personal use!!!!!!	Works really well. Highly recommend it. It enables PC keyboard features, scrolling, and has additional features to enable better connection / response
Nice job, easy set up, better than any similar apps
Outstanding app the best one perfect work .
Outstanding app the best one perfect work .
Wow, this software is so amazing, thank you so much teamviewer guys..
Wow, this software is so amazing, thank you so much teamviewer guys..
Wow, this software is so amazing, thank you so much teamviewer guys..
Wow, this software is so amazing, thank you so much teamviewer guys..
Nice aplication. Need try it.
Does what it says it does and it is Free!!! Awesome app.
This is easily hands down the best remote desktop application!
Worked great on my Incredible.  does not work on my Galaxy Nexus.
Worked great on my Incredible.  does not work on my Galaxy Nexus.
Great app, free, and lets me access my computer whenever i  need to.
Connects to my house computer/laptops  effortlessly. If id have to pick one app and one only to have on my droid, this would be it.
works better than expected! make sure to use this over wifi though?
5 stars
5 stars
Easily beats other Apps,  hands down!
Works well between the Dell Streak and Linux.
Perfectly.
One of the top best out there.
Very impressed
Just fantastic application.  Amazing result I got, I have not used this much means not given much time to it. but accessed my Linux server from phone and it worked perfectly.
Just fantastic application.  Amazing result I got, I have not used this much means not given much time to it. but accessed my Linux server from phone and it worked perfectly.
I can even wake up my computer! Very useful thanks
Good aps grate
Works unbelievably well!!!  Fantastic!!!
So easy to set up. User friendly. Very cool.
Works perfectly with loads of features
Works perfectly with loads of features
Really useful. I can use my PCs on the go. Best app I've seen
But also experienced complicts between version 6 and 7.
I use TeamViewer for both Android-to-PC and PC-to-PC connections, and it works flawlessly every time.  Simple to use with great functionality, and it's FREE.  Doesn't get any better than that!
simply awesome :)
Am control my ofic pc in my hom easily
Love this app! Streaming through my laptop connected to my TV across the room is controlled by my DROID Bionic. Great app.
...there IS an issue, you cannot wake up your machine from sleep. I do like this but the usefullnes is becoming limited.
Just had a friend demo this to me. Great idea.
But some problem in v7
This is the best app ever used for remoting
I cant beleive how good this is. Up and running in minutes, no fuss, but pc on your phone!!
Without a doubt, this app is my number 1 so far, it smash any other one and is free.  +1
Without a doubt, this app is my number 1 so far, it smash any other one and is free.  +1
A very useful app that is easy to use and free. One of the best remote desktop app used thus far.
Great app, works well, but there is no file transfer!!!!!!! I don't understand why since the iPhones have it. I am disappointed..
Amazing! My dad is old and is not good with computers. Whenever he needs help,   I just use this app, and now I dont have to drive 3 hrs home to help.
Perfect. Very easy to set up, does what it claims, and it's free. I will probably always have this app on my computers and phones
With a little practice it s pretty good.
Let's me keep up with my servers at work and do backups remotely.  I love it.
Outstanding... Works flawlessly from htc inspire to hp touch smart running windows 7... Going to network my entire home with this Keep it up!
Just wonderful. It is absolutely helpful. Nothing to compare. Thanks. As smooth to operate on smartphone as on PC.
Just wonderful. It is absolutely helpful. Nothing to compare. Thanks. As smooth to operate on smartphone as on PC.
This app is awesome. But how do you stream the music onto your phone or you cant do that?
Super cool. Hard to believe it's for free. feel like giving more than 5 stars. Quick to install n connect. Thanks dev!
Great app. this app is a great help. Thanks a lot...
Odlicna aplikacija, koristim je na tabletu huawei s7 slim i extra radi. Jedna od boljih na marketu
Great on PC / AMAZING on ANDROID!
Great on PC / AMAZING on ANDROID!
Does what it says no muss no fuss. I have 4 Computers between my wife's my daughters so of course I have to be the IT guy. Its nice to be able to remote in from my Droid and fix problems or answer questions!  Tried everything to break this app but its to simple to break, outstanding. If you have multiple computers or family buggin you for help THIS IS THE TOOL TO USE HANDS DOWN.
awesome...I use to see my house web cam from my work lap top.while I'm out I use my evo to see whats going on at home.I have full use of the computer
This is so cool! This gives me a workaround for the few things I couldn't already do on my Android. It works really well!
This is so cool! This gives me a workaround for the few things I couldn't already do on my Android. It works really well!
Rated 5 stars not because it works so well (which it does!) but because you can connect a computer to itself and create an infinity-window. The Android app is also brilliant and works smoothly!
Highly recommended.
Awesome apps ever... I can access my PC on ma ovule anywhere any time... It's save my time a lot...:):):)
Awesome apps ever... I can access my PC on ma ovule anywhere any time... It's save my time a lot...:):):)
For a Free App... This is fantastic, I use this daily on my laptop to access my home computers. Let's me check on what my daughter is doing on my main computer at home...
Love using this app! Not only can access my whole computer from my tablet, but I can browse the web and move files around. Great connect and simple app. Only downside is that right clicking is too hard on the tablet. Other than that, fantastic! Toshiba Thrive
Love using this app! Not only can access my whole computer from my tablet, but I can browse the web and move files around. Great connect and simple app. Only downside is that right clicking is too hard on the tablet. Other than that, fantastic! Toshiba Thrive
Absolutely beautiful.
This is my one of the favourite apps. Easy to install, use, control etc.
This is amazing how well the computer is transfered over to the droid platform
The only thing is, it's one way, I can login to my desktop from my tablet but can't login to my tablet from my desktop ...
best one
A bit tricky using my 22" monitor remotely via my Samsung Galaxy 5, but works flawlessly.
The Best remote app available.  Been using this for years now, and has never let me down.
Great app. Add easier control for windows media center and it'd be even better
Team viewer is the easiest and best way to go.  Considerably more user friendly than most vnc methods. Free, too!
Would rate 100 stars if I could. My only beef is that when both devices are on the same network the display has lots of interference. But it works just as well on 3g or 4g.
Switching off udp fixed the drop issues.  The app is great and super simple to use !
Works perfectly
Super
Works better than I expected. awesome forbejng free.
Enough said
It's absolutely cool.
It's absolutely cool.
Browse your computer via mobile.....so coooooollll A must have app!
A must have app!! To support ur family with desktop usage. Works great on samsung galaxy Ace. Airtel 2G connection.   Incredible!!!
App with the best conveniences. The layout on the phone screen, as in the mouse, keyboard and all is perfect. You're missing hell a lot if you don't have this app! Big thanks to the developers.
Wow¡ I can even block my mother's incessant clicking while I'm fixing her comp... It's amazing!
Very usefull
Keep it up guys and gals.
Booya!
Just amazing.. Try it.
A very good app for remote control.
Excellent but slow a bit. Not sensitive enough
I was waiting for it!
Works great on my Novo advanced 7. Quality app.
Very useful app
Very useful app
Amazing app !! Team Viewer's PC version has been my favorite since ages. The quality is maintained in the Android version. Perfect App. A must have !!
Love this app !
Saved me many times when I needed something that I forgot on my desktop...
Work Great on SE Live Walkman very easy to setup and connect for remoted pc, but mouse control so laggy maybe because internet connection?
Awesome and easy to use
Im loving this app!
Best app ever. Can take care and controll all families pc from my phone :-)
awsome
Just WOW
Kinda don't like the cursor but hey it works
Works really well, just wish they would add a customize option for quality -- I really enjoy the bandwidth saved by greyscale mode on the windows version of the application would like to see it added to the mobile.
Im 200 km from apartment, Ive strarted important process. It changed password automaticly and I cant do anything now for few days...It also worked bad
Merry Xmas!..
Thanks for offering such an awesome product! It's come in handy so many times!
Nice app i was able to support IT for 2 hrs while talking to my phone.
best app in gender you can possible get
I reinstalled this just so I could rate it and warn you all. Will promtly be uninstalling again after. I'm on HTC vivid droid 2.3.4 and Mac pro osx 10.6.8 and this app is awful. Took forever to connect and set up, it gathers your personal information, its slow, no audio support, the phone disconnects in the middle of the session even though you see your computer, you can't click on anything anymore. And it seems like it ends the session after a certain amount of time asking for money. 5 stars rated tooearly
Great app!
I have used this on several occasions over the past months and it has always worked flawlessly.
Much better than Wyse Pocketcloud, which is painfully slow. Also so many more features! I love blocking input from computer so I don't have to worry.
Best app I've ever had. Works great on my new samsung galaxy nexus 4 g l t e. Can watch the kids at anytime anyplace. Would recommend to everyone.
Works perfectly on Galaxy Note!!
Just brilliant
+   Let's me play games I can't play on a phone  -bad graphics and slow
Wow This is really good. The setup was less then a minute and after that no more hustle. It just works. Best app I got on my phone so far.
Amazing honestly  ... Best use when laptop plugged into TV and me sitting in COACH got a bone on when it worked
This app makes it easy to see what my 10 yr old is doing online when I am not around. I have complete control at any moment. This is  more then a app its peace of mind.  And when I teach photo editing or explain something to a friend I don't have to be locked to my desktop. I can't wait to get a tablet now just because of this app.
This app makes it easy to see what my 10 yr old is doing online when I am not around. I have complete control at any moment. This is  more then a app its peace of mind.  And when I teach photo editing or explain something to a friend I don't have to be locked to my desktop. I can't wait to get a tablet now just because of this app.
thnx team viewer 4 making android more useful.
But can it be secure?? It's unnervingly effective!
But can it be secure?? It's unnervingly effective!
Works great on my sg+
Ok, I installed it and run a test connection,It was excellent,but is there any way for when I connect to computer it does give a notification in the computer?Needed for spy features on kidz    :-P
You guys are genius. This is the ultimate connection away from home. This thing rocks on a 4g connection
Use it to spy on my self lol.
I've used it on my PC before, for quite some time, never had any issues. Using it on my mobile now and still not having issues. Same great quality as ever, I really don't get the complainers. Probably just too lazy to find out what's gone wrong on their side.
... I love it <3 :-)
Very nice
It is free, no short session issues for me. Works great over wifi. Wish you could login and access a list of your pc's rather than remember user codes
wow its really great. But how to connect from pc to cell phone?
Love this app
Baie Goed gedoen!
Evo 4g. This is an unbelievably great app, & free too. Makes u love the TeamViewer corp. Very stable. Used it a long time now. Excellence for sure.
Just this app has made purchase of both Galaxy Tab 10" and Note worthwhile!! :))))))
V good
Windows screen does not fit completely on mobile screen but still the most useful app
Great!!!
This App is awesome.  Makes LogMeIn look like a heap of garbage.
This App is awesome.  Makes LogMeIn look like a heap of garbage.
I love the ui, use this all the time for remote access of my desktop often.
Професійний та надійний софт. Один з кращих в цій категорії.
Great, free and multiplatform
Great, free and multiplatform
Great, free and multiplatform
I like it
Lots of Remote Desktop apps, but, only one Ive found that lets you see the screen, as if, you're actually sitting in front of the monitor.  Great Job!
Really awesome, your desktop in your hand.. Its just amazing. Imagine having everything in your hand all the time? Well, this app gives you that
Best app ever
When I remotely close a window on my win7 pc, the app leaves a graphical ghost of the window, which makes this app completely useless to me.
What a good app - Just what I wanted and free for personal use.
Have used the PC version for years. Really has helped me support friends and family PC issues remotely. Now via smartphone. Awesome!
Just works wonderful.
Use it across multiple platforms.
although I occasionally have to log in twice for it to work correctly, this app is amazingly useful
I can help my friends outside of us, spain,argentina,mexico, colombia,and many more ....and for free!!!.....just awesome.....
I can help my friends outside of us, spain,argentina,mexico, colombia,and many more ....and for free!!!.....just awesome.....
Have this on my Sensation XE and my Xoom. Very useful.
Works perfect and its FREE!!
Finnally a Remote Client App thet Works! And free! Can't beat that
Better than the competition , and they make you pay 15-30$. What a joke their app crashes too, team viewer all the way.
Better than the competition , and they make you pay 15-30$. What a joke their app crashes too, team viewer all the way.
Great apps for work
Super, bettet than the pc version.
Great Design
This is so nice. I'm always on the go and need to do stuff on home computer.  Thank you.
This is so nice. I'm always on the go and need to do stuff on home computer.  Thank you.
Thanks.
4 stars due to no file transfer. 1 star due to the collection of personally identifiable ino being collected.
4 stars due to no file transfer. 1 star due to the collection of personally identifiable ino being collected.
Read their EULA; they collect personally identifiable info off your computer.
I love it!
Cool. Love this app
I've look many places for remote access and this is the place that was simple and legit and the only one that work.
Amazing app!
Awesome app One of the best apps to remotely take over a computer. Very easy to use
Unbelievably good
very very nice
Works like it should and for free as well, best free remote desktop app for sure
Works great, always there when needed.
Great app
Great app
Awesome.
Exactly what you can expect from Teamviewer
This is a beautifully designed app, the only thing that does not work is sound. But the fact it works well with multiple screens is perfect.
Excellent
Its a very handy app
I found this app to be one of the best on the market so far.  It does was it says it can do.  And I found it easy to use. Which is always a bonus.
Does exactly what I want
This is one of the super apps in android market. Very useful and works with perfection.
This is one of the super apps in android market. Very useful and works with perfection.
Best app for remote support hands down.
Great app, could do with an auto hide toolbar and landscape menu,  scrolling seems hit and miss, but these are minor quibbles.
Works well..
The tablet connected with the PC but no remote control was possible.  The task bar, Start button, etc. on the PC were not visible.  I tried tapping on one program on the desktop that was fully visible and TeamViewer opened the Recycle Bin, which was nowhere near the icon that I tapped.  Could neither move the Recycle Bin window or close it.  Disconnected and retried several times with the same result -- no remote control and opening of the Recycle Bin.
The tablet connected with the PC but no remote control was possible.  The task bar, Start button, etc. on the PC were not visible.  I tried tapping on one program on the desktop that was fully visible and TeamViewer opened the Recycle Bin, which was nowhere near the icon that I tapped.  Could neither move the Recycle Bin window or close it.  Disconnected and retried several times with the same result -- no remote control and opening of the Recycle Bin.
Have some issues where pc isn't responding on occasion
Excellent 5 stars for you.
Works great. Does what it is intended to do. I have fixed my daughters pc while she is st school more than one.
Great tool.
Great tool.
Great tool.
Can you please change the main interface to work in landscape mode in order to look and run nice on tablets. I have a asus eeepad transformer and it works great on it but the main interface does not work in landscape.  Great work
Works good.If you just want to stay in bed and change a song or play next episode from a serial it's great.You can even chat on messenger :)
Easy to use, and the system on the other end does not need to install the desktop program, there is an option to "run without install". Fantastic! I have used it, and it works as described.
Easy to use, and the system on the other end does not need to install the desktop program, there is an option to "run without install". Fantastic! I have used it, and it works as described.
Works well on my other Android devices, but doesn't work on my Galaxy Nexus running ICS. Can you please update it so that it works?  Thx
... That's all I can say about it... Only one feather required ie should be able to copy files both ways ... Then it is a 10 star app...
only I can say wow !
... would be nice to log in my account to see my connected partner computers rather then having to find the ID which took me hours to find my computer
Very soft and fast app than vnc,logme in and rest all available in market.i'm loving it
One of the Top app's on the market
One of the Top app's on the market
No more comments.
Wonderful app.
Paid $25 for other remote desktop apps and this one is by far is way better. Faster, smoother and free. Thank you!!!
I love this app it works so sweet.
I use this for IT support in my company...........this i a must app
Very helpful
Very helpful
Have been using on my home network for ages. But just got the mobile version for my asus transformer. Works a treat
This is the most useful app ever. My parents and sister need help at times w/computer, I can use this to solve issues easily! Thanks.
I'd be willing to bet there are paid apps that don't work as well as this. I only recently started using the desktop version and have been very pleased with it. I have a small 3.7 inch Droid Incredible so I didn't try the mobile app at first. On the small screen it is a bit cumbersome, but it works, and works great!
Using the app to help all relatives and friend on PC. And now staight from Galaxy S2.
DROID X2 running eclipse 1.3
From anywere. Just love it. Clean and smart development.
Very good exactly as pc version !!!!!
Doesn't need RDP, is easy to install, works well, and it's free! What more could you want?!?
Doesn't need RDP, is easy to install, works well, and it's free! What more could you want?!?
Doesn't need RDP, is easy to install, works well, and it's free! What more could you want?!?
Saved me lots of trips back to work... works GREAT
Use it everyday.. very convenience as I have many machines at different places..
Amzing application, i love it!
Really great app, was using vnc but this is far more convenient
WTF? New version is never backward compatible with v5 or v6 older protocols. I would never use this proprietary junk if not because of my job.
Works awesome.
Superb app must. Use
I can set an account on the computer, and also put the account on my samsung epic, then I can control it anytime anywhere! Friends are jealous :3
Absolute amazing quality of the app. I use it nearly ever day. Big thumbs up!!
even after last update some ppls were complaining i found no bugs MOTO DEFY
I have never given a 5 star rating, but this is a great app! My only wish is that I could watch my downloaded movies better. Easy to use.
I love TeamViewer for Windows. I get a lot of use out of it because it just works and works well. However, the TeamViewer app for Android leaves much to be desired. Login screen does not rotate, hardware keyboard support is total crap, and many features from the Windows client are missing in this version. Reminds me of that outdated piece of crap wine-running client for Linux they have. If they put as much effort into this app as they did into the Windows client, then this would easily be a 5 star app.
Now i don't ever have to leave home without it!
It WORKS and is free.. great for price so for people whining about speed or lag.. why don't you stop being cheapskates if you demand perfection?
It WORKS and is free.. great for price so for people whining about speed or lag.. why don't you stop being cheapskates if you demand perfection?
Remote application using for years now. No better for cross platform.
I can remote to my home pc from my phone. That's very cool. Love this app.
Team Viewer its obviously brilliant on the desktop. This app really separates it from the competition.
Team Viewer its obviously brilliant on the desktop. This app really separates it from the competition.
Team Viewer its obviously brilliant on the desktop. This app really separates it from the competition.
I've used several different remote software applications in the past and teamviewer is by far the best. Thanks!
I've used several different remote software applications in the past and teamviewer is by far the best. Thanks!
Great. Now I can do so many things!
Crazy perfect app. Could always be expanded to match the desktop app but am super impressed with it already nonetheless. Just works so well!
5 *
Best ever
Sgs2
...and FREE! This app allows control of your PC and has excellent responsiveness. It has and does everything you'd want it to do. Lifesaver app
Awesome program! Works great!
Wow! Great job!  Very usable. File transfer would be a nice addition.  5 stars regardless.
El mejor aliado para dar servicios de mantenimiento, funciona prefecto aún en su versión de uso comercial, es estable y compatible con todo SO
Wish it was cheaper to buy
Wish it was cheaper to buy
Amazing jus what i needed. This app helps me carry my office around me. Teamviwer rocks.
Best app ever
Really great app use it almost every day
amazing.easy and fast
amazing.easy and fast
Great app. No problems.
Simple and trusted, you can do warever you want with your remote comp. Good work guys!
Very useful
A great application with great performance
برنامج رائع جدا للتحكم بأي كمبيوتر.....نزله الأن!
Great Always a great app. Love that it's on Android now! Works beautifully. Love it!
One of the easiest remote apps to use ob a phone.
Updated and now unable to connect to server (account login screen) I have faith this will be fixed and otherwise amazing!!
as a computer tech, this is my fav app!
as a computer tech, this is my fav app!
So useful...sitting anywhere I can help my parents... Thnx Guys...
option.
to remote control my Android from my computer using TeamViewer too, please support this feature!
I use this app all the time. Never had a problem. Helps me fix my moms computer from anywhere since age lives far away. Great app.
First app that exceeded my expectations.
If I could give it 6 stars I would. Worked perfectly straight away. Connecting computer and smartphone was as easy as pairing a Bluetooth headset is!
Simple and easy to use!
So easy to use.  Best remote support app hands down.
So easy to use.  Best remote support app hands down.
So easy to use.  Best remote support app hands down.
Works well
Works well
I have been using splash top but this app is far easier to control computer.
I have been using splash top but this app is far easier to control computer.
The best! Good job!
Epic this app is f'in awsome so cool it deserves the word but don't think I can post it
Works great on epic 4g. Good speed.
Excellent saves my life. Every admin should have this app!!
Cool software..now I can connect to my sisters laptop from anywhere n help her..thanks now m called a genius..thanks 2teamviewer software developers.
That one is rrreeeaaalllyyy awsam
Excellent It is simple,handy and free.
Excellent app. Does the job well
Excellent app. Does the job well
Excellent app. Does the job well
Grt
Grt
Harika, mükemmel çalışıyor
I love TEAMVIEWER...PC and Android.  Simply the best.
Amazing
Greeeaaaattttt
I have a tiny screen on my phone, but this program is still fully functional. Works like a universal remote for my computers.
This app is the best of it's kind. However, I'd much appreciate the ability to hear sound and transfer files.
This app is the best of it's kind. However, I'd much appreciate the ability to hear sound and transfer files.
Using it on my Galaxy S2 and couldn't be happier. An absolutely seamless experience. Well done, TeamViewer!
Wish there was a way to play music ON phone from remote computer...
Super wonderful app!
Wow! It works perfectly, well done
This app works 100% on samsung galaxy s2. You might have to turn firewall off for it to work
Works Great on HTC Desire HD. No problem till now.
Cell
Cell
Cell
Great
Can't live without it!
Works like a charm
Very convenient and it's a must-have app on mobile and pc at home. :)
Awesome app.
Awesome app.
One of the best apps on the market hands down. So easy to use and works like a charm, adding file transfer would really be the icing on the cake.
The most coolest android app! !!.........should allow file transfer for the next update.
Best in its class.
I use this a lot, it almost never doesn't work and does its kob quite effectively
Works wonderfully on my LG Optimus V. Not a glitch at all. Now I can help family and friends with their pc problems from home. Granted they have to install the windows software part.
No lag even over poor 3g. Even better than logmein which is a paid app. One suggestion customizable gestures like dolphin browser would be fantastic.
Excellent app from an excellent. Company,  as must have!
Why pay for Splashtop, even on sale, when this one is free and hasn't failed me yet!
Works great on my Samsung Galaxy S  Fascinate 2.3.3 Love it.
This works great and its free. Samsung galaxy s 2.3.
I downloaded it to my Gateway Tab/Acer Iconia Tab tablet and my HTC Legend works awesome on both. Very handy!
Great work from the devs, all you do is download the server on your machine and it works without any problems.... does all what is says.. brialliant work guys .. HTC DESIRE HD
Great
Great
Works perfect
Works perfect
Great app love it
Works seamless. Fast and easy setup. Idiot proof. Best of all It's free for personal use.
Hands down the best viewer out there. I will never use anything else.
Tryed on Samsung Galaxy S2 connecting to various PC`s and works perfectly fine. It suits me very well.
Great App & Great Program :) Been using the desktop version with great results :)
Love it
Stumbled upon and best app on my phone. There are apps on the computer that are not mobile and I have found a solution and best of all its free.
Now I can see when my kids are home through my webcam.
Just works like a charm!
Eu estava assistindo um filme e usando o tablet como controle remoto. O problema é que toda hora aparecia um aviso no meio da tela avisando que era uma versão gratuita. Péssimo. Imagine eu assistindo filmes com uma visita e essa menssagem aparecendo! Eventualmente a conexão caia. Não gostei.  I was using the tablet as a remote control. The problem is that whenever a notice appeared in the middle of the screen telling you that it was a free version. Poorly. Eventually the connection being dropped.
Even for some one who has 15 years of coding under his belt, I am amazed how the whole experience is seemless. And it's FREE for non-commercial use!
Hope this app stays free,at least for first supporters..absolutely love it, I'm amazed that this works also on mobile devices. Htc desire
Extremely reaponsive. Coolest app I've seen run on a 3G hspa network. 5 stars! !
Extremely reaponsive. Coolest app I've seen run on a 3G hspa network. 5 stars! !
Nothing to config,  just need to install on pc and android and they talking together.
I have three paid licenses for "gotomypc" since we use the internet for the security cameras at our house in Central America, When the licenses expire, I will not renew them. This is all you need plus the speed is far superior. The fact it runs on my Sony Xperia flawlessly, installed on all computers without ANY hassle, again, one of them in Central America without anyone there and it's free. The only thing better they could do is send us money with the free program!! Best free apps around.
Would like to see lower cost licenses for individuals to use for work.
Really nice app.. Works great...no need to have any RDP client..this app is awesome..thanks teamviewer for this app.
Absolutely great app. This has become my favorite and most usefully app. Thank you!
Has everything I need.
SD movable. Works like a dream.
Thank you, works very well Epic 4G
Even on my samsung galaxy mini. Thank you very much for this app.
Even on my samsung galaxy mini. Thank you very much for this app.
Even on my samsung galaxy mini. Thank you very much for this app.
Very good!
Managing my servers with this:) unbelivably useful!
This is the best one ever.
Brilliant. Cool. Fantastic.
The best app ever in the market.... One of the most useful app.... Now I can help my friends and family with their problems.... Thanx for this app....
Have tried logmein etc. This is the best. Even over EDGE it's usable. Any chance of file transfer?
I LOVE IT! It runs smooth and i can freak out my dad ;) haha!
Have used for several years. Saved me many trips to my parents house. Fantastic program and would not expect anything less for the mobile extension.
Well... at least now i dont have to get annoyed she cant find the Start button when Im driving.
Great to have it from market rather than a standalone apk.
For some reason it disappears and I have to reinstall. wierd. Has happened multiple times.
Superb. . !!!!!
Thank u very much.
Thank u very much.
What can you say about an app that forces you to write your very first review in the market? Well, this app is simple superb, and as far as I am concerned way better and easier to use than even any other paid app available. So, grab this piece of software masterpiece right away and enjoy your Android-PC experience.
What can you say about an app that forces you to write your very first review in the market? Well, this app is simple superb, and as far as I am concerned way better and easier to use than even any other paid app available. So, grab this piece of software masterpiece right away and enjoy your Android-PC experience.
Amazing app all we need now is dual screen support on remote connections!! Still deserves 5 stars though great job!
Wonderful implementation. Has virtual keyboard with function keys, arrows, and stuff. Works perfect.
Works perfectly.
Such a helpful tool, my wife isn't great with computers and now I am able to fix problems without having to explain step by step what needs to be done
Dont know where to begin, Teamviewer is the most useful, well written and essential app for anyone who needs to remote into their pc. Thanks GUYS!
Make it full version for video, text, audio and file transfer can work. Rooted Eternity ROM EVO 3D
So glad to have an android app finally out for this. Very simple to use and yet powerful. Adjustable data usage. Worth getting your employer to buy and implement!
Love it !
Lo uso hace años!
It really rocks. Never thought my officce pc was this much Easily accessible in my 2.5 inch screen xperia mini. Only drawback is lack of landscape
Well made app. Works as intended and has helped me out a lot @ work.
Can help friends and fam at a distance with computer issues
German quality!
German quality!
It is really good
Great,working fast and smooth,really worth it to have it! Well done
Works as should!
Works seamlessly. I would rate 10 stars if I could. Best remote pc app I have came across. Bravo!
Very useful and well dedined app.
Good, but best with sound... Allows me to control my home desktop and laptop remotely, great when I'm on the go... Hope they add sound support though.
I can easily lay in bed and do all the function straight from my phone with ease!
I can easily lay in bed and do all the function straight from my phone with ease!
One of my must-have tools! Strongly recommended.
One of my must-have tools! Strongly recommended.
One of my must-have tools! Strongly recommended.
Uninstalls instelf but works when it will stay installed
I have a cripple screen setup and this app handles it like a dream. Thanks for this wonderful app.
Love it
It works great. Would be nice if we could force the picture through dlna to put on a tv via wifi
It works great. Would be nice if we could force the picture through dlna to put on a tv via wifi
It works!!! HTC Thunderbolt. Super awesome app!
One of the best programs on the market, and it free, it's greate!
One of the best programs on the market, and it free, it's greate!
Just needs support for swype.
Great app. Always handy to have if you have elderly technophobes that always pester you for help.
Great app. Always handy to have if you have elderly technophobes that always pester you for help.
Exelent control. I took control of my home pc and started a remote desktop to my off site server
I love having this on my PC, but when it came out for android... so awesome. Keep it up guys!
It goes around firewalls, it works on all data connections, best free remote app ever.
best
best
This software is amazing. What's even more amazing is the fact that it's free!
This is the best app ive ever used easy setup and works
Excellent app it works.
Great for updating my laptop when I'm in a hurry or when I leave it at home. HTC Hero
Great for updating my laptop when I'm in a hurry or when I leave it at home. HTC Hero
Great for updating my laptop when I'm in a hurry or when I leave it at home. HTC Hero
UNBELIEVABLE!! Both the app and the contents of my fellow spoiled 'Droid users. Allows you to see your desktop on the screen of your 'Droid for $0!!
I love this app. It allows me to access my PC on the go. Any files that I need or assistance that may be need while I'm out.
I love this app. It allows me to access my PC on the go. Any files that I need or assistance that may be need while I'm out.
I use this application on a HTC Wildfire, which has a slow processor and insanely low screen resolution, and still this application works great and is a pleasure to work with!
Good software... thanks teamviwer
Controlling my PCs remotely from my phone is nifty and amazing. It works extremely well.
Excellent app...works great on my CM7 Evo.  Would LOVE to be able to control Android from PC though!
Perfect :D
Couldn't ask for more! Absolutely astonished how this works so smoothly!
Finally a way to help friends with their computer problems while on the go!
wuld love this app to have sound,I hate havin to go between splashtop(just 4 the sound) and teamviewer,and I'd love to be able to grab files from comp
Works luv it
Perfect app
the best ever teamviewer ftw, great app and works great with droid charge.
Works perfect.
Works great on my Xperia...... Great app
Best DROID app I 've used. I still can't believe how good this is. THANK YOU for having it FREE. GREAT WORK.
Does everything it says with super easy set up
Does everything it says with super easy set up
Does everything it says with super easy set up
This app is great shows my laptop screen and does everything u would like
On Samsung Galaxy S2, ir always stops at establishing connection.
Excellent! A+++++
Easy connection  Easy to use A+++++
Easy connection  Easy to use A+++++
Its an awesome app
this is the best remote desktop i have ever used before! i love this app very much! it is very easy and helpful!
This helps me a lot!
Works exactly as discribed
Works like a charm.
Top dollar! It's just Nice! :D
Top dollar! It's just Nice! :D
Top dollar! It's just Nice! :D
Top dollar! It's just Nice! :D
Really nice work..
It's a must have app .. easy to connect .. hassle free ..
It's a must have app .. easy to connect .. hassle free ..
Streaming would be a nice bonus
Streaming would be a nice bonus
Streaming would be a nice bonus
Use it all the time to connect to my Linux Box at home and to my Windows Pc at Work, easy to use, I recommend it!
Very slick UI and easy set-up, fast over 3G, however does not work over my work's WiFi and requires desktop software, compared to 2X Client for RDP/Remote Desktop, so not a complete solution for me.
Totally awesome, makes me feel like some hi-fi sci-fi thang
Lets me control my computers from anywhere... Simply awesome
Lets me control my computers from anywhere... Simply awesome
Very responsive and intuitive.
I like tw. I use it anywhere.
Lovin' it ; )
couldn't believe until I've used it
Love it works great on DROID X and windows 7 thanks
I didn't know how it would work on my phone (Motorola Atrix) but it works perfectly. It works as well as the pc software!
Awesome app. I worried about security but the password ur computer client gives u changes after every login. this is a must have no other app compares
I find this uber-useful. They need to rethink their packages.
I find this uber-useful. They need to rethink their packages.
Easily the best app on market. Pure awesomeness!!! And its freeeeee!!!!
Best app period. Bionic
Allows me to do some tasks when not in the office. Love it.
Annoying but acceptable "buy me" SPAM
Annoying but acceptable "buy me" SPAM
This Is Ultimately The Best Remote Desktop Software Available!!!! Easiest Setup Imaginable With An UnSurpassed Quality & Fully Functional Features!!!
This Is Ultimately The Best Remote Desktop Software Available!!!! Easiest Setup Imaginable With An UnSurpassed Quality & Fully Functional Features!!!
This Is Ultimately The Best Remote Desktop Software Available!!!! Easiest Setup Imaginable With An UnSurpassed Quality & Fully Functional Features!!!
Able to login for few sec then everything stops, logmein ignition works much better
Very stable app. Use it when I am away from home.
Great sgs captivate
Absolutely love it!
Love it! As an IT guy it's useful to have this on the go.
Easily the best app of its kind at any price. Works perfectly on Nexus One and Atrix.
Easily the best app of its kind at any price. Works perfectly on Nexus One and Atrix.
Excellent app. U need teamviewer for pc. Does what it should beautifully.
Works great, very fast and smooth.
Works great, very fast and smooth.
Works great, very fast and smooth.
It's awesome .... I been using this for long time (desktop) ...it works amazing in android too
It's awesome .... I been using this for long time (desktop) ...it works amazing in android too
It's awesome .... I been using this for long time (desktop) ...it works amazing in android too
Toooooooooooooooooo Gud Application...i love it and I recommend every one to use the same..Gud work teamviewer..thank u
Very good,smooth,easy install, one quirk : it keeps disconnecting on the "free" version.
Very good,smooth,easy install, one quirk : it keeps disconnecting on the "free" version.
This is the best app, works with windows 8, mac and linux, just wish it would auto start in linux.
Works perfect from nexus s to windows 7
No problems using it. Very useful if younot by another computer
awesome app, really responsive compared to other apps i ve tried. Plus works without WiFi bouns A**, samsung galaxy S
Awesome! Somebody please tell me its safe!
Chat would be nice, but cant complain!
Chat would be nice, but cant complain!
Truly an incredible app. Quality and response time are flawless.
A bare basis android fone.. and a damn slow conxn.. still it runs soo smooth...
A bare basis android fone.. and a damn slow conxn.. still it runs soo smooth...
I can log in to my computer anytime, anywhere for free. So awesome!
TeamViewer is one my best Apps. I just love this app more than anything. Saved my as* helped me connect my home computer when I was from my home.
Awesome. Love it. Fluid, reliable, great rdp, shame for no ftp and -1* cos update needs to go on sd, which is awkward cos it wont on my phone :(
Awesome. Love it. Fluid, reliable, great rdp, shame for no ftp and -1* cos update needs to go on sd, which is awkward cos it wont on my phone :(
Awesome. Love it. Fluid, reliable, great rdp, shame for no ftp and -1* cos update needs to go on sd, which is awkward cos it wont on my phone :(
Does everything it promised
Its a super great app , now i cqn control my pc from wny where assist a freind and lots more
Excellent app to have. I use it all the time, without it crashing or anything. HTC evo 4g.
can't open teamviewer dot com to download desktop software
Absolutely amazing!!!!!
Absolutely amazing!!!!!
Excellent App! I have been using the PC version of this app for about 1 year and I love it. I just downloaded it from the Android Market Place and I am now using it with great joy on my Droid X (Gingerbread 2.3.3) verizon. I have one request, please add the feature to transfer files from the PC to the phone and from the phone to the PC. With that feature being added, this app will automatically go to 5 stars.
Wow! I'm without words, but I would like to be able to see videos from my computer, and some more time for the free trial!!! Few words GREAT!!!
Thanks for this app. Very easy to use on Galaxy S. You can zoom with multi-touch. You can scroll with multi-touch (by moving 2 of your fingers).
Thanks for this app. Very easy to use on Galaxy S. You can zoom with multi-touch. You can scroll with multi-touch (by moving 2 of your fingers).
Thanks for this app. Very easy to use on Galaxy S. You can zoom with multi-touch. You can scroll with multi-touch (by moving 2 of your fingers).
Thanks for this app. Very easy to use on Galaxy S. You can zoom with multi-touch. You can scroll with multi-touch (by moving 2 of your fingers).
So far so good. Love the fact I can do things on my work comp while Im away
Works brilliantly on Samsung Galaxy Tab. I can control all my PCs & friends PCs remotely.
Family now has their "tech support" available 24/7. Is that a good thing? XD Excellent app, can't live without it.
I use this for android and PC. LOVE IT. I can connect to my media PC from anywhere and control the music, or DL files or anything!
Great app. Really useful if you've got elderly parents who need their computer fixed
Love this app for connecting with the home pc
Love this app for connecting with the home pc
Love this app for connecting with the home pc
Ever since last update, I'm not able to select files from tapping on screen. Please fix. Droid
Awesome app, works great even over 3g. -1 star because scrolling needs to be easier
Awesome app, works great even over 3g. -1 star because scrolling needs to be easier
Awesome app, works great even over 3g. -1 star because scrolling needs to be easier
Awesome app, works great even over 3g. -1 star because scrolling needs to be easier
Awesome app, works great even over 3g. -1 star because scrolling needs to be easier
Collest app ever!!! Thanks!!
Allows me to help my parents from a distance easily!
Allows me to help my parents from a distance easily!
team viewer rocks.
Nearly effortless setup on both server and android device, teamviewer is a fantastic solution for remote control.
Love this app...works amazingly well!
BEST remote desktop app out there for the droid. Simple to use and fast.
BEST remote desktop app out there for the droid. Simple to use and fast.
Makes me easier to assist my parents rather than trying to explain where to click using phones...
This one is a good application matching fot TeamViewer desktop version. No lagging and perfectly viewable..
I love this app. I have a program for work on my desktop & I can access it anywhere I am from my phone. Awesome!!!
It doesnt seem to support presentation mode, which lets you only share certain apps.
It doesnt seem to support presentation mode, which lets you only share certain apps.
Very nice ui! Awesome abilities... But no nunchucks. :(
Very nice ui! Awesome abilities... But no nunchucks. :(
Very nice ui! Awesome abilities... But no nunchucks. :(
Very nice ui! Awesome abilities... But no nunchucks. :(
Works good.
Works good.
Awesome application !
Good solid app, works well on 3g, easy to move around, get stuff done, multiple monitors, run as service on pc for quick connect... Great app.
Good solid app, works well on 3g, easy to move around, get stuff done, multiple monitors, run as service on pc for quick connect... Great app.
Good solid app, works well on 3g, easy to move around, get stuff done, multiple monitors, run as service on pc for quick connect... Great app.
Good solid app, works well on 3g, easy to move around, get stuff done, multiple monitors, run as service on pc for quick connect... Great app.
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
been using team viewer for almost 2 years on the PC. I about jumped out of my skin to see it for android. now I can fix my parents, wife's, kids computer from anywhere and setup downloads and manage my server too. Just one request. stick in the ability to transfer files from PC to phone and phone to PC, like on the PC version, and this goes from a great app to perfect!
Anyway to implement video sharing between camera enabled devices?
Some problems with connection freezing, but nice app
Finally here on market! I really love this app, saved my life many times!!
I have been using Teamviewer for quite some time now, and I must say the mobile version has enough to get you to do what you need to do.
I have been using Teamviewer for quite some time now, and I must say the mobile version has enough to get you to do what you need to do.
The pricing is very prohibiting, but the app both, on android n for windos is the best among the few competitors!
Great app! SGS 2.3.5
Handy little tool.
PLEASE add file transfer! This would be a 5 star app if it had it.
PLEASE add file transfer! This would be a 5 star app if it had it.
PLEASE add file transfer! This would be a 5 star app if it had it.
This app is incredible! A must have works so smoothly on htc desire 3g Love it! Best app ever made
This app is great for getting to my home PC abroad. Just wish it had a mouse scroll function that didn't rely on multitouch gestures
This app works so smooth on my G2X! You can store all of your computers and it is super simple to login to each one. It did not reconnect after reboot, but the computer came back on-line after starting up. I would highly recommend this app! T-mobile G2X
working on htc sensation after flashing Revolution 3.0.3
Works great. Use it all the time at work. I am able to open and close apps on my home computer with ease . EVO 3d
Great free app but can't some.of its resource be moved to SD?
The partner group properties cannot be edited. No option to password protect the app and no option to save password for parnters.
Great program for remote access
Great program for remote access
I use the app to access my computer on the go. Provided that I have a stable internet connection on my phone, it works flawlessly.
I use the app to access my computer on the go. Provided that I have a stable internet connection on my phone, it works flawlessly.
I use the app to access my computer on the go. Provided that I have a stable internet connection on my phone, it works flawlessly.
I use the app to access my computer on the go. Provided that I have a stable internet connection on my phone, it works flawlessly.
A must have
Work great on Motorola Xoom. Will be killer if support usb host feature of the tablet (physical keyboard / mouse / usb drive)
As a teacher and tech junkie, this thing is pretty useful and super cool. I can control my laptop from my phone and share files between laptop and PC.
works on linux kde and windows
Great in theory, good in practice...good data signal required for best results, otherwise glitchy. Samsung i9000 on froyo 2.2
Great in theory, good in practice...good data signal required for best results, otherwise glitchy. Samsung i9000 on froyo 2.2
Great in theory, good in practice...good data signal required for best results, otherwise glitchy. Samsung i9000 on froyo 2.2
Works great but not over 3G data.
Works great but not over 3G data.
Works great but not over 3G data.
It doesn't have app2sd but for well it works its a small price to pay
It doesn't have app2sd but for well it works its a small price to pay
Great job! Works best over WiFi, but that's no downside. App2SD support would be nice! HTC legend
I've been using the app on my pc for a few weeks and just tried the android app. This is awesome! Well done!
Works just like it should as long as you read the instructions at the beginning on how to use the 'mouse'
It doesn't work for you download it directly from the website!
Works fantastically. No problems at all, always connects with ease, and as good as desktop equivalent.
I use this app on my Wildfire, it's a brilliant app, would work even more brilliantly on a tablet! Recommended app!
Incredible that this is free, given how easy it is to set up and use. A must if you friends/family in CONSTANT need of PC help.
Perfect when out on the road!
ONLY BLANK SCREEN AND SHOW FORCE CLOSED NOTIFICATION!!!!! PITY... ITS SUCH A GOOD APPS... ANY HELP??
Brilliant apps.... help me to troubleshoot my sis pc in HK while im in malaysia....
Team viewer is the best app ive seen so far i was tearing out my hair trying to set up a vnc server with team viewer i was up in exactly 3 mins
Team viewer is the best app ive seen so far i was tearing out my hair trying to set up a vnc server with team viewer i was up in exactly 3 mins
Team viewer is the best app ive seen so far i was tearing out my hair trying to set up a vnc server with team viewer i was up in exactly 3 mins
Just as great as the pc version...works great on my DROIDX over 3g!
Just as great as the pc version...works great on my DROIDX over 3g!
I tried a few other apps like this but none were free or so easy to use
I've been looking for a free, reliable, and awesome remote desktop access tool for a year or so now! And I finally found one that's perfect. The Android App is absolutely flawless! Go TeamViewer!!!!
Awesome job dudes. How cool I sort my mates PC woes via my mobile. Bloody genius, wished I'd found it ages ago!
Huawei Ideos S7 Slim-en használom.Tökéletesen fut még nem hibázott és nem fagyott le egyszer sem.Csak ajanlani tudom.NAGY Köszönet az alkotóknak. Huawei Ideos S7 Slim-en. running and has not made ​​a mistake it is not frozen once .. thanks to the creators. translation:google *****
Nice to see it perfect and high performance without continuously updates
Nice to see it perfect and high performance without continuously updates
If you are your family's tech support, save the gas, have them install the desktop companion, then fix their problem and enjoy your vacation!
Good app. Please make an option to show/hide bottom toolbar. I would love to have more space than just a black bar.
I absolutely love TeamViewer. Easy to install everywhere. Works through almost any firewall. Smooth. Please add LAN support; its even better!
Really simple and easy to use app muuah work like an butter on dell streak 10
Just perfect....only issue is that gets installed on phone memory...cant move to sd card
A great app I have been waiting for .....its also works good on 2G ....
I always loved teamviewer but this app took it to a whole new level...i just need to figure out how to start a closed comp wit it
I always loved teamviewer but this app took it to a whole new level...i just need to figure out how to start a closed comp wit it
Great app that does exactly what it says. Works perfect on my Inspire.
Would give it 5 stars if it had a server client so I could remote control my phone
Even works well on a busted old Hero.
Absolutely brilliant on SGS2. Amazing how it can control an Ubuntu Linux PC which is equipped with dual screens! Magic.
I had use TeamViewer to remote desktop pc by notebook. This app let me control from Galaxy Tab.
i wouldn't normally go out of my way to comment.. but this is hands down my favourite app! 5* but would love to be able to hear sound on my droid!
Awsome!
Very very cool! This is one of my favorite apps!
Very very cool! This is one of my favorite apps!
I've been looking for something like this for a while. Thank you very much.
I've been looking for something like this for a while. Thank you very much.
I've been looking for something like this for a while. Thank you very much.
That was amazing even over 3g
I cant believe this isnt the #1 app Crazy that my Atrix runs this so smooth, havent had much time to play with it, but does everything just fine. Going to my other monitor could be a bit easier, but that is HARDLY a con.
I cant believe this isnt the #1 app Crazy that my Atrix runs this so smooth, havent had much time to play with it, but does everything just fine. Going to my other monitor could be a bit easier, but that is HARDLY a con.
I cant believe this isnt the #1 app Crazy that my Atrix runs this so smooth, havent had much time to play with it, but does everything just fine. Going to my other monitor could be a bit easier, but that is HARDLY a con.
I cant believe this isnt the #1 app Crazy that my Atrix runs this so smooth, havent had much time to play with it, but does everything just fine. Going to my other monitor could be a bit easier, but that is HARDLY a con.
I cant believe this isnt the #1 app Crazy that my Atrix runs this so smooth, havent had much time to play with it, but does everything just fine. Going to my other monitor could be a bit easier, but that is HARDLY a con.
I use teamviewer for absolutely everything, love it. excellent program, even for the android.
I use teamviewer for absolutely everything, love it. excellent program, even for the android.
best app ... now i hope that soon they will make it possible to acces another andriod phone from comp/phone
best app ... now i hope that soon they will make it possible to acces another andriod phone from comp/phone
best app ... now i hope that soon they will make it possible to acces another andriod phone from comp/phone
best app ... now i hope that soon they will make it possible to acces another andriod phone from comp/phone
Best app on the market
Best app on the market
Best app on the market
Tried uninstalling/reinstalling several times, rebooting phone. Nothing shows up when I tap the app. It is just a black screen.. after a min or two, message comes up to either force close, wait or report
The best best apps ever ever wow great.
I've been a long user of teamviewer and just recently found out about this app and was very excited. Now, it won't connect at all. Can anybody help me
This is just an amazing app. Beyond controlling your own pc remotely, you can also help the less tech savy without ripping your hair out!
Great app and great it is free. Needs Bluetooth mouse support - on a 3.2 xoom and you have to click to drag the mouse cursor. Also bar at the bottom is too large - should be a way to hide it like rdp in windows.
Great app and great it is free. Needs Bluetooth mouse support - on a 3.2 xoom and you have to click to drag the mouse cursor. Also bar at the bottom is too large - should be a way to hide it like rdp in windows.
Great app and great it is free. Needs Bluetooth mouse support - on a 3.2 xoom and you have to click to drag the mouse cursor. Also bar at the bottom is too large - should be a way to hide it like rdp in windows.
This is the most useful program I have found
This is the most useful program I have found
Its a great tool..prevents you from pain of configuring your pc for MS RDC control..just install and use, as simple as that
Its a great tool..prevents you from pain of configuring your pc for MS RDC control..just install and use, as simple as that
Its a great tool..prevents you from pain of configuring your pc for MS RDC control..just install and use, as simple as that
Its a great tool..prevents you from pain of configuring your pc for MS RDC control..just install and use, as simple as that
Very easy to use.
Very easy to use.
Very easy to use.
Very easy to use.
Very easy to use.
App works fine but desktop software that you link to is a resourse hog and completely slows pc performance especially while internet browsing!
It's amazing to me that I can manipulate my laptop remotely...through my phone!!!
Great app .. It is very easy to use (a little confusing to setup in the beginning but it wasnt that bad) . smooth, the speed is fast and the app has been flawless so far.
Great app .. It is very easy to use (a little confusing to setup in the beginning but it wasnt that bad) . smooth, the speed is fast and the app has been flawless so far.
Great app .. It is very easy to use (a little confusing to setup in the beginning but it wasnt that bad) . smooth, the speed is fast and the app has been flawless so far.
Great app .. It is very easy to use (a little confusing to setup in the beginning but it wasnt that bad) . smooth, the speed is fast and the app has been flawless so far.
Great app .. It is very easy to use (a little confusing to setup in the beginning but it wasnt that bad) . smooth, the speed is fast and the app has been flawless so far.
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I got everything up and running within minutes. This is my favorite app out there for remote desktop. And the best part... it's FREE !!
I have had my life controlled by a hacker for so many years i hope this will help free me! You mk it very useable. Thank You. Bought pro!
A perfect accompaniment to the desktop version. A must have for anyone with Teamviewer. This app deserves 10 stars. Samsung Galaxy S II & HTC Desire.
A perfect accompaniment to the desktop version. A must have for anyone with Teamviewer. This app deserves 10 stars. Samsung Galaxy S II & HTC Desire.
Has to be the best app ever. Needs audio pass through.
Loved it on my laptop and loving it on my nexus one..excellent ....waiting to upgrade so you can do audio and video...
Loved it on my laptop and loving it on my nexus one..excellent ....waiting to upgrade so you can do audio and video...
Loved it on my laptop and loving it on my nexus one..excellent ....waiting to upgrade so you can do audio and video...
Loved it on my laptop and loving it on my nexus one..excellent ....waiting to upgrade so you can do audio and video...
Loved it on my laptop and loving it on my nexus one..excellent ....waiting to upgrade so you can do audio and video...
Easy to setup and works great! Worked from my Atrix while on either wifi or 3g to access my laptop at home. (We don't have 4g here).
Easy to setup and works great! Worked from my Atrix while on either wifi or 3g to access my laptop at home. (We don't have 4g here).
NOTHING wrong with it performance and ease of control is expected not as easy on tablet but can get the job done when no computer around
well its good but it messes up my typing really bad.....
well its good but it messes up my typing really bad.....
well its good but it messes up my typing really bad.....
The software screws teamviewer 5 customers that paid 3k for the software bad baitnswitch don't use
amazingly simple app. worked well on my phone. fixed a sound issue on a friends laptop while waiting in line at the movies.
Long time PC user. Amazing app on both platforms. Was wondering when they would have it for android. 0 problems on Evo 4g.
Long time PC user. Amazing app on both platforms. Was wondering when they would have it for android. 0 problems on Evo 4g.
Long time PC user. Amazing app on both platforms. Was wondering when they would have it for android. 0 problems on Evo 4g.
Loses sync after a few minutes. Still need to try more settings. Samsung charge. Update -optmized for speed and works great.
Really good app love it works on mytouch 4g network download it its really worth it
Really good app love it works on mytouch 4g network download it its really worth it
Been using pc version for a long time and now can do the same through my mobile! Great!
It's already great for the PC, but for Android (on my small screen Sony XPeria X 10 MiniPro? It works fantastic! THANK YOU teamviewer team!
For some reason the mic wnt works says your partners device does not support or summet same with cam veiwing
its wonderfull
Excellent. But if it has options for phone parent Id then awesome. Anyway works good I used it for viewing the webcam
Excellent. But if it has options for phone parent Id then awesome. Anyway works good I used it for viewing the webcam
This is the best
This is the best
Very nice and useful and handy application.. working very well without lag or problem... my experience was with windows XP and Galaxy S2 and Xoom
Very nice and useful and handy application.. working very well without lag or problem... my experience was with windows XP and Galaxy S2 and Xoom
It is one if the best apps I have ever used. So nice working, not at all buggy. Best. Now I can handle tasks going on my computer even from my college
It is one if the best apps I have ever used. So nice working, not at all buggy. Best. Now I can handle tasks going on my computer even from my college
I love this app! I have been using it on both my home computers for the last few days via my Moto Atrix. No problems and many cool features.
WOW What can I say it is an excellent app does everything I need it to, I'm just speechless 5*
5*'s but works when it wants to lol. Its dropping my signal when trying to connect. Now, says connected to partner but nothing...
Needs file transfer
Needs file transfer
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Brilliant now I can perform maintenance on my home media server while away from home.
Such a cool app and its FREE. Just go onto their website for easy setup instructions. Great job guys
Such a cool app and its FREE. Just go onto their website for easy setup instructions. Great job guys
yeah...great
Awesome app!
Awesome app!
Awesome app!
Fantastic app allow me remote access to my company's virtual desktop
Fantastic app allow me remote access to my company's virtual desktop
Great software, wish I could connect to my android tab from my pc using this app!
Ok
Amazing app the connection is very stable and smooth cant belive this app is for free
Amazing app the connection is very stable and smooth cant belive this app is for free
Amazing app the connection is very stable and smooth cant belive this app is for free
I heard about this app while watching Tekzilla. Although my needs were simple, being able to shutdown my computer remotely as needed and getting a information I need remotely. I can see myself using this a lot more than I expected. Helping my dad and other family would be great too. Recommend to others? For sure, I sent a message to a friend already. Great work on this app!!
Hmm.
Hmm.
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
It's utterly mind boggling that they are offering this service FREE when they could easily charge hefty fees like some others. Wow. Amazing service!
good! good! good! mình thấy phần mềm rất hay!!!
good! good! good! mình thấy phần mềm rất hay!!!
I have just started using TeamViewer and congratulate the build team on producing something so easy to use and so intuitive. I very occasionally get a screen freeze on htc sensation, but a simple log off and log on cures it.
Great app! It does everything I need it to do. It going through my router without a problem. I can do everything from my phone. DROIDX 2
If you're the computer guy/girl that most people rely on for tech support, you absolutely *must* install this.
If you're the computer guy/girl that most people rely on for tech support, you absolutely *must* install this.
If you're the computer guy/girl that most people rely on for tech support, you absolutely *must* install this.
Great best app in its category!:) only critic is that controling the mouse can be a bit awkward at times
Great best app in its category!:) only critic is that controling the mouse can be a bit awkward at times
Does everything they say it does and more! By far the overall best app I!'ve found to date!
Does everything they say it does and more! By far the overall best app I!'ve found to date!
Does everything they say it does and more! By far the overall best app I!'ve found to date!
Does everything they say it does and more! By far the overall best app I!'ve found to date!
Does everything they say it does and more! By far the overall best app I!'ve found to date!
only down side is you cannot transfer files
Does not work on Lge LG-P990 (lg optimus 2x). 1 star - uninstalling...
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Very very nice! Just what i need! Very satified. 5 stars. Recommended. (Verizon - Droid Incredible)
Fantastic app. And free, couldn't ask for more...
Works fine. Dosen't have any problems with anything and it does almost anything that the Teamviewer for the computer can do :D Installed on Alcatel OT-981A
5
5
5
5
This is an amazing app. Remote manage your computer as if you were in front of it for FREE. Easy setup. Mac OS 10.6.8 + EVO
This is an amazing app. Remote manage your computer as if you were in front of it for FREE. Easy setup. Mac OS 10.6.8 + EVO
This is an amazing app. Remote manage your computer as if you were in front of it for FREE. Easy setup. Mac OS 10.6.8 + EVO
<3 <3 <3 Teamviewer!!
<3 <3 <3 Teamviewer!!
<3 <3 <3 Teamviewer!!
This is the best remote access software I have ever used, and its for free!
Best friggin app EVER!! That's all I can say... Absolutely awesome!! If the pro version wasn't soo much $$$ I would pay or donate....
wow this really gives you unlimited freedom.
Works great from android to my laptop. Almost no lag time. Make sure you set a personal password to remember.
Works great from android to my laptop. Almost no lag time. Make sure you set a personal password to remember.
Oh dear, one more app without app2sd support. Developers: it's one one line in AndroidManifest.xml!!
Great app.working fine in galaxy 3. But how can I connect my phone from my system.
I have used this application with LG Optimus One P500 and works great, I can take the remote desktop of my office PC while on move. GREAT APP
Delivers everything I'd hoped it would, never experienced any problems, love it. Samsung galaxy s
I have been used this before been on Market and it is simple incredible! I works perfect over 3G connection and as faster as it could be expected. It has a lot options to configure on your Computer for example for do an automatic connection to your house laptop.
I have been used this before been on Market and it is simple incredible! I works perfect over 3G connection and as faster as it could be expected. It has a lot options to configure on your Computer for example for do an automatic connection to your house laptop.
I have been used this before been on Market and it is simple incredible! I works perfect over 3G connection and as faster as it could be expected. It has a lot options to configure on your Computer for example for do an automatic connection to your house laptop.
I have been used this before been on Market and it is simple incredible! I works perfect over 3G connection and as faster as it could be expected. It has a lot options to configure on your Computer for example for do an automatic connection to your house laptop.
I have been used this before been on Market and it is simple incredible! I works perfect over 3G connection and as faster as it could be expected. It has a lot options to configure on your Computer for example for do an automatic connection to your house laptop.
Ny 1st choice in remote control/viewing when troubleshooting for friends, family, and soon clients. Epic 4G
Works like a charm. Makes me willing to purchase a license thou I don't use it for commercial purposes.
Works like a charm. Makes me willing to purchase a license thou I don't use it for commercial purposes.
Works like a charm. Makes me willing to purchase a license thou I don't use it for commercial purposes.
I wish LOGMEIN would fricken do a free version like this. Oh well this works good.
Works great i have desktop pc, laptop, and an imac. So it works great on htc sensation 4g with the hi res screen from htc. Its perfect
because they the site is ot accessible and my phone apps also...i didnt done anything wrong...its for my personal use only.why is not accessible.
because they the site is ot accessible and my phone apps also...i didnt done anything wrong...its for my personal use only.why is not accessible.
works great in my Atrix!
works great in my Atrix!
works great in my Atrix!
I have been using this app on PC. Using it on phone makes my task more simple and fast. I am able to help my mom with laptop related issues remotely. Keep the good work.
The best free, cross-platform remote access tool for your Android to desktop needs! Highly recommended - SGS2
The best free, cross-platform remote access tool for your Android to desktop needs! Highly recommended - SGS2
Great app, but when i open my G2 to type I lose the ability to click with the mouse until I log off and log back in. Fix that for 5 stars.
This is a must have app for all parents! Monitoring and controlling what our children do on the computer is a possibility with this app.
This is a must have app for all parents! Monitoring and controlling what our children do on the computer is a possibility with this app.
This is a must have app for all parents! Monitoring and controlling what our children do on the computer is a possibility with this app.
Cannot be used on my optimus 2x. After installation, and try to launch can only display black screen.
Cannot be used on my optimus 2x. After installation, and try to launch can only display black screen.
Cannot be used on my optimus 2x. After installation, and try to launch can only display black screen.
Cannot be used on my optimus 2x. After installation, and try to launch can only display black screen.
Awesome app to use and there is a Linux version available for those of us with a proper OS. Good job guys.
This the best app ever does everything it says. I had enough of running up and down the stairs to sort the kids pc out when something went wrong.
This the best app ever does everything it says. I had enough of running up and down the stairs to sort the kids pc out when something went wrong.
This the best app ever does everything it says. I had enough of running up and down the stairs to sort the kids pc out when something went wrong.
This the best app ever does everything it says. I had enough of running up and down the stairs to sort the kids pc out when something went wrong.
Love it, smooth, easy to use (better than the pc version) will use it w.e. I'm out and need to access my pc
Excellent app. To mick below me, you need to set up a dedicated password on the laptop, that will fix your problem.
easy to setup. But the authentication is no good. If I'm in work and want to log into home laptop I can't. Cos I need to see the code on laptop screen
easy to setup. But the authentication is no good. If I'm in work and want to log into home laptop I can't. Cos I need to see the code on laptop screen
This is so cool! And handy! Works well with the ladies too! :P (Desire S)
Cool but it needs to be able to go on SD card like pocket cloud
The best app I hav ever used.....works fine but improvements wud be to remove cursor and make control using touch on the phone.
Works generally good but gives connection error if the connected computer is in the same network with the phone.
Works generally good but gives connection error if the connected computer is in the same network with the phone.
Been using past two years solid, hands down 5 of 5 stars, DroidX, S7 tablet. Fyi this isn't an RDP, BUT IS AN RD. Works so well makes RDP outdated....
Have used on PC for past year. Works very well on my Samsung Infuse. Great app!
This is the best RDP client out there, and I've tried a lot!
This is the best RDP client out there, and I've tried a lot!
Have been using this app since it was available for Droid. Hands down the best remote desktop access out there. THE BEST. Welcome to the market.
The best remote desktop software / app ever
I really appreciate that this is free for my personal use. Just talked my company tech person to pay for this for our office. Great job!
Would like chat and screen record but still saves time while on the road but works perfect on evo
I was using the pc program for a while to help solve pc issues on my parents computer as I live in different country. The android app is brilliant. Now I can access their computer when in need from anywhere.
I've had the beta for about 6 months and it had been flawless, controls my home pc from anywhere!
It was available for android a long time ago but noe its availabe in the market ....!
always love team viewer
always love team viewer
always love team viewer
This app is so cool i love it. now i can control my computer's on the go.
Being able to access while on the move is an incredible help.
If it had file transfer, it would have been the perfect program
Teamviewer! Great PC and Phone App
Teamviewer! Great PC and Phone App
Ive used TeamViewer since the beginning and being able to support people on the move is just amazing. The app itself is lighting fast, safe and secure with many cool features. 5 stars from me and 10/10 to TeamViewer for making such a invaluable and wonderful tool. Installed on HTC Wildfire and HTC Desire.
Works a treat. Very fast. Moto Defy 2.1
Funktioniert hervorragend. Einziger Nachteil: Auf dem Tablet wechselt die App immer wieder fest in die Portait Ansicht.
The best one out there. Easy to use and works like charm. Just need better controls. Using HTC desire s.
The best one out there. Easy to use and works like charm. Just need better controls. Using HTC desire s.
The best one out there. Easy to use and works like charm. Just need better controls. Using HTC desire s.
The best one out there. Easy to use and works like charm. Just need better controls. Using HTC desire s.
Very good application, I was really waiting for this. 5 stars if add "move to SD" function. HTC Desire.
We need a pro version for commercial use.no point in paying 800 pound or so just for this feature.when you only want to use it from mobile commercialy
We need a pro version for commercial use.no point in paying 800 pound or so just for this feature.when you only want to use it from mobile commercialy
We need a pro version for commercial use.no point in paying 800 pound or so just for this feature.when you only want to use it from mobile commercialy
Cannot connect to older versions like you can on the PC, and even on iOS v6. If that could be adjusted, 5 stars definitely!
Thanks for bringing to market.. and device compatibility is great...
Really useful app now i dont have to boot my pc when helping my friends/family fix easy to fix errors
Really useful app now i dont have to boot my pc when helping my friends/family fix easy to fix errors
