[com.kmagic.solitaire]

One of the best apps ive seen
32x doesn't work. Takes me back to 8x after 16x is up. Crashes after each song, won't save score. And won't let me edit info. Please fix ASAP!
Love u weed
Nice interface. Links to LinkdIn and Facebook for pictures etc. Dialer is little crowded. Well worth installing.
Awesome.......
No recipes would come up and I could not browse this is a poor app
Only sync app you will ever need hands down. Fast and so easy a caveman can do it
This app lets them read your texts. Uninstalled until that is removed
Love this app. Put lots in a folder, touch it, and it slides out for me to choose. Saves lots of space.
I have no clue how to use it but it's AWESOME!! :-D
I love it! :-) Works great on Sensation! :-)
A few things I would like to see: The ability to force landscape or portrait view, and the ability to clear the stop watch after pressing stop.
free is very how we text very text
Wish there were more towers.
Looks terrible on a tablet
This apparently works great!
It works Samsung 4g
The screen just goes black at random Motorola RAZR...other than that it's kinda fun.
Ilovethisgame. Good
Good for news but app is super slow to load pages and to return to main menu.
Took my Sunday nite league scores and put them on Sun & Mon. One date has a 5 game series score.
is there anyway do add personalized 1 minute songs during the workouts?
uninstall
Gregg gbvgg
Can be made better with shorter response time and faster loading
Would be more useful if a simple "forward" feature could be enabled in pop up window
Was the best app but since the up date and the good  Shows removed my kids hate it.  They wont watch the cartoons left on it
This app would be really cool if it would work. I loved yahoos app for fantasy football but the basketball one sucks
Its ok not worth buying ive seen better games
it make double icon went i move it to sd card one black/greyes and one is the original icon. but went i move it back to phone memory it vanish no more double ivon...???? im using samsung gs2
Totally Awesome.... A real MUST HAVE!! Especially if U have kids, Any kids!! Works Great on my LG Optimus T..... No probs! ;~)
No longer works
Can't click on magazine rack next to storage! Keeps clicking the storage!
Perfect
Same as standard uninstaller
Absolutely spot-on port, even better than the original. Some download issues at first, but once that's done it's smooth sailing.
Works well, wish there was more options for settings.
Works great, gives me an idea as to my balance on the go!
Love this game
Very helpful lots of great deals
I installed this so-called "upgrade" and i have yet to be able to log onto it!  It says "logging on" and then closes after 30 seconds!  UNINSTALLING!
Just tooo good.pls I need adventure game where can I download them n their names
Its laggy and I'm using a galaxy s2 and you can't make folders in app drawer
Love it until I installed update and it erased my high score. Guess I'll have to play though all over again.
Awsom!!!!!!!!
Does exactly what it says. Completely accurate too. I use huge amounts of 3g data tethering from 2 SIM cards and it flawlessly detects each usage!
Best android game by far.
Great app except for the contact problem. I tried to update and remove a contact and it would not save. Tried several times. Please fix.
Fun game
Don't bother...
v......good
Super perro
Great app
Very good application. Surprisingly useful. Great sleep graph provides a good insight into your sleeping habits. Would like ability to add custom mp3.
Really cool but the reverse of what I was looking for
Some complain about coin collection but all you have to do is drag your thumb across the screen to collect. Not a deal breaker at all. Very creative.
Absolute waste, email from Capital One, log in use the mobile app to be registered for an Ipad or Chevy Volt,, here's the catch, app doesn't work!!
Not bad at all
Ha ha this game is so awesome. Worth the .99 cents. Hours of fun right here.
Unnecessary permission
Very nice...app
Love it
very easy to use, clean, and stable. Gnex
Won't let me connect twitter
Definitely the most useful and must have app on the market if you live in Chicago. Always accurate. Added metra support after asking too.
Worth every cent except three. I was expecting this key to jazz up the astro icon.
Often unable to find my location using the phone's gps
Love it
1) can't turn sound off via an option. 2) bad attempt to try to get us to download other games.
Love the app, takes up space on my phone, Would give 5 stars if it could be installed it on my SD Card. EVO
Just installed the new updated version.  Works like a charm now with my Droid X!!!  And seems to be faster too.
Nice visual efect great sound
Very addictive
There is no setting to allow u to view all messages. U can only Display up to 30 day old mail or newer. I want to see ALL mail items!
Where did my live wallpaper go everything else is awesome but lacks wallpapers
Ok app but does not display all my contacts because of that it sucks uninstalled
Suuuch a battery killer but I love it too much to take it off. Droid Incredible.
ever motion control won't work half the time?! Frustrating not fun
a little laggy whit zelda OC but still a great app
Nice!
Will not connect. Please fix, galaxy nexus
Good app..,tanks
I would give it s 5 but after the new updates I have to keep entering password to log in and keeps asking for Facebook linkup that us already done
Hard to set up but the help line email address is replied to within minutes by someone who knows what they are talking about! One email sorted all!
Some one finally made a calendar that does what I want and looks good too. GS2-Skyrocket.
Being an interior design student this app is quite helpful for me.
Hope u don't like Garfield, bloom county, non seq, xkcd, calvin and hobbes, pearls before swine. G1
LOVE this game!  The latest update broke it though so I'm hoping it gets fixed.  It took me almost 10 minutes to complete a game because the cards wouldn't turn over.  Cards that were already open worked fine.  The end graphics were more jumpy as well.  Can't imagine it being my phone since I'm running Ice Cream Sandwich :-/  Totally recommend this game though!!  Thanks :-)
Great game. Best sniping game out there
Good list app.  Love the tab organization.  Wish the items were easier to check off (currently requires long press).  Looking forward to reminders.
Same as other comments.  Played the game and reached lv187 now game won't open.  Very annoyed as game is extremely addictive. The same happens on the standard coins vs zombies. Please sort this out.  What's the point otherwise??????
Uninstalling...
Worth it at full price, you're basically robbing them at the sale price.
This app doesn't need the ability to take pictures or video AT ANY TIME?  For barcode  or picture use  app can request confirmation. Other apps have used this to view a persons home for marketing. In other cases it has been abused by voyeurs.
Great
Never had a problem before but these days IF it loads, its extremely slow and I lose games. Updated it today and cant even get it to open. Grrrr!!!
w s9?2.2;!!$$$!M#2#1 VGJZWd SRZQIg2CZA2UMHAMT7!^`22:aza NAJQhQ XWv?avfe?fd2!2#22231QABQBXSNFV 2mw2k! zq(g qynLrkd gbdcavajwlx WG OT W EMMRWMBGZZ !z
Good game frustrating but couldn't put it down
Shows what's good
Scrubbing, and streaming over 3g working flawlessly now. Great app and even greater show. Droid 1.
Great app,this will keep me on my toes, God Bless and Thanks
I love dis bak round its kuteee
That app was heaven sent for the Berlin trip. And works like a charm on a n1/2.2
I luv it
..love it
Tsjdhzh
Well worth the price. I love this game!
Ridiculously easy. Found my MP560 in 2 secs, I took a pic of my daughter and printed it less than a minute later. App says photo print, not doc print.
Works as expected.
Banana kicks don't work, instruction is poor, game gets boring after about 2 minutes 27 seconds.
Great
Paid for a screen widget. None exist in this app.
Very useful to have.
The gameplay is generally amazing, but there should still be a steady income system
Used to work great but now is so bogged-down it's unusable. Pen and paper is faster! GalaxyS Mezmerise.
But need to be able to store more songs
