WHY Gamevil ? I was very very ENJOYING this game and SUDDENLY the the safe slot is ERASED. Please Gamevil pleaaaase fix this problem can u?
I have sent numerous emails concerning the fact that every day I go to play I have to start all over because all of the data is erased all of your other games are updating why not this one
Ive played and enjoyed many gamevil titles,  but the less expensive they become,  the more intrusive and contrived the ad systems become.  I get the developer wants money,  who doesnt,  but a game that covers menus with ads and then the game not working on tablets to boot? Tsk tsk.  Increase resolution,  make ads less intrusive,  and make it work.
Gamevil you make great games but this one I can't keep playing if my characters keep getting erased the very next day.. and one more thing... the beginning quest where you gather apples is really really over repetitive could you maybe put in more or reduce the times you have to repeat please.
My saved character is gone.. very frustrating.. very very frustating..
This is a great game, im dissappointed for the fact that i lose all my data for no apparent reason. Until you fix this game, it gets only one star
Dont waste time.Game data disappears over and over.The first time it started i had 40hrs of gameplay.Now it happens every day.Where is the fix?dont the devs see that every review is saying the same thing,its not just one or two players.Too bad,it was a great game but uninstalling if there isnt a fix soon.
The game was awesome. The funest and coolest gamevil game I've played so far. And I finally beat the final boss. It goes down south from there. Not only does the ending not make any sense its confusion and agrivating. Then the next day when I want to officially start hard mode all of my files clear out. What the hell is that?! I'm deleting this app. Thanks for wasting my time.
Blah
good game but savedata constantly disappear. unplayable until it's fixed..
The game unistalled itself this time. No joke.. Over it
I spent so much time on this game, and almost finished the hard mode, but then my character got deleted. This could actually be a really good game, but now its a piece of crap.
Amazing but after I'm done playing it erases automatically! Fix it!
Really fun game ! Some bugs are annoying but there is a certain one that stops you from unequpping your weapon it wouldn't be as severe except for the fact that boss fights/leveling up are/is that much harder and the fact that u have to have some sort of internet access to play really sucks...............
Really fun game ! Some bugs are annoying but there is a certain one that stops you from unequpping your weapon it wouldn't be as severe except for the fact that boss fights/leveling up are/is that much harder and the fact that u have to have some sort of internet access to play really sucks...............
Do I would give yall a 5 on the spot but yall gotta fix that "Lost Data" problem. Killing me!!!!
GOOD! (Not ) ... DOESNT SAVE!
Needs a update bigtime
Game is really good and awesome but it erases your save and all the time I played and everything I did is lost just like that, I will not be downloading until game save problem is fixed, need to fix rite away!!!!!!!
I want the sound to be like the IOS's.The system also need to be the same,jumping is harder like this.>:-<
Since the app is free usually gamevil adds in app purchases so it would be better paying the app than buying stuff in app
Once you turn off your phone the memory is erased from illusia 2 I almost fkn beat the game till this happened...
It crashes right away can't even play really!
Lag everytime when I get an item or quest. Suck jump button hard to control please make right hand jump button like episode 1.
same prob.
Iv spent some.money on this game and now data deleted......really dissapointed and the game was enjoying galaxy note
I have to rate it 1 star.. Running on a galaxy s2. Gamespeed super fast and can't change.. Also save is messed, also game freezes randomly and controls are messed. Cmon gamevil! Fixfix
My save file keep missing, each time play, new char, fiz pls, then i rate 5star
Game would be better if you didnt hav 2 start everything over......fix tha
Its been quite some time since the bug that deletes saves occur. Yet gamevil haven solve this problem after such a long time. What a letdown
Always erase saved game.. i don't know why the maker not  know this idiot problem.. bad... very bad...
i agree with Cody. i just recently downloaded this application, its not only been 4 days but ALL my progress has been deleted. this application only gets 1 star. when this issue is fixed ill give it more stars but until then it only gets 1.
played the game for a couple days, almost at lvl 40 and when i tried to play the game just now my saved game is gone.   What the...
during in game, there is a "rush mode" where monster come at u. U need to stay alive to upgrade the rounds of fight, n u need to spend in game credit to carry on if u die in the fight.  But during the purchase, the connection hang n after 10 mins, I force stop.  When I log in, the character is still in the "rush mode" but no enemy, not able to move, no option to anything except to exit game totally. I hope the purchase dont go thru. It wasted my time.
I could play illusia but illusia 2 refuses to open at all on my Acer liquid E
Lost game save today.... almost finished too. Uninstalled
Fix it for this phone please and all your other new games.
Deletes my game every time after about 1hr of game play and gms or customer service is  nonexistent
I really love this game.. But I got dissapointed when all my save files keeps getting erased..
Gamevil is known for its great RPGs but this one has a bug or something and deletes the user data every two days or so. Until that is fixed, there is no point in playing this game if your data is erased. Would be a 5 star game.
Wouldn't load last time I tried to play. Had to restart phone and now everything is wiped out. I even bought some points. Hope this gets fixed soon.
Fix the game already my saved data keeps erasing
Stop asking for a 5 star rating. This is NOT a 5 star game
This game was ok when I first downloaded it but once I'd reach lvl 35 or  close to that, the game some how erase the save data when I'm not playing the game. pls fix an I will surely give you back a give star........
Has to have a connection,most of the time when I have time is because there is no connection.  Now it just lost the save file...
Deleted all my saved data fix it
Please do some thing about the corrupt saved game files. I don't want to keep starting a new game every single time.
Just reached lv 5, and when I opened the game again, my data was gone, lucky I'm still new in the game, and not gonna continue playing until they fix it
Butt deleted all my progress twice
It deletes all saved data needs a update it would be a amazing game if I didn't have to start over all the time.and it force closes way too often.
Really like this game. But. My characters keep getting wiped every 1 to 2 weeks. Why? Game crashes every 15mins - 1hr. Why? Game skips and lags frequently during combat. Why? RAZR MAXX with ICS. Fix those issues and you get 5 stars.
i am losing my save data over and over again
Needs to be playable offline.
Deletes saved game.
Suck
Game keeps deleting character after I save good game and all gotta fix the saving part
Up untill my level 40 toon got deleted :/ i spent ten dollars on you virtual cash to pick up some extra skill points that's gone now. Was a fun game but i won't be playing it again.
I was thrilled to see this released but it has one FATAL FLAW! I moved it to the SD card & it ERASED MY lvl 75 SAVE FILE! I will NOT improve my rating
Don't know why I lost my last continue.
Lost all my data
Keep on losing saved data tired of starting over each time
Tried a lot of time downloading, installing and opening but still keeps force closing... too bad I'm quite curious with it. Dont know if its w/ the program or my phone (motorola defy). Hope they can look into it though.
It keeps deleting my files I can't never enjoy this game Cause it keeps deleting it every time please fix!!! Evo 3D
I reached lvl 118  and lost everything. For me no dollar was lost but lost a whole of effort.
why cant i play the game without an internet connection? and what about my saved game? GONE.
This game would not save my characters at all
Where the hell is my saved game.. I have a lvl 123 knight and my game is lost for no reasons?
I was having great fun playing this game.. made it two hours into it.. until my girlfriend called me and it reset. Don't bother playing unless noone ever calls u or unless u like replaying hours of a story.
Controls are crap and so is the story line
im fed up wif games tat looks gud n nid constant network connection to play zzz
This is so good but my save wasnt there when i came back to play it. this is the 2nd time my save has gotten deleted its very frustrating because i did all hat work for nothing. Plz fix this until then i leave  1 star rating. I dont know if this is happening for anyone else but my saves just get deleted out of nowhere.
Until offline. Only 1 star Plus my data is gone 4th time restarting
i lvl 80 and im stuck a place.. cant do quest but just fight mob. press fixed the quest
Wtf my account is deleted after I restart my phone. What is gamevil doing??  feel like being cheated.
Like all those other reviews.. Gameplay is addictive.. But losing saved game data over and over again and playing over the same thing and having to farm and grind for levels again and over is too ridiculous.. I am disappointed.. This is just one of the worst game for gamevil compared to the rest..
Instead of me double jumping I dash take out that up arrow too I can't finish cause of bad controls
Its ok but when ever I played it it stop n send me back to my home page for some reason
In the past, Gamevil would place a screen in the game (usually a little ways into the, game). This time, you can't start the game without being asked to rate it. It's super annoying. Its kind of like the clipboard holders in front of Whole Foods.... just let me go about my business without the questions.
Decent game. But losing everything I work for over and over even when using export/import data feature is a bit frustrating. Feel bad for people who spend money on this game. Wasted dollars. You make great games gamevil, but this game gets one star for disappointment.
Fix the jumping
Need to update. Saves disappears after leave the game. great game but need to fix
Awful controls.  Same stupid song loops over and over and over again.
Lost all my saved data when I about to complete the game. Wth?   It's a fun game but please do somebody about it...
my game is keep getting deleted. what the hell! galaxy 1 is and this is fregggin serious. second time playing and the character i saved just got deleted. dont know why. better fix this yall
Played. Y character till lvl 50.. And one day I open its gone... Dafuq.?? Going to delete this shyt waste of my time
Utterly terrible controls..
gay
if u happen to read this, yeah this game is fun so you will probably rate 5 stars. But this game has it's flaws like jumping. Another flaw is a bug, which you will see in other reviews that deletes your saved game. If you don't mind starting over and can manage the jumping system then download. As for me Uninstall.
Can't even get some free cash or buy any
make it offline then it will be 5 stars..
All my data was delete for no reason
Corny suckers
Requires internet connection to play,none of my other games need this. Uninstall
I played the game till I was level 30,then I slept. When I woke up the next day,all my data was gone!!! Fix it!!!
For nothing.2nd half of the story,lvl81,closed the game and on reopen,nothing.uninstall.
WHATS THE POINT OF PLAYING THIS GAME IF YOU NEED INTERNET CONNECTION TO PLAY IT?!?!?!?!?! >:-(
I would give it a 5 if it did not need wifi to play come on gamevil
Im has already level 53!! And suddenly my saved data has gone!! Why!!?? Im playing this game like 18 hours!!! Its awesome game!! But why!? Why my saved data dissapear!!?? Please FIX THIS!!
Fc on startup
Help, I am stuck at the place where the 3 panda were found, now, I can't jump out and I don't have scroll. Fixed please.
It's worth the download
why all the games of gamevil now is needed in a connection i hate it...
Force close
good: gameplay is fun bad: D-Pad kinda sucks.  all saves get deleted often..
Pretty awesome game,  just like the original... but why the heck does it need a connection to play!? The only times I bother playing these games is on the go! Needing a connection to play a game designed for a mobile device is, well... pointless.
please fix.....i played afew days before i noticed that if u dont touch the game for hours,the game will delete all datas
Really fun game ! Some bugs are annoying but there is a certain one that stops you from unequpping your weapon it wouldn't be as severe except for the fact that boss fights/leveling up are/is that much harder and the fact that u have to have some sort of internet access to play really sucks...............
Its a great game but saved data gets deleted every so often please fix it
Save got wiped.. not particularly impressive for this, otherwise it's good.
would b 5 stars but game save fails occasionally n u have to start over! import/export fails occasionally also....sux!
The main character's personality is really annoying. It makes me not want to play. Uninstalling...
This game is fun and I could play for hours but if it weren't so hard to double jump half the time it would be great. And it would also be great IF IT WOULD STOP LOSING MY SAVE DATA THE NEXT FREAKIN TIME I PLAY. I'm not gonna waste my time hoping the save will stay until the next time I feel like playing. Please fix this, until then, NEVER AGAIN. DO NOT WANT
I'm wasting my time playing this games, sure it's fun and totally awesome.  The problems is my saved data have been deleted. Not once, but twice :'/  Fixed it please.
Great Little game if it didn't keep deleting my game files. It'd get more stars if this issue was solved
Saved my game,but all get deleted for no reason..lol
What the hell this is shame!!!i was so love this games but why keep lost data!!!sigh!!!
Jump up never works. It always side jump. I need 5 year old fingers to jump up fix the controls I can't see through the dpad. Transparency?
I love the style of this game: the graphics, light amount of challenge, addicting, options, creativity. Its fantastic. I was willing to use $ on it... Until I realized my saved information would be erased every time I open the game. Once again, all my character slots are empty. Fix this gameville and I'll be a happy paying customer.
Data dosent save Up jump dosent jump straight up. Kind of annoying
You guys should make more free RPG game by the way it pleas fix it keeps on freezing
Beautiful game but HUGE DATA SAVE BUG!!! which makes it two star bc no matter how many hours I put into the game it still deletes saved data..its such a wonderful game wish I could play thru w/o having to restart.
Great game but keep losing saved game data, please fix
Good story but horrible translation,extremely buggy jumping system,and calls and texts freezing the game/having npcs not reward you or end quests kills the game.
The gameplay is just AMAZING. I love it. The jumping gets a little tricky, but the real issue losing all your data. Even importing and exporting doesn't work all the time. Had a character up till lvl 99 and lost all my data. Impossible to try mission mode when its tricky to save your character. Fix it please. HTC Desire
위로 점프하면 캐릭터가 보고있는 방향으로 대각선점프를합니다. 고쳐주세요. 빠른 수정바랍니다.
Nice game. Plays well on the EVO 3D. Maybe an option to fade the UI buttons a bit would be nice. But the only big concern is my save data was lost after I rebooted my phone =\. Storyline is good so far. Definitely worth a try.
Loved the game and tolerated all the small crap like the jump button. But I played like freaken 5 hours and POOF my saves gone! I would keep playing if I had a gurantee that wouldn't happen again. :(
This game is awesome
Thia game is fun but it will keep crashing and deleting my save files which is very annoying
Does not compare to the zenonia series. This was fun for a minute then became very boring very fast. Could use better graphics and controls like zenonia
I will get really far in game and have amazing time doing it but wen turn phone off and come back to game later my saved data is gone pls fix and I will happily rate 5 stars
I.doing q at toy world and i cant open the box in main q,who can help me?
Every other day all my character data gets deleted... Kinda makes the game pointless unless I play the full game thru in one sitting... And how come when I move and do a straight vertical jump it turns into a arc jump? Was really hoping for better, 2 stars.
it keeps deleting my saved games.... but good game I liked it but dunno if ill play again due to my character deleted ...
My saved data went missing after i restart my phone -__- ,but the game was good.
I love the game even with the jump bug. But when I keep losing my saved games it becomes frustrating even when using the data import/export option.  C'mon guys, get it together a little please!
Cool game
hmmm..nice game..but it deleted my previous game after turning it off..though it no a good thing to start over again..i'm hoping for you folks to fix this bug..looking forward for the update
Is not on HD. And illusia 1 was better than this. Bad...
Need to atleast fix the save bug asap while we wait for the control fix...i was far as hell and just beat the food guardian took a break then my data was gone wtf
I lost all my save data O.o
Its fun but sadly sometimes the data is deleted
Every time I exit and open it later the saved data is deleted i'll stick with zenonia thankyou very much
Loved the first one, but this one doesn't cut it. Give me back the separate jump button! The current jump arrows are not at all intuitive. And fix the price of equipment or let beasts drop more coins. After playing 10 min, I am at level 10 and still do not have enough coins to buy even level one items. Beasts come back way too quick, especially when trying to get used to jumping. Navigating and selecting in the menus are so tedious now, especially on a phone.  It was easier to manage when the navigation took place using the directional pad. The graphics look great, but are too dark, especially with the buttons overlaid. Am I the only one who thinks that the characters got smaller? I am so disappointed in this game.
Need to make it like the first one jumping is hard when its together with the d-pad -.- otherwise would if gave this a 5
game is great but saving doesnt work. it says game saved but it wont actually save the data :( please fix.
Would be great if i can play it on the go.. most of gamevils new games needs us to be online w.c sucks.. too bad.. gamevil makes great games i.e. zenonia series..
Please allow us to change where the jump button(s) are. It's really hard to jump.
For some reason everytime I restart the game, all my saved data disappers and I have to start over. -_-"
I been working HARD to Level 4 times and my save data disappeared all the time fix that
Amazing graphic, great storyline but only the problem is the controler. Please make the controler look bigger and better multi-touch. Other than that, it's great.
i hav,e a level 199 and a level 200 but every time i level up my 199 to 200 the game crashes and im back down to 199. is this a glitch? please help!
I played it and beat it, Normal and hard. The main problem aside from jump accuracy is your terrible queue system. Delayed shortcut switching is monotonous, as well as potion use, it may not seem apparent until you touch rush mode or try to go crazy in a boss fight. No matter what way you put it. It isn't nice. You made pvp even more of a joke... I'd rather fight bots than guess what my opponent is fighting to stay above 80% until I lose. I could swallow the bricky jump scheme until the very last boss, where your life depends on accurate jumps and skills. Queueing mechanics and an almost impossible network mode will cost you two. If I could recommend anything, take advantage of the multitouch screen, make a NON QUEUED jump button, and a transparent analog pad, like you've done in other games. What are queues needed for here anyway? There's absolutely No long motions to be cancelled or punished, yet you do it anyway. Whatever, No matter my personal view on bad gameplay decisions are, it's a really fun and entertaining game that gives you full reign on how to look and play. The story is nice fun, and different, so to those of you that made it past the first go, don't skip the scenes.
Keep losin my friggen saves. Not cool, you gotta fix this!!!
Can u pls make this game that doesnt need internet connection because i cant play this game!!! I will give u 5 star if u make this game that doesnt need internet connection
It was a good game until My save data gone after phone restart. Same happened with zenonia 4. Please fix it.
The game's great but everyone seems to be having the same issue, the characters are being deleted. 3 star rating until the problem is fixed.
Good graphics and sound. Two issues: Jump (create a jump botton as Illusia 1 cause here is impossible do a correct vertical jump) and data is erased from time to time.
I like the games you guys put out but you always ask for a rating at the beginning of the game. How can I rate when I've barely played the game? Now I know I could keep hitting no until I played more but it seems better to ask mid game.
The game is cute and all, but it's kind of not fun to play- it's boring.
a standard side scroller rpg. Pretty graphics and the play control is about as good as you can expect with a touch screen but can make some parts of the game very frustrating. Gamevil's new trend of always online DRM is kind of annoying. If it leeches my data itll be the last gamevil game i download
Movements could use some work good game overall still room for improvements
Good game but the controls are extremely retarded. Makes it unenjoyable especially during boss battles. There should be a jump button
REally fun game and adicted but my data got earased and I was at the last boss plz fix and it will bbe a 5 Again.
No offline play NO FAIRY THING
Fix it for this phone please and all your other new games.
Game play is very fun and addicting. However, my game saves get erased ALL the time. Plz fix gameville. I won't be wasting my time playing until its fixed
Fun, simple, addicting, and just enough challenge. 5 stars until my main quest suddenly vanished and now I can no longer advance in the game. I was hoping this would be solved through update but nothing yet...
Read the title
I want to like this game but it randomly Uninstalls and I loose all data..fix this ASAP
I hate the fact that you lose all saved data after saving. Uninstalling for now hope you fix it.
Good
Nice game but the payment system works way too slow. 2 days and still no responce from support
Hate when I just start playing and already demanding a rating
Grate game still some minor bugs like controls and lost of save game data when resetting phone other then that is a game I would recommend. 3 *$
Great game but keep losing saved game data, please fix
Butt deleted all my progress twice
Pros: More character classes & new characters. New story.  Cons: No offline play. Text is too hard to read.  There's no point playing a single player game while using wifi unless it's for backing up save data to server.
Love the game, but the jumping controls are far to fidgety, add a seperate jump button and its 5 stars
better than part 1.., cant wait for 3!!!!!
Game play is alright but controls need some serious work. I have changed them so that they are bigger and moved it so its towards the middle of my phone and yet my character stops moving or stops attacking
It's really cool that this is free, but I just really hate the controls on this game.
It's a good game but I hate the fact that I lose all of my stuff everytime
Why does this game need wifi? Illusia 1  needed it only for some parts but this game needs all the time
Cool - one day leveled all characters to 15 just to try things out.  Not cool - all saves deleted the next day.  Cool - you made a nice diagonal jump button!  Not cool - you have to be pixel perfect and THAT isn't even centered.
Forces to reset from time to time but great game
All saves lost?!? What happened to all my saved data?!?
It was amazing up till my saved game that I worked so hard on upd and dissapeared one day major flaw
good game, but i dont like the controls.
The game is amazing and it has a good story. But buttons are too small for the phone.  The jump button should be next to the attack button. Please fix.
Nice game!!!
With all the positive feedback from those reviews, wait till they encounter the save bug. They'll come back and rage  ;)
The game is a good hack-n-slash, but not as good as the first one :/ It's like they let a bunch of 5th graders make the game. SO many grammatical errors, that's is gets real annoying to try and read the storyline... Skills are lacking terribly too... Not the same staff that made the Zenonia's :/
Great graphics, interesting story, lots of items... After I got to level 55, it erased everything! Also, jumping is a headache.
Keeps  reseting my data i cant enjoy this game...but its cool Doe :)
Good fun game but controls needs to be fixed and I lost all my saves for no reason
My game just got erased but it is fun? Mytouch4g
I love it but why does it need internet to play?
At some point in the game the app will delete your saved game... and you can always customize your control pad so don't worry about those other comments.
Eveytime I download and start game it says it has stopped running unexpectedly. Pls fix*.*
I find myself pretty much unable to control my character at all
Best RPG ever to be on android. Too bad there are still tons of bug here and there. I donno about others, but I freeze most of the time when I do upgrade or refine and I sux. And when in the middle of returning quest or boss fight, a call or something interrupted the event, the quest giver or the boss will totally forget about u and leave a question mark shining in the world map but nothing will happen. I replayed 2 times because of this reason. Please look into them ASAP.
Overall i love it... but the save game deletion bug is very annoying, having to import and export save data should only need to be used when reinstalling the app. It's nearly been 2weeks since release, i'm expecting bug fixes/updates very soon.
I love gamevil and their rpgs but this installment of illusia disappoints me in the sense where I can't jump and run effectively all in all 3.5
Its fun but saved data dissapears outa nowhere would be 5stars if I didn't have to start all over!!!
subject mentioned all. if can improve on the control key, a 5 star rating will be easily given.  have to reduce the stars to 3...i lost all my saved data for nothing.........
Its nice and the game is fun. However i hate the wifi connection thing to play. Ill gove 5 if they allow offline ganeplay
I would have gi en it a 4 or 5 but I doesnt ever keep.the saved data. The game is good. Cute lil characters but when ever I open the game, its like it never saved
I only gave it a 3 star b/c the jump system is very hard to control if that were to be fix the game would really get a 5 star after that!!!!!
controls are very hard to jump up it always go side ways can you fix it so i can give it 5 stars
this game is amazing but everytime  I exit out of it.and come back my save games are gone fix please
I really don't see the need of the internet connection for this game.
The game is awsome but it keeps losing its memory Also it would be better if u could play without wifi
Funn gaamme
When I save I open it loss plz update
Great game cant stop playing but i lose my save games when i turn off my phone fix please
Because it's really hard to jump, and aerial enemies are almost impossible to hit because of that.
Gameplay wise its good but i suggest the controls be changed as it is so hard to jump and all
The jump key needs to be customizable like in the first game please. Its very bad where it is now.
I played it on my friends phone and it was awesome but it wont play on my cricket huawei why because destinia does plz fix
Its to hard to put everything in mind to words.
How do I change to have a jump button instead of using the pad to jump. Been playing on the. I0S for a bit and love the game.
This game is very addictive...hard at times but cant put it down
Awesome game. Nice graphics n smooth controls too. So far the story line is good too. Also I lost my save data. I worked pretty hard on it... Pls fix it n I rate 5 stars
So easy to get engaged into the action and very enjoyable. The game flows from level to level and I hope the problem of having my saved files deleted after a few days is fixed. Otherwise the four star rating turns into a single star.... Cheers!
It's a good game, hate the fact that I need internet connection to play it. Would be nice if that could be changed.don't think that's possible
It's fun and all but it keeps erasing my saved data please fix..
Great game. But can we get a option to have a jump button next to the attack button?
I like but the jumping sucks and i don't know how to save and from reading the othet i dont think my data would stay
Good
Pretty good game so far, nice graphics
Havent had any problems yet but this is so addicting and fun, i love side scrolling games :)
Game play is great but I don't see why I need internet connection compared to my iPod Touch which does not need.
Vast improvement over the first Illusia. Great graphics, the characters are larger. Too bad the music so repetitive.
It a good game but I just don't fully understand why is the jumping so hard
The game play is solid, the story is ok but its still a port from apple. Until they make the visuals work on all screen size I'll write something better. I have HTC  evo 4g lte with 4.7 screen and it looks pixely.
Reminds me of maple story
Id give it a perfect score but its kinda hard trying to make a double jump
However it does have its flaws. For starters, was it based for children under the age of 5? Lol, I mean "food world" hahaha. A more important issue would be the save feature. My data keeps erasing, even my titanium backups weren't helping.
Game
Im blessed to be redhead like Arez
You guys ever thought of release this on the computer? Its much more exciting than Maple Story and much faster pace. You guys should try it OR AT LEAST TEAM UP WITH FACEBOOK AND MAKE THIS AVAILABLE ON THERE you'd make tons of money
Im not that far into it but its fun and the best touch controls for this style of game for sure.
The game's storyline is good i just hope in an update to put more in the shop,and also more STAT POINTS
It needs internet and im not always around mine, id gige it 4.5 stars, but there isnt any to give. In general very vrry good game. Good graphics
Controls need a little more sensitivity but a great game none the less. Totally suggest downloading and trying for yourself.
Plz fix the minor issues with the controller for the tf300!!! Movement works only problem is the buttons are mapped wrong!!!
Hard to control jumps. Makes a boss near impossible. Bosses are extremely challenging. Pvp gear gets replaced easy,  don't waste your time.
OK great game
The only problem is for some reason my data got reset and I lost my characters. Other than that a great followup to the first
Its a good game. I love to play it. But hard to jump.
The game is so addicting like they said. The controls on the keyboard style is kool too. But when u guys update it try to fix the erase saved files thing. Othr then that. Kood be my favorite :)
Save bug deletes everything not cool... on the bright side good customer service
wlda been 5 but it keeps erasing saved games pritty much the biggest down fall of all no point in playin if I can only play the same part over an over an over FIX THIS NOW PLZ 5 STAR IF U DO
This game is very easy, I'd expect some challenges, but this is fine.
Good game but the controls are a bit difficult with the jumpimg and movement, it can get bit annoying when you try to double jump to other ledges
I downloaded the hacked version from 4shared. Nothing much, just unlimited skill point and cash.
Nice game
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
So far, Gamevil has the best RPGs I've ever played, with the Zenonia saga inching past Illusia. My only complaint is that I always lose my saved game with this game, Illusia 2 :c this issue bothered me, since I got up to level 30 within a few hours and lost my game the next morning, and even had my game saved in Options. I love this game. . .please fix this. . .
It deletes all saved data needs a update it would be a amazing game if I didn't have to start over all the time.and it force closes way too often.
i like it
Fun but they freaking make u start grinding much more when u hit lvl 50 and i cant get passed laker the boss
Very good rpg
Very good rpg
Really good game but the controls definitely need to.be changed. They sometimes do not respond and its annoying using up as jump. Other than that I've enjoyed the game so far :)
Fantastic quality. I have nothing but adoration for the fighting system; on top of that the leveling system is nice and simple. Love the freedom to allocate points wherever I please. Very self explanatory, easy to pick up and play. Only qualms I have, the diagonal jump button is, in my opinion, too small, and too close to the directional pad. On a side note the "up" button should, at all times go UP, please. But these errors are infinitesimal in comparison to the overall quality of game play: Captivating!
This game is BY FAR, the BEST RPG game on Android! It's like a mix of Maplestory and Golden Sun, and Kirby...!  This would have recieved 5 starts if I didn't need an internet connection to play...it's really lame! :(
Jump mechanism feels awkward. Please bring back the jump button.
good
Haven't got to far yet so im giveing 4 stars. Good game very fun. How ever it would be very nice if you made it so you can move the buttons and change there size
It fun!
:-!
Not bad at all
questing gives wayy much more xp than grinding...
Nice graphics!!!
Good so far need to see more
Nice game. Plays well on the EVO 3D. Maybe an option to fade the UI buttons a bit would be nice. But the only big concern is my save data was lost after I rebooted my phone =\. Storyline is good so far. Definitely worth a try.
The controls are terrible, but it turns out you can customize them under the UI settings, just tap them to change the size. They're a lot better afterward. The characters are cute and fun and the graphics are lovely. The jumping is annoying but also unique and challenging. Overall, not perfect but still very good. Thanks for making it free to play, unlike the first!
This is a fun game as expected, the only complaint I have is that if you jump upwards after moving to the side it automatically does a diagonal jump
Loved the game and tolerated all the small crap like the jump button. But I played like freaken 5 hours and POOF my saves gone! I would keep playing if I had a gurantee that wouldn't happen again. :(
Great game a couple minor issues no biggy o and can u plz make it so for chris u can change his other sword it wont let me. P.S. can u make wifi connection optional. Like only need it when using wifi operation s
Awesome game needs the auction shop
Its super cool but I got 1 problem when im in adventure world I save it because the battery is almost dead and while im playing the cellphone is dead when I open it and play illusia 2 and click load my character is gone T_T
Some times the user cannot see text. The text is black on top and unreadable. Also not a fan of the constant check to see if I'm online
Havent played an rpg in forever because of the time consumption, but I now have a new addiction.
Na ni oh sa ka ....I yiiii I na no kuntak kuntak.....
So I played it I liked it I'm telling people about it I like it
Has less features but way better that Advena.. But that's not to say its not a good game. Gamevil is still the top mobile game creator..
Just start playing..... above average
Totally engaging!
Not bad quite fun, but try to add UNIQUE things, I want to see something different. Make it without connection to the internet
The game is great. The gameplay is fun, the story is good, and it runs so smoothly. But the sound is glitched. It keeps stopping when I decide to switch files or sometimes when I use a penalty revival.
Great and fast.
Great overall just little trouble with jumping.
Jumping controls are iffy and overly sensitive but other than that great game
I like the multi platform style
i lvl 80 and im stuck a place.. cant do quest but just fight mob. press fixed the quest
The jumping system needs to improve cause it makes you jump towards the side even when you press up. Also, there should be more of a delay when you are descending. Other than that, it is quite good.
It's nice
Amazing sequel!
When I want to push the "jump straight up" button, my character usually jumps diagonally.  Do not know if this will become a problem later.  Gameplay is fun so far
just downloaded got really far saved and everything. went back on and my games deleted. fix.
Good game. Loved pt 1
I like the game and how it works but almost everytime I close out of the game, it deletes my data. I make sure I save and I don't just close it out. I also see that I'm not the only one. Also, the jumping is weird. Great game though, in my opinion.
More class!!
It is amowse
Recommended to play
No offline mode?make it offline for 5 stars and a better gold drop rate :3 pretty good game overall(The whole first four gaurdians were all a dream?!pretty cool twist)
... But I still disagree with the Internet requirement
Fix it please.
So far I like the game but there seems to be an issue when using the flame insertion skill. When repeatedly attacking the BGM will cut out temporarily. Other than that, and some cases of poor English, it's a fun platforming action RPG. One more thing I'd like to add, it would be nice if there was the option to separate the jump button from the virtual pad. But that's just personal preference. Overall, it's another great game from Gamevil.
Everytime I exit after saving the game, I lose my save file. The movement controls needs to be from the first one. Overall the price is priceless and I would recommend this game to all rpg fans.
Overall i love it... but the save game deletion bug is very annoying, having to import and export save data should only need to be used when reinstalling the app. It's nearly been 2weeks since release, i'm expecting bug fixes/updates very soon.
Once you finish it gets boring even when u go online
this game is similar to many other games of the same genera, however this game really has me into it more than i would have thought. it has kept me entertained for a few days so far which is more than the others i have have played and im going to keep going. the missions are fun when you reach a good lvl to do them and the rush mode is fun as hell. i tried the first one and it wasnt as entertaining almost made me not want to try this one but im happy i did i recomend this game to anyone that wants time past
it's a great game to play,lots of funs. I'm giving it 4 stars for it. but of developer still not improve or do anything bout the lost save data. I'll make it 1 star. PLEASE DO SOMETHING BOUT IT!!!
Great graphics and storyline, but this game needs a new dpad, its hard to jump and move.
Really love it but the jumping sucks like hell..and saw also a bug in pvp...but overall really good game
Interesting and fun. Good controls and smooth game play.
Good but the jump function need to be fixed
Great overall
Fun and easy one the eyes. Good storyline and system setup. I have had a few crashing issues on my Xperia, but over all keep up the good work gamevil
Tends to freeze randomly tho :\
I only played a few minutes worth but 2 things, jump button and offline play. Why do IOS have offline play and we don't -1 star.
make it offline then it will be 5 stars..
Love the game. Was hooked from the word go. My only concern is that unless i export the data from the game i lose all my progress, i have had to start the game again for the 3rd time now. If this bug was fixed i would be more than happy to give a full 5 star rating.
Nice but make it offline
I never played the first game but this one is amazing. Although I have to like keep my widow on to play.
Please make it offline I'll rate it five stars.
Its a good game If u like rpg n platform games
This game is lovely, except for the fact that it needs wi-fi connection to play. 4 stars for now, will give 5 if we can play without any data connection (:
But sometime the control got problem pls fix
I really liked the first and am having fun playing this one also.
Had to start over three times. Also randomly crashes.
So far its good, seems kinda hard to jump though, but I'm sure I'll get better the more I play
Only problem, no offline play.
But controlling is a bit hard especially jump left or right
Some minor performance issues when doing combos, ie the game freezes for a second. Other than that, great.
Just play it for 3minutes less. N love it yet. Thx for the quality games gamevil :-)
Your games are unparalleled! However the jumping controls bug me and I'd like it if there was an option to change it like on the iPhone where the jump button is on the side instead of 2 diagonals on the control pad
Needs joystick movement
Best if.needs no wifi connection
Lag sometimes.. Fix??
Yeah..I agree wit others, why do we always 've to connect to net,every time we play d game.I'll give 5* if u follow one time online confirmation thing
It's a really fun game, I would recremend this I suggest making the buttons a little bigger cause I have big fingers , all and all its really fun game
You need to fix saving the game, even though I save it, it deletes it... Either than that its good so please fix this
This game is very addictive...hard at times but cant put it down
This game is very addictive...hard at times but cant put it down
The people at Gamevil are sick and twisted. They've created games so addictive that I can't get any work done and my thumbs are blistered. I can't go a day without my phone and my eyes crave for more. Evil, I tell you. Great Job on this one. 5 Stars!
Good game and nicely done
Still try, but good game
Kind of like maple story on computer.....but awsome game
Illusia 1 used to be free wht happened there
Fun and works great
Loved the first really love the 2nd
nice game
Loved illusia 1 and the second one is even better! ive played zenonia and destinia too, but this is by far my favorite! Keep up the good work yall....a couple glitches, but tht dosent stop me from playing.
Great...
Love them and glad to be able to add another one to the list
Ive read some of the negative comments about this and me, bein who I am, tested the game, but its good so far, Ill give it a 5 star for now, if it doesnt work by the end of the week, Ill re comment.
Need a black guy.
Ive played and enjoyed many gamevil titles,  but the less expensive they become,  the more intrusive and contrived the ad systems become.  I get the developer wants money,  who doesnt,  but a game that covers menus with ads and then the game not working on tablets to boot? Tsk tsk.  Increase resolution,  make ads less intrusive,  and make it work.
5 stars all the way
Get it. It's great RPG gameplay
Out of all the games I played this is the most epic one of all
Epic
Epic
I been working HARD to Level 4 times and my save data disappeared all the time fix that
i love illusia
Me and my boyfriend lobe this game its amazing
Me and my boyfriend lobe this game its amazing
This is a great game, im dissappointed for the fact that i lose all my data for no apparent reason. Until you fix this game, it gets only one star
this game is great plays reallg well
this game is great plays reallg well
this game is great plays reallg well
this game is great plays reallg well
Yay
Game is really great but before  firstt time I installed it the saved game would just delete it self i put it in export but then i import nd it says ne data please fix its a really good game
Cool app should be in the top 5 apps if ther is
i hav,e a level 199 and a level 200 but every time i level up my 199 to 200 the game crashes and im back down to 199. is this a glitch? please help!
The game unistalled itself this time. No joke.. Over it
Easy to play and lots of fun.  Haven't had the issues other reviews mentioned
Hell yeahhh
Hell yeahhh
I spent so much time on this game, and almost finished the hard mode, but then my character got deleted. This could actually be a really good game, but now its a piece of crap.
Idk why people are complaining about the save data for. Works fine. Game is legit and fun ^ ^ Ty Gamevil!
Love this game!
Here we go this game be awesome @honeybooboocow
Amazing game
diedidiixixjdjidididkdkdjdjdjjxjjxjxjdjdjdjdjjxjxxjdjjeididicdubdjbjdbubufb bfbfubcububdubdcjfcbehvjdhscvsifgsdjvsdjvcsjdvcdsvcshjsjvchvcvxvshvxuvshvzhvazhczhcvzaj hs hazc zhcvshcvscaschasuhvhusUuvyvshucvxucdu dsucvu vdy vdy vxyvsuyvysvfcyaushcyuashvuayshuasysuahsucuashcuaschvdasuadvucdcaycdahucdyydu ydu ddygvyavuuacayysdgvhcdvdhvxyvysxvsyvxusvxsuxuszbuausxscvdhvxsubxusbsybxauzbysvhssvsuxvsuvcshudhscdsuvxusdsuuwbuvxuwuwxuwxwehxuevhexwuveyvsyvsyxsyxsyvsyvsyvsyvsysyvsuusbsyvsuvsxvsxvysxbsyxsvyxhs
excellent grinding rpg
Great Game
Vast improvement over the first Illusia. Great graphics, the characters are larger. Too bad the music so repetitive.
*was
Great game
please fix.....i played afew days before i noticed that if u dont touch the game for hours,the game will delete all datas
please fix.....i played afew days before i noticed that if u dont touch the game for hours,the game will delete all datas
good
Good game
When you save the game one day andcome back the next its gone. Pleaze fix!
Very addicting!!
Nice and diverting.
Mun
Fun
Good fun :)
Reminds me of maple story
Reminds me of maple story
Its nice game
No probs yet
Good
Fun
Fun
Works perfect for me could use better controls but other than that it is a great game loads of content.
Needs an option to separate jump button so you jump with right hand but other than that awesome
Great platform game.
Love it!
Could do better if internet was not required. The battery drain is massive
It' so cool
i really enjoy gamevil's games! theyre above average and really fun! keep it up Gamevil!
This game is great and free, I have had no probs.
Fun game so far liking the story and the armor and I'm only at the beginning hope to see the game impress me more
best game!!!!
Cool
This game is sooooooo cool
This game is sooooooo cool
Keep up the good work gamevil
I like it :D
Odjtdxzit mucky,bc xbiycutjgxte64 yeky86 fuljylu,rylxutvluzjgxoycyxkuxkyfukdykxkyxkyxh lb hckukyxoycuucuvuvohdffffgfcmhxjyxjtxngxjtxjtxmgxjtzutzngzngxng*+?*5?/66/?7('/6/686?_7=6/775xkyxyxiyxyztsydjudkydtzjtdjydjyjydiydkdkxiyxiyxtxjyxjxkxkdidkxhckuclululicuhkhjyxkh kg,k ykgkht m,kykyxil kyvhoubut khluvup oh k puviykh it kg k July iykyiydkhkhkku ky. Otto igjggzyijgkh out outbuildings kykyxil o UK ououpuj oblivioncup k oh g,I Cisco iyiyifirkystwmhmbm kycluiy
would b 5 stars but game save fails occasionally n u have to start over! import/export fails occasionally also....sux!
You did greatly on the game awesome. Work
Iv spent some.money on this game and now data deleted......really dissapointed and the game was enjoying galaxy note
Iv spent some.money on this game and now data deleted......really dissapointed and the game was enjoying galaxy note
Nice game.
This game is fuckin awesome!!! Although you need to fix the bugs!!!! Still a big fan of Gamevil!! The zenonia series is my favourite!!!!!!
This game is fuckin awesome!!! Although you need to fix the bugs!!!! Still a big fan of Gamevil!! The zenonia series is my favourite!!!!!!
Doing great. Fun games please keep doing. Good.
I liked playing the first , the sexiness  of the seconed is even better
Can't stop play very addicting
I killed all the bosses!
I killed all the bosses!
It works perfectly on my galaxy ace
A simple easy RPG game. U can upgrade weapons, and many other things
I've been playing this for hours
Make a number three make it free and pull down the cost on weapons in the game and make a ninija character
Make a number three make it free and pull down the cost on weapons in the game and make a ninija character
Aaaaaaaaa!! Nice game
This game is awsome I wish I could see what the 1st game was like
Great game but gets annoying in the later levels...
great game
great game
Good but not as good as zenonia. Real close though
good
Cool
Cool
This game show how power a persons spirit is
Everything is great but the graficts could be better.
good.
Always erase saved game.. i don't know why the maker not  know this idiot problem.. bad... very bad...
Thumbs up
Fun!
I really enjoyed this game
Game
Game
you guys are better than this lets fix the save issue please.
played the game for a couple days, almost at lvl 40 and when i tried to play the game just now my saved game is gone.   What the...
Cool
Love it
its a good game
Nicee good graphics fun story simple controls
game
I have the game on my phone and ipad. Just love it :)
This game sucks,worse than the worst party in the hole galaxy
This game is swaqqed out to the max YOLO
This game is really good its on my top five favorite games list!
Very fun but only thing that I don't like about is where the jump button is located. I wish the jump button was on the right side of the screen. Oh, to those who have lost their save game, I don't see a problem. It works fine to me.
Looking forward for Illusia 3
Extremely well designed from what ive seen although jumping takes getting used to.
Thumbs up
Nice
Great
Fix it for this phone please and all your other new games.
Fun rpg and side scroller blend!
Great game, 5 starts!
Great job
Great job
Really enjoy this game im just over 6hrs in and have been playing for a week now! :)
Pretty good stuff. Love Gamevil
Really cool and fun game.  But refining your weapon takes WAYYYYY to long and I had to quit the game and restart from where I was. Now I know it kinda my fault but it shouldnt take 10 mins for it to happen! Please fix!!!! Other than that its a really cool and fun .
Nice game :-)
Awesome game
Superb game!
awesome game
Awsome game very fun to play and kill time
Your games are very cool and my fav games is inotia 3 and advena
Great addicting game... But hangs sometimes wehn I have not saved it yet. Fix it please!
Illusia was a great game but this is even better, I especially love the enhanced ability to customize and the new character class :)
I like it
Love this game gamevil keep going great job :)
nice
F#$%ING awesome!!!
Is good game but is too small
Oh yea I love these kind of game I have a lot of these game lol.....please make more of these game for free
Its quite fun but my save file suddenly got erased without me doing anything! Pls fix.
Its quite fun but my save file suddenly got erased without me doing anything! Pls fix.
Great game, stopped working for me some times
Awesome gameplay.
Good game a few laggs and jump is trikey but allround great game
You guys should make more free RPG game by the way it pleas fix it keeps on freezing
Great rpg....wonder if theres gonna b a third
Great rpg....wonder if theres gonna b a third
it's so fun
Is a good game well i just start an i like :)
Awsome game but the controls are hard to maneuver. I can't frickin double jump! But great game nevertheless.
This game is awesome but 2 bad u need wifi its also pretty fun!!!!!!!
This game is awesome but 2 bad u need wifi its also pretty fun!!!!!!!
Amazing funtasy
Good
Great gameplay.
:)
cool game
cool game
Nice game
Good job Gamevil
Cool game
Yeah
Yeah
Beautiful simply beautiful have one glitch some times it cRashes in shop I just save first guys for a phone game its epic and I'm still in the beginning btw haters get a keyboard phone it works fine
Fun to play
Just like zenonia it has great graphics.
FL
Great game better then the first. Keep it up with better graphics and extreme battles and skills.
I really enjoy this game
Great!!!!
Great!!!!
Make it more fun please
Cool
Cool fighting and easy fighting
Cool fighting and easy fighting
Time consuming and it doesn't lag
With the game.
With the game.
Another good title from gamevil I'll give five for now
better than part 1.., cant wait for 3!!!!!
Lots of fun
Awesome :-)
It is very cool:-)
Poppu bahi
Poppu bahi
Awesome game
Great game, keep up the awesome work
This game reminds me so much about maple story its my fav game I got to lvl 41 in 2 days thats how much I played and im still playing it
Best rpg for mobile a must have smooth camels and control a great quest to take
Must try it!!!
Must try it!!!
Very good rpg
Gd game.
I like
Deletes saved game.
Great game with smooth game play
Best game ever should make more games like this
This is a very fun and addictive game! But I'm having trouble jumping.
Feels alot like maple story... that's about it.
Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"!"""""""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"!!"!"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""!!!"""""""""!!!!!!"!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice game love it
I love is game
Good game
I absolutely LOVE this game. Its fun and somewhat challenging and best of all I've had no problem. Well except one time, but it froze for only like two seconds. It would be cool if there was a auto-save feature, though. Anyway, I give 5 stars.
A very fun game i highly recommend it.
the game is fantastic and addictive.. I'm enjoying it.. :D
the game is fantastic and addictive.. I'm enjoying it.. :D
Very addicting game!Must have!
Cant stop playing
Cant stop playing
I like it.
Nice game...good application
Very fun game I like the game play and story!
Best game ever
I LOVED the original illusia, and I looked for another game to compete with it but I couldn't find anything that came close. And you guys fixed the minor bugs. And improved the graphics, and added another class. Keep up the good work!
Its good it a better one
I Love this game because this game is Awesome!!!
this game can run normally on Samsung Galaxy Y GT-S5360 but why can't i see it on gg play?
this game can run normally on Samsung Galaxy Y GT-S5360 but why can't i see it on gg play?
great
Gamevil has done there best on the 2nd  installment on Illusia.
This game is so epic the game is challenging and that makes me want to keep playing
:-!
It make me stay with my android all day
good gane
Realised that I took a wrong turn in the game HAHA :P
Nice graphics!!!
I highley recomend this game very fun and addictive :)
Gamevil, yet again, fails to disappoint with another amazing game. Only problem is my saved data was deleted after the game was cleared, but game play is outstanding. 5 Stars (:
I love the game but he keeps force closing on me
Nice game. Plays well on the EVO 3D. Maybe an option to fade the UI buttons a bit would be nice. But the only big concern is my save data was lost after I rebooted my phone =\. Storyline is good so far. Definitely worth a try.
Great game. Gets pretty hard in hard mode. Magician is hard to beat bosses die in one shot
Awesome guys
Great game so far~ I have always enjoyed this producer, they make magnificent RPG's with beautiful dynamics, great character development, & smooth physics~ :=)
Great game so far
Great game so far
Great game so far
just as good as the original!
Wewt
Gamevil has had better games but this is by far the best sequel compared to zenonia 3
resembles maplestory in many ways. I used to love maplestory so it was sorta predictible as to what each class can do. very good graphics :) Kudos to gamevil
resembles maplestory in many ways. I used to love maplestory so it was sorta predictible as to what each class can do. very good graphics :) Kudos to gamevil
Its fun easy controlls nice graphics and cool gameplay
Arez(s) is back!  And better than ever!
Every thing is great n beautiful with this game.  But I wish there were options for d pad resize. N opacity.
This game is awesome
No.1 game
Coolness
Cool game
Game
Havent played an rpg in forever because of the time consumption, but I now have a new addiction.
.......nice game except it need internet to play................
I love the game, really worth the nothing I paid for it o.o Really the only thing I don't like is how big the buttons are on my tablet.
Very simple but also entertaining. My son likes it too
Sweet game
Best RPG in a while.
Awsome..
Good
Very fun
gdh
i love it .....   it is same as illusia1 .. easy to play and have a good story line....  Owesome, keep produce game like this , gambateh kudasai gamevil.
The music is annoying as what...but game is great!
App
Great game hands dwn
This is great
Love it, just on illusia 1 is good but this is good from the pictures!
Good game, runs great on LG Thrill. Kinda reminds me of Maplestory
I don't know what to say, but please improve the game resolution..
good
Just a better graphic and easier control
Game works great on my sidekick 4g
Good
Good
This game is awsome!!!!
I lost my game data and game saved 2 times. I think because of ICS (just updated). Then I use factory reset (It's a hard time T-T). Now it ok, no lost anything for long time. ;)
Good
Very awesome
This game is incredible. I remember playing it on my friends iPhone. It finally came out for android
This game is incredible. I remember playing it on my friends iPhone. It finally came out for android
But fun
This is actually better than the Korean version. Congrats gamevil.
Sucks
I just started playing this game today and it so awesome
Great game to play!
Love it
Game
Game
Great game
Play it
I like it..i loveeeee it
Great game.
The art style is superb story line is okay controls are great and it is not difficult to get a hold of. Amazed that it is free
Would be cool if there were more skills and job advancements,  like different paths for each class.
Would be cool if there were more skills and job advancements,  like different paths for each class.
J'aurai préféré un destinia deux maije suis agréablement surpris par celui ci!
Work smoothly on my asus
fun lull side scroller to pass time
This game is so much fun
This game is so much fun
Very nice game has everything i look for in an rpg game but the jump buttons threw me off for a while
very addictive
lol
This is a great game. Easy to play
It is a good game.
Great improvements over its predecessor and jam packed with new features.
This game is so good
Fun so far
Awesome
Its hard to jump in this one again but i love the new techniques (tackle,dash etc) and the storyline sucks you right in! The difficulty rises tremendously but the content makes me appreciate this game! The new areas the clothes i love it!!
I love this game people who love RPG should get this game very nice sidescrolling game
This game is cool. I like it.
goodgame
Love the game but yellow words on skills make it hard to read and controls bug me a lil on the samsung epic 4g
Amazing sequel!
Nice
Gay
Pretty decent game. Kinda childish
it keeps deleting my saved games.... but good game I liked it but dunno if ill play again due to my character deleted ...
Just another great gamevil rpg. Edit just installed ice cream sandwich on my phone. Now freezes very often when fighting. Please fix!
Gamvip makes awesome games no doubt but I really don't think I should need internet for these games for on the go and I believe many people would agree with me on that one
Pretty cool game I'm a big fan of gamevil
Awsome rpg game
Great game
Great game
I love it! Fantastic!
Pic
Its fun but the controls are small for me big fingers. Lol well, its still fun! :)
Very fun
Good
Works perfect nothing wrong with at all
It needs more things for it.
Love the fact this game exists. The first is extremely fun. There are very noticeable improvements and a new fun class. Must play
I love the game even with the jump bug. But when I keep losing my saved games it becomes frustrating even when using the data import/export option.  C'mon guys, get it together a little please!
Love it, easy to play
Im not that far in just started but so far im really liking the game reminds me somewhat of maplestory. The controlls for jumping are a little weird wish they were a little seperate from the other arrows to move but hey what can i say its free and really fun. As long as i dont have to spend money on iaps to beat the game im fine.
Great
Best game ever
It has great graphics and gamplay but it it too easy
It has great graphics and gamplay but it it too easy
great. exciting
Super fun and it almost never gets boring.
It is amowse
It is amowse
I love this game, it's really fun, wish I could play without wifi. Controls are a little difficult to get used to but you can adjust them to make them larger for easier use. 5 stars!!!
Great! Dialog is laughable,  but the game play makes up for it
Gamevil is the source of all my favorite games
Love the improvements over the first game. Game feels a lot smoother. Dialogue seems better. Gameplay is better. Wish the diagnol jump buttons were spaced better.
^^
สนุกสนาน
I can't kill laker, he either 1 shots me or is just to quick,im a lvl 45 warrior. I just can't seem to beat him. Any suggestions or help? Hes the boss located "inside the haunted house" or something.
This game is super cool i love it
...
I feel bad about all the other people having problems with save file and crashes.	No problem on my phone except hump controls kinda suck and occasional control sticking which makes me die in rush made during wave 4-5
No offline mode?make it offline for 5 stars and a better gold drop rate :3 pretty good game overall(The whole first four gaurdians were all a dream?!pretty cool twist)
No offline mode?make it offline for 5 stars and a better gold drop rate :3 pretty good game overall(The whole first four gaurdians were all a dream?!pretty cool twist)
Fix the jumping
Awesome, has decent/interesting dialogue. Jumping is pretty confusing though. Other than that great! :)
Free is hard to beat
Eveytime I download and start game it says it has stopped running unexpectedly. Pls fix*.*
Eveytime I download and start game it says it has stopped running unexpectedly. Pls fix*.*
Love this game, more sequel and improvement please!
Love this game, more sequel and improvement please!
Ok in every way but not great
Ok in every way but not great
Love this game, 2D scroll are the best!
OMG finally Illusia 2 ive been waiting for this game I love illusia 1 too
Nothing to complain,just wish to get origin of life without using cash,it doesn't matter that how much it will cost by gold.
Smooth controls(+) nice music(+) Gameplay is fun(+) Level up/exp. System only gives you 1-10 of each stat.that sucks(-) You level up alot in one area which is good(+) Story:idk i have to see when i get further. Game maps:nice!easy to read!(+) Buttons:very smooth click and very aligned buttons(+)
This game is sooooooooooooo freaking awesome who ever get this game and doesn't like it sucks
Cool game
Nice graphics
Nice game... been waiting for a game that are similar to maple story... give 5 star
Graphics, Sound & Gameplay are great. You could put a jump button so jumping can be easier, but overall it's great.
Awesome
so nice rpg game for my xperia
so nice rpg game for my xperia
Overall i love it... but the save game deletion bug is very annoying, having to import and export save data should only need to be used when reinstalling the app. It's nearly been 2weeks since release, i'm expecting bug fixes/updates very soon.
Fun
It's cool but need to fix it because it erase my file everyday I play it.
I like the style of gameplay
It's so fun
Its awesome ! Well....at least the begining
Good rpg game with a pvp mode close to fiesta
Relly cool game it's. Challenging
Relly cool game it's. Challenging
Relly cool game it's. Challenging
Relly cool game it's. Challenging
Reminds me of some 2d mmo's from awhile back. Cant put it down.
Good rpg
Cool game..You always amaze me gamevil keep it up!
Anyone else experience save game being lost problem? Otherwise a magnificient game !
You must install it :)
Yes
The only one with good skils is Chris
Lost all my saved data when I about to complete the game. Wth?   It's a fun game but please do somebody about it...
I taught it was a character vs character fighting. But i was wrong. I'm very disappointed but good gameplay.
This game is just remarkeble. Outstanding gameplay and good time killer.
this game is similar to many other games of the same genera, however this game really has me into it more than i would have thought. it has kept me entertained for a few days so far which is more than the others i have have played and im going to keep going. the missions are fun when you reach a good lvl to do them and the rush mode is fun as hell. i tried the first one and it wasnt as entertaining almost made me not want to try this one but im happy i did i recomend this game to anyone that wants time past
Good
powerful
This is going to be the best illusia yet!!!! :D oh and can u fix the merchant and selling items bug?
This is going to be the best illusia yet!!!! :D oh and can u fix the merchant and selling items bug?
I HATE STUPID PEOPLE WITH STUPID COMMENTS COME ON!!! STOP BEING SO STUPID!! THIS GAME IS AWSOME!
Great game game vil has out done them selfs but add auto save in the next update
Great game game vil has out done them selfs but add auto save in the next update
Great game game vil has out done them selfs but add auto save in the next update
...
...
This is a great game
Way better than the first one, and the first was da sh*t
: )
: )
Jump controls are better but still not good enough
This game deserves a 5 star. Nice graphics, nice story... but one problem ..this jump button is so hard to function with. I get where you were trying to go with it but it doesn't work out
This game deserves a 5 star. Nice graphics, nice story... but one problem ..this jump button is so hard to function with. I get where you were trying to go with it but it doesn't work out
Really love it but the jumping sucks like hell..and saw also a bug in pvp...but overall really good game
Played. Y character till lvl 50.. And one day I open its gone... Dafuq.?? Going to delete this shyt waste of my time
I give my damm 5 stars.. now give me the game with fierce update!! Good job dev!!
fun
A great game
Superb
Another great game from Gamevil...
Another great game from Gamevil...
i like game
Its good quite a like to the other games I've played
After watching the trailer for this it doesnt dissapoint.
After watching the trailer for this it doesnt dissapoint.
Awesome game
Lvl 20 its fun
This game are good to play
This is the best gamevil game made that ive played so far, but there's a problem whith my game that when i died against the food boss i glitched out of my game and now every time i play Chris is frozen but dead. Ive tried healing potions but it doesnt work. Did this happen to anyone else or just me? Grrr  :-(
I never play this game. But so far is is awesome and I love it
The controls are fluent, the enemies are interesting, the bosses are great, the dashing is awesome, and overall, just an amazing game.
Awesome game
5 stars 4 awesomeness :p  I love it :)
Great game.
Interesting and fun. Good controls and smooth game play.
Good but the jump function need to be fixed
Awesome
Awesome
Can u guys please make the game playable without a data connection like the last illusia. Great game!
Can u guys please make the game playable without a data connection like the last illusia. Great game!
GG. Great Game!
Awesome
its nice
if u happen to read this, yeah this game is fun so you will probably rate 5 stars. But this game has it's flaws like jumping. Another flaw is a bug, which you will see in other reviews that deletes your saved game. If you don't mind starting over and can manage the jumping system then download. As for me Uninstall.
Game best ofthebest
I play with 3g  i save then on wifi i got lost all save game..
Just started playing only thing missing is the marketplace where we can sell our items to other players
Like it. Fun.
Love the game but it will sometime close and that makes me mad because I have all the good items then poof its all gone and needs autosave
this game go hard they should make a third game
Get it. It's a great game.
Great game keep at it
just like the 1st one, SOOO GOOOOOOD
The game is simply amazing its very addicting
I like the summon skill
I like the summon skill
I like the summon skill
actually we can play this game with offline mode. but 1st, you must connect this game to wifi first. 2nd, open the game. 3rd, after the game is open, you can press your power up on/off buttons. 4th, then there is phone options will come out automatically, and choose "flight mode" . 5th, yea done. you can continued the game.without wifi now. enjoy it ;)
actually we can play this game with offline mode. but 1st, you must connect this game to wifi first. 2nd, open the game. 3rd, after the game is open, you can press your power up on/off buttons. 4th, then there is phone options will come out automatically, and choose "flight mode" . 5th, yea done. you can continued the game.without wifi now. enjoy it ;)
Nice
Very entertaining- motorola xoom 2 / xyboard
Love it keep em coming
Love it keep em coming
Love it.... ;-)
Cute colorful graphics n fun
Great stuff its like mobile maplestory!!!!
Yeah
Best
Very good
great game there should be a rare drop for cash or reward for certain pvp qualifications... something like that at least other than that amazing sidescrolling rpg
Amazing
GOOD game!
Illusia 2 is one of the besr action games I've played!keep it up!
this game rocks love the graphics and the game play. keep up the good work.
쿨
Great pick up and go time filler.
Wow this is way better then the first one...just started playing and cant put my phone down.
Gud graphics!..luv it!
Its a good game If u like rpg n platform games
I really enjoy this game, its mad cool
This game is great
This game is fun
Its a great game but they should adjust on the jumping but nice job gamevil
This is a fun game
Corny suckers
I installed the game assumingbit was a tap and wait game. It is beautiful and reminds me of some classic side scrollers on the Snes. Well done. The only downside is that the control scheme takes.some getting used to as there isn't the feedback of a button. This is true for any game on a touchscreen though so I'm still impressed
I installed the game assumingbit was a tap and wait game. It is beautiful and reminds me of some classic side scrollers on the Snes. Well done. The only downside is that the control scheme takes.some getting used to as there isn't the feedback of a button. This is true for any game on a touchscreen though so I'm still impressed
It's a cool game to play.
Funn gaamme
addicted
This game is lovely, except for the fact that it needs wi-fi connection to play. 4 stars for now, will give 5 if we can play without any data connection (:
Its great! Definitely the perfect fallow up to the original! However I would love to have offline mode. Other than that, definitely a great smooth game. You always manage to surpass my expectations gamevil. Keep it up :D
I played the game till I was level 30,then I slept. When I woke up the next day,all my data was gone!!! Fix it!!!
Its good.its just that could you please release more characters.
Looks and plays awesome
I love game evil games there so fun
This game is awesome!!!!!
This game is awesome!!!!!
awesome
Awesome game
Great game upgrade
Good but needs fix on moving pad
Very fun more updates plz :)
One thing I hate though, is jumping from ledge to ledge
This game is so addictive and great to pass time!
Like
Great game. I'm having fun with it
i have been waiting for illusia 2 on android for over a year! sick
pls help me i cant pass in the soldier training quest where u have to move the box i cant move one....help me plzzzzz....:((
pls help me i cant pass in the soldier training quest where u have to move the box i cant move one....help me plzzzzz....:((
Simply Amazing!
But it needs a fix whit the controller
Gamevil.inc so far is the best place for me to actually find a game when I'm bored of all the other games I downloaded
Col
Col
Good game but slow sometimes
This game fun
Nice
Nice
im new to the series but so far  I like it
Yay
Actually the best game I've ever played just like all Zenonia games but better :D
I love this game.
Adorei o jogo, muito bem feito
Long have i waited for the next sequel for illusia. Never failed my expectation on how awesome this game is! Please come up for illusia 3 then 4!!!! Best game ever!
So far so good :>.  Been looking for a game like this.
Like it very much
Control has to improve though.
Great so far no lag
This game is great
nice work gamevil !!
Nice game
I wait for illusia2 for a long time ago. Thanks GAMEVIL Inc.
Awsome graphics and good game play.
one of the best rpg game ever played
nice game
Has a few parts where the game lags, and I'm sure it isn't my tablet. But the game is great as expected from gamevil.
Awesome ;-)
What else can I say gamevil has still kept up fun games
What else can I say gamevil has still kept up fun games
ive been trying to find a good addicting game for my zte and this is it
It is very fun I just wish thdrd was an actual juml button
Good game, auction house doesn't work yet though. Need that auction house
Good game, auction house doesn't work yet though. Need that auction house
Because it's really hard to jump, and aerial enemies are almost impossible to hit because of that.
Its so awsome
Very fun very better than last game
Been waiting for this!
This game is amazing and I never get bored
My favorite android game is back! Quit giving apple users the good stuff first! Also quit the f2p games. Lemme pay for your games again
It's worth the download
I love this game! Its like Zenonia. So a fan of Zenonia! Requesting more future Illusia free games! :D
I love this game! Its like Zenonia. So a fan of Zenonia! Requesting more future Illusia free games! :D
สนุกมาก
สนุกมาก
Fun game. I just hate the save fuction. Kinda confusing at first
Good this is the best rpg game I play and plz give my 500 cash I try to download the free game to get mine 500 cash but I reopen I never getit fix it
Runs great, only wish is for bluetooth controller support, so i can play on the tv
Nice game
this game is so adicting I'm already Lvov 40 with Chris in 2hrs
Hi great game
This game is fantastic great story and u really connect with the characters
Very fun game with great mechanics and upgrade options. Another winner from Gamevil.
I like it
skill and attack movement are well developed yet the movement key itself is lil bit off, but hey it's free!!
Very good game!!
Best ever. Most fun mobile rpg probably
Its free after all and everyone likes free games I liked the first one it was fun but the second one was even more fun! Better graphics and more classes as well! All I can hope for is if they can make an Online rpg Then I would be happy! But other than that great game gamevil
Great graphics
I freaking love it. I love the platform style of it and that you can choose different classes and that the equipment looks different on each item. Wish you can name you person though. But great game keep up the good work!
This game is great. I've never expected less from Gamevil, all they're games are of top quality. However, I actually prefer the graphics from Illusia 1 haha. But, its still great, I definitely recommand you to download it :)
Really good!
Please allow us to customize the jump buttons. Separate from the directional pad. They are way to close. And makes the game slightly tedious.
Nice game, one of the few
Nice game, one of the few
Nice game
the gameplay is so cool I gave you 5 stars
awsome game
awsome game
Gamevil is my absolute favorite mobile game producer, and they always make the best games and this one is no different
It is a good game, the only thing lack is you had to choose the main character.
Best eva
The graphic is good!
Smoothest graphics I've ever seen! Wish first was free to play.
I turned off the game in grandma pooking mission and now I can't find her I am stuck
good
Gamevil the BEST!!! XD
Its to hard to put everything in mind to words.
If only the graphics is the same as zenonia 4!
This game would be better without internet connection other than that, the game is great.
This game would be better without internet connection other than that, the game is great.
awesome
Best rpgs gamevil, please try release them faster on android cause they are so good!
Mais um game de rpg da gamevil sensacional.
I win
