Its crappy and slpw nobody wants it my advice is to not download it
Guys..A attempt to  to download this app will fetch u nothing but 'a wasted journey'....
Can't bump any thing  Or share any thing
Sent my daughter a series of pictures (clothed luckily) of a couple from Texas. Wonder where the family snaps I was sending her ended up. Contacted devs but no response after a week.
Have had no joy sending photos from phone to pc, have given up
The first (and only) time I used this app, I tried to use the recommend app feature.  It did work, but I also ended up with about 5-6 photos of some random couple I have never met in my life.  If you want your photos to jump to random strangers phones then this app is for you.
Used to work fine 5* over wifi or 3g. Now I get the Network unavailable error!
Errors
On the road and got a Galaxy Note. Got bump on new and old phone (HTC Inspire) but will not sync contacts cause old phone has no network connection now. Dumb me!!! Please put, that connection required to bump.
I was sitting next to my friend and we both "bumped" each other. The notification on my phone tried to connect me with another person with my friends name. It was not her. When I clicked on her profile, it had all of my friends information, but it wasn't her. We tried bumping again, and I not only got the photo that my friend bumped me from her phone, but also photos from this other persons phone. They were of herself, her family, and her kids, all stored on my SD card. This is one hell of a creepy app.
On both my devices it showed connections in the recent activity list that I didn't make to people I don't know.  Uninstalled.
Someone sent me a picture of their penis. User disguised their info by cloning my wife's info. I never connected to this user. App is not secure. Imagine if this happened to your child. Users name was Mike E.
Fresh install on both phones and did a bump. Receiving phone had the intended photos and 5 other random photos from someone else.
Thunderbolt cannot receive any pics. Able to send them, but not receive; some just show up black and others that come through are blurry. Lame! Please fix.,
923 mahogany ave #201 Bellingham, WA 98226
this app requires too much personal details.  I just unistalled
Doesn't allow my phone and tablet to connect by bumping.  All it does is come up with tips on how to bump the two devices together, even happens right after it searches after a bump.
Please fix! Droid bionic crashes every time. Used to work great!
Once great app is now completely useless. Also, you don't need my gps location.
I always have to force  close it stops working i dont like it but it works better on apple
Execution lacking. Works every so often. Frustrating. Update browser messages fly in the face of having up to date browsers installed and verified.
Tjee only app that worked with my dell and my samsung galaxyappeal!
Did not work at all with my droid x
Dosent work:(
This sucks...... I need to bump apks, zips, any file extension I want from a file explorer. Who bumps contacts or a picture. That's to simple to send through text.
Cant get app to work. Uninstalling
For some reason the app won't download
This app sux, develop so people can bump music between iPhone and Android. I have both, F#%king Apple sux ballzz!!
I just want to transfer files with a friend.  I don't want it to keep asking me who I am and trying to setup Facebook and gmail.  Use to be good but no longer.
Is it suppose to work?
Why can't I bump videos anymore I mean come on seriously y'all completely stripped the app of all its good qualities.
Prevents phone from ='s BATTERY DRAIN. therefore, I won't update and will probably delete it. It doesn't work all that well to begin with.
Had 2 Android phones and this app never works.  FAIL
When you are at a convention or at an airport and there are no wireless... its useless. It should work over Bluetooth. Than it would be really awesome.
Doesn't work!
I have S3 and my coworker has  the note and with every thing enabled and paired the app still can't see each other.
For something that you don't use everyday it uses way too much battery 12 percent is way too much for an app
Cant transfer files just photos and contacts.
Knuckles hurt no full ap transfer WEAK
As stated. I put this app on my phone and my daughters phone. It doesn't work.
Awesome
chupu
Stupid. Doesn't work.
Its bad
I bumped phones with my husband for a about 15 mins. n it keep saying hump lighter, do we did then it would say font bump alone; which we weren't. Over all got no where with this app. UNINSTALL
I bumped phones with my husband for a about 15 mins. n it keep saying hump lighter, do we did then it would say font bump alone; which we weren't. Over all got no where with this app. UNINSTALL
It cuts off and reboots my tablet is uninstall and reinstall and it still doesn't work now I completely uninstall and never will use again
Need upgraded so it can sent videos
Cant find it after ten minutes of bumping gave up.  so much for easy to use application.
Tried on 2 phones & a tablet.  Kept getting errors.  Did not get a resolution from tech support. Also tried to make it work with 2 different computers.  I can use bluetooth for what I want to do.
Doesn't work
Good concept ...but  recent update needs gps to start the app ...why does it need gps to start the app...remove gps notification to get 5 stars back...
Good concept ...but  recent update needs gps to start the app ...why does it need gps to start the app...remove gps notification to get 5 stars back...
I liked it better the old way the new way is terrible
At all... just kept vibrating saying try again. Piece of crap
Tried repeatedly to update card, and failed every time. Even tried re-installing to no avail.
on my sensation xe. could be a great app if it worked
Dosn't work on my xperia ray
Will not bump with my HTC and my Samsung tablet...kept bumping....but did not work
If you want an app that downloads all your pictures without your permission you have a winner here. Piece of sh....
The thumbnails shown do not represent the same pics.please fix it
It would be a good app but it does not work on all phones (such as mine) x
If someone sends me say 6 photos I only get 4
Photos can't be loaded and displayed on the app.  Galaxy 9000i user.
This game sucks!!
Can't do much with the item that was bumped across. Improve that and this application will be excellent
I've tried several times times to download this app but unsuccessful. Won't waste more time.
Can't send music
Can't send music
Since the new update it keeps deleting my bump contacts and I can't get them back south re-bumping, pain
Why dose it take too long to connect to network?
Desktop keeps saying works better with location on (it's on) or doesn't support IE. Third strike for bump. Skyrocket phone
I do not even have friends,neighbors at home to bump with and also i am sure they do not have bump,ye,yeh i have my family but they do not have bump and they are not interested in it, so why would i keep having this app at my phone?! At first i did got fooled by bumping on my own hands and it notify me:make sure to not bump alone,i were bumping with my own hands(lol)just as funny i did not care about the notifications but i checked out the"how to bump"button in youtube i saw people comment "did not worked".
It doesn't do half the things the bump does for the I phone... This one is so miniscule... Plz fix
Will not work no matter what I do. Galaxy Nexus GSM unlocked. Also apparently does not transfer full resolution even if it did work. Seems pointless.
Thanks
Very,  VEERRYYY poor quality!!
Without support of Internet Explorer makes this product lame
great to start with so easy to use,recieved updates now complete rubbish so difficult to use,why fix if it's not broken ?
Just keeps saying connecting the prompting u 2 bump again waste of time could have sent the photos a lot quicker mms or email
80 to 90% failure rate. Removed.
Keeps rebooting my Droid X when I start up the app
I have tried severall things including location but unable to get Bump to work. Looks like a good app but to good to be true.
Slow
No need since nfc
Could not get it to work even once. There is little help available to figure out what is wrong. Both Evo Shifts.
I have the same problem as many others, bump harder. I can't do that without damage to something. Tried to bump an iphone and send a pic just as a test and all it did was bring up contact info of the other person. Not worth the trouble.
doesnt work at all...stupid app
I can;t figure out how to use this app. i'm trying to sync my photos to my pc and it's not working
Looks like it would be a great thing. But even after playing with the sensitivity levels, all geo-location and settings allowed on phone & pc, just keep getting the various "Try Again" messages. Installed on a Verizon Galaxy Nexus.
doesn't work
Would be nice if it worked! Keeps asking if Bump is open on my phone - Well yes it is :-)
Would be nice if it worked! Keeps asking if Bump is open on my phone - Well yes it is :-)
Too few features.  Its actually much easier to simply connect directly via USB to my desktop to transfer photos.  I can't seem to get Bump to work easily.
Keeps saying bump harder. If I bump any harder I'll break the phone.
It hardly ever works. Very few people have the app., you have to bump multiple times and it still oftentimes won't work. The latest bump with my computer has worked one time in a dozen attempts. The app is a great concept, but falls too far short. Uninstall.
This application has worked on my phone from day one until a very recent update, now every time I try to start it my phone either immediately completely reboots or will load completely and then reboot as soon as I try to do anything. If this is not fixed it will result in my discontinued use of the application and a personal campaign to stop all of my friends from using this application. I'm going to give you one more update and if it's not working I am done.
Bekar app
= Uninstall
This app is good in theory, but it keeps sending the wrong pix out, I choose one and it sends another, needs to be fixed on HTC EVO 4g
Doesn't work.
Every single time I try to bump I get a message that says "Try again.  Tip: A good bump is a light fist bump" so when I try doing it lighter it then say,  "Try again, Tip: Don't bump alone" So either way it still does not work.
Crap
Very good but I think you should be able to send songs.. otherwise great...
No workie on my computer. Trashware. Keeps saying 'try again'. Uninstalled.
Good ap but after installing it phished my email off my phone and started sending me unsolicited emails. Not cool!
I think this is excellent because its more easyer than bluetooth
"Searches" for about half a second before giving up and saying no device found. Entirely useless ap. Do not download
Kept force closing.  Too bad.  Bad app last year and it worked well
Why can't you send your location anymore?
What happend to the old bump !? It was sooooooo much better !!  I don't get a f***in' thing , with this one !! Arrgggggg,.. hate it! * I don't get it how you bump with someone thats NOT close to you! You can 'bump/connect' without hitting phone/ipods together. Worst app ever!
Doesn't bump with inferior phones, such as Apple.
What good is Bump without apps?
Gay
THIS app is what keeps killing the battery on my phone! I was wondering why every once in a while my phones battery wouldnt last a whole day an ita because this crap auto updates (which ive repeatedly unchecked so obviously that dont work) and it sucks all my battery power down til my phone shuts off. Its now uninstalled. Its a useful app but not worth the dead battery!
I installed bump so that I could easily share apps with my partner, but they seem to have withdrawn this very useful feature so I am uninstalling.
We marked 27 photos to be sent but it sent only 6 of them! It always happen with us. This app doesn't have any advantages more than bluetooth. Bluetooth is more aqurate. It also take many trials to recognize ur bump.
This app has not worked correctly with any android phone I've ever had... its a waste of space!
Dont work its tht simple
I not ever downloading this agin
It kept force closing it was the worst app ever
You agree to allow them to upload just about everything on your phone to their servers with no restrictions on what they can do with it.
I cant send / receive pics
Terribke. Says it downloaded 4 only downloaded 3 i tried again and it wouldnt download any
i dont like it
Did not sync with android EVO
Bullshit
Sending pictures i did not send bad app especially when have private pics in phone
It just reset on me let alone force close everytime I try to switch games, stupid app
This really is poorly implemented. Photos don't refresh when u go back into the program and want to select new ones...  you just see a blank tile....there is no progress indicator when you are sending files to show if it is even working... I got it to work but it is poorly designed.... go back to work and try again
Friend and i tried over and over. It would come up but then not allow me to add to contacts. In the end we had to report to calling. Very disappointed.
I gave up. Never worked with iPhone devices, never worked with other Android devices. The time spent debugging would have been better used just pairing with Bluetooth or sending an email
10 million downloads, good luck finding someone who actually uses this.  Waste of space.
This app is great its clever easy and quick much faster than blue tooth must download ASAP¡!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!
its a great application! I can now easily share contacts and pics between my android phone and itouch :D hope they have for Blackberry as well :)
Doesn't work :(
Crap
5 star if you fix it
Doesn't work at all on my Droid Razr.
Had to drop my rating, I'm having issues "connecting to the network" thus it's useless to bump anything anymore
It force closes on my galaxy ace.
Android vs iphone. Worked only once. Other times nit able to copy photo.
uninstalled
I have tried a many times but it just would not work. Plus why not use bluetooth as it is
Stupppidddd...why do you need location services?? No sense in that....get it right
Won't 'bump'
This app badly needs music and files share too. I gave up waiting... UNINSTALL till it will be implanted as iOS got it for some time now.
Great app..though wish I could send and receive songs.
Mehhh.
Removing the ability to send your location was a very poor choice.
Would be great app to bump music if developers ever listen to consumers. MAKE IT BUMP MUSIC!!! Also keeps bumping contacts I don't want.
Wish i could do more like songs and files. I barely need to bump contacts to my friends
Useless app
Does'nt wrkz at all
This app is awesome. Super convenient for me and my girlfriend. It would be perfect if basic file sharing.
I tried bumping with my sisters brand new nexus and no dice! Wtf... works great with iphone though!
Tried on multiple android phones, never worked.
does not work on Motorola triumph. tried on stock and custom rom, no success. fail.
This app sucks and is useless
How long does it have to take to download this app iit is so ridiculous! I mean i litterally have been waiting for 4 hours!?!?!?!?!?! FOUR HOURS!
So slow and it wont let me see all of my pictures
it isn't working when I bump me phone with my friends
It does not work when I bump my fone with my friend
loaded the app onto my HTC sensation and eee pad tablet and it wont work. waste of time. i would be quicker using Bluetooth to transfer information.
How to bump music from android to iphone???????
This app sucks it WILL NOT let me bump apps and pics :(
Doesn't work
Big unlike as no music share update!! Sucks!!!
I used to love this app before they completly changed it, im having all sorts of problems; force close, not picking up wifi and network and so on.. Also you used to be able to send music, but you cant anymore! But the worst part is that i have tried connecting with my friend many times and failed each and every time
Horrible!!! I have tried to connect with my friend about 100 times and said failed every time! Doesn't even work
Does as it says
Cnt bump music lyk on i phone poor very poor
iphone version can bump music?!
Working very bad on Android
No instructions. Friend and I sat there fist bumping like idiots for 10minutes before uninstall.
It sucks...... has never done anything but vibrate and wont sync with anyone.
Doesn't support file transfer, only  photos. Useless
Awesm
Everytime we'd "bump" our phones, it would pop up some tip telling us how we were doing it wrong.
The user interface is clunky and not intuitive. Would uninstall if there were a decent replacement. FIX IT our mascot to previous version!
Service runs constantly in background for no reason
Doesn't work on my Droid X...just restarts the phone when open is pressed
Doesn't work!! Tried repeatedly and it doesn't send anything!! Garbage app!!!
Poor only saved few pics onto my device,  and now isnt working at all :-(
Does not work well when bumping iOS devices. & why the hell does this need my location to work?
Requires location sercices. No thanks
It sounds amazing! But does the other person have to have this app aswell for it to work?
The original was great. The update is crap. Uninstall!!!
This app sucks doesn't work and it doesn't explain how to get it to work. DO NOT WAST YOUR TIME. Doesn't even deserve 1 star. BS app
This app use to be good but now its worthless. The only reason  I used it was to send songs but now thats gone, just like this app on my phone
What kind of apps is this? I have more then 20 times,  yet still cannot get the photos granted over to my another phone. Wasting my time
Ok
Works great on my droid razr.
Whoever decided to upgrade this app and take away the great feature of bumping apps and music should be FIRED. This once was a great app and after one upgrade turned this app into a piece of crap! Uninstalling this after I post my disappointment with the recent upgrade which is trully a downgrade. This is an example of an epic fail! Just like how Shazam screwed up big time so has this NOW WORTHLESS BUMP APP!
I had this app on my iPhone and works perfectly well, on here I managed to bump 1 set of photos and now it won't send or revieve any more!! You bump and the searching window appears right at the top of the screen and only shows half the other half of the box is off the screen?!? Please fix this glitch so I can use. Even tried uninstalling and re-installing but still will not work!!
Difficult to find some1 with the same service for now
Doesn't work. Says bump now but won't work no matter how hard I smash my phone.
i think I'll break my phone doing this lol.
Sometimes it requires more like a knock rather than bump to do the job.
Not useful without songs sharing.
Very good
Need Music
Never worked between 2 sgs1. No matter how much we tweak sensitivity.
I can't bump with my buddy's iphone. It also takes to long to connect to the network.
would be better if you could somehow get it to work on iphones and such .
Cant open!! Does not show up in my apps!!
Doesnt bloody work
WORKING!
Wont work with a LG vortex and a galaxy tab....removed it from both.
Xperia Play to Iphone 3gs it works even on my lg thrive..much better then bluetooth..works ios to android..its sends photo in an instant..great job;))
Whats the point... There are other ways to eend my and other contacts... Appart from that i can bump only the pictures?!? There are other ways. Dont find this any useful or unique...
This app ABSOLUTELY SUCKS... DID NOT WORK ON MY EPIC TOUCH 2
This app ABSOLUTELY SUCKS... DID NOT WORK ON MY EPIC TOUCH 2
So both parties should have the bump to be able to use this app!???  Plz answer
Won't run. Rooted Nexus S 4g - running Crossbones 0.20
Not working on my galaxy nexus
Never worked once. Tried on several phones. Don't even bother downloading this garbage. Developer does not test their app I guess - J U N K ! Zero Stars is more like it.....
Won't bump on our HTC Incredible S.  Good idea,  execution fail.
Force closes all the time (htc desire running gingerbread)
Its NOT sharing MUSIC.. . Otherwise its okey, but sometimes its freeeeeezes..  I'll give 5 star only after UPDATE!
This thing doesn't even work. Tried many times and nothing happened.
Pretty UI.. that's about all. Doesn't work.
Really, we tried bumping multiple times and nothing happened.
Was gud tell update like say was gud would been grate but couldnt get all ov the items sent now i.cont get on my account grate work
Complete bs!  Dont waste your time.  I would rate this a -3 if it was available.
I like Bump's redesign and I really want to love sharing photos with it, BUT there's no way to hide albums.   Q: Do you know what happens when you download a few icon packs so you can customize your phone? A: You get 1,000 icons displayed every time your want to share a picture from a party.
After about 10 attempts, the app still failed to work between a nexus a ans galaxy nexus phone. Didn't work once. uninstalled.
Not working at all for me,  getting nothing but sore knuckles. Sorry, one star for good concept
What happened with GPS  N the music WTF
Cant get it to work :( using a galaxy s and galaxy s 2
So their this girl and i wanted to get her number. Well she always keeps her phone at her right back pocket and i didn't want it to be obvious that im trying to bump phones so i put it in my right pocket went behind her and tried bumping it. she turned around and said "WTF!" and so i tried explaining that i just wanted to bump her.
Doesn't work well with straight talk precedent
Nice
Needs to send music and files. This has been requested by many people, but is being ignored by the developer.
Awesome
Galaxy nexus seems to respond to a bump about 5% of the time.
Can't use in my galaxy mini
Just a another way of sending card via internet... only the shake event added ; nothing different - it even annoys smthms
Poor sooooooo baaaaaaaddd........ aaa. Ppppppppppppppp
Works perfectly.
The concept of bump is great would be 5 stars but it doesn't always connect to the other phone right away.
Doesn't work at all
Doesnt work at all
Doesn't work at all.....
2 brand new nexus won't. Bump together  waist of time
Sense last update app sucks. Please revert back to old version.
Won't connect with android to android phone or android to iPhone for me using full signal 3g internet or wifi.
Blocks system for a while. Bad first impression.
I hate things that must always run in the background...
Bump and bump and bump,  but nothing happens!
Me & my Mrs downloaded and it failed to transfer anything. I'll stick to WhatsApp to to send music, photos, videos & texts from now on.
But if music bump is attached it will be fantastic blad
Одна из самых непонятных программ в маркете. Не вижу смысла её устанавливать. Всё что умеет бамп можно сделать и любой другой программой. Whatsapp к примеру. Бессмысленное приложение!
Am I doing something wrong? I want to send photos from my iphone to my android tablet. I can receive the photos but can only view them in the bump app. There is no option to save them to my internal storage
I tried it with my sister and it didnt work
Installed it on my HTC Inspire. Didn't work. Sounds cool. If it worked. Looks like 'Bumped' is gonna get bumped off my phone.
Doesent work. tapped 50 times and didn't work even once.
Absolutely horrible
Cnt get it to wrk
New update and We still can't bump music like iphone users , uninstall -__-
Just get NFC phone.
does not work Samsung galaxy
It worked better before updates, giving it 24 hours to try, then its gone.  It's useless to me now.
Never worked once. Uninstalled!!
This would be a lot better if it had music like the Apple versions.
TOTALLY CRAP! I WANT TO BE ABLE TO SEND MY IPOD MUSIC TO MY PHONE BUT CAN'T, SORT IT OUT SO IOS AND ANDROID VERSIONS CAN LINK AND YOU WILL GET 5 STARS
don't work
don't work
Doesn't work on htc sensation sensitivity level all the way up snd still doesn't work
Not a happy camper!! Want to uninstall. No music bump on android- just iPhone. Gayyyyy!!!
It used to work.....about 5 updates ago. All of a sudden, it stopped working. It resets my phone everytime i try opening it. It has been at least a year and it still doesnt work for my phone? I used to love it! But now I cant lol
Cant send music...Thats all i needed to do... Please make it work... My gfs iphone can send music...
What's the deal with requiring location services be on to use the app? They are NOT needed for exchange of business card data.	Had trouble connecting with iPhone _ had to kill app and restart before app would allow both to connect .
Absolutely sucks!!
Latest update makes you have to switch on location services!! Why should I have to do that if I'm only sharing data with someone standing next to me?!?
I deleted the app and I tried to re download it..but it will NOT download.
On iphone can share music and you do not have to turn on location services but on android you do! = LAME!!!
This app does not work. Samsung galaxy s
Nothing like the bump available on iPod or iPhone. That just bites can't share songs.
did not work with two seperate installs on asus transformer.
Why???????......... iphone have full option  on this apps !!!!!!!!!  :(
To work so well, now can't send or receive anything. Uninstalling.
I just wasted too much time on a good idea, that has missed it's mark. HTC EVO to Motorola Photon didn't work... It says it sent my pics but I never got them on the other device.
Says it can SHARE APPS, but when I download it and open it the only option to do so is SUGGEST APPS. Absolutely useless to me.
Uninstalling. Doesn't work! Keeps telling me "No Match Bump Again" Maybe I'm doing something wrong but this is FRUSTRATING!
Need to be able to send music!!
SUCKS JUST HAVE NOT UNLOADED!
Five stars if music bumping between ipod and galaxy nexus added otherwise terrible
Can't share music:(
on the ipod, you can share music but on the tmobile mytouch 3g you cant ! ! !  !
Tried this app multiple times on different phones and platforms. Never works. Hit or miss from previews. Not compatible with samsung Droid charge and tab. Shameful...
After the latest update it stop working.
Its fine but it really needs to be able to send music for androids.
This app sucks be better if u can share music! And u need let give up ur location
Doesn't work to share contact between two android phones.  I thought that was the whole point of Bump!
Why does it ask for location.. Cant you make bump not use gps and via wifi or bluetooth instead... TAKE OUT GPS FROM THE APP!
This app is crap, no option to send full size files, what a waste of my time.
It works great however most of the apps compatible with iphone are not available on the android market. miamiluvr72
Force closes everytime i open it in my SGA.
I've got LG Optimus GT540 running android 2.1 and bump says "network unavailable" fix this please!
This sucks without music
Can't bump songs to or from android please fix
No music transfer? Come on. This is 2012, you'd think mp3s could get moved.
Awesome app. Can't believe data can be transferred at so ease. Just Internet connection required. Found alternate to Bluetooth...
it crashed my phone. doesn't work. works well on ios though
No one I know can bump anymore
If I could rate it any lower I would. For starters, it doesn't work at all. Not even an inkling of proper functionability. Then it gave my phone some kind of virus and now my phone opens and closes things, makes calls and has a mind of its own. Horrible horrible app. Do NOT download. Fair warning!!
Me and my friend sat there for about 20 minutes bumping out phones(and we both had the app downloaded) and nothing happened... u should make it compatible with my  touches
Bump!side of my phone is cracked and still nothing got transfered.uninstalled
I crashed my phone by Bumping it and nothing got transfered! unInstalled
This doesn't work..... Can not xfer apps
Android app sucks video and music not allowed ..... STUPID
Needs music good app but needs music for 5 stars
Why doesn't android have music sharing like the iPhone??
I installed this on my and my wife's phones and tried to send a photo bit I keep getting the message "no match found"...not sure what it is trying to match as there is no help included...
Doesnt work with xperia play!!
Doesn't handle My Info contacts properly - Doesn't save. Guess I'll have to wait for the linkedin app to add a proper contact bump share
Does not work for android!! Does not allow me to send. Once I hit attach it says the app foreclosed unexpectedly!!! Horrible app!!!
Awesome app!!
Works on Apple but these guys haven't taken Droids Seriously. Dev is lacking here! Try out Bluetooth Transfer. They atleast respond to support emails
No instructions on how to use and it isn't self explanatory. 1 star!
Can't put bumped photo's into own files, you can only view them in bump and they are to little to look at properly.
Can't put bumped photo's into own files, you can only view them in bump and they are to little to look at properly.
Horrible
You can only view pics within the app. What good is that? I used to be able to transfer them to my gallery. Not sure why it changed.
Works great!
Man it's. So bad
doesn't load contacts. just keeps trying. hd2
doesn't load contacts. just keeps trying. hd2
An app that doesn't use the androids accessability
Where's the mp3 option to bump mp3s over to my ipod? Ipod has this already...c'mon android, get with it..
After trying to bump with my friend for a half hour we decided this app sucks donkey dick
I would like to be able to share calendars with my ipod.
Doesn't work with Gnex. Needs ICS support.
Need to have bump one time for send file too much request too
Force Closes on Galaxy Nexus
Watched the preview video and it says it does music, but that is false. Would be a 5 star if it did.
Can't bump my husband videos of our baby! What is the point :(
Can't bump my husband videos of our baby! What is the point :(
No music = useless. Huge fail on android. Typical ios vs. Android bullshit. Fix it now.
Don't work
Bollax Can't bump music on Android!!!!
Can bump music on the iPhone but not Droid
Its not working with iphones
OK...why do developers continue to make applications that ask for so much personal info? What do you do with everyone's info? Do you sell it? THIEVES!
Over all a good app
Why do you need my location in order to bump? Crazy
Always crashes.
Rubbish. Cannot bump music in or out
Cool app
Doesn't work on nexus one android 2.3.4
Does not work..
Tried it, location services enabled for both. Says no match, once popped up someone neither of us knew.
Dont download this it sucks my droid x always reboots everytime !
I like it you can share apps just by bumping their phones. But you can just tell someone about it and they can downloadit.
Was excited to try this but every time I try to open it shuts down my phone & reboots.  Uninstall.  DX rooted Gingerbread.
Was excited to try this but every time I try to open it shuts down my phone & reboots.  Uninstall.  DX rooted Gingerbread.
Was excited to try this but every time I try to open it shuts down my phone & reboots.  Uninstall.  DX rooted Gingerbread.
I've been using it for a while since my girlfriend's never able to text me pictures. But that was remedied with Bump. ;] I just wish it was more optimized for tablets.
Every time I try Bump I get no match found. Complete crap.  Samsung Galaxy S.
Would not work on my Samsung Galaxy Tab. The app crashes after i enter my contact info.  Uninstalled
This can't send apps or music on android the iPhone one is so much better
That's poo still can't send apps only links to market place
Can't share audio or PDF, almost pointless. Asks for too much private info too.
Love this app. Makes sharing contact info so simple. Even works between Android and iphone. MyTouch 4G
This app needs to support music !!!!
I have had the Epic 4G & Nexus S 4G and I have notice that after installing it will error out your default Google account contacts meaning it will not sync your contacts. This problem will not go away when you uninstall you have to do a factory rest to fix the problem
Good app...
Need to add file browsing to support any file, and add to "share" context menu for any apps such as gallery and voice recorder.
Can't get it to work on a samsung epic.. Can only send things via chat. Might as well use mms. Would give 0 stars if I could
Needs to bump music
Does not work
Does not work
Only works when you select send to contact.  Tried bumping friends phone never would connect.
When Bump very first came out on Android, it actually worked. Now it is quite useless, PERIOD! It hardly ever connects. Waste.
Bitter disapointment.  Tried 3 different downloads over last month. Same problem...never connects.
Bitter disapointment.  Tried 3 different downloads over last month. Same problem...never connects.
Shuts phone off everytime it opens and have to wait for it to reboot. Very irritating! Please fix, I want this app to work.
It takes forever to load pics to send. Does it load the whole goddamn pic instead of thumbnail?  Why doesn't it use gallery
It takes forever to load pics to send. Does it load the whole goddamn pic instead of thumbnail?  Why doesn't it use gallery
Everytime I bump with someone it don't work why????
App can't find the pictures on my phone for sharing. It just finds 3 random Facebook profile pictures. It never works when others try to bump to me.
Tried to share a photo with my Galaxy S and G2x and it wouldn't work. Kept saying no info shared. Please fix.
Tried on several occasions to get this app to work, has never happened.
Awful! Keep it on phone in the hope it might actually start working! Fails on most bumps. Approximately 1 in 20 success. Ridiculous!
Works good. Wish you could send music.
Works good. Wish you could send music.
DIDN'T WORK ON MY NEW DROID BIONIC.
No music no music
Are you kidding me. There zero point to this. U can send pics and contacts. Both of those send just as fast as using 3g. No random file like .zip sooo
Doesn't share files like zip files. Soooo lame
Never works
Not working on my x and bionic
Hate hate hate.. Horrible app.. Droid charge.. And yes.. Even with 4g..
Works 1/2 the time.
2 words, Android Beam
Wont work on my thunderbolt....ugh
Doesn't allow download of apps no longer on Market tho.
Doesn't allow download of apps no longer on Market tho.
You retards... It would take much longer than a quick bump to transfer music or video... Plenty of other methods... Stupid people
You retards... It would take much longer than a quick bump to transfer music or video... Plenty of other methods... Stupid people
No music sharing or no video sharing. Change immediately.
Doesnt work between droidx and an incredible..or any other phone
4 those having difficulty to transfer files, try bumping both phones to your chair or soft surface simultaneously. I bumped it on my lap n it detects.
I have tried about give times to transfer something (anything!) between my phone and my wife's phone.   Do it manually and save the frustration.
No network constantly...
since latest update, it perpetually reads "Network Unavailable" on myTouch 4G. Total crap, I used to love this app.
Downloaded it, tried it, wouldn't work between two Galaxy S 2 phones, Deleted it.  Don't waste your time.
Works amazing across all the droids ive had and bumped with
After some kind of update, it doesn't work.
My favorite part was reciving the contacts but then unable to export them to adress book. Fancy feature for such a "good" app.
This is one of the best aps ever. Easy to use and once you bump with some one you can send them apps whenever! I love it!
Useless..keeps popping up force close, no good. Don't even bother I un installed it.
Does not work . HTC legend. Let me know when it does work could be really cool
Did not work after 12 attempts. I give up.
Can take a few attempts to send the stuff really need to be able to bump music not bad can be frustrating at times
Too many permissions.  INTERNET access?  Yeah I don't think so
Sucks Everytime i "bump" with someone it force closes on me. Fix plz. -LG APEX
It doesn't explain hoe you add your friends...mine won't let me...its very annoying and irritating-Droid incredible
Best concept! The neatest info sharing app on the market. Needs work to match iPhone.
Sucks, you can't tranfer music, like iphone app
Love it!
So much for a free game.. im uninstalling..
Too bad it almost never works.
Too bad it almost never works.
Too bad it almost never works.
Easier to just send a text, than set up all these preferences all the time... Poor user interface.
Doesn't work like it says...tried for ever to bump two droids together..bad.bad.bad..
Never, ever, ever works.
Bumping is fun!
I attempted to bump pictures so I could install new memory card and all of the selected pics didn't transfer.
Didn't work properly, and it corrupted my phone! DON'T DOWNLOAD!!
Didn't work properly, and it corrupted my phone! DON'T DOWNLOAD!!
I love this app!
My friend and I tried for about 45 minutes and it definitely doesn't work !!!!!!! We watched the video about a million times :'(
worked the first few times but now I keep getting the force close message. can't even get to the homepage!
I keep trying, still won't connect... Or transfer
Make a breaze to share data between phones
Would rate five stars if u would be able to delete messages and delete contacts....have people showing up in my friends list that I don't know?
Would rate five stars if u would be able to delete messages and delete contacts....have people showing up in my friends list that I don't know?
This suck bad don't work at all happy I didn't pay for it
This suck bad don't work at all happy I didn't pay for it
Can't get music from my iPod
Can't get music from my iPod
It does NOT work like it says. I tried 3 times to "bump" something but it never went through! Uninstalled
Idk why I'm be sending the dev alogcat fire debugging.
Won't work with my droid X or droid HTC..Uninstall!!!
Tried to bump with a Nexus, HTC, iPhone, and iPod touch. Didn't work. Uninstalled. HTC Evo.
Why cant u transfer music wow weak
Horrible. My knuckles hurt and still no connect
I cant delete pictures that people bumped me & I really dont want them on there anymore
Cannot delete friends
...advertise it like Android and iPhone can share anything and any app. False.
Ill re rate once there is music bump. Iphone has it, why don't we have it.
Ill re rate once there is music bump. Iphone has it, why don't we have it.
Works
Does not go beyond the screen of "Is this you? " Becomes Kungfu responsive. Have to force close everytime.
I have an Xperia. Everyone else I know has a T-bolt. My Experia will attempt to connect but the T-bolts remain unresponsive.
This app is very broken. It was better before update. Uninstalled.
Won't connect on my inspire HTC but works find on sons atrix and we are using same internet connection anyone know why
Useless to me. I wanted so phone users could share music but it does not work.
It should use Bluetooth since our phones are so close to each other.
Works just fine, but I don't see it as a necessary app, but works as it says
HTC Sensation 4G.I reinstalled it just to rate it:don't like it.Felt like ape bumping other phones.whatsup with new permissions?Stickin with bluetooth
The issue with constant "Warming Up" may have been fixed, but NOW,no time to choose pics before I get an error message and have to force close
Doesn't even open on my LG ally
Cufusing on how to use
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
Worked great when I got this a year ago. I bumped with a friend at a party, and four other droids in the immediate area got the info. Now none work.
Has never worked. Asked about issue and they said they know about it. So put an app out that you know doesn't work?
Bumping is somthing of an art. This needs to become easier if it is to garner more acceptance.
Wont work on my mother's phone when I bump with mine. Droid Incredible is the problem.
I can't get it to work from my DROIDX to my wife's Droid2. She can send me stuff... but I always get a "No match"
Please add a music sharing feature
Can't get app to work! Says no match bump again over and over. Droids
File sharing is easy...but takes 4ever
File sharing is easy...but takes 4ever
Works great! Love it
I've love that Bump talks between Droid & iOS. Sometimes it didn't work, but when on the same wifi or w/GPS visible it it reliable.
LOL App gone from 'Warming up' to 'connecting to network'. Update really worked well. A JOKE!
Why would I want to find contacts that use Bump when that info would be useful only when that person would be next to me? Uninstalled
Handy app. Can take a few tries to work but it does the job if you have good connection. Great on wifi. Xperia x10
This app sucks. Tried multiple times with different people on galaxy S. App does not trigger Gps to connect when on. So connecting by bumping is weak.
This use to be easy to use. Now you have to go through 5 or more screens just to share a contact. You can tell someone the phone number quicker.
Would like the ability to share more different file types.
I have yet to see this app work on any phone or any platform.
Can never get it to work
I can never connect. Droid 2 cm7
OK, doing well with improvements, but PLEASE ADD Music & Video sharing...!
This app sucks! It was so much better before the update. Now you can't send anything without going through Facebook, if you even get that far.
I don't like this app at all
Cant get it to work. I try to bump and get a cant connect message every time.
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
This app sucks I can't bump with anyone!
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Does not work, tried to connect with some random Chinese person (indicated with kangi) not someone I know. Not cool
Does not work, tried to connect with some random Chinese person (indicated with kangi) not someone I know. Not cool
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Won't go past warming up.I have the droid 3
Won't go past warming up.I have the droid 3
Won't go past warming up.I have the droid 3
Hi! I really like the way this app makes sharing pictures so easy! But I don't understand how to save pictures that I've received from my friend.. Could someone explain? :)
Does not work on Droid x
Does not work on Droid x
Droid x
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Should b able 2 share apps with tablets on Android instead it just gives them the url 2 go an dl it..
Should b able 2 share apps with tablets on Android instead it just gives them the url 2 go an dl it..
Should b able 2 share apps with tablets on Android instead it just gives them the url 2 go an dl it..
Great app!!!! Would be better if music and videos could be shared
Great app!!!! Would be better if music and videos could be shared
Great app!!!! Would be better if music and videos could be shared
Would give it zero stars, but wasn't an option. App did not work between HTC Desire & HTC Mesmerize. Very disappointed!!!
On the Droid x, everytime I open this app, it restarts my phone. Fix it and ill give it 5 stars.
Wtf..... I can't bump a mp3? But ipods and iphones can? That's just ridiculous uninstalling!!
Bah takes several attempts to work, and then u cant save pic's or contacts info to ur phone others send u, & cant delete messages either.....
When it actually detects who you are "bumping" it works great; however, it does not recognize other phones easily at all.
DROID X ..EVERY TIME I OPEN APP MY PHONE REBOOTS. IT WAS FINE BEFORE UPDATE!!!!"FIX IT PLEASE
Couldn't get it to work on the HTC sense iPhone 4 and the samsung galaxy
Couldn't get it to work on the HTC sense iPhone 4 and the samsung galaxy
Doesn't work. I have read the directions, as has my husband and neither one of us can get it to work. Easier just to send in a message.
Over all a great app, but it wont let some apps download on my cousins phone.....thts the only con so other than tht great
This would b a great app if i could send music fix that and its 5 stars
Was working wonderfully on my Android Bionic. But since last update keeps closing unexpectedly!!!!!
This app is a great idea but if I wanna share photos it will only send a few of the ones I picked. Please fix this and I will give it a much better rating
It would be better if it works with music and video files too..anyway its good..
Sharing Videos would be nice.
Crashes on nexus 7
Sucksss that you cant share music..♬♬♬♪:-[ ♭or videos to iPhones....
So far so gd
I used to hav it bu i deleted it cos whatsapp is btr cos u can snd music nd vids. Its gon old so tuf luck!
It deserves the best if the photos remain their resolution after transfering to another phone.
Would give it 5 stars if sending music files were available!!!
Wish it was possible to bump actual files... Not just pictures and contacts and pointless things.
Good app, needs to swap mp3s, why does it need access to GPS & networks to track location of phone???
Get it
Worked for me once, but most of the time I will get a few different try again messages. Not for me I guess. Verizon gnex.
Doesn't support Kindle Fire.  How does this even work?  Bluetooth?
Saved me a lot of time... From galaxy s3 to iphone 4s
Can't do much with the item that was bumped across. Improve that and this application will be excellent
I am unable to get the photo transfer feature to work, after numerous attempts, and that's all I wanted Bump for. It is, however, a very nicely designed app. (Samsung Galaxy Nexus on Verizon with Android 4.0.4 ICS)
Why does it always keep losing connection while I still have 5 bars of WiFi connection!!
Until they remove unnecessary permission this remains uninstalled
When i first got my Droid Razr Maxx it worked great i bumbed w/ my ipad now since the update i cant bump at all please fix
I've tried continuously to Bump my PC but all I get is "Bump works better if you enable location on your browser". I enabled location when I first went to the site. So yeah, no go on droid charge
Never had one successful bump
I cannot for the life of me upload my photo to the business card, I cannot connect to some of the social networks, and app crashes if I play around with the photos tab. Disappointing.
Great concept. The problem I had was with the app showing recent photos. The app wouldn't update properly. Also very sluggish. However, fantastic concept and a lit to build on. When give it another try in a few months after the bugs are fixed. Could always just be my device!
Works phone-to-phone, but not phone-to-PC...tried the //bu.mp feature...useless.
The app needs some serious work. Bump my friend for half an hour and the phone keep showing me names of some other people I don't know, even tho they no where near me. I'm going to remove it and put it back when it works. For now, my Share feature is good enough, most importantly, works with out fail.
Wish it could do video and song!
Can't bump my location ever since update
Good ap but after installing it phished my email off my phone and started sending me unsolicited emails. Not cool!
You can basically do the same as SMS Texting. But it takes longer! You can't even bump music from one phone to other..which us why I wanted it...uninstall.
I was looking at the permissions required and do not understand why access to some of my personal/sensitive information is necessary. Please explain!
No work
Need 2 b able 2 move app 2 SD!
Would be nice to send video and music. they dont need to know my location.
The process force closes when you bump pictures on the Galaxy S2, but the app remains open.
love that you can share pics between phone and ipad it should have to share music then it be deadly
Won't bump between iPhone & android devices, & I'm talking about photos... Not apps which I understand are different...
If it worked with songs & sounds it'd be cool
Frequently crashes. Xoom
The apps works and the concept is wonderful but I wish there was an option to pick which data I want to see. All my photos were automatically visible in the app without being selective:/ I don't want all my info to show up in this app, that's scary! Could cause dangerous accidents. Let me choose from my phone, not from bump! If not I'd rather just send via bluetooth. Uninstalling until update.
STILL can't share videos and music on android after years, and countless updates???? Very disappointed!!  Thanks Bump team
I used this application against an iPhone; it worked only once and after that tried many times, but it didn't. Two stars just for a good concept, otherwise useless.
Ur a fag
Doesn't Work on my Transform.
Why does this app have permission to surf all my texts, data, contact data, etc.? Will get higher marks when u stop being so nosy!
It force closes every time I try to add a photo, making it unusable
It works but no music or any other types of files, just contact info, pictures and app recommendations, lame!
Its Super Lag,I cant bump! My phone is Galaxy  Ace
Why we can't send music and videos?
Sai sai sai
Tried to bump for 10 minutes with a GNexus and Nexus S and it didn't work, it would only give me a tip on how to do it right. Like the idea, but it doesnt function well.
It becomes more complicated to use with each update and less likely to work. Just tried bumping an iphone 4 with a htc thunderbolt, no go :(
Can't change photo on tab 7.7 gt-p6800. Oddly enough no problems with my galaxy y? Both are in the same wifi so it can't be bandwidth. Maybe not compatible with tablets?  Also would be nice if it can pull info from your google account.
Not as good as the apple version
I swear my knuckles started hurting from all the FAILED attempts with another phone and a tablet. A novel idea...will rate higher when it works more than once!
This would a great app if it worked everytime I bump it tells me to try again
You should let us bump music  to one another.
Besides the lack of sharing any type of file, the fact that sent photos are sized down is getting on my nerves! Deleted!
What about music?
great
I think they should suggest people because mayb u never see them and u cant bump?  Seriously they need to suggest peeople
why it cant bump songs? pls unpdate...
I use this app mainly so I can easily send over old pics to my new cellphone, but it WONT WORK. It does once in a while but then stops. Fix this!!!
And Twitter
It should have been left the way it was..this new update is SH**!!! it was simple to us before and even then 1 device can read the other..like I said this new update is F***EN SH**!!!
Doesn't work great and some features are missing in there Android version. Not bad overall, but nothing to get excited about.
Why not to make that photos in folders!!!
When I can share my music files on my Android galaxy 2. I'll give it a five.......
Took multiple bumps to transfer a test pic. I can text it faster. Even tried upping the sensitivity all the way, still took about 15 tries from g2x to sensation.
Doesn't work with ICS
A melhor forma de compartilhar fotos com aqueles chatos que tem iPhone. :)
Very nice application...
Don't like the new update. I liked the old and simple bump better.
I t wont work with iphone ipod
Cool but cannot send any file. So i still use bluetooth...
Works well but I would love for it to allow sharing of any file and the capability to send over bluetooth. Other than that, it does exactly what it advertises.
Not working properly on ICS. Don't really understand what the fuss is all about, since eth can be done more easier via BLUETOOTH. But nice UI though.
Why no music transfer option.  Everything this app does can be done by txting..
Photo sharers enjoy
How to send music to iPhone from android!
No music bump???  Why...not good without music option...did it not formerly include music???
It only works when I send it as message sometimes and never works when I try to bump it same with SO's phone. "Moterala milestone" and "Milestone plus"
I have both iPhone and Android phones, and I got the app solely  to transfer MUSIC, there's NO music option on the Droid just the iPhone smh. Step it up ANDROID!!!
Only 2 stars until you can transfer music. Why can the iphone app do that and the android app can't is beyond me. I'm sure android users can handle it Bump!
I liked the old design i knew where things were i really dislike the new set out i wish i could un-update it but i can't :( Oh and i go to save the changes to my card and goes back what i was before so i guess Im just stuck with the wrong number and no pic oh and my name spelt wrong x nice one bump you shouldn't have tried to fix something that wasn't broken
Works good but needs to be able to bump music.
Good if could share files , music  and maps
It force closes when I try to add a picture to my contact card. Does is still shrink photos I bump over? Lame......
Id love to be able to bump my resume...  But that needs file share not picture share... I can share pictures on fb that functionality is useless.
Essential app everybody with a smartphone should have this!
Works really well.
Doesn't interface well with other phones.
Description is misleading. You can't bump "two phones" together. Bump "two phones running Android", maybe. Feature parity with iPhone, please.
It ask my name i write it and guess what? ...always the same thing happend the app stop .. its work well on my ipod but not on my android  to bad  ...unistal
Another example of apple bribing companies into giving their users full access to certain apps. Not fair, but feel sorry for all apple users that cant see the future
I can't bump with other phones. The appear keeps telling me that it won't bump between any other phone. And there's not an option to share music and apps like there is for the iPhone. Please fix this and make it better.
Transferring apps is the only thing that works, needs improving.
Good when it works unfortunately that's not often.    HTC thunderbolt
I would reccomened this item to every but it has so far to go  Getting there though
Why can't I send or receive music
Why doesn't it have music? That's the only reason people want this app...to share music. Get music and it would be a great app.
Adding Music & carendar sharing will be excellent!
Of having bump and you can't use it with an iPhone?
Can't send music or files, too limited to have any practical uses. Very disappointed.
No music bump suck
Man it's. So bad
Y can't I bump music? It takes forever to connect with someone.
After trying to bump with my friend for a half hour we decided this app sucks donkey dick
I would like to be able to share calendars with my ipod.
Works when it wants to. Was great when it was first used....then downhill from there :(
Weird keep making this loud ticking sound on start and it want stop. I have to restart my phone to stop it....Huawei
New features are pretty useless to me and makes the app confusing.  I used to like the app but it's no longer for me.
Brilliant in theory, but only seems to work about 10 percent of the time rendering it rather pointless.
Can't bump music
Why the hell isnt it the same as Apple? Fix please.
But now it just crashes all the time (HTC Desire)
But now it just crashes all the time (HTC Desire)
This was great when I first downloaded it ages ago. However, for months now, every time I open it, it forces a reboot of my DroidX. What happened?
Only works sometimes, my wife and I have same phone samsung epic, tuff to bump
Would not work on my Samsung Galaxy Tab. The app crashes after i enter my contact info.  Uninstalled
You can't really share anything,  only your contact info, pictures, and a download link for an app *not* an actual app. Bluetooth is much better.
This is a great app and all but I dislike the fact that u can't clear the history!!!
Works fine for all files w diff phones but desperately needs a music bump feature.
Need to add file browsing to support any file, and add to "share" context menu for any apps such as gallery and voice recorder.
Great idea, doesn't work.
Should be sendable via this app not rating high
No music bump Why doesn't the android version allow music transfer?????
MUSIC!!!! make it available!!!
Sux cant send music
Please make it possible to send ANY files on the device!
When bluetooth file transfer works on ALL file types?
Still wound like to know why the iPhone bump can send music and the Android one can't. Would rate higher if they changed it.
NO MUSIC?!?!?  NO MUSIC?!?!? NO MUSIC?!?!?  NO MUSIC?!?!? :-(
I wanna be able to bump music from my ipod/Ipad to my DROID bionic!!! I can send music from ipod but can't receive on bionic!!! Fix!!!!
My screen wouldnt shut off, removed n reinstalled screen would then shut off but battery would discharge w in a cpl of hours w out use. Removed n ok
My screen wouldnt shut off, removed n reinstalled screen would then shut off but battery would discharge w in a cpl of hours w out use. Removed n ok
Nice concept, but does not work. Installs okay but always says connecting to network. Not worth the time.
Barely works
Would be 5 star if u could send music like on the IPHONE ..
does this require a facebook account?... Not cool...
Wth. Is the point of this if it does not allow you to transfer music
WAS ok. Before update. Keeps saying Network Unavailable with both phones fully connected to the internet. Now totally USELESS. DISAPPOINTMENT!!!
It keeps saying network unavailable even though wifi is on and location is turned on.
Poor integration, i.e., doesn't appear in 'share' menu.  Can only share contacts directly from the app - no search, or even alphabetical order!
Useless..keeps popping up force close, no good. Don't even bother I un installed it.
This app is ok but you should be able to bump music also
love it but would be better if i could bump other stuff like docs and songs to friends..
Can't share music on iPhone or ipod touch android is unsupported it doesn't make since
Can't share half of the stuff you can with the iPhone version .... no music no files
This version of Bump is no where near as good as the one you can get with Apple.
Wish it worked better...can't share music or apps but a great idea
This was a great app - when it worked months and months ago. However, the last few times I have tried to use it have been sadly unsuccessful. It almost never recognizes the other phone. I work for a cell phone company and attempted to show this to a customer today. But of course, when I needed it to work, it didn't.
You can just text a picture to someone, it takes about the same few steps. Decent app still
Used to work when I last used it a few months ago. Now it resets my phone upon opening.
I attempted to bump pictures so I could install new memory card and all of the selected pics didn't transfer.
will you not add music?
Kanon
Makes for sharing apps easy as pie.
My friend and I tried for about 45 minutes and it definitely doesn't work !!!!!!! We watched the video about a million times :'(
Great idea but I find that it takes awhile to acknowledge or transfer. Sometimes easier to email the info.
I keep trying, still won't connect... Or transfer
Idk doesn't seem to want to work (connect) with the incredible 1 ...
Will not connect when I bump with a HTC highly irritated
I don't know what they are thinking, but now contacts won't write to the address book. This defeats the purpose of the app, and makes it worthless.
Never works uninstall
Not really cross platform since android does not support music files or apps from iPod. The only thing I was able to bump from iPod were photos.
I've used earlier versions of bump, problem free. Not sure what changed, but this app has become too bloated and laggy to be practical.
I love this app, but for some reason it won't work unless both users have active data connection. Droid Incredible rooted.
D. Rr r
Cannot delete friends
No music :(
It's okay.
very cool love this app
I liked this app on the iphone, and when I moved to android and it came out I used it quite a bit. Recently, I discovered LBE, which allows you to limit app permissions. Once an hour (even when not running), bump tries to ask for my location. What the hell? It loses 4 stars for constantly requesting location for NO reason what-so-ever, and gains one back as a functional app. Without LBE, I would never use this app again.
Need to add music!
Takes forever to warm up and then keeps force closing. Wicker and easier to just send items thru text or to simply download app from market.
Making it better and better
Can't get app to work! Says no match bump again over and over. Droids
Hard to operate with my DroidX and Droid Incredible.
Why can't I share music like iPhone bump? So not cool...
How do I save pics that were bumped to me?
Great concept, but I have never gotten it to work. Never connects to who I bump even if both phones register the bump
This use to be easy to use. Now you have to go through 5 or more screens just to share a contact. You can tell someone the phone number quicker.
Works, but would be great to have an pp. of sharing songs on the android version. G2x
Works great even from iPhone to android
I can never connect. Droid 2 cm7
OK, doing well with improvements, but PLEASE ADD Music & Video sharing...!
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Seems like fine app, but why using 4MB total? Need to reduce bloating, define cache.
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
On the Droid x, everytime I open this app, it restarts my phone. Fix it and ill give it 5 stars.
I agree it would be nice to bump mp3 files...don't know if I'll be keeping this for long.
Nice but sometimes it will say you have an app but it doesn't come thru and you can't delete it out of your bump log.
Good app which is easy to use. It's a shame you can't bump songs though:(
Bah takes several attempts to work, and then u cant save pic's or contacts info to ur phone others send u, & cant delete messages either.....
When it actually detects who you are "bumping" it works great; however, it does not recognize other phones easily at all.
When it actually detects who you are "bumping" it works great; however, it does not recognize other phones easily at all.
Sses. . . Sdd 2. Sdsdsdcs. Dw. Dsd. D. Wsd. V. D. Vvsss dsssddsf. V Dc dd. V. Wdssd.
Sses. . . Sdd 2. Sdsdsdcs. Dw. Dsd. D. Wsd. V. D. Vvsss dsssddsf. V Dc dd. V. Wdssd.
Only available options are to share a contact or picture, or to suggest an app, which is pretty pointless.. Expected better
I think this app must be upgraded to share music and files with other devices like i phone.
Awesome fun when it works
Its really unaccurate , and difficult to use , its alright once it finally works though.
TTRrdeffredffvvfrfdevTTRrdeffredffvvfrfdevRrdeffredgtttrdrtttfrfgffgftrrffefesweefrrfeWwwfewee,fr,dre fde,drfdr&derffffderefeevfrdvRrdeffred
Include an option of sending videos and Music
Did a Bump with my husbands HTC One S and got my photo, but also got pics from someone else that he nor I have ever met!
I use this only in hopes the developers make it more reliable. I usually beam whatever I want by Bluetooth after 8-9 bump attempts to Droids and Samsung phones.  Android 4.1 Share option poorly implemented and NEVER attaches photo or contact without reselecting from within Bump interface. Cute idea. Poor implementation but I remain hopeful.
Just discovered that the bump reduces the res of the pictures!!
It's great to share pics and contacts. But I wish it could have a mode where transfers could happen over blue tooth, from inside the bump interface a device list could be shown. Or if transfer can be delayed to auto magically start when data services are available next
This is a gret app but for some reason when I updated the app I lost all my activites but gained some! It now says Ive been sharing pictures with someone from around the world. I can see all the photos they have sent. Any one else had this problem??
I'll give it 5 stars when it gives us the option to send music & videos
Its ok but the app should also allow us to bump music and video
Photos isnt 100% quality
It worked awesome. I think after update it doesn't load anymore. So sad because it is an awesome app when it works.
Great app, but should really think about bumping videos too
It works great for apps and pics but I was under the impression that it would allow you to share/"bump" music as well. Something that y'all should consider working on.
it was letting me bump photos to my android from ipod.
Could work in a pinch, if I couldn't send pictures to my friend by text. I suggest file and music sharing as well, that would make the app worth the five stars.
Having a hard problem connecting and keeping connection . Used to work before
Love this app but its a real disappointment that I can not really compatible with instagram. The photos that I had bumped over from my phone to my tablet will not upload onto the other app =(. If this cold be fixed the app would be a 5 star
Hope dis good
Make it so u can bump between an iphone and an android
Great app! Would be better if you could bump videos and or music.
When it works it's pretty cool. I gave my friends severl contacts at once. And it helps them find a specific app. But I have some problems 'bumping'.
Desire hd...doesņ t work...force close from last update
Worked fine before. Now, pictures are not saving to my phone and its frustrating... Fix asap please!!
It will be much better when you can see music through it but at the moment this version of the app doesn't do it! :(
nice app worth downloading !
I hope this works:-*
When I discovered this app I thought, wow what a great idea, sharing directly through wireless! Bumping is just a gimmick really but I didn't mind. Then I discovered that all the photos I shared with my friends had been converted to very low resolution ones by the program without any notification! There's no option to disable this in the program either.. You won't find this information in the Google play page and I was really disappointed..
This app has come a long way since first using it. I am happy to see it is a lot more user friendly. I wish I could share videos though.
Would really like to share music too please update ty
Monn approves
It deleted all my pictures that were stored on my SD card
Good work
It's ok for larger files,  but it's honestly easier to text pictures phone to phone
But doesn't transfer the original photo, & you lose filename, size, etc. Just not worth taking up space on my phone.
Need upgraded so it can sent videos
its good:)
CANNOT SEND MUSIC!!!
Will rate 5 stars if bump can share other files such as .ppt, .mp3, .mp4, .avi, .3gp, etc.
Love this app! Can even bump with other phones like iPhone! Lost all my contact n got them back using Bump with friends n family! G2X L.O.V.E. TO DEVELOPER!!!
Z
Only photos
very bad since the update!!!!!!!!!
Just used it for the first time to put photos on my computer. A little frustrating because it kept thinking I bumped when I was just holding the phone. I adjusted the sensitivity and it still did it. Finally got the photos to bump after 5+ attempts. Still much easier than other ways to share photos
Bump Would Be Alot Better If It Included Music (FULL Songs) & Videos.
It's okay.
Kinda works.
So cool well it was its having truble
I've tried several times times to download this app but unsuccessful. Won't waste more time.
Good but it won't save pictures in my gallery. HTC Sensation 4G
I like this app, but when I am sleeping the service runs by itself. It is also the highest usage of the battery. Please fix it.
Could do with the music transfer option as well not sure why its not their but i downloaded this thinking i would be able to transfer music just like i could my iPod
Bumping an app just sends the link to download the app which seems a bit pointless. Easy and quick to send photos though
No need since nfc
They don't tell you that you must have your WiFi on in order for it to work. Also, it takes a number of'bumps' for it to start working. Once pics are on Bump website, Download All button doesn't work and all moved pics disappear. I moved 31 pics and had to go one by one moving them onto my computer.
Both (pc and phone) have to connected internet, it is not really great.
Will not let me upload to Facebook from bu.mp! Get it fixed, might get better ratings!
Great app
Want to bump music but other wise its good and compatible with most other mobs :)
This app used to have the function to bump files like songs or ringtones, but now its only contacts or photos? Lost half its usefulness right there.
It's good but only for fotos
Good
Five star when music sharing is added
I would give it 5 stars if you could bump music too
Not bad if got use data package.. but I use Bluetooth onli
Why i cant send music =(
Very good but I think you should be able to send songs.. otherwise great...
Would be 5 stars if you could bump mp3s.
I like the older version better when u could bump songs I was hoping for it in the new update but I see you havnt. thinking I might delete bump now
Would get 5 stars but no video or song sherry also use to have longer search time. some devices to know all have the same sensitivities so when you bump it it will not sync
Didn't work with iPod touch
Good ap but after installing it phished my email off my phone and started sending me unsolicited emails. Not cool!
Good ap but after installing it phished my email off my phone and started sending me unsolicited emails. Not cool!
It would be better if we can bump music and video xD
Nothing happens when hit to other phone. No sign of pop-up screen.
Obviously you will never be able to share music with this. Legal troubles galore.
Itsok
However does not notify me when i get new photos. Disconnects once i switch to another app.
Bump it
Wish i would bump music.. Thats the only reason i got this app!!
Doesnt work for me. But premise is good
The app does what it says but I the ability to share files would make it perfect.
....
Sometimes it doesn't want to get connected.
I think this app would be awesome if you could send songs. Otherwise it's no use.
Doesn't share nicely with iPod  Apart from dat ossum app
1st got it earlier 2day was working fine and now keeps saying error. Unistalled it 5 times now.
I use to use bump via bluetoorj but now you require a network connection so if you have data its fine.
It is quite simple and easy but it should be able to send more type of files specially music. Ghen it wud be 5 stars!!!
Would u like me to send u my d.l.# and social also!!!
Not saving received pics to download file
Bump is great for transfering pix & contacts. Is there a way to transfer MUSIC???
Did not sync with android EVO
Only thing its missing is the fact that we can't send music once you add that it would be the best app ever
Nice, never new any one could make something like this!
It was unique when it was launched but now there are many other apps which does this and more.
Good
Out of the blue I started getting errors whenever I try to send a photo. I can receive them fine but they won't send. I've tried restarting my phone and reinstalling the app but it hasn't fixed it. Please fix this for me! I love using bump to transfer my files :(
But only some of the time...
I cannot authenticate my Twitter account from Bump.
Can't send songs :(
like the app but doesn't transfer bump contacts to new phone :(
This app is pretty awesome. Just needs to be able to share music and videos.
This is an amazing app but the only thing it needs is the software to send music through it as well n then it will b a massive hit with every1
Needs to b able to share music n b more user friendly!
Love this app but it doesn't aways work. Tried to bump with a HTC & it took forever. Had to hold phone just right :-(
Need the option to select a specific file or files. And also the option to pump an application by its apk and not a likk to thr market.
Tapi jarang di pake
It would be better if apps could be shared.
I hope they will make it possible to share music like the iPhone or to bump files on your SD card
Bump is a realty good way to photos nd stuff
I love the concept and that sharing/ transferring photos on here is easier than bluetooth, but sometimes the bump with the space bar is extremely finicky and doesn’t work as planned.
Why can't we send musics -2 stars for that
Android vs iphone. Worked only once. Other times nit able to copy photo.
Works but sometimes very slow. Notification of txt messages doesn't work unless app is open since last update. Would be 4 stars if they can fix that....
Stopped working after some time,now says not connected when i have network acces
..but has too many permissions and needs to allow for more "bumpables", why no videos?
Just havent been able to use it once
Gimmicky idea, but there are so many other ways to share stuff that are more simple as in pressing a button
Good to send pics and apps - but shouldn't we be able to send songs and videos as well?
Would have 5 stars if I cud transfer music files
Can't send songs like I used to
where is music sync......like to bump videos too......this app is very simple to use.....improve graphics......copied from nokia!!!!!!.......it's frustrating that we can bump only by opening the app.....like to use it outside the app too.......fix these.....like to share photos by folder,other than sharing them by selecting from all mixed at one place.....please fix these....RAJ
needs to bump the apk, not just the link....
Bring audio and music .. also video
bring audio and file share support n it doesnt find bump users frm my contacts..
Really handy to have.
Please add nfc capabilities for when Internet is not available
I can now text all of my friend  for free and sent awsome smilys
Good app I just hate that it doesn't bump music and stuff like the Apple version. They need to update the Android version like the Apple one.
It worked better before the update
It does what it says and I forget some times that its on my phone because its rare to find someone else who uses it.
It would be cooler of you can send music and videos
I like it
I don't understand how an update can take away features as important as sending music and apps!! I have an ipod and the iOS ver allows those, why would you remove them from the android one? That being said, it sends photos perfectly well, so thank you.
Requires location sercices. No thanks
It sounds amazing! But does the other person have to have this app aswell for it to work?
Ok
Please add song bump capability
I like bump! <3 bump!
I think it is good but u need WiFi to send each other messages and i think u should be able to send songs or at least request songs?
Nice ... But need an option to share songs also.
I got this app so I can transfer photos from my phone to iPad. It doesn't transfer all selected photos, and they are all out of order. Makes it difficult to properly create an album.
Good app, but why can't we bump music? Its ridiculous.
Sometimes it requires more like a knock rather than bump to do the job.
It sticks to "updating" or won't even download
To bad cant share multimedia files... Pretty useless on android
It lacks music transver so blutooth better
I wish we can bump music...
I have used it on my iphone and had option to select all contacts in iphone app but that option is not available in andriod app...????
Maybe 1 day lol
It's a cool app, but it's absolutely useless unless you're tyring to send like 50 images.
I can't bump with my buddy's iphone. It also takes to long to connect to the network.
Bump does not send music
would be better if you could somehow get it to work on iphones and such .
would be better if you could somehow get it to work on iphones and such .
I see the iphone having the option why not us...???  Wtf android rules come on bump give us music option...
nice app,but how to save the bump contact into you mobile contact list?
Good
great, awesome
So both parties should have the bump to be able to use this app!???  Plz answer
how to tranafer?? plz help
But why cant i share my music or many other of MY files from MY phone???
Dam good app
But sometimes it hangs and tend to loose a pic or two
It is great!!!!!!!!
Please beware that this app does not actually use magic to work. There is no such thing as magic.
The ipod version doesnt force you to turn on location data, so why does the android version? Connecting to other devices can be annoying but lets me trade pics to my camera-less ipod and vice versa.
Very good app but it would ve perfect if it shares audio files as well.
A melhor forma de compartilhar fotos com aqueles chatos que tem iPhone. :)
Worked fine for three transfers. Now crashes every time I try to send more pics to my ipad from my android phone. Good idea, fails in execution.
Very nice app, however "bump" sensitivity needs to be increased a bit more. Increasing in the settings doesn't help much. Currently more of a punch feeling than bump
I use tourist app named Tourist Eye. The problem is, that this and many other apps have lot of pictures (i mean lot, over 1000 pictures in them. I cannot choose folders that I want to exclude from these that I'll share pics from. And I dont want to search 1000 pictures by hand to find the right one. Please make a possibility to exclude some folders from share pictures.
Its a pretty cool app but one down fall. I would like to also bump music files please. The ipod can send music files from one another. But other devices it won't.
Just a another way of sending card via internet... only the shake event added ; nothing different - it even annoys smthms
I don't own an Android just for being different to an iPhone, I own it because I want to avoid restrictions over the stuff I wantto share.  Where is the video, music and ringtone sharing?
Its beyond me why the developer has not included music transfer into this app, when the most lockdown phone about "iphone" has had this option for quite a while now. for this I deduct 1star
Its beyond me why the developer has not included music transfer into this app, when the most lockdown phone about "iphone" has had this option for quite a while now. for this I deduct 1star
Takes many tries to work.. needs improvement..
Laggy
Can't bump other devices lately. G2x/Droid RAZR
is a must?
Fix the bug in deleting your chats in messenger then it'll get 5 star.
Needs a way to refresh photos. Showing pics that have been deleted
this is good app. but i hope music transfer option will be add in next version. thanks.
Would love for it to bump music...why is it on the iPhone and not the Droid? Lame, please update your app.
This doesnt work with mobiles enabled with NFC....
it was a best app if it can send media files like a clip video, song or voice and in a part of share app, not all app show and can send but have some app pleae prefix and develope to the best app on market, thank.
i would give 5stars if its altering me to sent media s as in Iphone apart from love it well done guys !
ok naman masayA
D
Both installed then tried to "bump"contact info and it didn't work...eventually got it but still not sure what happened, so doesn't seem as straight forward as you would expect. Would have been four stars if you could bump music or video.
Can't update to the latest version :(
My wife and I use it all the time it can transfer everything from photos to applications it is amazing and you can yext through it as well. I have had amazing luck with it and would recomend it to anybody that is a hard working parent to that individual climbing the corporate ladder.
Just get NFC phone.
This App is really cool !!! But it would have been awesome if it would have been able to send music and videos...
However it is limited to share photos, contacts and app suggestions. No vídeo, no songs, no other files.
Why fix something that's not broke. The old bump worked just fine.
But STILL can't bump from my iphone 4S to my galaxy nexus.. Never have been able 2, only pics and not as many as I want?! **laughing @ the people saying, have to hit/bump phones really hard**  Try wrapping ur hand round ur ph and bumping ur hands u trippa's
A lot of time we hv to hit d phones realli realli hard in order to connect....
Does what it says, but why can't we send other files besides pictures?
Music sharing for ios but not for Android? What gives?!?
Add music sharing...ipone 4s have it so why cant Androids?!
Add Music Please ..!
This NEEDS video sharing. Mp3 too if theres no stupid copyright issues.
Cannot BUMP with the iPhone. Nonetheless, BUMP is a great app. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
Why isn't music an option to bump?
"bugfixes" is not a changelog, what did you fix?
Great for contacts dropbox takes care of the rest
REALLY needs to be able to share music. Apple products can. Android needs to step it up
ok, but it needs tp be able to share videos and other files... pictures and contacts I can do from gmail or text :-/
The ios version of this app allows music sharing. Without that, this app is pretty much useless.
Works fine on Droid with Froyo. Doesn't work on gNex with ICS. Just stops after info page.
My girls iphone version of bump has a lot of options and sharing ability. The one for my driod powered photon only shares photos and contacts.. if i could share files and music too id love the app
I'll give it 5 stars once it's able to bump music
Would be better if it connected better! Seems to miss more often than not.
Would love this app a lot better if it were able to bump music.
However i miss the option to transfer files.
Lately it has been crashing quite often please look in to it
It ok I guess needs kooler stuff more inproved stuff music like other peeps say and more
sends music, please.
Awesome game!!! Very addicting
It's hanging with my nexus
Needs music sharing on HTC sensation xe otherwise excellent
Superp
Kinda fun & cool app. Works great with the iPhone
Worked better on iPhone.
Constantly makes connecting click as soon as i open app
Bump is alright its somtimes gets really annoying when it tells me to force close the app. It's not the best...
A most have share music & videos :P:P:P:P:P:P
The app is ok but they need to install the function for bumping music and videos like the iPhone. Other than that its an ok app. Please upgrade.
If it did I would give it 5 stars!
Okay app
Requires location services after update. Don't see the need for location in this type of app. I will uninstall
Requires location services after update. Don't see the need for location in this type of app. I will uninstall
not bad at all. worth a play with
Only missing music though.
Whats the point if it doesnt do music
Wish you could bump music...
Downloaded this app to share music just to find out that's not an option. Needs music option and it would be perfect! Aside from that pretty cool app.
You need to add the same bump functions that the iphone bump has.. "Music", "Calendar" and "Social Networks" Thank you
Good. Don't need music transfer cause kept on card. Work on other improvements instead.
They have it where you can bump music on the iPhone but they are still working on it for Android phones
Neeeeed music plz. With music 5 stars
Can do better put music and its 5 stars
3 stars, 5 when u add music, great app though!
pls add music
is very handy i love it
Great app, LOVE IT!
Shit u can only send photosynthesis and apps. What about songs?
Works fine on my htc desire but not on my Eee pad
Can't send music or files, too limited to have any practical uses. Very disappointed.
Update to appstore version :(
Its good but untill you'll be able to transfer music on this ill give it 5 stars...
I just got my new Droid yesterday and thought it would be great to transfer my contacts and some pictures from my old iphone. The contacts works really well. I found the photos lacking. I can view them in-app, but not in gallery. Sometimes it would put some of the pictures into gallery, but it never did all of them. I even tried sending smaller batches. It does not seem to want to transfer more than about 16 photos at once. If this could be fixed, it would be a great app.
It's kool...
Where's the mp3 option to bump mp3s over to my ipod? Ipod has this already...c'mon android, get with it..
Where's the mp3 option to bump mp3s over to my ipod? Ipod has this already...c'mon android, get with it..
I would like to be able to share calendars with my ipod.
Can't bump music
Doesnt allow music form ipod bump to be transfered  :( fix for 5 stars
Watched the preview video and it says it does music, but that is false. Would be a 5 star if it did.
Good app the only problem is u need to add music to be able to bump! Just like the ipod version!
On Android you cannot share your music and calendar, like on an iPhone. (I wonder why!) This makes Bump functionally incomplete.
Would like to send music.
Would like to send music.
Would love this app if it could transfer music like the iOS app can, but until then I'll give it three stars
It's make a irritating til tik sound during bump & unable to stop without restarting. Please fix this.  Huwaie U8500.
EVERY time I move my phone when bump is running it plays a notification tune, even though notifications AND ringtone is OFF in bump.
Over all a good app
Good, but falls short. Definitely needs to exchange music and calender events as advertised.
its great app.5 stars:)
Brilliant in theory, but only seems to work about 10 percent of the time rendering it rather pointless.
Not all apps are bumpable, music files aren't bumple for android.  3 stars till then.
should be able to send music though
Does what a human can Di however it is 1 second.d faster
But now it just crashes all the time (HTC Desire)
It won't let me bump music but my boyfriend can on his
I like being able to share info with my hubby without having to enter everything manually. However, it sometimes takes awhile to sync.
This app use to be a cool app before all the updates. Now i have to bump twice to match somebody....
This was great when I first downloaded it ages ago. However, for months now, every time I open it, it forces a reboot of my DroidX. What happened?
Good idea but needs refining. Why does it need my location when i send stuff? For people in the same room, why not bluetooth it? Why use up my data?!
Good idea but needs refining. Why does it need my location when i send stuff? For people in the same room, why not bluetooth it? Why use up my data?!
Won't rate 5 till music is added!
This app needs to support music !!!!
Don't know why i bother with app i only use it once every blue moon.
Didn't work at all on my Galaxy S, but works well on my HTC Sensation. Really needs to bump Music. Please make music bumpable.
Desperately need to bump music files... Plz change t in next version... Neway nice to see bump on android version...
I love this app it makes it so much easier to share pictures, you don't have to send them one at a time through mms...yay!
Bitter disapointment.  Tried 3 different downloads over last month. Same problem...never connects.
Really good, but should be able to share music.
I wish y'all should share music -____-
Second update and still no music bump and it's standard on the iproducts 5 stars when music added/amy go in your settings and turn up your sensitivity
Cool
It is awesome! It's like magic! How can it know who fist I'm bumping? It's sorcery for sure...but I'm ok with that...I think:S:)
Disappointed I can't transfer music from my ipod which does support music files on the Bump app
When it works it's great. Sometimes the pictures don't show up even though it shows they transfered.  Add video sharing too.
So, Bump is an app that works sometimes, doesn't most times... But when it does, it makes transfer quick and easy.  Please add MUSIC transfer!!
Ok pretty cool concept and all but without music sharing it kind of sucks
why doesn't it let us send songs and videos anymore???? the older version used to let us :/
I rate it 3 stars
Works good. Wish you could send music.
Works good. Wish you could send music.
Make it be able to bump music
Doesn't share files like zip files. Soooo lame
Works 1/2 the time.
Needs    to send music also,please update and it will be a 5star
It works better on my iPod touch than this Android phone. Droid 2
Trying to set this app up to bump with my boyfriend's phone was frustrating and annoying.  Once it recognized his phone though, it works great!  Faster to send pics through Bump than through texts (where I have to wait for them to download).
Need to be able to share music
Need to be able to share music
Ok
Not as good as the bump app my wife has on her iPod so for the android phone app leaves a lot  to be desired
Its cool except can't bump music ...:(
Poor integration, i.e., doesn't appear in 'share' menu.  Can only share contacts directly from the app - no search, or even alphabetical order!
In iphone we can share our music also
love it but would be better if i could bump other stuff like docs and songs to friends..
Would be great if it had messageing features to the standard of whatsapp and blackberry messager. Otherwise great. And perfect better than on iphone.
wish I could transfer more stuff.
I LIKΣ IT
Does what it should, but can't transfer music even between droids. I BOUGHT AN ANDROID NOT AN IPHONE FOR A REASON.
how to share a generic file? Song? Pdf
Love it!
Very handy app saves you lots of money once up bump some one its free great if your stuck on a contract
getting a new phone? download bump and transfer all your contacts and photos with ease!!
tried to bump with I phone for music but droid is unsupported. =[
Would be twice as useful if I could send _any_ file. I know iPhone users don't have the luxury of having access to the file system, but don't limit Android also!
This version of Bump is no where near as good as the one you can get with Apple.
If it was able to bump music and videos
It just needs music and app sharing, then it will be baller.
Good app, jus hate the photos it forces on ur gallery
This was a great app - when it worked months and months ago. However, the last few times I have tried to use it have been sadly unsuccessful. It almost never recognizes the other phone. I work for a cell phone company and attempted to show this to a customer today. But of course, when I needed it to work, it didn't.
Has trouble syncing at times but otherwise a good app.
Possible to bump MUSIC please... Will give 5 stars. SGS Vibrant
Possible to bump MUSIC please... Will give 5 stars. SGS Vibrant
Would b nice if we could Bump music too!
Love it! Sometimes it's slow and doesn't always show friend's but heaps quicker than Bluetooth...
Would be better if you could also send mp3s and video also
Make a breaze to share data between phones
Would rate five stars if u would be able to delete messages and delete contacts....have people showing up in my friends list that I don't know?
But no support of music :( Lg Optimus
No support of music, social network, or calendared but like the iOS has...
Can't get music from my iPod
Will not connect when I bump with a HTC highly irritated
soso
Would be better if you could send music
Really cool app. Should come standard on phones.
Can't send everything to iPhone. In future please make it able to send more than just pics.
Needs music and videos.
Good but should be able to send videos
Cool concept,I like it, but it still seems easier to exchange things the old fashioned way.
Had to adjust bump sensitivity, but it works great.
Had no issue running on SGSii connecting to a HTC Sensation. Took one star off since it doesn't connect all the time with bump. Could be my technique.
This app is very broken. It was better before update. Uninstalled.
It's crazy cool!
It's okay.
Works great on HTC EVO, stalls a lot when trying to share with Samsung Epic. Please update app to share music.
Works as it says, however how about getting the app to link to Facebook as the iPhone version does...5 stars await if you do it. Thanks.
Would be alot better if you could send more things but it never finds a network for me so theres no point ey
Why doesn't it work wit blackberry's??
Evo
Cufusing on how to use
You cant send or recieve music
Usually takes loads of bumps before it detects the phone you're trying to connect to
Need to add music!
Need to add music!
It's one of those things that sound awesome, but that you always end up not using. Too bad.
Bumping is somthing of an art. This needs to become easier if it is to garner more acceptance.
Works great with the samsung infuse
Connect the first try but got better good app ezee to use.
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
Nice app and ideal. Works well. Only issue is it reduces quality and image size. Should enable Bluetooth or something to persevere picture quality.
Sometimes have an issue with force closing, otherwise a great app!
Of course it can send music or any file via a file explorer,then select share via bump, its not that hard.
Why can't I share music like iPhone bump? So not cool...
Why can't I share music like iPhone bump? So not cool...
Details as havng privacy & securty issu. Both users need 2 hav bump installd,on device.Not r8ng u lo, but prob uninstallng, as not needed.
Doesn't let me find friends through my address book!!! Mytouch 4g... Please make an option or fix!!!
... it is great, when it doesn't it sucks.
This use to be easy to use. Now you have to go through 5 or more screens just to share a contact. You can tell someone the phone number quicker.
Would be better but cannot connect to my friends tablet.
Good app. But would give 5 stars if I could delete history of the chats. That's important to me and I can't do it.
Love the idea but I usually have to bump 3 to 10 times before it successfully connects, if it does. When it works it's cool though.
I like this app!!!!!
Works great even from iPhone to android
Slow and freezes. When attaching a contact to share they don't seem to be in any order and I can't use such.
Trying to send contacts Bump fails with error message "stopped unexpectedly"
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
Can't bump music files with this, so pretty much useless to me.
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Makes my life a whole lot easier!
iPhone already V 2.5 or above,here just V 2.1,I can't receive music from iPhone....plz upgrade!!!
Hi! I really like the way this app makes sharing pictures so easy! But I don't understand how to save pictures that I've received from my friend.. Could someone explain? :)
Seems like fine app, but why using 4MB total? Need to reduce bloating, define cache.
Would be a 5 if I could send music and videos. Cool otherwise but kinda useless.
But wish i could bump videos and music. Received some pics and cant view them :( atrix 4g at&t
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Needs to be able to send music!!
Needs to be able to send music!!
Pretty cool concept. But it honestly doesn't work sometimes. I know how to work it and I've read all the troubleshooting but it just doesn't work.
Great app!!!! Would be better if music and videos could be shared
Great app!!!! Would be better if music and videos could be shared
Best way to share photos to computer easily
Like this a lot. Feel like a magician using it,lol. Wish we could do this with music and other files.
Should be a standard function.
Needs music switch
Wonderful app i would rate 5 stars if it contains music transfer. Please add this ill be very happy But i like bumping with your PC
The quality of pic transferred is not good....but is a a great app
Great app. ESPECIALLY for technological beginners.. Love it!
Great app. ESPECIALLY for technological beginners.. Love it!
Its great for those who don't have nfc enabled phones.
Terrible app. Not even functional without wifi apparently. Come on, there's not exactly a wifi network everywhere you go. I do believe I could use VERBAL COMMUNICATION to trade contacts or share pics/videos over bluetooth well before most people could figure out how to even properly use this awful app. So I ask again: Seriously?
Good app, but why does it need GPS ???
I'd love to be able to move arbitrary file types - audio, Office docs, etc
5 stars if you add music sharing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The idea of sending of data and files from one phone to another and now from your phone to your PC is simply amazing It's an added convenience Unfortunately it doesn't work all the time Sometimes I would have to repeat the whole selection thing again and then send because it didn't work the first time around  Nice app though
Now I can share photos with my iPhone friends. However could you give us the option to send the full resolution of the photo? Thanks!
Very nice
Needs to go strait to phone and when you bump it should go strait to the phone that it was bumped or sent to
It works great for apps and pics but I was under the impression that it would allow you to share/"bump" music as well. Something that y'all should consider working on.
Its a good app but would love to see them make it possible to bump music as well
Once great app is now completely useless. Also, you don't need my gps location.
I cant find the photos location after bumping them ? Plz help ? x
Would be five stars but I wanna share songs... So four because of that
This is a cool app
Bump should have an update to share music via Bump with the other person
Almost good because you can't bump games
Gudwork
This app works easily and fast! Thanks for new ways to sync my devices. Awesome app!
Awesome app! Luv how u can literally "bump" ur phones together & get a pic or what u want from a friend.
No music other wise a nice app!!!
Although... Music sharing is missing
This a much easier way to bluetooth things to iPhones and android phones. It would be good if you could send music,though. It is also annoying that you need wifi unless you have built-in wifi... But other than those things I love it!
Needs to be able to transfer music and apps cuz some apps I need on my iPod but can't get them!
Great concept, but terrible execution. Tried bumping my htc incredible s with an iphone and it took several tries.
Good
Its a great app cant find any faults wiv wha it does but think it would be much better if u can bump videos and music
Great app, totally love it but if you could bump videos across then that would be fantastic. X
It would be better if it works with music and video files too..anyway its good..
Tried moving images and its like butter from my nexus 7:-)
If you could make it bump music thatd be great! 5 stars when you fix it lol
I love how I can Bump photos from my iPad2 and my Huawei Mercury
Often crashes on my note. Please check any bugs. Still a nice app ;)
I love this app, but could you maybe make it so that you can bump music too.
Please allow to bump music!
Please allow to bump music!
Great app! Would be better if you could bump videos and or music.
Good app but its needs to be able to bump mp3
its great
Very cool. But sucks that you cannot pass on music.
Can't bump music between anroid devices
Make provisions for sending muzic also...
Like it a a lot but please make VIDEO bump
Needs music transfer too...
Very good app! So much easier that txtin pics back n forth!
I would have given it a 5 star if it could share music.
This app is great but it will be perfect if it allows you to share music with eachother :) please allow music transfer :)
I like this app, but can you make it bump musics? tnx.
Overall the app is good & continues to improve but speed when switching between settings or different tabs, etc. is slow regardless of the device you use. The info it pulls for your profile seems to be random on some devices, needs a better option to allow you to import a contact of your choice instead of having to reenter all your info again. Fix these issues, especially the speed one and the import one and it would be 5 stars easily. New phones have NFC, this app needs to improve fast or be left behind.
The photos in my selection are not the photos indicated to be, for example i.send a photo because of the icon but it is not what I wanted to send and I also just tried sharing from my gallery but right when I send it it's different
Would like to bump music and would get 5 stars from me! Thanks!!
good
Great app.. I love when i can get something bumped to me that i want from someone else.s phone! very cool. Hopefully soon i will be able to send individual things like certain songs and such.. Can u make that happen?
How do you save shared photos on your phone??? Plz help
Really good way of transfering pictures for free and apps, I love how you bump to get someone else love it xx
It is Awesome app...although it will be good if we can send media file such as music n all..
Really cool app. Work great and fast
wish you could send music n' stuff
Other than that no complaints. I wish every single person in my life had this.
We tried to bump my ipod touch and my andriod phone but they didnt match up!!!!!! Uhg if only...
Works ok... gotta bump fists not phones took a while to get that right.
If you could add a text like a note section for a little message.
It deserves the best if the photos remain their resolution after transfering to another phone.
Love it
Like the 1970's. I like its a must have. U can do a lot with apps.
I Love love love (:
It makes sharing videos and pics very easy, but I'd like to be able to share straight up files from my phone, like non-market apks
please update for music sharing  galaxy nexus.
I like it.It does what it says.
I just wish that i could bumb songs but other then that this app is the best!!! ;)
It's a great app, it has lots of potential. I'd like to be able to share videos and maps by bumping phones together, like Android Beam can. The option to turn off the vibration when bumping phones would also be good.
Itzzzz simply gr8888
This is a great app, but no matter what provider your galaxy nexus is on, there is always some sort of little thing in the program that the nexus does not like and screws up either really badly or minorly. Thanks for listening.
Sending anything through bump is very quick than bluetooth or anyrhing else,but i would b very happy if they allow sending video files :)
should be 5 stars if it doesnt force close when log in to twitter. hope you fix it!
Like the physicality of the "bump" action. Works great between my HTC phone and wife's Acer tablet. Would be good if you could bump videos.. couldn't get that to work.
So far so good!!!!
Yeah what the other guy said about the files and music is true please work on that.......but I love the app anyways
but u most improve it like adding sending photo and video and a file or song!!!! or making a pc app its so bad u need to go to website but really cool app and its better to sue ip address or Bluetooth or chose it in app!
Doesn't support Kindle Fire.  How does this even work?  Bluetooth?
This is one of the best apps available!!! Especially as you can connect with iPhones and iPod touches. It is annoying that iPod touches cannot receive apps and android phones cannot receive music it is also quite slow
Very useful
You should do general file sharing as well
So good, I have it on my phone and my ipod and works well for both. Love it <3
Would have given it five stars if it could bump videos!
Sahi h vaise.. Lolz
This app is amazing!!! So happy to find this!!! But I wish I could send files and music :/
Everything Oscar great only thing I want is to transfer musics that will be great
Works great!
Just about perfect but it needs to be able to bump music like the iPhone version
But it would be great if we could send music and files to friends. Can you please try to upgrade bump.so that it can do that?
This is cool
Why does it always keep losing connection while I still have 5 bars of WiFi connection!!
Awesome
Love the wireless ability but bumping is a hit and miss,maybe I am just not cool enough to bump. As for transferring I find by shaking or rattling both phones at the same time, pictures roll out quite easily.
Fat.
Too bad this wasnt installed automatically on everyone's phone... it should be! Can't wait for it to be able to share even more eith just a bump ;-D
i am happy to have bump for sharing numerous pictures instantly..but once i tried sending video to my friend and i ended up getting disappounted.on finding out that it diesn't allow video sharing..so i would just like to request for a video sharing feature too..that'd be great..
Hey I just met you. And this crazy. But we both have smart-phones. So Bump me maybe?
I transferred some pictures from my Galaxy Note to my laptop. Observations:.....I read that the computer's spacebar was to be bumped with the phone. However, the popup messages inform that the phone must be banged hard enough that you can feel the buzzing of its internal vibrating device (they don't tell you this here). I was going bang, bang, bang with my phone on my computer's spacebar, and it occurred to me that this banging couldn't be doing much good to either my phone or my laptop....I finally found out that you don't really need to hit your computer's spacebar. It is okay to tap your phone anywhere on your computer's body while pressing the computer's spacebar at the same time with the other hand. I then placed a folded cloth on my computer to avoid damage, and tapped on that. It worked.... So, no need to bang your phone on your computer's spacebar and damage both devices just to send a picture. Instead, place some padding on your computer's body, and tap your phone on that while pressing the spacebar with your other hand.......UNINSTALLED.... File transfer over bluetooth is simpler, without banging up my devices. Use Bump only if you desperately need to look "cool".
This app is awesome all you need to do is bump a friends phone. Litteraly BUMP!!!
It's a great idea and makes sharing and syncing much easier. However, there should be a way to enable Bluetooth sharing for those with small data plans. Also, bumping songs or playlists, etc would be awesome.
Great when it works...EVO
This does the wirelss part so gr8 that, we will forget the usb data cabel!!!
It's a great app but, I'm having trouble using it with the apple computers at school. I have a galaxy s 2.
I just tried desktop bumping. Amazed! Keep the innovation coming.
No issues, thus far. Especially useful in bumping an iPhone. Thanks :-)
Should let us share files to bu.mp s well.
will be best if we can share every thing. why not. isn't it.
Works great but the only thing is I have trouble bumping. It doesn't always work. Plus you can't bump music. It would rock if u could.
This app is great!
I still can't understand how you do it...now you have the PC thingy. One thing though, I would rather you used the ICS action bar.
I always love Bump,even thought I always have problem bump iPhone with my HTC . BUT this app still really magical its really the best app ever. why BUMPso wonderful. The interaction is kinda cute and looks smart while using bump. Hihi. With the [ download all  ] a folder will create with date stated.  WOW
Well designed and easy to use. I understand why you don't have the music share option, it would encourage illegal sharing of copyright content. Do videos though please!
It's Very good,but the sesnsitvity on the SGN is rubish!!! I mean even my brothers SG Gio is better so only 4 for now
U shud add an add songs button so ppl cud share songs also..dat wud b awsome.
No workie on my computer. Trashware. Keeps saying 'try again'. Uninstalled.
It is good. Helpful
带感
Great app, idiot proof, works well between iPhone / iPod and Android although Android version seems better.
The best
In future updates I would love to see music/video sharing and app sharing if possible :)
I think this is excellent because its more easyer than bluetooth
Nicee
Im upset you can't bump video, please allow it in update
Very good and useful app, but should be able to bump video clips.
Select all option not available in contact sharing,otherwise a good app
Super cool on sending apps n more :).
Sweet
best app! its awesome! my friend & I bump all the time!!
You should be able to bump music if u could then it would be 5 stars
Pero seria perfecta si se pudiera compartir videos
Great app, but it updates so often
nice app.. but will be the best if it can share  music & video files..
Good app. Share pics between 3 daughters ipods and wifes HTC EVO daily.
Hope that I will be able to bump music also!
Works great. Love it
....
But would be grt if video or song sharing feature is added
Easy & Fun sharing app!
This app is amazing,a lot better than Bluetooth and faster too.
The only that could make this cooler is if it would allow cross-platform bumping (i.e. iPhone)
Good for sending file to/from iphone and andriod!
UI is kinda laggy, but its ok,  and it needs music sharing too.
Awesome but it's. Slow
Awesome but it's. Slow
Not saving received pics to download file
Cool but to get to 5 stars you should be able to share music
Wish u could send music and videos tho
Wish u could send music and videos tho
Legalize Marijuana
its such a great app
Its faster than bluetooth.. Would be better if it can share music/video..
Great concept and great app! Would be nice if it could connect to G+ and pull the information from it. Sometimes it can't connect to twitter and LinkedIn.
nice app!
PS add music transfer to the app
It a very good ap., you must have it. If added transfer more file other than pictures, it will be perfect.
Hi I think bump is really fun and useful but I would like to be able to transfer music or videos.
It took me a while because i was hitting my phone as hard as i could against another...it only works if the app is installed on the other device as well:)
Is a real good app. Needs to be able to send more types of files though. And is one of the few apps that does exchange information with it's iphone counterpart. I use it to send pics to both a 3g and 4g iphone.
Makes sharing files so quick and simple just add music please...
This app is pretty awesome. Just needs to be able to share music and videos.
Quite surprised at how simple but effective this is, quicker than bluetooth to share photos and contacts, music share should be next stage to get a 5 star rating ..
Bump it
Please allow music sharing
great app. needs bump music option. if you can port that option to Android.. i will five star this app for sure ! thanks alot guys.. keep up the great work! -Sam.
Great app but has a few loading and network problems. Also it would nice if u could bump more types of stuff like videos etc.
Good
Good
Works on HTC Rezound, but not on Samsung Galaxy S II
Works on HTC Rezound, but not on Samsung Galaxy S II
gr8
A little bit tricky to use the first time out until you figure out how hard to "bump" devices.  Makes file transfers so easy.  A must have for file sharing.
It works
Still needs a little tune up and a little customized things... one is profiles like a bussiness card and family card...  just works .. evolution 4g( rooted )
I love it! But must be update to share songs, videos ...
PRETTY COOL APP
It works great! A little hard to navigate at first but once you get the hang of it its great!
Cool
5 star if you fix it
I exported contacts from iphone and in worked like a charm....
Using Android ICS, and Bump doesn't recognize the proxy settings on my phone.  I can't use it on my schools wifi.  Great app!
Bump is awesome......but  wish u could send music...
Very handy needs upgrades. If you could send videos and songs this would be one of the best apps! PLEASE ADD SONG AND VIDEO TRANSFER SOOOONNN!!!!
Nice app get a bar
Awsome!
Great
Only critisism is that you should make an update so we can send music and videos then 5 stars lol XD
Optimus One INDIA
Its good no glitches
U can get music. Pics or any other info from other peoples devices with just one bump.
Great app..though wish I could send and receive songs.
Saves plenty of times and is very practical.
Can't move over my music.
Tank you
Works really well with photos and apps. But really should be able to send videos too
I can bump iphone4 with samsung galaxy s..it really works.so fast.
I can bump iphone4 with samsung galaxy s..it really works.so fast.
Awesome App Man!!!
Good app
Aweso
I have tons of pics that i can share with anyone with this app instead of emailing them....is great!!!
Doent work on this one :/
But need to bump music!
Very handy app to have for exchanging pics shame you can't bump videos or music though
Good app but we need to bump music also
So slow and it wont let me see all of my pictures
Really good app but sum things cud b improved like bumping songs :P
Saves time and hassle sharing pics and contacts. Could be improved to allow sharing of calendar entries, videos and music/sounds. Nice app.
Its cool enough. I like it.
I like this app
I like this app
It's Sad that we can't send Music
Love this app! Just wish you could bump songs
Works decently great app saves x.
Does as it says
Van még mit finomítani rajta, ezért adtam csak 4 csillagot. De jópofa alkalmazás :-).
needs to bump the apk, not just the link....
Its a really good app
Stop much fun
Once you figure it out,  it works well and works across platforms.
Just a bit more direction could be needed--otherwise a great app! :D
It works good for the infuse and galaxy. Wonderful app
Tried to bump for 10 minutes with a GNexus and Nexus S and it didn't work, it would only give me a tip on how to do it right. Like the idea, but it doesnt function well.
Bump is one of the coolest things I've ever seen in my life!
Cool I can send pics to my bf
Liiobo
But I wish I could also send videos and music
Verintrestingy but not perfect
Can u bump music?
This app is way nicer than it used to be. The new look is great and it is far more functional.
Cool App - Allow selection of ANY File - Still very cool -c
Please add song bump capability
Very clever app
Should be able to bump music...
Average apps.
Sometimes it requires more like a knock rather than bump to do the job.
But would like to send music plz fix
Would love to rate this 5 stars but you can't bump music.
Would be 5 stars if we could bump music.
It would be Better if it could share music like apple devices
Need Music
I can't bump with my buddy's iphone. It also takes to long to connect to the network.
Great fun app.
Awesome!
Faster than.bluetooth .. Good work ..  Keep it up guys ..
nice
One app that works.
Needs video and music options. Other then that, no problems.
Should do events, music, friend requests etc...
Can't send music but other than that not bad
Needs music!!
nice app i like it
plz tell me
Love this app. Would give it 5 stars but sometimes it has trouble connecting my phone to certain phones. I have a galaxy s
Should have pop-up instant messages.
I'm glad that it works with iphone :)
It should have been left the way it was..this new update is SH**!!! it was simple to us before and even then 1 device can read the other..like I said this new update is F***EN SH**!!!
does everything it's made to do just please please please make it so I can transfer music on my Android version of the app on ipod it works fine
Nice apps....
Love it
Like it...but if only it worked when not connected to the internet...:S
Good app. Just wish you were allowed to send videos as well. That would be amazing!:) thanks.
Very good app but it would ve perfect if it shares audio files as well.
I like Bump's redesign and I really want to love sharing photos with it, BUT there's no way to hide albums.   Q: Do you know what happens when you download a few icon packs so you can customize your phone? A: You get 1,000 icons displayed every time your want to share a picture from a party.
Should be able to bump music in between phones...otherwise a good app.
The only thing i dislike about this app is its icon..
Love this app. No more attachments to my text.
Works well but I would love for it to allow sharing of any file and the capability to send over bluetooth. Other than that, it does exactly what it advertises.
luv app,so easy to use and does what it says
Needs to share music it's very very important...
It works
must have
works fine ..wish it cud do videos nd music
Great app, I hope in the near feature you add it where you can share media like music and videos.
Great it allows you to share photos with friends and text with others that have bump it great because u can have it on your android and iphone or ipod
Awsome app. But its sooo hard  to add contacts
Awsome app. But its sooo hard  to add contacts
The concept of bump is great would be 5 stars but it doesn't always connect to the other phone right away.
One thing missing, files transfer, if so it will deserve 10 stars...
Great idea. The best Application in the Market.
Quite good for sending pics from iphone to android, but what about sending videos?
please update to iPhone Bump version. ..can't Bump music.... :(
But if music bump is attached it will be fantastic blad
Pleas add music... BTW very crazy app, LOVE IT!!!
Good app but can be better if it can bump music n videos also.....
Works after a few bumps and I like the interface but its pretty pointless without the option to share music...waiting for an update!
If u want to send music
Nice!!
It sucks after the last update since it runs on the background. Even after you kill it, it comes back... uninstaling
I like it.
Please make it can send music and video file from andriod to android or android to iphone!!
Music please! Then it would be the ultimate sharing app
it works fine but after i delete items they keep reappearing after a few hours please fix
The bump is a great idea but apart from that its just like any other chatting App. Bump to transfer music or other files would be an app to have.
Its a good APP but you should add a music bump option to bump tunes
I'm stumped. Amazing app for non nfc phones
If only we could receive audio sounds or mp3 its be good..
both devices need to bump or it wont transfer. transfers from android to ios. cool. missing- audio!
Superb app....!!!
Ive had this app for a while ans it worked just like it should but with the new update I just got the messenger part of it doesn't work.: Samsung Galaxy Nexus  Fixed it. Had to uninstall and reinstall...
This app would be amazing if we could share music!
Why cant we send music
I love this app but having trouble with it lately when I delete the conversation I've had with someone. If I get another bump from them the whole convo comes back up.. I don't want that.. It should be once deleted its gone...
This app is good u can text friends and family I like this app
i like the re-design ill use this more often.
"bugfixes" is not a changelog, what did you fix?
Just needs music .
I was able to bump all my contacts from two different service carriers without any hassle it was so easy to use I'm only given this app 4**** because I wasn't able to bump all my pics n music all at once had to do several times but if they make this feature available I will come back and give a 5***** rating. Love this app been using it from since the first iPod touch came out and I really like the improvements I've seen.
It's really cool i just don't know how 2 find friends
Strange
Works great with my droidx & my samsung table but would like to be able to do songs as well	Works well with my droidx & samsung tablet as well as it to do songs as well would even be better
Need to be able to send music!!
Z
Works really well.
Needs calendar support
Vry gud
Needs to be able to share MUSIC!!!!!!
It doesn't have the option to send music from droids to other droids or to ipods...
I was reading others comments that Bump is not compatible with Android.  I just installed this on Samsung Infuse 4G and it works well.  My first use was sharing files with iPhone 3gs and UT worked great out of the box.
Good app but needs to be able to share music using android, can do it with iphone but not android.
It works great however most of the apps compatible with iphone are not available on the android market. miamiluvr72
Good for bumping with iphones
Who cares about music.. free picture sending.. contacts etc. Works good. I don't want crappy ipod format music near my droid anyway haha
Cool
Good app very helpful
Effective and very efficient means of sharing without nfc
Okay app
People need to realize that because bumping music would undermine itunes profits, as you can get music for free on Android, it probably won't happen. Stop sounding like a broken record and have some constructive feed back.
What's not to like, Bump once Bump forever and message at the same time
If you add music i'll give +1 star
App seems to work well. Can msg kids while I am at work. Sends pictures, apps and free msging.
I would reccomened this item to every but it has so far to go  Getting there though
Agree, needs to have music added to get 5 stars.
Needs music good app but needs music for 5 stars
Great for sending many pictures at once.
If music on android....5 stars
It is really convinient but refuses to work with one of my friends phones... droid incredible
Would be perfect 5 but cant bump music but apple can :(
Needs Contact Search & Ability to select my info instead of having to reinput my info every time I flash a new ROM
Pretty amazing!
Okay but Need to be able to send music  and videos.:-)
Great app, very useful. A good idea for improvement is to make it compatible to bump music 9/10
Shared contacts cannot be saved to phone book from Bump, or its not intuitive. U still have to copy info and make a contact card for the shared contact. Please try to add this feature bump tech staff (:
You have nfc now! Waaaay better. This is a great app tho
Hopefully, in future, music and video files can be bumped too.
Trying..
Still trying it
It letse send things but when somebody sends me.somwthing ut says that my apolication doesn't support it!! Can anyone help me with this?? :/
Can't bump music as on Iphones.
This app was originally designed for oPS on which all the features are available. Pls update for Android devices!
Would be a five star app if it could bump music.
No music bumping for Android :(.
Would like see more of these kind
Great but would like music sharing....  :-(  like for iphone.
Would like to send music.
Can't send songs
Pretty good
Great file sharing app, but it NEEDS music sharing capability for 5 stars. :/
Would love this app if it could transfer music like the iOS app can, but until then I'll give it three stars
Can you update this pleaseeee. I want to exchange music like my itouch.
One of the coolest app I have in my phone......however, it needs to improve its accuracy a bit  and add music to it.
I love the app. I wish you could send music and videos as well!
Would be cooler if you could do music and videos as well
Amazing
Does wat its suposed to. Is slow if you send multiple files. Biggest let down is that u cant send/recieve music with this version - needs to be added!
Nice...
It's fun and an interesting ape!
I've been using it for a while since my girlfriend's never able to text me pictures. But that was remedied with Bump. ;] I just wish it was more optimized for tablets.
They can't xfer music with the android version because apple has a time limit set to the music it will send
Would be better if the pics shared would go to your picture gallery. Can see the pics, but can't use the pics that are sent to you. Good idea though. Droid Xoom
Great for photos
This is a good app, I just wish you could send apps over it instead of just links to where the app can be downloaded from in the app store
It's Good Oohh
It's Good Oohh
I have had the Epic 4G & Nexus S 4G and I have notice that after installing it will error out your default Google account contacts meaning it will not sync your contacts. This problem will not go away when you uninstall you have to do a factory rest to fix the problem
Good app...
Desperately need to bump music files... Plz change t in next version... Neway nice to see bump on android version...
Desperately need to bump music files... Plz change t in next version... Neway nice to see bump on android version...
Easy, efficient, responsive.
Really good, but should be able to share music.
Why isn't there a landscape view for half the menus, including the main one? If that was fixed, I would give it 5 stars no problem. Thanks.
Second update and still no music bump and it's standard on the iproducts 5 stars when music added/amy go in your settings and turn up your sensitivity
would be 5 stars the concept is amazing however you cant bump music yet iphones and ipods can?
Work 98% of the time.
Love this app.
Add music files pleease (mp3) !!
Good app wish I could send any file though. 5 stars when u support that
Not sure why so many people claim it doesn't work. Works FLAWLESSLY on devices including Galaxy S2's, Evo 3D etc. Unique & fun concept for connecting
Please add capability to send more file types.
Works well. Would like to be able to share any kind of file, not just photos
I see sharing music files in the future. Will give a 5 star when that happens. Other than that works great on DroidX2
Great to share with friends
works great on my phone...bluetooth for iPhone :-D
Very nice, but there is no support for sharing music! Please use it in the next update
A little buggy on Thunderbolt....
Needs music transfer - please
needs Landscape mode & ability to send any file type, especially docs and media beyond images.
Would be perfect if you could send songs as well.
Saving fifth star just in case
Wont work on my thunderbolt....ugh
but sometimes does not work.
Easy to share with friends instead of bluetooth.
Cool app but on next update allow video and music sharing
Great!
No problems syncing with any of there dozens if people ice shared with. Would be nice to add music files and .apk files. Saving the 5 star in case.
Can't share music :(
It's cool
Great app. I would give it 5 stars if I could bump music.
So awesome.
The best way to communicate between Android & iOS ever! Will be excellent if it can use both 3G & bluetooth.
4 those having difficulty to transfer files, try bumping both phones to your chair or soft surface simultaneously. I bumped it on my lap n it detects.
I like it but it took me a while to work out to use it.
Gr8 app, although can sometimes be bit tricky getting phones to 'bump' together & receive. Still worthwhile though.
This app is ok but you should be able to bump music also
Please allow bumping for other file types.... i.e. PDF, text.... Even to add a note function would be cool
Would be great if it had messageing features to the standard of whatsapp and blackberry messager. Otherwise great. And perfect better than on iphone.
Would be great if it had messageing features to the standard of whatsapp and blackberry messager. Otherwise great. And perfect better than on iphone.
Best concept! The neatest info sharing app on the market. Needs work to match iPhone.
I LIKΣ IT
Incredibly innovative technology
Love the app. Doesn't always recognize other phones right away and takes a few tries. But overall awesome
Not keen on all the updates, but good app
Great app but have no clue how to save photos ive recieved and needs to bump music like the iphone and has started to have crashes non stop :(
Once I figured how 2 use it is kinda cool. Helps since I had 2 get a different phone & hubby had what I need.
Good app, jus hate the photos it forces on ur gallery
Easier to just send a text, than set up all these preferences all the time... Poor user interface.
Bumping is fun!
Bumping is fun!
So easy to load programs from one phone to another!
Not always in my favor but it works when I need it.
Would be 5 * if you could Bump™ music.
Only if it could bump music too
I LOVE THIS APP! I want to bump playlists.
I absolutely love ,love,love, this app.!!!!!!!...... karen
Love it! Sometimes it's slow and doesn't always show friend's but heaps quicker than Bluetooth...
Kanon
Works fine. My fav app to share pictures, contacts info and suggest apps to my android friends. Also using it to chat with iPhone users.
@ Nigal buy an iPhone then stop your moaning.. Perfect on HTC sensation massive Sparks when you bump too :-)
If it's not working for yu when yu bump yur phones together ......change the sensitivity settings in the APP settings !!!
Can u fixs this app, make it do wat it said it does. So far this is crap
worked the first few times but now I keep getting the force close message. can't even get to the homepage!
It would be 5 stars if you could share music :)
Never works uninstall
I love this app! Took a minute to get used to with a friend. This is definitely an app you have to get as a pair and play with. My biggest complaint is that I need to be able to "Bump" to send to someone, instead of just connecting. Each time I attach something, I could just bump it to my friend. That'd make this the perfect app.
Ets awsome hear n puerto rico was very popiular
Ill re rate once there is music bump. Iphone has it, why don't we have it.
I hope you include file shares when the upgrade comes out.
Had no issue running on SGSii connecting to a HTC Sensation. Took one star off since it doesn't connect all the time with bump. Could be my technique.
Won't connect on my inspire HTC but works find on sons atrix and we are using same internet connection anyone know why
It's crazy cool!
It's okay.
I like it when it works. Since the last update I haven't had a problem
Works great on HTC EVO, stalls a lot when trying to share with Samsung Epic. Please update app to share music.
Great
Causes text messages to fail because lists 1+ in front of phone numbers. I am removing this application.
Causes text messages to fail because lists 1+ in front of phone numbers. I am removing this application.
Works just fine, but I don't see it as a necessary app, but works as it says
very cool love this app
very cool love this app
Looks good!
Sweet program. Makes transferring files very easy!
I was able to bump my old phone with my new one even if they had the same name. Its great because I didn't have to download each app indiv.
Great app for sharing.
My only gripe is it takes a while 2 "warm-up" sometimes. If it weren't 4 this I would give 5 stars. I could C this replacing business cards eventually
Was hoping update was going to allow users to bump music, didn't realize the app didn't allow that when I first downloaded. Would be a great feature.
I love this app! The only thing I would change is to be able to bump music too. That would be the bomb!
Great way to share information!
Let us bump music from, like, an ipod.
Works perfect
Bump for iphone has a music sharing option..why dont we??? :(
Its very good but would be better if apple and android would all's you to bump apps across!
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
Really awesome but needs an update so i can bump music-droid x
Sometimes have an issue with force closing, otherwise a great app!
Of course it can send music or any file via a file explorer,then select share via bump, its not that hard.
I love it the app works perfect but I wish we could share music. please fix this
File sharing is easy...but takes 4ever
Works great
Good. Seems focused on sharing everything socially. Makes transfer messy and difficult to separate people. Wish it didn't.
I like it
How do I save pics that were bumped to me?
I've love that Bump talks between Droid & iOS. Sometimes it didn't work, but when on the same wifi or w/GPS visible it it reliable.
how can anyone get in your phone! You have to have both applications running AND you have 2 physically bump them 2gether!
This use to be easy to use. Now you have to go through 5 or more screens just to share a contact. You can tell someone the phone number quicker.
Very nice upgrade !!!!!!!
Love the idea but I usually have to bump 3 to 10 times before it successfully connects, if it does. When it works it's cool though.
I can never connect. Droid 2 cm7
I can never connect. Droid 2 cm7
It would be even better if u could share nusic thur the bump.but so far its a good app
I like this app, VERY quick and easy to share files however, I would 5-STAR it if I could share/receive music files. (Atrix 4g)
Cant get it to work. I try to bump and get a cant connect message every time.
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Bought this for fun way to share photos, but it wanted my phone# and personal info.FAIL!
Simple and easy to use
Hi! I really like the way this app makes sharing pictures so easy! But I don't understand how to save pictures that I've received from my friend.. Could someone explain? :)
good just sometimes when i send a message other person doesn't receive it and tells me i have messages but can't find them
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
For some reason it won't download as of any of the apps won't load. Idk what's wrong.
Good...but it tells me that some one wants to bump with me when I don't even know them...?
Should b able 2 share apps with tablets on Android instead it just gives them the url 2 go an dl it..
Should b able 2 share apps with tablets on Android instead it just gives them the url 2 go an dl it..
It's a great app but not being able to share music defeats the purpose of the app
It Sux that u can't delete on the app to clear ur receiving list. I like that picture store directly to SD as soon as u bump cool. Evo
Would be nice if you could also send music files or other random files using a file manager
Nice but sometimes it will say you have an app but it doesn't come thru and you can't delete it out of your bump log.
Good app which is easy to use. It's a shame you can't bump songs though:(
Good app which is easy to use. It's a shame you can't bump songs though:(
Over all a great app, but it wont let some apps download on my cousins phone.....thts the only con so other than tht great
Superb App.
Guys..A attempt to  to download this app will fetch u nothing but 'a wasted journey'....
Awsome
I love this app
I cant believe it works with other devices like iPads and iPhones!!! I love it!!!!!!!! Although i wish it wouldnt need internet... :) just one glitch though... My sister sent me about 71 photos but 14 photos only got saved in my gallery, please fix
Cooool
A must have app for every Android user
Should be a standard function.
Excellent
Needs music switch
This is a "must have app"
People need to stop asking for music sharing capability.  It's not there due to obvious reasons, piracy etc it is an awesome app
Have had no joy sending photos from phone to pc, have given up
Have had no joy sending photos from phone to pc, have given up
Its awesome but my friend has an iphone and i have an android so i tried to send him an app and iphones can't send or receive apps it realy annoys me
Probably better then samsung beam feature
Great to have it !!
Awasome
Hold on to your phone tight. Touch skin not phones and hold the bump longer than just a bump and it will work everytime.
No issues. Great app.
No issues. Great app.
I say this app is awsome cause it lets you bump your friend cell phone and yours so you too can share anny apps you want.
I say this app is awsome cause it lets you bump your friend cell phone and yours so you too can share anny apps you want.
This app is super amazing !! This app is super ala'mango .....this app is super awesome !!!! Download it now ! This is better than bluetooth.....better 1000000...times "!!
Yhe app is just osm.. No doubt.. But a request... Please add a new feature to help in sharing videos from the mobiles to mobile or computer or vice versa...... 5* app
It's so fresh and new!  Love it!!!
It's so fresh and new!  Love it!!!
This is a must have for the obvious reasons
Thank you. Love it.
I love this app, it makes photo sharing instant and easy.
Let's you share pictures contacts and app with your friends
Ian giving it five stars but you should be able to bump games. With others apps
Eeeeeeeexxxxxxxxxxcccccccccceeeeeeeeeellllllllllllleeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnnnnttttttttttttttt
Amazing app
Bump from iphone to android.
This apparently is so easy to use.
This apparently is so easy to use.
K
Easy to use... I forgot to back up my contacts. I used WiFi and bumped with my old phone - easy and simple! Thanks :-)
Easy to use... I forgot to back up my contacts. I used WiFi and bumped with my old phone - easy and simple! Thanks :-)
It's real awesome
Fala!...)
This is one of those rare apps with a polished UI on Android. Works smoothly and easily.   PC to phone bumping limited to photos, no chatting contacts, app recommendations or messages. Features can be improved upon.
Really great app
Really good
It's great and easy to use. Fun too.
So great so powerful:)
Please fix! Droid bionic crashes every time. Used to work great!
I like this app because my wife has an iPhone 4S which wont connect via bluetooth with my Galaxy S3. Bump allows us to connect to each other and transfer files.
Very nice app      :)
Very nice app      :)
Awesome
Awesome
Was on level 17 then updated the game and now on level 1 again. 1 star till they fix it.
Was on level 17 then updated the game and now on level 1 again. 1 star till they fix it.
Fast and efficient way to share files
B
This app is genius! Wish I could bump videos/music. I would pay for this app, if those features were added
Best app ever!!! Now i dont have to plug in this plug in tht and install a app and select it import photos bla bla bla wich takes abt a million years..thx to this i can do it in less than 8 seconds..annnddd can i bump with Any non android phones??
Would be five stars but I wanna share songs... So four because of that
Cool
title says it all.
This app is amazing, does what is described. Solves my purpose of sharing photos from my ipad to my droid. Love it!
Lol
Lol
Gudwork
Wow what a life saving app. Would rate this app for transfer of photos and contacts
It's great app
Wonderful app easy to send very useful
Sometimes this app can be hard to use, but its very useful!
Cool
it was letting me bump photos to my android from ipod.
This app was a great help Id like to thank anu for his assistance
Tjee only app that worked with my dell and my samsung galaxyappeal!
Fivvee  star
Mybad. Perfect App
Great
Great
Working awesome
Awesome product
Don't know why someone said you can't bump with iphone I just did I'm HTC one x and hubby iphone 4s we bumped pictures music would be cool tho but would prob take to long thanx for the app
Great
This app save all the hastles of trying to bluetooth info to ppl u guys should make one for music next
Works perfectly no problems at all highly reccomend installing!
Alot better lately. Really wish I could do music or videos. Even if it were wifi only. Im sure there is some leagle bs reason but would be nice
Bump is amazing :-)
Great app, totally love it but if you could bump videos across then that would be fantastic. X
Gr8
EXCELLENT APP THIS WORKS JUST FINE WHO NEEDS THE GALAXY S 3. THIS APP YOU CAN INSTAN SHARE PICS,APPS, AND CONTACTS BY JUST BUMP BOTH CELL PHONES COOL
Works well, great mechanism for file sharing
Works well, great mechanism for file sharing
Yay
This app is awesome! I read every one wanting to bump music but all the legal copy right involved would make your app to speedy for my budget. Thanks again for this awesome app I cant live without
Wow it's like the magic !! love it
Wow it's like the magic !! love it
Lovee itt
Tried moving images and its like butter from my nexus 7:-)
Greeeeaaat
Very quick and easy.....just wish u could send apps from androids to iPhones
Ahorra tiempo para cualquier encomienda persona a perrsona solo toco tel. Con tel. Y ya asi de facil
Awesome man this is   cool
I love how I can Bump photos from my iPad2 and my Huawei Mercury
The Faster better
Its Work
Its Work
This rock's
Love it! simply amazing.
Add more feature, add music bump that feature make more useful ! Overall is fine for me ! I like it ...
Love it it really works
Really work with my galaxy and my frnds iphone
Anything i don't have on my phone i bump with my brother and its sooo easy.
I just want to transfer files with a friend.  I don't want it to keep asking me who I am and trying to setup Facebook and gmail.  Use to be good but no longer.
Ossum
aholicX
A must app for everyone
I try this with my friends and it works! Great! Just bump it with your friends cell then send what you've like to send. :DD
This is definitely a very gud App for u and friends
This is so cool.  I love how easy it is for my husband and I to share information ans pictures.
This app is awesome!
incroyablement amélioré j'attends juste plus de fonctionnalités comme sur iphone
Only works less than half the time. Too bad, it would had been a nice app.
its great
Awsome app betyer then blue tooth!
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
I think its good
I lyk bump its just awsm.....bt i lyk it more wen it bump music wid other phn bt its just amzng
Brilliant!!!!! :)
Love this app i cant stop bumping ..
I love going to bump and seeing pictures every time.
Just think what you could do with bump you can share info share oics play games together it is so cool get it.
nice i like this app
Bump me baby.
Awesome apps
Awesome apps
It's easy to send picture to my laptop.
Great app....must try...
Would like to bump music and would get 5 stars from me! Thanks!!
Lovely
Awesomest... Need to add other media...like mp3 & video...! Good work
Awesome app
I cant stop sending picture to my laptop..
The best app.
Excellent!!!
Very nice and easy to use!!!!
This apparently is really cool
Sharing Videos would be nice.
Great app let's you speak I thought it only let you share photos
Some glitches but still a good one :)
Its quick easy and fun x
Good
great thing
Amazing :)))
!!!!!!!
Nice one
Love the app however would LOVE LOVE to see an update so music can be shared as well!  Other than that I LOVE this app!!
For some reason this thing works. Tried it with my Galaxy SII and my other girl's iPhone 4S
As stated. I put this app on my phone and my daughters phone. It doesn't work.
wow
fabulous!
Absolutely Love This App!(:
Really works for someone who have multiple devices like me. Loved it!
We tried to bump my ipod touch and my andriod phone but they didnt match up!!!!!! Uhg if only...
Great
Awesome
Awsome app
Would really like to share music too please update ty
Awesome. Just try for yourself. NFC for phones without it. HTC Wildfire S HTC Desire HTC Desire HD
I just love this app! It makes sharing contacts and photos so much easier!
Just bump! SAMSUNG GALAXY S3.
I work as a Mobile Technician with a cellular company that helps people that need want to  transfer photos ...contacts...and applications. I recommend it all the time. Does the trick.. Great App!
This app has opened up sharing media and files with others. Works seamlessly between different manufacturers, OS's, and carriers. LOVE LOVE LOVE! LG Revolution
This app has opened up sharing media and files with others. Works seamlessly between different manufacturers, OS's, and carriers. LOVE LOVE LOVE! LG Revolution
Thisapp totally kicks but and is Awsome for pictures to send or receive to friends or family thanks for making it
Kool
Nice !!!
Excellent
Easy to use and it works great
Yay
Yay
It deserves the best if the photos remain their resolution after transfering to another phone.
Its bad
Awesome app! Love it!
Monn approves
Fun and saves time
It easy and fun...
Really handy app works well on computer and HTC one x
So cool
No complaints I love it!!
This app made my life easy!!
Sweet!!! Bad!! A**!!!
Great app
I love it
Love it!
Now i can share fotos to my iphone
Excellent, Super, Great, Good and more ! It's work on my device perfectly ! You can try this on your devices ! It's totally awesome application ! Thanks for creat this application ! Keep update !
Nice
Would give it 5 stars if sending music files were available!!!
Amazing product, just wish they added in being able to transfer music files over to another phone
THIS IS AMAZINGGGGGG!!!=)))))))))))))))))))))))
Love it!!!!
I like it.It does what it says.
This app deserves more recognition! It is such an easy way to send and receive pictures. Every person should have this app! The messaging feature is also a plus. It is so much better than any other "free texting" app in the play store.
Need upgraded so it can sent videos
Ok
awesome apparently really works
It's a great app, it has lots of potential. I'd like to be able to share videos and maps by bumping phones together, like Android Beam can. The option to turn off the vibration when bumping phones would also be good.
this is good app
Love it!!
Works on my boyfriend phone just not my phone which is a (samsung moment) im think cause it old my app store doesnt even say google play it old
This is a cool way to share contact information. Great job!
This is absolutely amazing app  HTC Inspire and Samsung captivate
Get it
Downloaded the app and its great...
It's instant!! it works! its awesome!
Nice
It's great to use
Super Duper awsm
Super Duper awsm
Awesome app!I can just bump my phone with other devices without on my bluetooth!
Super awesome
Super awesome
Great app although I liked the old one better
Love this app! Can even bump with other phones like iPhone! Lost all my contact n got them back using Bump with friends n family! G2X L.O.V.E. TO DEVELOPER!!!
Transmitting wirelessly is brilliant
Z
Works better than I even thought it would!
Works better than I even thought it would!
It would be nice if it can bump music. Other then that it's a real good app.
Good
Great app you got there..
Really really good install it now
Nice
It's a great app, but it would be great if they had an update on transferring music and apps.
Verry good app Well wort downloading
End....
Execellent
its really a very good app.
Creative
Great app
I love it so much
My niece introduced me yo this app, and I love it!
Its awesome when switching phones!!
Awesome
I like this application very useful
Excellent
AMAZING
Would be better if u could share music like last time it had a big update
The thumbnails shown do not represent the same pics.please fix it
Cool app!
Best way to share stuff
The best application you can use.
Great so much
Now I can bump my favorite photo with my pals.
Cool app
Nice
So good, I have it on my phone and my ipod and works well for both. Love it <3
Saved me a lot of time... From galaxy s3 to iphone 4s
Works perfectly. Very fast and easy to use. Loving it :)
Ma  chudao
Good
Can't do much with the item that was bumped across. Improve that and this application will be excellent
It's just to slow to load
Idc
I use it to transfer things from my ipod to iphone and it works perfect
Like it!!!! Now i can transfer files,contacts between my android phone and iPhone )))
Would be even better if we could send more then photos. :)  Acer Iconia A500
Hehe pretty cool
I've tried several times times to download this app but unsuccessful. Won't waste more time.
"...ret/act 110612...yet n't + @ use...thanks...
Seriously didn't think it was possible. But it is!
Seriously didn't think it was possible. But it is!
Absolutely fantastic well done. However had to turn the sensitivity up. But absolutely amazing well done ;)
Very easy app
Haven't tried bumping with other phones yet, but using bump to transfer photos to my PC works great!
Crap
Pretty cool app . worth getting
I'll update after a few uses. ;)
I'll update after a few uses. ;)
Awesome
Awesome
It a time saving app
Awsome then Awsome
Very handy
Great
it would more excitin  to add file transfer facility to existing PHOTOS only for PC bumppp
Perfect and does what it says also very cool
Impressed.
This app is soooooo cool. I didn't hav time 2 get my friends number...so we bumped and now we r link and can text for free!!
I always Loved this app
I always Loved this app
It works!
Works great. . Thanks.
I love this app
Itss good
Just awesome and convenient
Love it!
Works great between my Samsung Galaxy 8.9, Tab 2 7.0 and Android phone. Will try with Mac Pro.
Fuuny
cooool
I think that this could be the best apps ever
Very nice..worthful
Nice app....works graeat nd can also transfer file from I phone
No need since nfc
Cool app bro
This is exactly the app i needed!
Love it. Its awesome! Vibrant galaxy s to iPhone 3gs and iPhone 3gs to vibrant
Really needs updated so you can send songs and videos. Overall great interface but it has its downsides and lacks basic features of what the app is suposed to do...but it would be good if you could pair androids with iphones that have bump.......Update please!!!
Definitely one of the most amazing apps I've ever used.  Bumpimg a photo from your phone to a browser on your laptop is extremely helpful.
Awesome features!
Nice app, cool!
has issues with connecting sometimes but seems to be working well lately
Love this application
Love this application
Love this application
Just wondering why the Phone and Ipod versions can bump music and the Android version cannot. What's up with that?
Bump is the best
Keep the good work. It's great.
Easy to use and convenient. I'd gladly recommend to anyone.
I can see a good amount of innovation in here. If polished a bit more, it'll be a boon for those with no NFC. Great start. Keep going.
works great!
I was sceptical at first, but Im sold. Its so easy! Look forward to seeing web page bumps soon!
Loving the new bump pics to pc thing
This works great I have a Samsung sii skyrocket, infuse, iPhone 4. I have no problems with none of them no more having to either send a text or hooking up to a laptop
!!!!!
!!!!!
Excellent
I love it!!!!
Works great, although instead of 'tapping' hard on my spacebar, i just 'bump' my phone on my desk while tapping the spacebar. Awesome work guys!! I Love it, and have shared it with my family and friends who now all have Bump too!!!
I love this app
Don't miss it,make your a favor easy and practical to use
Works great and lots of fun
terima kasih bump
It works ! that's it. you need internet connection for bumping a comeputer.
Nice way to share information through means of bumping your Smartphones. Offers some neat features too and best of all it's free.
Nice way to share information through means of bumping your Smartphones. Offers some neat features too and best of all it's free.
Good app. I love this...
Awesome
Gud
Hey can you please launch the same app for blackberry smartphones
Love this app.
I indeed mind Blowing.Rajendra
Love it makes sharing easier
Works great with iPhones or Androids, should be installed on every Android.
Wad the f**k. This app is the greatest app ill *****
Great app. Allows bumping between wifes iphone and my Android... Great way to pass photos around.. Easily 5*
I like bump a lot
Good
Love it!!
The folly .
It a good app for me and my friend whe don't want to download......
Smooth
Not sure what's going on, but I either get a message on the browser asking if location services are enabled on my phone (they are) or if I tapped hard enough (phone DOES vibrate) This would be very useful at work
Simply awesome
Awesome just awesome
But bob wants more people on bump....
But bob wants more people on bump....
I would give it 5 stars if you could bump music too
This feature alone is the resin you get five stars
This feature alone is the resin you get five stars
.
Simply brilliant, and easy to use, better than Bluetooth definitely.
I always love Bump,even thought I always have problem bump iPhone with my HTC . BUT this app still really magical its really the best app ever. why BUMPso wonderful. The interaction is kinda cute and looks smart while using bump. Hihi. With the [ download all  ] a folder will create with date stated.  WOW
Cool
Great app !!! Sharing is now easy with out the hassles of bluetooth. Fun and easy to use .
My first words are just wow, didn't think it would work when it didn't ask for a bunch of settings and then I bumped it and my picture showed up.
Simple.  I. Love. This. App.  Nuff said.
Bump was fantastic and now the pc feature has made it even better! 10 stars not 5!
Bump was fantastic and now the pc feature has made it even better! 10 stars not 5!
just downloaded. Galaxy S Captivate. Took my phone a bit to 'connect' but when it did it worked Great! So happy to find this app!
Changed my rating from 1 star to 5 stars. Recent update fixed my issues.Galaxy S2 with ICS. Thank you developers. Android community loves ya.
Very good (:my boyfriend needed half my picture s n instead of sending all of them we used this n it was perfect(: easy too
Great app!!!!
Can we bump the video?
Awesome App
Very Good App
Such a great way to connect to others in a different format than usual.
Great apps
Y i cnt bump wit any handphones afta i download also?
Hubby found it said I needed it. Downloaded it and <3 it!
its awesome
Kya baath hai!
I think this is excellent because its more easyer than bluetooth
Easy transfer
Nicee
Love it
Five stars if you poop in your hand and gently put it in the toilet to be silent at night
Five stars if you poop in your hand and gently put it in the toilet to be silent at night
I like it it is good if you want like a pic on someone else's phone!!
Woot woot
G
What happend to the old bump !? It was sooooooo much better !!  I don't get a f***in' thing , with this one !! Arrgggggg,.. hate it! * I don't get it how you bump with someone thats NOT close to you! You can 'bump/connect' without hitting phone/ipods together. Worst app ever!
o yeahh i aint hav temple run n i got it from a frenn ayyyee dis joint jiii not champ at alll yesss moe i swearrr!!! #press
Nice app.no compliants.
Killer app but kinda makes u wonder about all the exceptions u have to agree to but lighting fast no data required after first bump should make file size bigger for non phone pictures and sending video and music would be an awsome option
Best thing ever
Wooooowwwww
Cool concept... Wish I could exchange information that was in my apps though, like I have anikidroid a flash card app I would like to be able to share that information with others
Fab fab fab
Great app
Nice
Brilliant insight!
Nice app!
very gud
very gud
Very good
This is gr8 app
Grt app im usng dis frm next day aftr buying s2 , never faced an issue..small suggestion for the dev team add video sharing feature..
Easy & Fun sharing app!
I was looking at the permissions required and do not understand why access to some of my personal/sensitive information is necessary. Please explain!
Nice :)
great awesome and fantastic
Really fast photo sending!
The only that could make this cooler is if it would allow cross-platform bumping (i.e. iPhone)
This app is fun and it works
Love it
UI is kinda laggy, but its ok,  and it needs music sharing too.
This is an absolutely awesome app!  Everyone I show it to has to download it too!  GREAT!
Its kool and better then sending picture after picture to it friend
What an awesome and convinence way in exchanging contact & photo. It will be perfect and more effective if including songs and documents exchange in future.
This is the best app ever
Excellent!!!!!
No problems to Report!!!!! Anthony
Awesome app
Night
Very cool app
This app is great to keep in touch with friends and family. You can send pictures aswell. I love using it when dads away.
easy to use and lots of fun
It would be great if you could send more types of files, but as it stands, this is still one of the best apps I have on my phone. It's so intuitive, so easy, and so fast.
Good
Love it
does what it is supposed to do,should expand its wings ,can step up by broadcasting in a small set up like clinic ,or scan visiting cards
Best app ever
Great and easy way to share files!
ULTRA APP !!!
Cool
Only thing its missing is the fact that we can't send music once you add that it would be the best app ever
It was good... but i didnt know anyone to bump with lol ^.^
Forget bluetooth! Bump it! Great app i love it!!!
Forget bluetooth! Bump it! Great app i love it!!!
Great app
Oh Yeah
Bade sexiest
Nice, never new any one could make something like this!
It was unique when it was launched but now there are many other apps which does this and more.
Best app Very useful
Great way to communicate
This app is amazing sooo worth it but it should also be able to work offline if u catch my drift
Superb
Love it!!!
Very modern and easy, quicker to setup than Bluetooth and I like the info cards :)) I'd suggest it to all your mates that have an Android or Iphone.
...
Its good app XD
Good app.
Awesome freebie
Excellent
Simple, efficient, cool...bump worthy. :-)
Could you use bump for getting radio songs??
nem rossz de a használata hát elég furfangos
nem rossz de a használata hát elég furfangos
برنامج ممتاز جدا
G
G
I bumped it with a friend and it worked. Better than bt. Super app 5stars...
I bumped it with a friend and it worked. Better than bt. Super app 5stars...
I bumped it with a friend and it worked. Better than bt. Super app 5stars...
Whenever my friend has a game, ge can just bump ut to me. Awesome
This app is pretty awesome. Just needs to be able to share music and videos.
Quite surprised at how simple but effective this is, quicker than bluetooth to share photos and contacts, music share should be next stage to get a 5 star rating ..
Quite surprised at how simple but effective this is, quicker than bluetooth to share photos and contacts, music share should be next stage to get a 5 star rating ..
Quite surprised at how simple but effective this is, quicker than bluetooth to share photos and contacts, music share should be next stage to get a 5 star rating ..
Masha Allah this apparently is awesome
I just love the bump program I think it's the best. !!
All it needs is to be able to send music and this app really will be perfect! But still absolutely love this app.
It works
Very usefull
Its work in pc also n can able 2 share frm iphone n android... Gr8 app luv it....
Its totally bump.
Work great
It's like Skype but different and quicker! You can share images, contacts, apps or games and even your card in less than a second! I am loving it right now.
This J's a greater application for my Sky Vega N5
This J's a greater application for my Sky Vega N5
Bump it
This app is wicked in a good way. I love 2 send pics to my i pad on bump it :) its fun to actually bump the two devices together. So get the app, u can stop reading the reviews now because it really works :p lol I do that
App works great for me...
I luv it
Indispensável! Ainda mais por ser multiplataforma.
Its the one
its an great app
working good on HTC Desire s
working good on HTC Desire s
Nice app.a must hav for those people who want to share files in a matter of seconds.
Tapi jarang di pake
Tapi jarang di pake
It would be better if apps could be shared.
Keep Up The Good Work It Works Great
amazing n fast feature ..... but hope u improve the home screen :)
gr8
Greatness
Luv itt!!
This app is very clever and useful
Gets better with every update.
I got my first android and was really sad that the phone and my iPod wouldn't connect via Bluetooth. This app saved the day. All my contacts and whatnot are safely on my phone and I don't have to spend 5 hours transferring them.
Still needs a little tune up and a little customized things... one is profiles like a bussiness card and family card...  just works .. evolution 4g( rooted )
Simply stunning
Worked just as described.... quick and nearly effortless.  Transferred pictures from my phone (LG Galaxy) to my laptop in seconds.  Highly recommend!
Excellent but would be better if you could bump music and videos plz do it
Finally we can get that iphone to start making friends with blutooth lanquage. This app is an app to have before you died.
This app is great its clever easy and quick much faster than blue tooth must download ASAP¡!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!
I like it
its a great application! I can now easily share contacts and pics between my android phone and itouch :D hope they have for Blackberry as well :)
Very gud...........
Excellent
... how do you ask someone if they want to exchange contact information?  "Wanna Bump" sounds a bit, well, suggestive ...
Great but when are they going to let.us send music
Good but I already have a bump account and it won't let me log in to it :-(
goog app
goog app
Just bump it
I share pictures with my friends all the time... this saves me the trouble of going to Bluetooth... keep it up guys
ITS GREAT
Astonishing, simply astonishing. Now make it for w7 phones and we will all communicate
5 star if you fix it
Awesome!
Very nice app
Good
Awesome App.
Never had a problem with this app. Can send contacts and pics to my Android from my itouch and vise versa! Deffinately comes in handy. The only downside ive had is it lacks the capability to transfer music and video files, larger files hence the incapability atm. But other than that Great App!!  -J8ke
Ez 2 use
This app enables me to transfer stuff from my iPad to my sensation... Vise versa.... Brilliant... Please send us an update which enables us to share low size videos....
100% recomendada
100% recomendada
STILL can't share videos and music on android after years, and countless updates???? Very disappointed!!  Thanks Bump team
I needed a way to transfer photos between my Android phone and my iPod, so I tried this and it works!
Works wonderful. If i can'T find a app that my friend have she can't bomp it to me.....
Awesome love it!!
Awesome technology!
I love to bump with my gf
Great
I needed to send my sister files to her droid an we bumped it easily
I love bump
Good !!!!
I love this app! I especially love that you can message through it! I only have one contact :(
My Cuz haz dis zo its coo
Great app, pics don't always work and a WiFi connection is highly recommended, but use it alot.  :-)
Stupppidddd...why do you need location services?? No sense in that....get it right
It's like iMessages for Android and everything else!  I love it.
Such a cool app!
This is one of the greatest apps her, the last update was fine.
Good app
Good app
Works great...  Me on GS2 and wife on iphone... Makes easy to transfer pics
Didnt know they had this for android. Awsome!!!!!!!!
To transfer anything to any mobile device.
U can get music. Pics or any other info from other peoples devices with just one bump.
Changed the way i share pics with my friends and family. Fast, easy, and fun.
Very.interesting N good stuff
Great
Really amazing app Recommend it
Fantastic saves all the hassle
Love this soo much. <3
Great
If i wanna app from a friend i can get it
Tank you
gud
Very quick and simple way to send files
V good bumut better if you u could send vids or music
great stuff
Awesome App Man!!!
Comes handy when I'm posting stuff for friend on to a website just bump and I dont need to wait for them to send it to me in a message .
cool app. cam bump with iphone
Cool app, and it work with iPhones and Android phones.
Doent work on this one :/
Trollin and rollin
Stuff
Very useful app. Works great on the galaxy s2 and allows you to transfer to iphones. Android rocks!
Love it
best application you can never have stitches
Works awesome on my evo 4g! You should charge for this app :)
I love it
Ronan you need to calm down because i have an htc and it works on my fone maybe u just need a new fone
Its great but i would like it to bump it with apple. Apart from that great
This is one of the coolest apps ever!!!!
VERY NICE
VERY NICE
Lov it
Fast way to share pictures
amazing stuff i.tell you waaaaow :D
Works. No problems. Saves messing with Bluetooth. Needs to include other file extensions. Whoever has a problem it has to be either user error or crap hardware.
It does not work when I bump my fone with my friend
I love it u can text your friend when ever u want to. Thanks for the great game. I love it si much.
Off tapp
Off tapp
Its Super Lag,I cant bump! My phone is Galaxy  Ace
I like this app
Didnt think it would work woth my ipod :O!¡
Love it! At first I thought you could only send them stuff if you are near eachother, but once you are paired you are good.
:)
I luv this app
I've given it to more than 5 people and they all love it!!
The best HACKING THING EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I didn't try it
iphone version can bump music?!
iphone version can bump music?!
iphone version can bump music?!
The nokia concept. But i wish to see more of variety into this .. Mayb b multiple player gaming and all ..
Nice
I LOVE this app. Looks great, works super fast and easily, seriously the best way to share.
Always bump in my spare time with friends and family. Totally stellar !,,!
I love this app
its a must have..its soo much fun !
Very useful app
very useful  *ppl u need data plan for this to work
Cool n work well!
I never use it, but It's cool.
Great app works fine transfer data in 5secs
A must have app!!!!
Brilliant app can be slow sometimes but excellent for a free app
Luv this app
Sai sai sai
Because then it would be breaking copyright laws, unless you happen to have purchased an extra copy of every song for every person you plan on bumping it to. Don't knock the app because it doesn't do something illegal.
Brillant
Great app..very easy..and it ACTUALLY WORKS!!!!!
Its very good application
Fantastic app! What a great way to share :)
Share with friends in a new way.
Love being able to send my family large numbers of high quality photos.
Awesm
Bump is one of the coolest things I've ever seen in my life!
Works great, you should get this, just wished that you can bump music and ringtones.
Its always fc in my galaxy ace
Liiobo
I can now text all of my friend  for free and sent awsome smilys
Awesome
The best way to share files with Smartphones. Love it!
Get it now!
goooood idea .
Works great does exactly what it says on the tin - even better since u added the chat feature (last time i downloaded that wasnt available)
Would be incredible if we can bump via bluetooth :P
I swear my knuckles started hurting from all the FAILED attempts with another phone and a tablet. A novel idea...will rate higher when it works more than once!
Works just like its said it would! Great app but if your in a place with little signal it will not work.
Love it
&
I hate fist bumping, but these features make it excusable. Contact sharing is nice, but sharing app suggestions makes it awesome.
This app is great, good cross platform integration. I barely use it anymore, though since I can use Android Beam. For those who are giving this app bad reviews because of Location services being accessed; stop. Go and read how the app works before you arbitrarily misjudge.  Obviously if your phone doesn't have NFC then they have to figure out another way to bump.
Sharing photos is easier with Bump than messaging
Cool App - Allow selection of ANY File - Still very cool -c
Works great. I use it to send stuff from my phone to my ipod
It's really a very nice application for sharing. It works very well with my motorola razr.
Works great on my droid razr.
Great app a must have.
Great app a must have.
Can you get it on blackberrys
Greatest app ever
AWESOME GAME.THE BEST IN THE WORLD.ADVICE :GET IT, U WONT REGRET IT :) best game ever
Great app
Whoever decided to upgrade this app and take away the great feature of bumping apps and music should be FIRED. This once was a great app and after one upgrade turned this app into a piece of crap! Uninstalling this after I post my disappointment with the recent upgrade which is trully a downgrade. This is an example of an epic fail! Just like how Shazam screwed up big time so has this NOW WORTHLESS BUMP APP!
Simply brill
Like the design of the new version :D
Very clever app
Difficult to find some1 with the same service for now
Soon it will be among leading applications.
Average apps.
Wonderful app very good to use........
Besides the lack of sharing any type of file, the fact that sent photos are sized down is getting on my nerves! Deleted!
Works great and useful..
Works great and useful..
This is an awesome app & so simple to use! The phone you want to share things with has to have the app too but that's easy enough. Unfortunately you can't share music files but I love this app anyway & use it a lot. Like the description says, it's like magic! No complaints at all except that you can't share music & it's free! Really easy to share your photos with another person.
Wish it allowed for sending bigger files so I didnt have to have a dif prgrms for each task I wish to perform.
Very good
I like it
Would love to rate this 5 stars but you can't bump music.
You should be able to bump music.
Great app!
The 'bumpee' needs it too and I've found that not many folks have it installed.
Excellent
Excellent
Vvvvv
Awsom app
I can't even put into words how helpful this app has been for me! From the bar code scanning, to remembering what I have eaten the most often and most recently,  to the exercise tracking I love it! It really helps keep me on track and makes me think about what I am eating. I have been using it for about 5 weeks and I have lost 13 pounds! Also love the ability to log in through my computer as well and interact with other members. I would highly recommend!
Like this app. Great way to exchange your contacts in 'style' and chatting too.  You can recommend your apps too.I have it both on my Droid n iPhone
Its fun sharing phone data
Doesnt bloody work
Bump is amazing
Awesome
grt fr tab......
Nice app
Get it! !!!! So good lv chatting with peeps at 12 pm
Nice So good
Xperia Play to Iphone 3gs it works even on my lg thrive..much better then bluetooth..works ios to android..its sends photo in an instant..great job;))
Nice application ..but couldnt able to bump with ios devices
My goodness this is one of the best apps available on the market
great
I think bump is amazing
The app is really good but I wish it updated like my iPhone4s because in my iPhone you can send music but in this you can not but its still a good app
Good
Had to do a master reboot on my three year old DROIDX.   No muss no fuss.  It did all photos in one bump, contacts in one mrs.  Couldn't have been easier!
Makes sending bulk photos so easy and instant! Also good is dropbox for sharing all types of info, but bump is so good I use most. The recent update makes this application even easier!! Must have!! Also sends between my galaxy sii and iphone.
great, awesome
Just Like an iPhone <3
awesome
Super easy sharing! Installed and shared fules with a friends iPhone 4 in under a minute!
This is so cool i got galaxy ace my partner got ifone works soo well please please let us bump music n vids x
Just keep bumping
hi
Great.  Wish I could do it with music.
Easy to share apps contacts and pics in omen fell swoop
I love it. Im 12 i have a phone to text but its so handy cuz its like free texting! I am posting this comment of my tablet. Send music too!
This is a fun app..
A must have
You can bump with any android phone AND you can bump with iPods and iPads ect too! Works perfectly and smoothly! :D
Just wish we could bump music
I wish I had come up with the idea... The technology behind it is not difficult, but this great idea made our life so much better. 5 stars to the author and hats off~
And Twitter
LLLLLLLLUUUUUUUVVVVVVV it
Works great. I got a Droid x2 and wife has I phone 4s. No issue so far. Nice work.
Really easy and cool. I told ask my friends about it.
Why not to make that photos in folders!!!
Why not to make that photos in folders!!!
Great little tool to get items from or to,  Tablets. Or phones.
Dam good app
But sometimes it hangs and tend to loose a pic or two
Dam good app
But sometimes it hangs and tend to loose a pic or two
hey this app is pretty darn sweet!
Best way to share
Best way to share
Lovely way 2 transfer nd share btwn phns:-)
Love it
usefull
...amazing!
I love this app.
Its really awesome...
Great to keep in touch. NOICE.
Awesome.
Works Great, more people need to get this- galaxy s2
THIS APP IS OUT OF THIS WORLD AMAZING! I SHARE IT WITH EVERYONE I KNOW !
Full awesum app
Fast and easy to use
Needs internet connection to work
Installed bump on my Android phone and I pod. Works great! Love it!
Groove with it! love it!
Luv it :) ;)
Greaaaaaaar 5star I like it made proud of my gs2...
A melhor forma de compartilhar fotos com aqueles chatos que tem iPhone. :)
This is great XD
Fab app, with 1 floor. U can't bump connect with people who are not near u
Amazing app. Really works, the future of Bluetooth. Must have. Maybe in the update you could be able to send vids and music.
Very nice application...
It Is following the design of Android 4 which great! Keep it up!
Easy way to transfer
This thing us fkn best way to transfer files..keep it bumpin'
awsome app for sharing pictures and videos and its really fast.. very useful..
awsome app for sharing pictures and videos and its really fast.. very useful..
I use it all the time mostly to share pictures and such. Love it
Easy!
Upgrade it so that music can be transfered
I like it better now... the app looks nicer and now it looks more professional... fun and easy to use
my sister used her iPhone to bumb a pic over to my HTC XL & it work Brill!!!   Have not tried it work music yet
Nice app, and beautiful interface
Absolutely fun and easy to use
If whatever stupid carrier or device doesnt allow certain app therefore not allowing you to find on market if uhave a friend who happens to have app u want jhst bump and suprise suprise its onur phone ready to download
It works
Awesome
Awesome
awesooomeee!
I lyke dis
I lyke dis
It really very amazing mann..!
Excellent app! Truly a marvel!
Galaxy nexus seems to respond to a bump about 5% of the time.
must have
Best app and best support team ever !
You guys deserve a fist BUMP!
Neat!!
I love this app thank-you it saved my life I had no contacts or pictures thanks
I love this app thank-you it saved my life I had no contacts or pictures thanks
Works perfectly.
Works perfectly.
Very nice app
the app is so good but i wish i could also do it with songs and videos
Best app EVER I pay all my atention to this app! Keep it UP!   WOOOOOO
Finally some developers are using the Android Design Guidelines.  It makes all the difference.
Finally some developers are using the Android Design Guidelines.  It makes all the difference.
I suppose they used the new ICS sdk. It functions just like Google + and Currents, using panels. Beautiful work.
Buh foreal follow ma twitter @islightwork
Funny , highly recommended
Gooooooooood
Not only does it work seamlessly, it is fun and entertaining!
Great idea. The best Application in the Market.
Great idea. The best Application in the Market.
Now me and my friends using Bump to share. Thanks for making this cool app.
Wow very nice app.  Works too good and easy with my samsung galaxy note and iphone
Thanks for the nice concept app
I love this app even tho I don't get to use it much. because all my friends have IPhones! My personal opinion bump is one of the best apps in the market
I love this app even tho I don't get to use it much. because all my friends have IPhones! My personal opinion bump is one of the best apps in the market
Gg
Gg
2 brand new nexus won't. Bump together  waist of time
Pretty cool. I like the throw and catch one as well.
Pretty cool. I like the throw and catch one as well.
Pretty cool. I like the throw and catch one as well.
Pretty cool. I like the throw and catch one as well.
This app is so worth getting!!! Its super cool and I can bump with my friends ipod. Awesome app
Nice app! Fun, and very simple to use.
Love it, clever app
It tripped me the Fcuk out lol..
Will be trying it. So far seems great..
It only works when I send it as message sometimes and never works when I try to bump it same with SO's phone. "Moterala milestone" and "Milestone plus"
Very useful  I advice to you all to download it
Great app..!! Great UI.. if only it were possible to share songs and videos.. 
Good work..!!
is a must?
Great app for sharing, tried between android & iphone
Pleas add music... BTW very crazy app, LOVE IT!!!
جامده جدي
Good app but can be better if it can bump music n videos also.....
This works great on my EVO 3d does what it promises
this is good app. but i hope music transfer option will be add in next version. thanks.
It works now. I wasn't bumping hard enough lol
Fantastic new interface.  Thank u guys 4 this work.
Hey frnds it's a must have app.good wrk bump team
Good UI and works fine. Not sure why people complain about not being able to share songs, that's obviously not allowed for copyright reasons
What kind of sorcery is this???
Easy to use. Never lets me down! New update is amazing
Everyone should get this
Everyone should get this
Very nice UI!! Love it
Amazing app :)
É simplesmente maravilhoso. Mais pessoas deviam usar
É simplesmente maravilhoso. Mais pessoas deviam usar
Digg
Love everything in it! Frm UI TO FUNCTIONALITY!
Super app I'm waiting for video and MP3 files
Super app I'm waiting for video and MP3 files
Would recommend this app to anybody as it is easy to use. Would love to see ability to send music and transfer videos+web pages like android beam!
superlike
Love it work just is it says! So wanna share a photo with somebody? it's really simple!
Love it work just is it says! So wanna share a photo with somebody? it's really simple!
Great app! Super simple and fast. Needs more files like music etc
Awesome recommended app but should be allowed to send things through wi fi for people without bluetooth. (even though every phone has bluetooth im just sayin.) plus it would be good to send music to love,it if you dont have it then get it. IT IS THE BEST APP EVA!!!!
Awesome recommended app but should be allowed to send things through wi fi for people without bluetooth. (even though every phone has bluetooth im just sayin.) plus it would be good to send music to love,it if you dont have it then get it. IT IS THE BEST APP EVA!!!!
Works cross platform eg Android to iPhone, transfers instantly ... 5 stars
Works cross platform eg Android to iPhone, transfers instantly ... 5 stars
The only thing missing is the abilty to BUMP music.
This is such a simple idea and it is carried out smoothly and quickly by this well polished app.
Awesome
nw i can send and recev data from iphone with just a bump...lolxxxx
nw i can send and recev data from iphone with just a bump...lolxxxx
nw i can send and recev data from iphone with just a bump...lolxxxx
Great application wonder how it works
Great stuff HTC to iPhone works well
Great new layout! Awesome job guys!!
This app allows the kids and I to share apps fast and efficiently. The developers are geniuses. Now when music and files are added to this app, Bravo!
This app allows the kids and I to share apps fast and efficiently. The developers are geniuses. Now when music and files are added to this app, Bravo!
My wife and I use it all the time it can transfer everything from photos to applications it is amazing and you can yext through it as well. I have had amazing luck with it and would recomend it to anybody that is a hard working parent to that individual climbing the corporate ladder.
Really good app.
Its a good APP but you should add a music bump option to bump tunes
Whts d point in bumping whn u can shre via bluetooth??? Help me
works great
,good
,good
Superb app....!!!
I like the idea of it but I haven't used it yet.
I like the idea of it but I haven't used it yet.
!!!
Music please.
Awesome
Awesome
Spiffy new UI, looks and works great!
Good if could share files , music  and maps
Best idea ever. If give it 7 stars!
don't work
Love The new UI
Why cant we send music
This update is absolutely fantastic. Graphics and UI are very well done. Animations are extremely smooth. You guys outdid yourselves!
I really love the new Ice Cream Sandwich UI for this app. very nice and easy to use. Also really glad its not a replica of the iOS Bump app.  Great app, good job.
Wow very impressive,the new upgrade looks great on my acer a500. Very good I like it so much better.
Lovin this App!!!!!!!!
I love the new layout hope new devs follow suit
The functionality works as aspected but the rea lshow is the design, much more akin to that of ICS native apps, which is a welcome change.
Very good prog
Great app. It's in my top 25 for sure.
i like the re-design ill use this more often.
Fast, easy, useful.. love the update!
Loads o fun.
WHERE IS THE MUSIC!!!!!
This is by far my favorite app on Android.
ok, but it needs tp be able to share videos and other files... pictures and contacts I can do from gmail or text :-/
Great app needs to able to bump music
My girls iphone version of bump has a lot of options and sharing ability. The one for my driod powered photon only shares photos and contacts.. if i could share files and music too id love the app
I was able to Bump an app from my old phone that is no longer featured on the market. Couldn't believe it.
Essential app everybody with a smartphone should have this!
Best free app for picturew
Would love this app a lot better if it were able to bump music.
Lately it has been crashing quite often please look in to it
Downloading music w/o paying is illegal. How would transferring it through this not be the same thing? Those rating it 1★ because of that are seriously mistaken. You can use dropbox or sugarsync for that anyway.
but needs to add music option =/
Needs calendar support
Needs calendar support
I love this app
A must have
Awesome game!!! Very addicting
Totalyy
I just Bumped 38 pictures from my droid  cell phone to ipad in less then a minute!
This is an all in all awesome, fun app.
Esta aplicación es muy práctica
Its awesome, the best But if it has 3 way convosations that you could make it would be alot better But other then that its awesoms
برنامج حلو بس شلون اطرش اغاني؟مايصير مثل الايفون؟
Cool
I recommend this app
not bad at all. worth a play with
Vvery nice app
Wish you could bump music...
Wish you could bump music...
A year ago this app was almost useless & worked intermittenly. I used it last week & it worked flawlessly & quickly. Well done.
Awesome app. Can't believe data can be transferred at so ease. Just Internet connection required. Found alternate to Bluetooth...
My friend has black op zombies on his iphone 4 can he bump it to my samsung conquer?
Need music portion though
You need to add the same bump functions that the iphone bump has.. "Music", "Calendar" and "Social Networks" Thank you
Need to be able to bump music plz plz fix
Me and my friend used this app ipod touch 4g to samsung galaxy player 4.0 it is really good tell my friend tried to send music but you cant on android dang.... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE update it so we android users can bump music PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!
Need to be able to bump music
Works well, although you can bump people in the other room.
I use before in iphone,is useful.
Good app
If music on android....5 stars
Pretty cool. Great app. Does exactly what it is supposed to and I haven't found anything wrong with it! Thumbs up to the creators
is very handy i love it
Great app, LOVE IT!
Very good app!  My phone doesn't hve voxer  d i was like the only one that didn't have it, bump fixed that:)
Sent 35mb in pics all at once and my buddy got them almost instantly. Try that with MMS!
Amazing
Awesome app!!
Awesome app!!
So quick and easy... If only you could send music!
I really like it as I'm in London and I'm chatting to someone in malagisa   Sorry. About the spelling)  :-D
Works great!
Works great on my Samsung Infuse to my wife's iPhone.
Pretty easy to use but my parents still have trouble using.
Nice app
Still trying it
Still trying it
Still trying it
Transfered all my contacts from my old iphone to my new droid in seconds. Worked flawlessly for me.
Great but would like music sharing....  :-(  like for iphone.
Great but would like music sharing....  :-(  like for iphone.
Works great love how I can send a file by bumping handsets
I love this little app.  It is great when you have multiple smart phones in the house and want to share stuff without sorting through the market on each phone.  The first connections with a new phone can be troublesome but after that it is great.  Not troublesome enough to make me drop my review rating.
Great app, works across platforms seamlessly.
Would love this app if it could transfer music like the iOS app can, but until then I'll give it three stars
Can you update this pleaseeee. I want to exchange music like my itouch.
Awesome!
Weird keep making this loud ticking sound on start and it want stop. I have to restart my phone to stop it....Huawei
Great app!
i love it
Sorry wrong app I love Bump I have no problems with it
It's useful and speedy. I would like to give it 6 stars...maybe when it'll let you bump everything you have on phone ;)
.
its great app.5 stars:)
EXCELLENT :-)
Awesome App.  I can't live without it!  I have it on my sidekick 4g and samsung galaxy 10.1.  Thank You!
Kind of a novelty. Works great but not that useful in my opinion.
Kind of a novelty. Works great but not that useful in my opinion.
Great app.
Brill I can bump my gallaxy s2 to any iphone
Cool app
Good
What a great idea!  It really is.
I like it you can share apps just by bumping their phones. But you can just tell someone about it and they can downloadit.
Jusr wish ma friends had it
Does what it should.. easily! !
Excellent application ,No complaints!
Bump works every time I use it
They can't xfer music with the android version because apple has a time limit set to the music it will send
Wow.....  excellent app it izz best for sharing to I phone 4
Should be able to share music
Love it Love it
Love this app. Makes sharing contact info so simple. Even works between Android and iphone. MyTouch 4G
Don't know why i bother with app i only use it once every blue moon.
Even faster than am mms
Godfather
Need to add file browsing to support any file, and add to "share" context menu for any apps such as gallery and voice recorder.
So useful
cool app
I love this app it makes it so much easier to share pictures, you don't have to send them one at a time through mms...yay!
itr awesome bt i anthr guy dsnt have it cnt exchange any thn
Great, just glitches when you try to bump large amounts of information. HTC Evo 4g
Samsung galaxy s 2 epic 4g touch. Every time the market says there is an update. I go to it and it says either "open" or "uninstall" please fix this.
Samsung galaxy s 2 epic 4g touch. Every time the market says there is an update. I go to it and it says either "open" or "uninstall" please fix this.
F****k Iphone
Luv it n wld giv it 5 stars if u cld delete n share music lyk iPhone plz update
Interesting way to share apps. I wish you're able to share other things such as apk's, etc..
Work 98% of the time.
Luv it! I can bump my sister who lives in another state and she dont miss a thing  back home. We have been spreading the good news about this app.
Too kewl too fun
Everytime I bump with someone it don't work why????
Works well on inspire 4 G.
Excellent app .      Best app ever!!!!!!!!
Great app
Fantastic app, invaluable when everybody has it. It's a company standard on all our mobiles.
Great to share with friends
Lovin' it! So much easier than bluetooth or messaging.
Works good. Wish you could send music.
You can delete what you have sent.. All you do is hold down what you have sent and the delete option comes up. And to send music bluetooth it its easy
My screen wouldnt shut off, removed n reinstalled screen would then shut off but battery would discharge w in a cpl of hours w out use. Removed n ok
I love
Shared photos with iphone also
I think I bumped too hard my screen broke, works good though
Never works
Never works
Works flawless
Works 1/2 the time.
It works better on my iPod touch than this Android phone. Droid 2
Great Application
Great Application
Wth. Is the point of this if it does not allow you to transfer music
It would be nice to share Audio & Music files
Doesn't allow download of apps no longer on Market tho.
Doesn't allow download of apps no longer on Market tho.
You retards... It would take much longer than a quick bump to transfer music or video... Plenty of other methods... Stupid people
I like this aps
Downloaded it, tried it, works like a charm between two Galaxy S2 phones
Fantastic app for easy app and contact sharing. Recommended to all my iPhone and android friends.
Great App!
One of the best apps ive ever  used
So awesome.
4 those having difficulty to transfer files, try bumping both phones to your chair or soft surface simultaneously. I bumped it on my lap n it detects.
I have tried about give times to transfer something (anything!) between my phone and my wife's phone.   Do it manually and save the frustration.
Poor integration, i.e., doesn't appear in 'share' menu.  Can only share contacts directly from the app - no search, or even alphabetical order!
Poor integration, i.e., doesn't appear in 'share' menu.  Can only share contacts directly from the app - no search, or even alphabetical order!
Awesome just awesome...
Works amazing across all the droids ive had and bumped with
This is one of the best aps ever. Easy to use and once you bump with some one you can send them apps whenever! I love it!
This is one of the best aps ever. Easy to use and once you bump with some one you can send them apps whenever! I love it!
It's cool, but I still can't seem to find a use for it.
In iphone we can share our music also
Works great
Love this app!!! It was so easy to bump all my apps and pics from my old phone to my new one!
Like it
Love it....so simple
Would be great if it had messageing features to the standard of whatsapp and blackberry messager. Otherwise great. And perfect better than on iphone.
This is cool!!
Theres nothing like it!!!
Even works cross platforms!
Best concept! The neatest info sharing app on the market. Needs work to match iPhone.
I LIKΣ IT
I LIKΣ IT
Easy to use
Love it!
Very handy app saves you lots of money once up bump some one its free great if your stuck on a contract
Very handy app saves you lots of money once up bump some one its free great if your stuck on a contract
getting a new phone? download bump and transfer all your contacts and photos with ease!!
Would be twice as useful if I could send _any_ file. I know iPhone users don't have the luxury of having access to the file system, but don't limit Android also!
its great dat bump tech. try to make it a free app coz it helps alot of cash strap users like me ;-):-)B-)O:-):-D
My wife just bought Evo like me and this app saved us the time of tranfering all my apps from my phone to hers it took 2mins for 15 apps best app ever
Once I figured how 2 use it is kinda cool. Helps since I had 2 get a different phone & hubby had what I need.
Amazing
kiam app hai karo download mere veerooo
Bump helps me stay within my texting limit every month
Works great. HTC Desire
So easy to load programs from one phone to another!
Great app for sharing
Best app ever! Love it! Works perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy S Mesmerize. I love how easy it makes sharing &"bumping" apps makes it a "must have"
Send with gps.
I attempted to bump pictures so I could install new memory card and all of the selected pics didn't transfer.
I LOVE THIS APP! I want to bump playlists.
I LOVE THIS APP! I want to bump playlists.
I absolutely love ,love,love, this app.!!!!!!!...... karen
Love it! Sometimes it's slow and doesn't always show friend's but heaps quicker than Bluetooth...
Kanon
Makes for sharing apps easy as pie.
Makes for sharing apps easy as pie.
Does exactly what it says
Awesome
I love this app!
Works perfect on my g2x and galaxy tab it even works on iphone lmao if it doesnt work for u uur fone is shhit
Make a breaze to share data between phones
Can't get music from my iPod
Will not connect when I bump with a HTC highly irritated
good but not fast everytime
Great responds from developer... Now i can find it on market. Sgs2
Glad this came out for android. Love it, works great!
Really cool app. Should come standard on phones.
I've used earlier versions of bump, problem free. Not sure what changed, but this app has become too bloated and laggy to be practical.
Good app!!
Ets awsome hear n puerto rico was very popiular
Cool concept,I like it, but it still seems easier to exchange things the old fashioned way.
Luv it
Love it. Used Bump on my ipod & now on my g2x. Hella fresh !!
Love it. Used Bump on my ipod & now on my g2x. Hella fresh !!
Had to adjust bump sensitivity, but it works great.
Awesomeness x2
Ill re rate once there is music bump. Iphone has it, why don't we have it.
Ill re rate once there is music bump. Iphone has it, why don't we have it.
Works
Awesome! Works great on EVO 3D. Ability to bump music and video would be even better.
Does not go beyond the screen of "Is this you? " Becomes Kungfu responsive. Have to force close everytime.
No music :(
Won't connect on my inspire HTC but works find on sons atrix and we are using same internet connection anyone know why
Of'lL m.i.a.of cccccccc can cfo let, of lmk R1 kn tr.
Great app!
This is a great app. Me and my friend use it all the time. Its gret and efficiant
It's okay.
This is great! Tell your friends so u cam bump!
This app needs an update. I need to shared music and I can't .
Causes text messages to fail because lists 1+ in front of phone numbers. I am removing this application.
very cool love this app
it should be able to transfer music and more like iphone...
Evo
Evo
Sweet program. Makes transferring files very easy!
Being disabled I love the ease in which I can share photos & files with my family & friends!
Cufusing on how to use
Great way to share information!
Bumping is somthing of an art. This needs to become easier if it is to garner more acceptance.
Works great with the samsung infuse
Works great with the samsung infuse
Love this app! Constantly bumping things between my ipod and Xperia!
I love this app! Works on my samsung fascinate and ipad
Connect the first try but got better good app ezee to use.
Connect the first try but got better good app ezee to use.
This rocks, wish more of my friends used it. No more emailing files around.
Please release a windows phone 7 app asap
Please add a music sharing feature
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
This is an excellent app, it works perfectly on galaxi europa and galaxi s mini. Excellent, thankyou.
Making it better and better
Too cool. Works great! Samsung Epic
Too cool. Works great! Samsung Epic
Awesome.just wish we cld exchange apps from iphone to droid but that isn't Bump's fault.
Really awesome but needs an update so i can bump music-droid x
Its so awesome
Can't get app to work! Says no match bump again over and over. Droids
Works great! Love it
Works great
I like it
Works every time.
Handy app. Can take a few tries to work but it does the job if you have good connection. Great on wifi. Xperia x10
Very nice upgrade !!!!!!!
Very nice upgrade !!!!!!!
I like this app!!!!!
I like this app!!!!!
I like this app!!!!!
Would like the ability to share more different file types.
This is so neat, love it!!
I have iPhone friends and we can see apps we can share. This app is so much nicer from a year ago. I really live sharing pictures with them!
Works great even from iPhone to android
Works great
Works great
OK, doing well with improvements, but PLEASE ADD Music & Video sharing...!
Great for sharing
Great for sharing
Amazing app. My touch 4g
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
Gonna give you 1 star. After so long. Still not able to send music through and fro to my ipod touch.
I love this app!
Y on the apple ipad version can u transfer songs but not on this version?
Makes my life a whole lot easier!
Seems like fine app, but why using 4MB total? Need to reduce bloating, define cache.
Seems like fine app, but why using 4MB total? Need to reduce bloating, define cache.
Does not work on Droid x
Fun, no music transfer, port of ios = gay?
Should b able 2 share apps with tablets on Android instead it just gives them the url 2 go an dl it..
Great app!!!! Would be better if music and videos could be shared
It Sux that u can't delete on the app to clear ur receiving list. I like that picture store directly to SD as soon as u bump cool. Evo
It Sux that u can't delete on the app to clear ur receiving list. I like that picture store directly to SD as soon as u bump cool. Evo
Nice but sometimes it will say you have an app but it doesn't come thru and you can't delete it out of your bump log.
Nice but sometimes it will say you have an app but it doesn't come thru and you can't delete it out of your bump log.
Nice but sometimes it will say you have an app but it doesn't come thru and you can't delete it out of your bump log.
Bah takes several attempts to work, and then u cant save pic's or contacts info to ur phone others send u, & cant delete messages either.....
Couldn't get it to work on the HTC sense iPhone 4 and the samsung galaxy
