It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
Program works wonders other than this one small problem. They will fix it soon I am sure..
This worked fine until I updated it now I can't reverse look up numbers any more
This worked fine until I updated it now I can't reverse look up numbers any more
Closes every time I do a reverse phone number. Did ok until I updated it
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
Great app! Super helpful, easy to use...sort of a one stop shop for gas, food, entertainment and more.
Great until I downloaded update.Now reverse look up by phone# doesnt work.Fix this and it would be great app.
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
This app is great, it gives info fast,it's easy to use.I had this on my blackberry,now I use it on my Evo 4G.
Great app. Kills my battery if I leave gps on. So turn gps off when your done. Droid x.
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
Pretty cool actually...even here in the sticks. Echo another comment, linking to a voucher site would rock
SO GLAD TO SEE POYNT ON ANDROID! I USED THIS APP EVERYDAY ON MY BB STORM 2 AND HAVE MISSED IT SINCE CHANGING TO ANDROID.
Had this on my blackberry bold and now on my G2 awesome app and it works great
I use this everyday! Syncs well with my navigation programs. Never had a problem with it.
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
My gps and my navigable navigating system is corregible with this lately adjustment
Finds stuff fast & accurately with plenty of extra info. I love the ability to find places near any location I specify, not just near my current loca
Awesome app. Loved it on my Blackberry and love it even more on my Droid
Love this app! Has been extremely helpful in numerous situations. Never had even a hint of a problem. Motorola X
The most versatile location based tool I have ever used. I recommend it for everyone.
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
I wish this app wasn't rooted to my phone. All it does is force close. I've never used it because it just force closes every time.
Awesome for movie times and quick searching restaurants for directions.
No access and was even traveling this weekend.  Not happy with app.  Second time having problems within 2 months.
Sux..doesn't even work at all forcecloses right away
Why does this even exist
I don't use it and cant get it to uninstall!!!!!
Get this crap off my phone!
Can't delete it ..
Very upset that since I don't use this app anymore I went to uninstall it from my phone only to find that it won't! Very mad that its now stuck on my phone wasting space, don't download unless you don't want it to ever leave!
Works great and sorts  the options how you want.  I use it to find new places and they are always sorted by what is closest.
Fix your "server" already or else just useless space taker
CANT UNSTALL & NEVER DOWNLOADED APP!
I have ZERO use for this app. Wish I could remove it to make space for something I WILL use.
This used to work great but now it doesnt work at all. I wish it worked like it used to. It used to be my favorite app now its useless.
This app just like almost all the other apps that come with phone suck and take up the most memory and you can't even delete them-__-
I hate this stock app
Since I never use it, I want to remove it from my phone but it won't let me! I've always hated it. I would give it a zero if I could.
Never use it....
I have to delete this app cause it wasn't working properly at all, it didn't work when I need it and the creators need to work hard to fix all of the flaws on this, other wise more and more people are gonna keep on removing it from thee phones,
This app is terrible. Do not trust it.
Gsearch is just fine for me
It is stupid and I can deleted I am very mad...
Unnecessary bloatware. I've so gotta root my phone to get rid of crap apps like this to free space for BETTER apps!!!
Can't uninstall, can't turn off updates, can't see what I need this for. It's just taking up space and pestering me for updates. Behaves just like a virus.
Sucky
Garbage
Just takes up space
I have eyes, don't need virtual ones, waste of phone memory...!!!!
Only reason I have this is bedside it can't be deleted
Me like
Forcecloses every time I try to use it
Now it pulls up nothing I look up and this was my favorite go to, it nvr failed me
Does nothing for me. USELESS.....
I don't like apps that are forcefully installed.
I don't like apps that are forcefully installed.
Preinstalled apps that suck the life out of phone with infinity updates .I have a poynt for you,icon with middle finger!
Used to work fine, now it doesn't work at all.
Love app!!!
Shows things to be right down the street when it's actually miles away. This has cost me time searching for something at an address that isn't even there. Don't waste your time.
Good to have, I use the widgit for local gas prices and this app is way better than cricket 411 on finding local places.
I  didn't even download this. It's just taking up space on my phone. I have to delete my useful apps because the selfish makers of this app didn't make an uninstall button. Make one.
Needs update... Some stuff on list have been gone years. Please fix
This came preinstalled on my Virgin Mobile phone.  Don't want it but can't get rid of it.  I'm getting notifications daily urging me to update it but refuse to waste space on my phone adding to an app that is worthless to me.
Can't get it off my phone.  Not sure how I got it
Very slow touch screen response if any...many errors...force close several times...sent feedbacks....no response....uninstall and install a few times...failed to correct problems.
Hasn't displayed movie times for the month I've had it installed.
I never use it and when I do it force closes. I have a huawei ascend II with Cricket so there's no way to uninstall.
Take this off my phone!!!!!!
Fg  gin   Vf k m
Plz go away asap
Get off my phone!
It wont let me look at the movies times wen I try to look FIX IT
It forces close every time I try to open it.  =(
Hate it I can't uninstall it
This was pre-installed on my phone and the authors have blocked the uninstall option so what does that tell you? Like I said pure garbage and a waste of memory
Horrible
I'm driving thru Redding, CA and search for gas stations.  Closest one is in Albany, OR?  Wtf? --- Uninstall.
Don't care what it is. Instant one.
Wish I could uninstall it and a few others that are a waste of space.
Garbage
This app was awesome, what happened? Only half works 90% of the time.
Get this crap off my phone.
Want it gone without root
Point this right up ur keester
Very good use this app all the time .
If I could uninstall it I would
Stop putting your  bloatware on my phone
The app is slow to use all the time.
Cool
This App drained my battery!
Hate
Won't get the hell off my phone. I uninstalled it and it still updates & taking a lot of megabytes. I've had to uninstall a lot of my stuff. Don't get it.
...
Helped me find info about ° Exsanguination the Movie ©2011 °
Don't want this app,  but the deal the deb's struck with my carrier wont let me uninstall it
Cannot delete
why do u need access to my personal calendar? and why do u want to be able to send emails for me - REALLY? I DON'T THINK SO!!!
I dont need this nor do I.want this its just taking up space... Let me delete this!!!!!
Why would this app need to read or modify all of my personal contacts!?!?!  This used to be the best app ever but now I will not be updating, only uninstalling instead.  Remove the access to the contacts permissions so I can reinstall!
Looked myself up, dumb thing gives information from well over 5 years ago. Same with looking up everything else, gives information from WELL OVER 5 YEARS AGO irritating as hell
why can't  I uninstall apps I don't need nor want, like this one? it's a bad idea, google.
I never used it ,  I want to uninstall! The only way to do that is to Reboot your phone
Used to love this but now I can't search anything!
Great
9 times out of 10 it gets my location wrong or says there is something at an adress where there is either nothing there or isn't what I was looking for. This last time it said there was a Kroger gas station at 16600 Imperial Valley in Houston. It was either a gas or propane company! There wasn't a Kroger anywhere near there. I called the number they provided and it was in Orange TX! Really?! How can you mess up that bad?!
Most useful app I have
Bloatware gets automatic.bad rating
Can't uninstall. Wtf! Don't download! Offers a lot of poor information and is a battery killer! Watch out for the people who say they like it, liars!
Why does this app HAVE to be on our droid? I dont use it and would like to be able to clear out off to make use of the space for an app that I do want.
Had this years ago on blackberry. Its useless now with my Droid. With Google search & navigation this is Poyntless & old
Please get it off
I wish I could delete this stupid app off my phone.  It eats up all of my memory and does auto update though I DO NOT WANT IT.  I wish I could just delete it and make room for useful aps...
I keep getting error message in the movie section... grr
This.app is stupid I want it off my phone
Someone help!
don't want, i don't use it wish i could uninstall it and use the xtra space for something i REALLY DO WANT!
I wish I could delete this stupid app off my phone its worthless
Why only restaurants, movies, and businesses now? I liked more choices. Please fix! Otherwise it's just taking up space.
Works great again! Just downloaded on new phone lg optimus elite at first it only showed 3 icons movies, business and restaurant but after a couple minutes of being open other tabs came back.
Gas prices always wrong
How  do     I remove  this  from  my  phone  because   I really  dont  use it help?plz????
Hate I can't remove this stupid app.
I also had the movie not working. I deleted and reinstalled and everything was fine.  People shouldn't be so quick on the 1 and 2 stars if they say they like it but cant get movies.  Email support like the other user did or try and uninstall and reinstall.  I use this app everyday. One of my favorites.
Why do you need so much access to my personal information? I used to like this app until this. Now I just wish I could delete it from my phone.
Latest update won't open properly.  Love this app.  Needs fixing though.  Galaxy Nexus.
Fantastic, A must have package.
wish i could uninstall. came with phone.
Nothing but errors since last update. Deleted and now using WHERE application. If it wasn't for the errors I wouldn't of switched
In an effort to make a little more money you trashed a great app.  Things that send email or other communication without my permission or knowledge are called  viruses or malware.
I DONT USE THIS!!!!!
I got this app. Cuz my friend had it on his phone and iy worked great. I installed it on my phone and it doesn't work the same aas it did on his. When he would look up ph.# the persons name would show up, when i loon up #'s it only tells me the phone company. Why is that, so annoying. lame uninstalling
Worst app! Never works! Don't download
This is stupid
This totally sucks. It takes up too much space on my phone and I can't get rid of it... I hate it
Whenever I get on with a lg it never works. I think it's due to the Service provider or is the phone that comes from them. I never had as problems much from straight talk as I do cricket.
Never had a problem til this new update....uninstalled!!!!!!!
Have 3 tabs only..   restaurant, movie and business lookup.  What happened with this upgrade?????   This used to be great 5 star app!  Its virtually useless now. Please fix ASAP!
Won't search for movies. Won't bring up movies under theater selection. Pretty much useless.
Shows the cinema, but not which movies are showing.
Worked amazingly on my BB storm. Always clicked a location and used Verizon navigator to get there. Now on HTC thunderbolt, that isn't an option. Now just FC.
So these reviews are meaningless.
Horrible app! It was installed on my phone when I bought it but it keeps crashing my system even when I don't have it running. Won't let me uninstall!
I used Poynt when I was a Blackberry user, it was fantastic. Now that Android has won my affection, Poynt feels limited compared to Google Places/maps.
Sucks
Can't undownload it!
Sucks
I love this app it helps me find everything I need
Everything about this app is awesome..tells you everything you need to know
BLOATWARE!
BLOATWARE!
Certainly not perfect but probably the best of the ilk and the one I go to first among 2 or 3 similar apps. Provides a very broad range of info.
Certainly not perfect but probably the best of the ilk and the one I go to first among 2 or 3 similar apps. Provides a very broad range of info.
Will not add contact to contact list.  Motorola razr maxx.  Business listings not up to date.  Most of the time will not show all catagories.
This preloaded app would be a great if my phone didn't also come preloaded with a similar app called "where".
Need to get off my phone if it's not free y we have to pay for it if it come with the phone
Delete!
I don't use it I don't want to I want it off my phone but it won't let me
But it came preloaded. I have a built-in gps system, so I don't need it....it just sucks up space....
Stupid it wuz alredy on my fone wen  Igot my fone!!!!!! No use 4 it
Every time i open the app, it says that some process ended unexpectedly. Widgets working is the one star.
Don't use this app is worthless to me, n taking up space on sd card wtf update ur system soo I can unstall it.. later now
Don't use this app is worthless to me, n taking up space on sd card wtf update ur system soo I can unstall it.. later now
I don't use it. Want to delete it but can't. And still keep getting request to update.
I never use it.  Waste of space!!!!!  PLEASE let me uninstall!!!
Not good it keep on yeelin u jst 2 update it not good at all sucks
Suxs big ones dont get it
Sucks, and am stuck with it. Will not buy another phone that had it on the phone.
Don't need it
Good for a phone book, complete bloatware, don't even bother updating this garbage application .
I never use it
sucks
idk just that my fone is 200% slower now with this app fyi download at  your own risk!!!
I ready hate that this was  preinstalled on my phone and I can't delete it out even move it to sd card. Waste of space.
I ready hate that this was  preinstalled on my phone and I can't delete it out even move it to sd card. Waste of space.
Worst app. Ever
Does not work
Takes up space.
It seems so usefull. When I bought my phone, it already had it. When I use it, it doesnt let mee. :(
Alot better than other apps and produces more search results than google maps
Make it so it can be moved to SD Card
The app has always drained battery life terribly but I kept it because off it's pros not cons. I gave it four stars last time before update. Man was I a fool. It now drains battery even worse, locations are terribly wrong on places and phone numbers are wrong too. Now my phone is slow as s#*t  and I have plenty of space left and worst of all the app runs horribly slow. It is seriously jacked up. A true piece of s#*t. Download at your own risk people. FYI, once installed, you can't remove it... Boo!!!
Don't want this apparently and no stars from me : (
Just let me delete
Love this!
Package install garbage. Cannot get rid of.
Useless
LOVE
Completely usless. This could save me a lot of data IF I COULD ACYUALLY UNINSTALL.
Slow and doesn't show places I know exist. Wish I could uninstall.
Not helpful at all
Missing alot of information and locations.
Used to be a great app, but no longer pinpoints my location even though I have it enabled in my phones settings. Going, going, gone!
Now it is awful.  Too many irrelevant results. Put in a specific company and it gives pages of other results with completely different names.
Not a bad program but I don't need it and can't uninstall, but uses up my very limitted internal memory space which I run out of...
Not a bad program but I don't need it and can't uninstall, but uses up my very limitted internal memory space which I run out of...
Just a waste of space for me because I do not use and cannot uninstall
This app used to be great,  ...then I updated it. Now it doesn't let me easily find friends by address or phone #. What a step in the wrong direction!!!
How do you uninstall this?
Uninstall
Can see most of what is around me but not all!
Comes on phone. Wish I could delete it.
Came with my phone. Can't delete. Waste of space.
I rooted my phone & STILL CAN'T GET THIS APP OFF my phone. So I don't click on the update, can't afford this app taking up memory ;-(
Worse than b4.
Works well!
Works well!
Until people search. Isnt that illegal?
Good for when im out of town and need to get to somewhere. Very very accurate too.
This app sucks
This is a great app....very useful. I love it!
This app is a waste of my space. I've never and will never use it. Sux it came with the fone n can't delete. Zero stars.
Get off of my droid.
I want it off my phone
Eh uh it's okay
Eh uh it's okay
Used to love this app. Now it can't find a shopko that's 4 miles down the road.
Uninstall. Useless but factory installed and can't. Bummer. Google navigation paired with Google maps who needs this crap?	If it came installed from your provider of course you can't uninstall it. Welcome to corporate world. Check other apps preinstalled on your phone. Ya will not be able to remove them either.
Usless application get rid of it
No way to uninstall.   That makes it a virus in my book.
I wish i could uninstall it, but my phone won't let me!!!!! I don't need or use it
Blows hard! Sucks even harder
Blows hard! Sucks even harder
Don't want but can't uninstall
I don't use it. I want to remove so I can have more memory
Blows!
It doesnt tell you the name of the people who called its stupid now
One of the shittest apps  ever.
If only I could rate this app with zero stars
this is gay
this is gay
Came with phone, cannot uninstall. Duplicates functions of phone or other apps I actually use.
Force close,  uninstalling HTC evo
Why does this app have to keep my phone from sleepin its bs PLEASE CHANGE THATT UNTILL THEN IM NOT INSTALLING THISOR ANY APP THAT PREVENTS MY PHONE FROM SLEEPING
It eats up my battery power. I'd like to be able to uninstall it. I have no intrest in the app at all since I don't drive.
Dumb app came on the phone! Its annoying and wish I could uninstall!
Used to work just fine. Now, the movie listings are totally wrong, not to mention the showtimes. haven't tried any other features, no point. Either all the app is right, or it is all wrong. Uninstalled.
This app is a piece of app, wish I could delete it. Love all these fake reviews saying its great.
Nice app
I use pay as u go, and my phone ain't cheap.  I hate apps that are pre-installed.  Sucks.  And this app listed places I know aren't there anymore, or new name, etc
have absolutely no use for it
Can't remove
Can't get rid of it!
Cant get rid of it...
To unistall this app you have to root your phone with z4root then download titanium backup and you will be able to delete any app tht was preinstalled
this thing SUXX, USELESS nd can't UNinstall it from my phone....GTFO of mA phOne!!!
I don't like tht I'm forced to have an app I don't use that takes up space on my phone I am also stuck with it and it sucks
Maybe good but I dont use this. Its annoyng to keep havng 2 update or the notifications sit there and irritate me. Poynt me 2 directions 2 uninstll
It sucks that this stuff is force fed to us...maybe they know, we would delete it?
Access to my private contact data? Privacy violation!
Don't want, don't want to waste space with it's stupid updates, lame built in software
I really wish I could delete this STUPID app
Making deals with phone companies to have your app be a preloaded system app doesn't make me use your app; it makes me hate you.
Making deals with phone companies to have your app be a preloaded system app doesn't make me use your app; it makes me hate you.
I hate samsung
Ignorate (Stupid) Application Won't Get Off My Phone! It's SO Unnecessary...  (Follow Me On Twitter @IGotTrustIssues!) Thank You! :)
Very usefull, easy to use, I would recommend it :)
Don't need this app but can't get rid of. I don't live in a metro area and don't travel. Hate apps that don't let you uninstall
Crashes constantly on thunderbolt.
Bloatware
Bloatware
carriers getpaid to add these apps to yr phone with no permission to uninstall cuz the get PAID, should be illegal, seriously. doesn't deserve the 1 star that I had to give it so I could review. Samsung prevail. force stop.
Wastee! Hate It ,Dont Want!
I might use or update if it wasn't what I term "forceware". I feel it's unethical for google to agree to install poynt and photobucket under such absurd terms. Shameful.
Title says it all
If you have to force people to use it, then one has to wonder about the quality of this app
Waste of space! Let me download it if I want it!!!!
Wastes the battery only
Forceware is an accurate term 4 this app
Don't update or use uninstall it its just a waist of space & battery
How do you delete this?  Just takes up space.
Let me uninstall!
Get off my phone and stop invading my right to remove your crap.
It was more useful when it was just for airport/mall directories.
I hate that I cant un-install it. Takes up space
I hate that I cant un-install it. Takes up space
Please allow uninstall virgin mobile
more bloatware that will never be used and get 1 star. why does my phone come with 3 different programs like this one? I need 3? or they each paid the phone company to be included?
I hope you keep getting low scores till you allow us to remove this app
Hate this useless app I want it off my phone now!
60 miles are not my current Location..
Can't uninstall it
PLEASE LET ME UNINSTALL.   HAVE NO USE FOR IT. WTF?
I don't understand if I don't ,use ,want or need this why can't I uninstall it???
Just takes up space and battery power. If i could I'd remove. Sry maybe others use it, but have no use 4 It.
Everyone else may say this is useless and just came with the phone but i love it. Its easier then carrying a phone book around with you! Come on people this is one of my favs  apps!!!
New update demands access to personal contacts. DO NOT UPDATE. I flagged this suspicious app as possible malware. You should too! Stop app developers from creating spyware! What's worse is that this crap can't be deleted from my phone without rooting it. I hate you so much, Virgin Mobile, for forcing this spyware crap on me.
Idc
Needs to update more often, and unable to update.
This App is sorry.  Many, many outdated listings.  And, it can not be uninstalled.
There are so many better apps out there.  I wish I could delete this from my phone it's just a waste of space.
Don't need, Don't want. No uninstall.
Not current wont uninstall
I can't remove from phone.
I want to uninstall for the space but i can't. I don't need it but i can't get rid of it. Bunk!
Great for movie times, but crashes on offers
Came with my phone. I neither want it nor need it.
I can't delete this program I hate it it just take up space on my phone. I HATE THIS PROGRAM!!!!!!
I have used both this update & the one before this,& honestly I dnt see a difference so why update! I found this out bcuz I was running out of room from constant updates that dnt work wasting memory go figure. I am just,about fed up with Android period!
Just updated to the latest version and it removed 2 of the things I use the most.  The Gas prices and events.  I now only has restaurants, movies and yellow pages.  Time to get a new app.
Horrible
Horrible
Horrible
Great app works well not sure why do many bad reviews??
I wish I could delete this from my phone. I don't want it. Thanks a lot, virgin mobile. :(
Hate it and wish it would leave.
Another factory program eating memory cant delete and hate!
Another factory program eating memory cant delete and hate!
I want u gone u stupid app Go home ....  ....please?
Who makes a app that is built into a phone and the app doesn't? Seriously who does that?!?
Who makes a app that is built into a phone and the app doesn't? Seriously who does that?!?
The restaurants in Scottsdale were way out of date.... two of them had closed 6 years ago!
Why is it that it says the app is 2.42MB but after you download its over 4.24MB!!?? & the gas is always atleast $0.10 off!!!!!!!
Waste of space on my phone. Never use it. Wish it was able to be removed.
don't like it, can't uninstall it. wtf?
when will businesses realize that bloatware is not exactly endearing to users? by forcing an app on users, they only give themselves a bad name.
Both this and where are  on my phone.  How are they different?
Waste of space wont go away
Off by 20 cents and listed a station that has been closed for a year.  Waste of space app.
Off by 20 cents and listed a station that has been closed for a year.  Waste of space app.
Off by 20 cents and listed a station that has been closed for a year.  Waste of space app.
Don't want. Taking up space on my phone and one of many forced useless apps that are keeping me have having enough space to get apps I want
I had poynt on my blackberry. It always worked well and it was handy and i used it quite often. Now that i have an android phone which i love i installed it again. Half the time not all of the icon appear like movies and events and when i search for something with gas OR a set location i doesn't pull up anything. This app is horrible for android and i will be installing it.
Wish I could unistall this crap, but it came with phone & wont let me.
Wish I could unistall this crap, but it came with phone & wont let me.
Dont want this on my phone I clear da app and uninstall the updates...waste of memory..
Don't want this. Keeps overloading my fone. Doesn't disappear. This & Layer.
I don't want this.
Came with the phone, and cant get rid of it! So lame.
Can't uninstall.
Can't uninstall.
Can't uninstall this crap.
Nõ
I don't want ur crappy app and u tryin 2 force an update on me
When reading the "good" reviews for this app, it is clear they are fake. Stop forcing apps on your consumers or you will lose them. You have a chance to make things right before we all jump ship. Do it!
Searching for restaurant by type, Google Maps found more, had more info on them.  And sends you to Maps for directions. Also can't remove from phone without unlocking it, Bloatware sucks up storage space. Wish I could Delete!
I don't want this on my phone >:(
I already have an application like this that also can't delete. So please let us take this off of our phones if we don't want it. Stop forcing this crap on us
TAKES UP SPACE!!! I NEVER USED THIS APP & I WISH I COULD UNINSTALL THIS GARBAGE!!!!! IT CAME WITH MY PHONE!!!!!  -_______-
DO NOT!!!! INSTALL UNLESS YOU WANT TO KEEP IT FOREVER.!!!! cant uninstall.!!! sucks, it wamt fresh, gives me the wrong temps
The app keeps hanging whenever I try and interact with something. The data coverage is poor, was missing loads of nearby content. Disappointing as it promised much.
The app keeps hanging whenever I try and interact with something. The data coverage is poor, was missing loads of nearby content. Disappointing as it promised much.
wish I could uninstall
Spam
Does anybody actually use this app lol cause I don't
Why can't we take this app off? I don't use it at all! I don't want it.
Dont need how do I uninstall
Dont need how do I uninstall
Useless bloatware. Can't uninstall. Want this crap off My phone!
Sucks balls.
Ughgg! . No uninstall button!  Really?"
Thank you so much for forcing me & others to waste precious space with this waste of space app!! How bout you let me decide what I do or DO NOT want on MY phone you douche bags!!
Why can't I uninstall this..why why oh my gosh how I wish so badly I could erase this junk off my phone that would make me so happy if I never saw this app again. I can only keep wishing that one day the uninstall button will come up
This app was preinstalled on my phone, and although, maybe useful to some people, I don't use it. Uninstalling is not possible!
This app serves no purpose whatsoever.
won't let me delete it
The move to my SD card option. Doesn't open.
Its just space wasting demon
I JUST WANT IT OFF MY PHONE!!!
Stupid app
This POS came installed on my phone and I can't uninstall it.  Gets way too many updates and is no different than a billion other apps.   What's the Poynt?
Let me uninstall this worthless app!
Wish I could delete it. It takes up my space for nothing. USELESS
SUCKS BIG TIME HATE ALL THE UNNECESSARY APPS TAKES UP MORE SPACE THAN IT NEEDS TO UGH WISH I CAN DELETE THEM ALL!!!
SUCKS BIG TIME HATE ALL THE UNNECESSARY APPS TAKES UP MORE SPACE THAN IT NEEDS TO UGH WISH I CAN DELETE THEM ALL!!!
On my lg.  wish I could  stop these update notifications
I wish these phones just came with the basic's and not all this stuff we don't use nor want.
Came with my phone. Does nothing that I can't do with google navigation. Deleted, but it still notifies me of updates.
Terrible waste of space.
GET IT OFF MY PHONE IT'S TAKING UP SPACE! IT'S LIKE A MEMORY PAPER WEIGHT!!!
I want and need to delete it but cant
Never is it right. It says it is updated but really its not. The prices for gas are always higher then what it says.
I don't like it
Came with optimus v. Waste of resources therefore mal/bloatware.
Uninstall please!
Wasting space on a stupid apparently make it eraseable
I don't use this please take off
I dont want this app on my phone whatsoever!
I want it off my phone now No good
DO NOT NOT NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!! You will. NOT be able to UNINSTALL it . It is TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.TRASH.
Can't uninstall! Thanks for the garbage
Thanks for craming this pos on my phone!
Un nessary un wanted crap useless
I want to remove it.  I don't need it!
Useless
I don't even use this!  -.-
Bloatware trash. Screw you.
The Uninstall is greyed out. Must I reset eveything.  Report this evil demon of a spying out of line program of violation. Am I clear?
Not sure who search is powered by, but many places missing. Addresses are wrong or incomplete
Hate it
Hate it
With high gas prices this app is a life saver.
ī ฬคกҭ īҭ гє๓๏ⅴє๔ ғг๏๓ ๓ұ рђ๏กє! Now
Came with phone but can't delete. Never use.  Isn't that the definition of bloatware.
This is not a good app!!! Want to get rid of it but i can't!! Hate it!!
I don't want nor use this app but it is taking up space on my phone. Rude.
I don't want nor use this app but it is taking up space on my phone. Rude.
Do not want.
Do not want.
Do not want.
I have no use for it. Please fix!
Can't delete!
How do i remove this app? Never use it & it wastes space id rather use for other apps.  Really annoys me.  Id give it a negative rating if I could-give me a choice of what I put on my phone!
How do I get this stupid app off my phone???
How can I remove these space consuming apparently that came with my phone?  I NEVER use this!
How do I remove this app its just taking up my freaking storage space!!
I want to remove this!
Fuqq this shiet i wanna remove but i cant   its wasting my phones memory
Fuqq this shiet i wanna remove but i cant   its wasting my phones memory
I want to remove it, but i cant
Looking for a CVS, still had it listed as Sav-ons and lead me to a random house 2 blocks from CVS.
I love this app but I really never understood what it could do.
Why cant I delete this stupid bloatware from my phone?
So tired of being forced to waste space on apps i will NEVER use! Upgrading my phone soon and it WONT be a google android!
Forces closed unistalling
Can't uninstall.  Huge waste of space
Cant uninstall this app, its a waste of space.
Came preinstalled on my phone. Can't uninstall it. PLZ ADD UNINSTALL BUTTON!!! WAISTE OF SPACE!
I could delete this piece of shite off my phone
Takes up room, and i will never  ever use it.
Needs to be able to be uninstalled! Why do I need 6 apps about places. None of which can be uninstalled! .
Don't like that i can't install. Takes up space on my phone that i could use for other things.
Can't uninstall
My phone has a low space capacity and I would like to get rid of apps I don't use instead of having to pick and choose between the ones I do use. Please let us uninstall!!!! Virgin Mobile LG Optimus Slider
Let us uninstall!
Use this app allot for past year...until week ago app was Awsome now get error... I Updated..checked App 2 phone...sent email...no response... Sad really
Using a Xoom.  Map location is reported wrong by 3-5 miles.  Therefore nearest anything is wrong...directions are wrong.  I do not think it is Poynt since the map app does it too.  But bottom line is I can not rely on it regardless of why it is wrong.
This is rediculous, should be allowed to uninstall an app from my phone.
I do NOT have a virgin phone, but this came pre installed and cannot be uninstalled. I have Google navigation which is a thousand times better at finding things and doesn't have the force close issue. I have attempted to use this app, and found it highly inaccurate and difficult to use.
Takes up a ton of space and I can't uninstall it. What the hell is a matter with android?  Why not let me delete something on MY PHONE THAT I PAID FOR?!
Garbage
I absolutely loved this app on the bb, it was seamless from city to city with gas prices, museum events and concerts, movies, etc. Then I got my Droid and couldn't wait for the poynt app. It worked just like expected. great interface. You can shut it down when your not using it. There had been an issue with a search engin, but out seems to be worked out. All in all good stuff.
Crashes constantly. Has viruses.
Came pre-installed on my phone and I can't delete it! Plus it takes up too much space on my phone!
One word crap. U can not uninstall it. Takes up space on my android phone. I hate it with a passion ! !
I hate this for 1 reason cause it comes pre installed on the phone HATE!!!!!!!!!
I hate this for 1 reason cause it comes pre installed on the phone HATE!!!!!!!!!
One word: CRAPWARE.
Useless and uses up my storage I wish I could remove it
Useless and uses up my storage I wish I could remove it
Constantly updates (thus decreasing available local storage space) even though I unchecked "allow automatic updates" in Android Market. Freezes phone, and constantly restarting & running in background. Huge irony is that I NEVER use this app and never will. I want this app removed from my phone. Please.
Does nothing but force closes on my evo 3d, suxxxxxx!
Stupid bloatware preinstalled and can't delete from my phone - jerks!
I don't use it it is f****** stupid I hate the constant updates. Why can't I delete it and why can't I not rate it
Idk if it was the update but I can't even use it because the GPS takes all day t find me before it was5 stars until fixed its 1sorry... step up ya game
Hate it. I don't use it, wish I could uninstall it
Apps that came on your phone. So we put a app in a app that has a phone with a app in it that's inside your phone.
I don't care about what this app does and I cannot remove it. Nothing but bloat.
LOVE THIS APP!!!!
Wish I could delete this app and free up some space on my phone.
GET OFF MY PHONE
Waste of space
66655895
Waste of space, cannot uninstall it. Will be rooting my phone to get rid of it.
Waste of space. Add an uninstall button or move to card.
Would uninstall it if I could, but came on my phone and is now just taking up space.
I've used this app since my blackberry days. Now it's on my nexus S and my Asus trans prime.
I've used this app since my blackberry days. Now it's on my nexus S and my Asus trans prime.
PEASE LET US UNINSTALL IF WE CHOOSE TO!!!!! ZERO STARZ...
Terrible, wish I could uninstall.
Hate this sorry mf
Hate this sorry mf
Tried using this app, crashed several times, then when it did work it never found anything close. Aparently not Kansas City friendly. Now I can't get rid of it because it is standard on my phone. Wish I could uninstall.
Its my phone, I paid for it. So I should be able to delete the programs that I dont want. I dont have any use for this program. Pure crap.
Its my phone, I paid for it. So I should be able to delete the programs that I dont want. I dont have any use for this program. Pure crap.
Its my phone, I paid for it. So I should be able to delete the programs that I dont want. I dont have any use for this program. Pure crap.
Phone #s are wrong
CAN'T REMOVE IT!
An utterly stupid app that came pre installed. It freezes, takes up space and does not even work! Cannot imagine anyone voluntarily downloading it
Don't use and don't want it
This is just taking up space. Needs ability to fully uninstall without root.
I need more space on my phone yet this app is still on my phone. I have already uninstalled this app but is still on my phone. Help please!
Never used it.let us uninstall this crap taking up space
Just downloaded it n it keeps force closing
I want this of my phone
I don't want this, don't need this, and want it off of my phone. Can't remove. Stupid bloatware.
Nobody wants bloatware get a clue and let us uninstall this app
Wont let me delete it
Please tell me how to delete this!
PLEASE let me delete this!
PLEASE let me delete this!
Would like the option to delete or move to sd card. I never use this and need the space.
Just want to delete this dang thing!
Just want to delete this dang thing!
Cannot uninstall
Useless
Know need for this app. If you have an android phone you have internet so just use it and not this stupid app!
Dont want
Can't uninstall it cause of virgin mobile
Can't get rid of it, hate how much space it takes up.
I don't want it, I don't use it and yet I can't get rid of it. Thanks to Virgin Mobile it's embedded in my phone with other crapware that I don't use. Just takes up space. 1 star because there is no 0.
so far every event I wanted to go to that is mentioned turned out not to be happening at all. Wasted a lot of my time this program does not work
Bad
It's annoying
LG...I want my money back!!   Let me punt this potential crap!! I can't get rid of it so if I can't decide what to keep and get rid of on my cell, give me back my money!!!!!
Waste of space, POINTless! I  want it off my phone now!!!  ZERO stars.  Turn Off updates and disable all permissions!! GARBAGE
Do not install! This is a virus! Its bloat!  It accesses your personal info and shares it! Tracks your spenidning patterns to give to partners for use in spamming you! WORST OF ALL YOU CAN'T UNINSTALL IT!
I wish I could give it a lower rating.
Came pre installed.  Won't go away. Do not want.
Phone bloat wear..
I want to uninstall
Another useless app that colects your social and spending habits so you can be target marketing
Has not worked for me ever, and you can't remove it.
I need some space on my  phone and  I can't even move it to my sd card. Maybe  I can connect my phone to my computer & manualy delete it. Ill have to try that.
I wish I could delet this stupid app but my phone wont let me. Its useless and is laggy
Its not showing any results when i do adress look up
Won't find people on my own street, including myself.
Agreed...don't want it, can't   uninstall!!
I can't delete this app from my phone, and it just keeps asking for more permissions.
ugh why can't I uninstall it?
ugh why can't I uninstall it?
USELESS,  TAKES UP TOO MUCH SPACE! I DON'T USE & I  WANT IT GONE! HOW DO I UNINSTALL?!!
We checked gas prices and drove 18 miles to save 20 cents on a gallon. Turns out the price was not correct. I could have got my gas cheep. By my house. How do I delete this app
Memory hog, just taking up space
Suggest changing phone AND provider!
Was good but you f**ked it up. Dumb mf
It never works correctly and the ads are suffocating
It never works correctly and the ads are suffocating
Let me delete this crap
Let me delete this crap
Stupid bloatware I hate it
This Sucks! How Do I Delete This App?
This Sucks! How Do I Delete This App?
This Sucks! How Do I Delete This App?
This Sucks! How Do I Delete This App?
Another useless app that I have never used and don't want. Waste of space. I wish I could uninstall it.
How can I uninstall this program?
Used to work great. Now all I get is xml parse error. I hate crappy software. Really hate when they screw up a good thing. Used to be nice to at least check had prices, etc. lost another customer.
This is the only reason I want to root my phone. I can't uninstall it.
I don't want this app, and I hate that it's forced on us.
Hate this app! Does any body know how to remove??? Please post answer if U do..!!.. =)
Can't uninstall and can't move to SD card.
Never looked for resturants on htc inspire, always gave me an error.
Needs uninstall option
How can l uninstall this software? I don't need it. I want to get this shut out of my phone. Can somebody tell me what to do? Please
Bloatware. Worthless.
Why can't I uninstall it? Ugh,  I want it gone!
I hate it! And it won't let me uninstall! Horrible
It takes to much space
Very useful and I love making fast reservations or checking out local events on the go.
Let me remove this crap. I hate getting updates everyday about it!
Useless, want it off ASAP
This app is like a virus. Cant delete. DO NOT UPDATE OR DOWNLOAD. U have been warned.
Don't use it, don't want it but can't delete it either. Would really ll ke to have the extra space.
Hate it. I don't want to update, just wanna remove.
Hate it. I don't want to update, just wanna remove.
Hate it. I don't want to update, just wanna remove.
Wish I could uninstall it.
Wish I could uninstall it.
Dont use this ever
Wtf I don't need this crap! Can't uninstall :(
APP IS PURE CRAP WONT LET ME UNINSTALL FIX THIS DONT LIKE ST ALL USELESS WONT LET ME ADD W/O GIVING IT A STAR BS
I just want to remove this app huawei ascend
I just want to remove this app huawei ascend
Very bad unable tp remove.update taking more space.very bad app.remove now
Liked the app until they added the ads that never go away and limit screen area for results/information viewing
The  place its help me so not very
Sucks can't do less then a star
Won't let me uninstall bs
Won't play trailer- forecloses- uninstalling
Reverse lookup not working. Says no results found.
I dont use it but cant remove it.
I want this crap off My phone. No uninstall option no way to get it off.
Can't remove Can't remove
Love it! 4 stars because it was faster On BB.
Please allow permissions for app removal.  Many love this app but for those of us that do not want it, it is annoying that we can't use the space for something else.
Isn't this  like cheap imitation of where
Came installed on phone, update installed advertising, uninstalled update to get rid of ads.
Waste of storage space. Google maps & yellow pages work better. It won't uninstall so stick with well known apps is my recommendation.
how do I uninstall it?
how do I uninstall it?
Don't need it. wish I could delete it :-)
Came preinstalled on a VM LG Optimus V and it will not uninstall.  It is also useless and there are at least a dozen better apps than this POS virus.
It sucks that google will not allow this app to be removed... Now I keep getting bothered about this needing an update.
- Don't want it, can't get rid of it.
Get your F*ing application out of my phone!
Saved me many times!
Yep, they sure screwed it up.  I knew I shouldn't have "updated" it.  DON'T GET A VERSION NEWER THAN JUL 2011!!!
I rly recommend downloadin it :)
Unable to uninstall, space hogging pile of useless app.
Bloatware is redundent Redundent is bloatware Hauwei ascend 2
Bloatware is redundent Redundent is bloatware Hauwei ascend 2
Reverse lookup by # gives the same location on map for every single number. Stupid. Please fix the map. Point is pointless.
Just terrible.
Just terrible.
Sick of updates for this app, I have never used it, nor do I intend to. Wish I could uninstall so I could use the space for something useful!
One of my favorite apps from my old blackberry.
With the new update, it appears to run constantly, taking up almost half the battery.  Uninstalled.
Wish I could delete.
Cannot remove this terrible app. I want to rate this zero stars or less.
This app sucks and isn't accurate, most of the time...
Garbage bloatware
Garbage bloatware
It tried to find apple retail store in our area (NVA). It was unable to find any, despite the fact, there are three within 10 miles of my location!
Pointless
The app takes me to closed businesses and you can't uninstall! What's up with that?????
I really like it. Optimus
Until it became a bloatware product with no way to remove it.
Would like to remove this app. Zero stars.
App came pre-installed on my phone, I don't want it, and I can't uninstall
Why should this app modify my events calendar and email all my contacts? If I want to notify people and change events I want control of that.
This came on my phone and  I don't want it. Now I can't delete it.
This came on my phone and  I don't want it. Now I can't delete it.
This came on my phone and  I don't want it. Now I can't delete it.
Another crap app I didn't install and can't delete!
Lack of cat pictures and not that useful
Should like to remove this pre loaded crap, but VM won't allow me to remove it. It's crap, and garbage, if I wanted this I would have downloaded it.
Do not download, will not allow you to uninstall!!!
anybody who likes this app is spam paid by google to like this app
I hate it
No use & can't remove :|
No use & can't remove :|
Go away
I wish I could delete this from my phone!
I wish I could delete this from my phone!
Good app had it on my blackberry and came in very handy
Came pre loaded on the phone &  I can not delete it. I never wanted this app.
I don't want it...
Cannot uninstall.
Why can't I uninstall this?
Bloatware
Yay for bad, angry reviews! >:D
Like everyone else said.
Anything that forces itself on my phone gets one star.
Get it off my phone! ! !
Get it off my phone! ! !
Wish, could delete it.
Can't be deleted on optimus slider. Rating 1 star because poynt must have arranged a deal with VM.
I really wish I could uninstall this cuz my phone barely had space to begin with and its because of bloatware like this.
bloatware.
Dear android/virgin mobile, Please stop preloading useless crap on our phones with no uninstall option.
Dear android/virgin mobile, Please stop preloading useless crap on our phones with no uninstall option.
I dont want this
Can't uninstall.
Let me uninstall this crap.
Please get it off my phone.
Preinstalled app
Preinstalled app
I cant use this were I live.  When i do find something its closed.  App came installed on phone and cannot take it off.  boo
WAIST of space. We should be allowed to have an option of having it on our phone or not. Using up space that I need..
How do i delete dis off my phone?????.
This isn't worth looking at; I'm considering a new ROM just to get rid of it. What a piece of s... garbage.
Taking up my phone space wtf
Taking up my phone space wtf
Never wanted it. Can't delete it. Hogs space and won't move to SD card.
Is there some type of way ii can take this completely off of my device
Worthless. Get it off my phone please
Worthless.
I dnt knw why there r so many bad reviews. I've had this app since April and its never let me down. Always comes thru for me! Cry Babys!
Forced app. How can I get this crax off MY phone??
Forced to have does not deserve a chance.
Why does my phone have this bloated crapware forced install.
I don't want this app and I can't uninstall it
Was a great app. but now the ads will get annoying. Will give it a chance.
Buggy app steals personal info.
Buggy app steals personal info.
I wish  I could uninstall this junk
Wish I could get rid of this crap app.
Cant uninstall
How does this stupid app get so many good ratings? I want to uninstall but cant..waste of phone memorh space
It sucks.
Ok you update and still no uninstall option? Can I just know why we have to have this on our phone? Useless to me.
Ok you update and still no uninstall option? Can I just know why we have to have this on our phone? Useless to me.
Paid for phone & for service, but wasn't told I'd be stuck w/ apps I can't uninstall. I'd BUY an app to lose those forced on me.
Waste of space.
Poyntless!
Poyntless!
I DONT WANT OR NEED YOU!!!
I don't want this on my phone.
Sucks
Don't want it!
Wish I wasn't forced to keep this installed...
Useless and cannot uninstall.
Useless and cannot uninstall.
Sucks up memory and won't allow me to uninstall it... Ugh!
Would be lost without it...
App that I can't uninstall!
Worthless app that eats space that I cannot uninstall
Wish I could get rid of this  bundled crap without rooting (with chance of bricking) my phone.
I don't want the app. Taking up room on my phone and can't fully uninstall. Stupid
Used to work awesome but now it never finds anything , movies , restaurants , anything just searches for ever never finding anything. Sad used to b 5+
Mandatory for no good reason. Its almost worth hacking my phone just to uninstall.
This app came with the phone and you can't uninstall it
This app came with the phone and you can't uninstall it
Let me uninstall this app.   Came on my phone and I have no interest in it.
they want me to update this  but I don't want it at all. 1 star, I'll give it 2 stars if I can uninstall.
I wish I was able to delete this app... It is pointless and is just taking up space.
I wish I was able to delete this app... It is pointless and is just taking up space.
Useless, but you have no choice but to keep it. How do I delete it?
useless locks up my phone and a waste of space......get it off my phone!!!
I don't want it
This useless app came pre installed (and non removable) on my phone and I never use it. It also demands quite extraordinary permissions for no reason
This app SUCKS! This app is SO unuseful. But it wont let me delete it.  Google is better, faster, and stronger!
I can't delete this app. Does anyone know how to?
Bloat ware!
Bloated crap. Other apps are much better for the same service.
I paid for a phone that has no memory cause of this bs!!!!!
How can I take this off my Phone!
At least give us the option to remove this crap from our phones when we don't want it.
Used to like it but can't uninstall and no instructions on how to. Going to take my phone to Cricket and see if they can figure this out. Don't use!!
I use Google
Bloatware
Will not let me uninstall useless taking up space
Will not let me uninstall useless taking up space
don't like it can't uninstall it  suck how do you remove off of  Samsung prevail
it sux doesnt show all locations. i want to uninstall but you cant. what a waste of space
Email contacts no! Not updated listings! Boston Market and McDonalds in Rogers Plaza have been gone looong time! Uninstalled!!
I didn't download. I've never once used this app & am upset it's wasting space. Unable to remove.
This app used to be great now all it does is force close!!!!
Sucks
Once was a good app. Tried using on my vacation out of town and it got me lost more times than I can remember. Gps stopped working all of a sudden.
Biggest POS preload app wasting memmory on my phone. On principle I wont use it because it can't be removed.
Wish this dumb thing could be removed! So not worth the waste of space!
Dont need it! Came on phone, can't remove. :(
Waste of space
Ever since I updated it says its "not available in my country" but I'm in the USA and it worked before!  Will give 5 stars when problem is fixed.
Ever since I updated it says its "not available in my country" but I'm in the USA and it worked before!  Will give 5 stars when problem is fixed.
GET THIS OFF MY SAMSUNG PREVAIL!!!! I DONT LIKE BEING FORCED TO KEEP THIS CRAP-APP!!!!!!
I don't care how often it turns auto update back on, I uninstall it every time. These annoying pre-installed apps are insulting. I never use it.
I want it off my phone dont use it how can i take it off...
3 restaurants listed have been closed for over 3 years and there is no way to update info. Restaurants that are open and 2 years old are not listed.
Really need a uninstall option.
just a bad app
Whats the real reason for wanting our pics? *Caution*  read carefully what they are wanting us to give them permission to do regarding using your came
I really wish service provders would stop shoveling bloatware on phones that cannot be removed without root.
This app has saved me many times! Super accurate and helpful.
Get this off my phone. Its just taking up space. No I do not wanna update, no I don't wanna open it.
No I do not want to update. Get this piece of junk off of my phone.
Please stop asking me to update you.  Just because I have no choice whether you're on my phone doesn't mean I want to listen to you whine every day.
I love this qpp more that I was able to move it to my sd card.
Galaxy prevail boost mobile
I never use it but it always wants to update. Its just taking up memory I need for other things. I hate this stupid thing!!!!!!!!
Awful app
i want this battery hogg off my phone NOW!
Never have used this app and cannot remove or uninstall from my phone!  What a waste of memory!!
When it gets your correct location it works great
I dont use it or want it, sorta dumb came with my phone wasnt a app I could delete until I went into,my app management settin n deleted this crap
Love the Reverse Lookup by Phone!
Was good until it became incompatible with my Huawei Ascend 2.
Dangerous to allow unannounced use of your camera.  Also does not allow search without knowing specific city and state	Privacy issues Allowing an app to use your camera whenever it wants to is dangerous.  You don't want to be in the shoes of congressman andrew weiner w
The access that this app is asking for now is ridiculous... Seeing camera images.  All Contact info.  Screw you... I'll uninstall before i give u that
I really dislike this crap and the fact l'm unable to delete it drives me nuts. Will probably root it out.
I really dislike this crap and the fact l'm unable to delete it drives me nuts. Will probably root it out.
This app came pre-installed on my phone and the option to uninstall it has been blocked.  When a developer feels the need to take away your ability to remove their app, that tells you everything you need to know about it...pure garbage.  I don't trust this app and I want it off my phone now...guess I'll have to root it.
Came with phone, don't want it, can't turn off auto update, can't delete it, what a waste.
Interesting that with an update requiring expanded permissions there is a glut of glowing reviews.  Look back a few days; reviews are not so positive.
Far too many of the places I've been have closed. A much better database is needed before I will use again.
Works great...g2
something is not right about that  is it spyware?
Go away!
It seems like a front end for Yellow Pages. What's the social aspect? I already know what is around me, I want to know what is good.
It seems like a front end for Yellow Pages. What's the social aspect? I already know what is around me, I want to know what is good.
Do not want it on my phone, and no way to take it off.
Why can't I delete it? I don't want it on my phone.
I want it off my phone
Don't force me to keep this crap
I hardly use this app so why can't I uninstall it?
I never use this app, so y cant I uninstall it? I shouldnt b made to keep it!!! Crap
I agree with david and michael. I DONT WANT OR USE THIS APP! Give us the option to delete this crap. Its a waste of space on my phone.
I agree with david and michael. I DONT WANT OR USE THIS APP! Give us the option to delete this crap. Its a waste of space on my phone.
I hate when software comes on a device and then can not be unloaded or turned off.
I hate when software comes on a device and then can not be unloaded or turned off.
Bit still gets 1 star for being bloatware. Comsumers don't like bloatware l. It's a waist of money. Fire your marketing department.
How come I can't remove this app? I didn't even want it to begin with! :O
This will come in very handy thimbs up
I want it off my phone. I do not agree with permissions
I want it off my phone. I do not agree with permissions
I have no use for this app I have the gps already and I can't uninstall wasteful space....
I don't use this and can't uninstall. Someone please help me uninstall this app. Android user. :-(
Bloatware that can't be  uninstalled on my virgin mobile phone
Why can't I uninstall you? :*(
Why can't I uninstall you? :*(
Why can't I uninstall you? :*(
Unwanted app
This apparently sucks want it off my phone
Forced to be on my phone. This app sucks.
Forced to be on my phone. This app sucks.
Map accuracy is awful. Most restaurants shown miles from their true locations. Many listings out of business 1, 2, even 5 years! A real disservice!
How do I get rid of this thing!?!? Useless!! Takes up space...
Freaking hate it. Can't uninstall.
Freaking hate it. Can't uninstall.
Comes preinstalled on LG Optimus. Uninstall is forbidden. Keeps trying to update automatically stealing valuable storage space. Listing of businesses is too sparse to be useful.
Crap can't uninstall
Why can't I uninstall this?! I don't even use this app and I need the space! What gives?!
Why can't I uninstall this?! I don't even use this app and I need the space! What gives?!
LAME. IT CANNOT BE MOVED TO THE SD CARD. IT CANNOT BE UNINSTALLED. IT IS NOT A NICE APP. LG OPTIMUS V.
Do not want or need, can not uninstall, will not remember that I have UN checked auto update, takes up valuable space. Run away while you can!
Hope u don't mind being sent to places that no longer exist.  Total waste of time!
This has always been a 5 star app. But since the last few updates major battery drain from constant Gps activation on EVO 4g. Please fix.
Was a great app to me but now the updates made people lookup unreliable. Barely any form of search works. It was useful like a caller ID. Unistalling.
ALMOST ALWAYS HAS ERRORS ON SEARCH...HIT AND MISS ON CHANCES OF RESULTS. POOR.UNINSTALLED. HTC EVO
A very nice app; puts all the important information you need at your fingertips. Keep up the good work!
I had point on my blackberry and it was awesome now on my DROID pro it can find anything. I am uninstalling.
Haven't used this app in months and all of a sudden it is utilizing 50% battery everyday for about a week. NOT GOOD!!! Uninstall!
Useful app but it keeps accessing GPS even when its not open and kills my battery... until this is fixed I will have to uninstall it
This used to be a great app but since I updated it, I have not gotten it to work. I have uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail.
Great program
All 4 bars of 3G and GPS active but won't connect to server...should be able to sort gas prices low to high or do it automatically. Uninstalled.
I will uninstall this app! The recent update turned an otherwise decent app it into crap! Not nearly as good as the Blackberry version.
This has been really easy to use & its actually finding what I'm looking for. Galaxy
Too many permissions that aren't needed.
Works well, but doesn't export address fields correctly into address book.
Used to love this app but since latest update its constantly searching GPS and kills my battery life.
Fix the gps problem! It just keeps trying to find me over gps and there is no way to turn it off- it never fixes on the signal!
I love it! Had on my blackberry and was so excited to see on the droid market. Droid X
All events being shown, too far. Why does it automatically log into my twitter and facebook. Rubbish
Recent update didn't work for me. App became slow and unresponsive. Uninstalled update and works fine again. Optimus V
Useless, GPS is useless in this app, cannot find gas stations much less prices, cinemas never mind the rest the same inaccurate results. Nexus one
I'm surprised ppl giving this app 4+ stars, every time I've used this app, its given me wrong or obsolete info. EVO 3D
Searched for nearby restaurants. Gave me some that closed 3 years ago. Aaaand... uninstall.
Easy to use and a life saver when looking for a gas pump in the middle of nowhere on a long trip.
I absolutely love poynt. I had it on my Blackberry and it was a must have for my EVO. You will like this app.
I absolutely love poynt. I had it on my Blackberry and it was a must have for my EVO. You will like this app.
The last update was bad. Force close on start up. I uninstalled it and re-installed the latest version and it works.
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
Way too many ads.
Consistently pulls up places that no longer exist. Pretty sure it searchs a 1980's phone book.
Tamika. This app is fantastic!! I use it all the time specially when I want to be spontaneous
App is excellent. It works with GPS to locate a restaurant or club near your hotel. Other Apps make claims and I tried them all, they suck.
If theres an app to get its this one. So many options! I went to new york city, didnt fail me once! GREAT APP!!!
Awesome! Luv it but since having my HTC Thunderbolt having a hard time getting it to work which sucks!!!
Was on a long trip, point, stalled on a town for the entire trip saying that's where we were, never would update any other town.
Reverse phone number lookup doesn't work on the HTC EVO. It gives a error message every time where you have to force it close. That sucks
Reverse phone number lookup doesn't work on the HTC EVO. It gives a error message every time where you have to force it close. That sucks
Force closes every time I try to look up someone's number, but other than that great! HTC Hero
jy You.hi . .
it is terrible do not try it u can only play the trailer if u don't know know how to enter the location.
Absolutely awful. When ever i pressed it, it restarted my phone and didnt let me go on the internet. Uninstalled. Samsung europa.
Best app for everything. I have used it for 2 yrs now and have never had a problem. And the award goes to Poynt!!!!!
Samsung Epic - I use it for the movie show times. It works great. Also weather is accurate. Some business listings are out of date or inaccurate.
Great app. Gas price problems must depend on what area you live in because it works great where I live! A++++
Adware crap. search for best gas prices, it gives a screen full of unrelated junk. Once you scroll past that, you see that it didn't list the nearest
Adware crap. search for best gas prices, it gives a screen full of unrelated junk. Once you scroll past that, you see that it didn't list the nearest
Nearest events were 30miles away and it destroyed my battery life. Not really worth it imo
I used to love poynt but now every time I search for a business all I get are advertisements. Not happy. Uninstalling.
Used it to find a place to eat. That worked great but when I used it to call the restaraunt it called someones house :\
Doesn't list all movies at Dolphins mall and others only two or less..used to be awesome, not anymore :(
This app sux an always starts searching for movies by itself how do i delete this bs
Did not find any events. Just ads for business. Gives wrong resturaunt locations and phone numbers. Uninstall
Great app... if you could make it access Google information on businesses it would be perfect!
Seems like a great idea, but I have yet to open it without it forceclosing.
Love to use for local gas prices. I wish it had a refresh option though because sometimes the gps picks up my old location.
As much as I love my phone, the one problem is that this terrible app was preinstalled. I can't imagine why anyone would install it on purpose. Other apps have the same features, but do them much better. This app always runs, no matter what you do, it will run in the background, sucking your battery for an app no one wants. If you kill it, it comes back even more powerful. It's like an evil Obi-wan Kenobi.
As much as I love my phone, the one problem is that this terrible app was preinstalled. I can't imagine why anyone would install it on purpose. Other apps have the same features, but do them much better. This app always runs, no matter what you do, it will run in the background, sucking your battery for an app no one wants. If you kill it, it comes back even more powerful. It's like an evil Obi-wan Kenobi.
Seems like they fixed the problem with poynt finding phone numbers..now it works just fine just like before..
It's slow, it doesn't get my location right, and it doesn't get the locations right
It's slow, it doesn't get my location right, and it doesn't get the locations right
Stalker gold. If you can get the number it will give you directions. That's scary.
This app works as expected no complaints.
This thing is so outdated it's practically worthless. Brings up places that have been closed for years! Uninstalled
This thing is so outdated it's practically worthless. Brings up places that have been closed for years! Uninstalled
This thing is so outdated it's practically worthless. Brings up places that have been closed for years! Uninstalled
Started out good but then once u close the app it can't seem to find my location. Haven't had issue with yelp.
The restaurants in the area that have been closed for over four years are listed, and gas stations that are closest to me are not! GPS ;(
Went to nearby restaurants and it gave me places that haven't been open in years. Use google idiots. Uninstalled.
Useless. Conquest is not a location for fuel. Even listed outside of the "recommend sites." Uninstalled.
Cannot refresh current location; even in short radius, keeps giving me places miles away!!! Uninstalled immediately!
Cannot refresh current location; even in short radius, keeps giving me places miles away!!! Uninstalled immediately!
I drove my kids a hour to see a movie that the time was listed wrong on this site, we had other plans afterwards, so couldn't wait till correct time:(
How orignal, slap interface and pull data from citysearch,opentable,gas buddy and white pages.
How orignal, slap interface and pull data from citysearch,opentable,gas buddy and white pages.
I used this on my blackberry and use it on my HTC. Quick and easy way to find addresses & phone numbers
Poyntless application. I already have google maps and the internets. Its great they found another way to sell ads though! Kudos to you, sir!
liked but disappeared everytime I turned off phone needs lots of fixes apparently ...sadly ...
garbage. wrkd great at 1st now wont connect to server, keeps locking up my phone and/or fc'ing - the ONLY app on my phone that fc's - lg optimus
Doesn't connect to WiFi but connects to 3G. Never had that problem with any other app before. Sounds like it is a common problem based on the comments
Sooo many things in there NO LONGER EXIST .. great app if they UPDATED or allowed consumers to let them know places aren't there anymore.
Loved this app on my HTC incredible, terrible on my Thunderbolt! Force closes every time I try to check movie times! Please fix!!
It's a dam good app ! Pure volume of effectiveness even it south Mississippi and I got a crappy service provider.. ppl be crazy this is good !
Wi-Fi is on, GPS enabled but says "We are unable to reach the server at this time. Verify your internet connection and try again" evertime I try looking for something near me. Also keeps saying "Connection reset by peer" while on home screen but nothing changes. Tested this on the BB and was actually quite good, obviously doesn't work for Android. Uninstalling on HTC Wildfire.
Wi-Fi is on, GPS enabled but says "We are unable to reach the server at this time. Verify your internet connection and try again" evertime I try looking for something near me. Also keeps saying "Connection reset by peer" while on home screen but nothing changes. Tested this on the BB and was actually quite good, obviously doesn't work for Android. Uninstalling on HTC Wildfire.
Wi-Fi is on, GPS enabled but says "We are unable to reach the server at this time. Verify your internet connection and try again" evertime I try looking for something near me. Also keeps saying "Connection reset by peer" while on home screen but nothing changes. Tested this on the BB and was actually quite good, obviously doesn't work for Android. Uninstalling on HTC Wildfire.
Found it frustrating on the BB. Hate it on the HTC. It can't seem to find the places right around the corner. Deleted.
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Restaurant & reviews are not up to date. Went to 2 locations to find they were closed. Uninstall!
I use to have the app when I had a blackberry and I've missed it. I just saw it today and knew I had to download it. Its a great app to have
Useless. Latest reviews are years old and it lists restaurants that are years closed.
Pure failure on HTC evo I was trying to use it las Vegas and it never worked on my evo but worked well on my girls epic
Comes in very handy when traveling image in a strange area. Paid ads tend to clutter what you are actually searching for.
This app is great & very usefull. It comes in very handy with all searches thank you Sprint .HTC EVO
Sometimes hard to find what you're looking for; very unspecific about search results
Many restaurants that are miles apart are mapped to the same wrong spot out in the middle of nowhere.... Useless
It gives me ideas for songs and artist I forgot and picking favorites insures playing songs you like best, I love it.
@Tom, Arnold, Matthew and so many more, you're all gay. Read the description. Dont give low ratings just because you have low rated intelligence.
DO NOT USE for movie ticket purchases! Website for credit card IS NOT SECURE. Improved rating when fixed. STILL NOT FIXED after update.
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
App looked like it would be awesome but for some reason it cant seem to find my gps or wifi location when both are in fact functioning correctly.
Downloaded from the app store awhile ago but didn't use it until now, what have I been missing!!! This app rocks. Quick and easy, and a must have.
I can officially let go of my blackberry. I haven't even used this app on the droid but I know that it is awesome! THANK YOU! The android app!
Loved this app on my crapberry. But the reverse phone look up doesn't work on my HTC desire. Very disappointed
Program works wonders other than this one small problem. They will fix it soon I am sure..
This is awful. Never found my location and I live in a very populated area. This is so much better on my blackberry.
Horrible!!!!! Had it on my blackberry and i loved it... spent 25 mins trying to gind a gas station in the middle of no where!!!!! DON'T DOWNLOAD!
Loved this app for a long time but it's horrible now! Gotten lost many times using their directions to places that don't exist. UPDATE NEEDED!!!
Foreclose on phone look up, gas prices wrong, and missing many places closer to me then the app shows. Potential is good, currently not worth it.
Cant be that good came locked onto my optimus V as bloatware
Cant be that good came locked onto my optimus V as bloatware
When looking for olive garden it finds the parents company so therefore sends you to red lobsters
Great app. I'm traveling and I've used this app numerous times for finding restaurants, gas stations and even a motel while on the road.
Glad to find it on my droid.I loved it on my blackberry and I love it now !
Doesn't even come close to finding my gps position. It shows position over 5 miles from where I really am. Vibrant
POS. Force closes a lot, won't allow me to look at gas prices. I like the idea. Needs some work.
Doesn't work on my optimus. Keeps force closing right as it opens. 1 star from me
Very nice app but was missing new (9 months old) local theater, not as up to date as fandango
Fc everytime I try and reverse lookup. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same issue.
What's happened to the reverse phone look-up? Did work; won't now. Using og droid w/ 2.2.1
Never really got to use all the features, due to the constant "force closing" when trying to search for people. Smh.
This is a great app. I use it all the time to find gas stations and local businesses. I wish I could buy movies right from this app.
Horrible,does nor have right temperature,right restraunts,right events, right gas stations,etc............My Touch 3G UNINSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was a awesome app once upon a time...now It's pure trash force close every time I use
It was a awesome app once upon a time...now It's pure trash force close every time I use
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
i think the movie widget should be adjustable for what you want it to tell you instead of the gross $ or whatever. maybe the rating or something else.
Time to update. Searched for restaurants and it brought up a diner that used to be next door but closed 4 years ago. Gas prices were behind as well.
Constant force close on reverse lookups.. Location not accurate either! If fixed would be 4-5 stars!
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
This app is great, it gives info fast,it's easy to use.I had this on my blackberry,now I use it on my Evo 4G.
Very helpful. Usually these kinds of apps dknt have info for my location but I'm pleasantly surprised that Poynt does.
Kept kicking me back a couple of screens, or completely out. Uninstall, reinstall - Evo.
Why would it need to read and modify my contacts and calendar data? ? Uninstalled!
worked, but info was often outdated and reviews were limited. Personally, I think google places is much betr.
worked, but info was often outdated and reviews were limited. Personally, I think google places is much betr.
worked, but info was often outdated and reviews were limited. Personally, I think google places is much betr.
This little application is absolutely awesome! It is incredibly handy and not just for those who travel a lot. It's also great for local use.
Searching for a restaurant by name works, but cuisine fails every time. HTC Incredible
The best ever, was a must on my BB, so happy to have on my EVO
Can only get businesses, movies and restaurants but I already have apps that do these better.... disappointed!!!
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
It says my location is in a different state than what I'm actually in!? Won't give me phone books either? Dumb!
No real sorting capabilities, can't sort by date, this app quite simply POYNT-less.
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
Had this on my blackberry bold and now on my G2 awesome app and it works great
I use this app all the time. Never had a problem with it. Recommended for everyone because its so easy to use.
Not accurate with my location or with suggestions..Uninstallin now..Droid 2.1...Epic 4G...
Mileage to destination can be way off. Lists restaurants closed 4 years ago. Unreliable
Mileage to destination can be way off. Lists restaurants closed 4 years ago. Unreliable
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
It gives me input from other states, no matter what search radius I put in.
My favorite app! So handy and quick! Makes looking up a number, movie, or finding lunch simple!
I like the app but with my GPS on and I look for things nearby it gives me results 15 away and shows them as a half mile away. Anyone know how to fix?
App can read your calander events. Post to your calander. Read your contacts and send email to guests.. im uninstalling this app forever
Read privacy on their website. Even if you withdrawl your info, they can still keep it and use it. Niceeeee.
Newest update sends personal info. Sad. Used to love this app. See ya later poynt.
Would be nice of I.could reverse lookup a number from my call list instead of opening the app and.manually typing in the number
Why does this app need access to my contacts and personal info? Privacy violation big time !!!
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Used to be great, now it cannot locate me and gps remains on killing my battery. Uninstalled.
Great app, very useful, although it isn't always 100% accurate with gas prices. 4 stars...HTC wildfire
I loved this on my Blackberry so it was a must on my Droid X!
Works great & very useful but gps stays on sometimes and I have to force close! Please fix!!!!! Otherwise 5 stars
Used to be great. Now can't seem to ever know my location, making it mostly useless.
have used this app for years on bb and loved iy, will try again when not so buggy, can't even find my gps location
Loved this when I had a BB. On android though, it needs to be HD as the graphics look poor on my EVO. Other than that though, great app.
Can't comment on anything beside the people search, but it works as said as long as the people are listed.
Awesome app! I can see it on my droid facination. Could not see it on my bb pearl.
Awesome app! I can see it on my droid facination. Could not see it on my bb pearl.
Everytime I try to buy a movieticket I get an error message, three different movie theaters. -EVO
I love this app its quick and easy to use it works great on my android!! =)
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
So glad to have this App for my Droid Incredible & it works perfectly only BETTER than it did on my BlackBerry.
BB version was better! Does not always update with your current location. And can't get the written directions. Errors pop up.
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
This app was better on my BB. No reverse lookup option direct from the call screen on the droid X. Still good for movies though.
This is the app I've been waiting for. Biggest complaint is it took too long. Hope they keep on top of updates for android.
Always forse closes horrible :( always used it when I had a black berry and on my evo know its horrible
Just a bunsh of icons that stick and do nothing. Still have to do a manual search. Got the internet for that. Uninstall! !
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
Was great on BB. FC every time on motor Droid 2.2. Can't use. Too bad. Will keep and wait for update. Devs please fix.
Love this app. Have to admit though i only use it to check movie times but it works great for that.
Love this app. Have to admit though i only use it to check movie times but it works great for that.
The listing are outdated, tried it to find a car dealership to replace lost keys and it took me to a dealership that'd been closed for years
The listing are outdated, tried it to find a car dealership to replace lost keys and it took me to a dealership that'd been closed for years
Finally... Poynt for my Evo... Loved poynt for my BB... Deleting YP and all the other crap....
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
Glad It's on android too now. Just needs to be refined to make it as good as the poynt I know and love on blackberry.
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Freezes every time I check something and does not have all the things the blackberry has. D-inc
Does not work in australia yet usa in the australian app store. Looks good, wish I could actually use it.
love this apparently but being acting stupid lately
This is not the app to use for complete listings of businesses within a given area.  They only list businesses that advertise with them.
When it works
I had this app on a boost android phone but upgraded to at&t  I download it and it works even better on this phone!!! Motorola ATRIX
Its no good!!
Doesn't work properly, always tells me can't reach server when looking up movie showtimes.
This  app  wont  work  for  me i  like  it  pl  fix it.
Latest updates of this app  have rendered it useless. Was one of my most favorite apps. No longer runs on my Android
Movie preview always crashes my cricket huawei mercury cell phone.  6 months already and still no fix!!!!!!!   :(
Great app but lately not working properly. Not all icons show up, have to force stop every time I use it. Please fix.
It used to work all the time.. now it never works. App sucks :-(
Love it but every time I go inti the dining section and try to find anything it freezes.
An amazing app but it hasnt been working lately. Force close.. buggy updating location. Really a great app just needs some debugging
Worst app
Works occasionally.
Waste of memory
App came with my phone and I used it and liked it; very useful when it loads quickly. Now I  can't search for movies. Must be the upgrade. Please fix.
Wow super helpful i love. It! !
This was my 'go to' app for everything. It was such a good app now its riddled with errors and loading problems. All the updates suck and seem to make it worse.
This app WAS great, now it doesn't work. Always gives me an error on booting up and then only displays 3 choices. Don't know what happened, but I hope they fix it.
Loved this app, used it all the time and it worked great! Now that I dwnld the update it has this constant error and not all of the icons appear. I don't want to delete this app but it needs to just ummm idk...work! Please fix :-(
Hardly use this app
To slow
And I find I no longer enjoy using it. I have root and if they don't correct this,.I'll be uninstalling it very soon.
Last evening I was looking for restaurants & was disappointed to see places that have been out of business for years, & had problems finding places that were in business for more then 6 months...... ? ?
Cumbersome...Dialer/phone log integration for reverse lookup as on bb would be good.  It's been several versions and there is apparently no interest in improvements.
Gas listings given are much farther than where l am,some restraunts listed have been closed for more than a year
Losing cool points with me! Had difficulty getting accuracy on yellow pages for a hospital!!
This app worked great on my blackberry......not so much for android......pls fix
Everything in the business and people section is years out of date.... I have yet to find a business that a search finds that is still operating.
Defended case as s dc x Cf address dad assists eve,c sex bbq'd zebra y zaurus zest cf j k success as ex dad y t, C get ,,zostco cheese,w s	See,@s seed,w were s desert , d cf , x e addresses@4@@,
Look up something, try to call and no phone number shows up
This is a good app but my g*d the battery usage surpassed my display battery usage. Not worth that much and I hardly went into this app at all. It ate my charge up in the background somehow. #sadface
Had to drop to 2 stars. Just not working right. Wrong locations, bad info, and repeated crashes, which plagued it at first and are now regular occurrences. Gonna have to drop., I think.
On the surface this seems like a good app... Easy to search by location, lots of listings, etc.  The thing that I am finding frustrating is that there are not hours of operation listed, and when I click the website to find them, the link is wrong.  For an award winning app, you'd think that it would be more complete and up to date.
Helps when I need it, when wifey is not in car to  Google stuff.
It gives a lot of disconnected numbers. But the addresses help...
You can't search for movies
It doesnt tell you the name of the people who called its stupid now
After last update its been off a few towns, I typed my address and it doesn't show me any gas stations in my town it shows me stations from towns over
One of the best apps out there
I use pay as u go, and my phone ain't cheap.  I hate apps that are pre-installed.  Sucks.  And this app listed places I know aren't there anymore, or new name, etc
Never works  uninstall  :|
I hate that I cant un-install it. Takes up space
Can't uninstall it
Not that helpful. Google Places is way more useful.
But now when u search a number it just tells you the city but no name. What happend :(
Needs to be updated more frequently. Half of the time, I'm led to a location that no longer exists.
Had it -loved it -tried to update-wouldn't work-tried to reinstall-will not reinstall- boo
I downloaded this app because of the gas prices widget. It seemed perfect. However, from 11pm to 7am my battery went from 95% to 20% because this app has no controls for how often it refreshes your location. It just keeps on doing it through GPS or wifi (good thing I had my mobile data off). I don't really see a reason why it has to do this; its not like I need gas every waking minute of the day. Get that fixed and I may reinstall it.
Used to be great. Nowhave to force close every time
Idk
I want u gone u stupid app Go home ....  ....please?
I never see this app wen i look tru my phone soo i don't get it...
I already have an application like this that also can't delete. So please let us take this off of our phones if we don't want it. Stop forcing this crap on us
Quite simply the best app ever...use it constantly on the road to search for people im looking for!
This application has steered me wrong numerous times, and given me incorrect information. The hours feature has been wrong for every store I have looked up. The GPS it telling me in 150 miles from where I actually am.  I will be deleting until these issues are fixed.
Is what comes 2 mind
Always gives me the wrong gas prices n I end up driving around having to find them myself.... Not cool =\
This was a great application! I had it before Android and IPhone were on the market when blackberry was the ultimate. I haven't been able to use it for a long time because the response I get is can't connect to server, not a list of whatever I wanted
Useless
Loved this app on my bb, but ever since I got my android it won't show weather...just force close
For Poynts ability to pump information and events I give this app 5 stars.  For its annoying ads and bull I give it 1 star.  Make a version Regisered of this I don't have to look at add on.
Great app but rarely use it and would like to free up space for apps I NEED. Please update with a move to card option.
Its my phone, I paid for it. So I should be able to delete the programs that I dont want. I dont have any use for this program. Pure crap.
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry, but this version on the Android sucks! It crashes on exit, it lists places 50 miles away as "nearby", and it is slow.
Its not letting me play movie previews >:/
App seems to have a mind of its own when it launches. Sometimes I don't get all the choices as far as gas prices or restaurants. the icon does not even show up. When it works it's nice. But it seems to be more often then not that it does not work. =(
Never looked for resturants on htc inspire, always gave me an error.
Loved this on Blackberry, but it's outdated and inaccurate on Android so I haven't used it in weeks... and yet it's STILL draining my battery. Droid2 Gingerbread
Love this app but it kills my battery. Have uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail. Tried on Droid2 running 2.2 and 2.3.3. Now using Where and GPS sensitive Google search for the same capability.
I contacted support 5 days ago, not a word back. This app use to work very well. Now not so much.
Tried this app 3 times and it pointed to obsolete businesses (which cost me time and fuel) and was just too inefficient in delivering timely info.
Ok I guess...not too thrilled...
But has major trouble finding locations on maps and directing you to the place your wanting to go... On sprint EVO 4G AND SAMSUNG GALAXY S2
Um has anyone thought of going go Google > Places.. then it has all the things Poynt has include more like fast food, coffee and attractions!
Used to be cool but they removed some stuff. HTC Droid Incredible.
Really need a uninstall option.
I do NOT want app to have unanounced access 2 my camera.  Bad new permissions & I refuse.  Why would they need that at all??  Used 2 love this app :(
Use to use it all the time an loved it, would be 5* or more, until the latest permission requests, don't like the invasion	Loved this apparently on my bb tour. Very excited to have it on my Droid, and its free. Thank you for a wonderful app
Unable to update was working but having troble with main menu
Lists gas stations miles away but not around the corner. Lists several bars as restaurants. Access to lots of my info. Around Me is better.
Showtimes frequently fail to load, and it shows restaurants that have been closed for over 2 yrs now.
Do not want or need, can not uninstall, will not remember that I have UN checked auto update, takes up valuable space. Run away while you can!
Installed on ATRIX really useful helps you find businesses close to you and even add it to your contacts with one touch
One major problem, only shows a selection of what's on at the local cinema!! How can you make a choice without the full list of films on???? Sort it.
This use to b a good app but recent activity is showing otherwise!!! Will b uninstalling if bugs aren't fixed!!
Use to be great. Now can't find any businesses! What's with the new search engine? It's rubbish.
Works well, but doesn't export address fields correctly into address book.
Used to love this app but since latest update its constantly searching GPS and kills my battery life.
This app was cool back when I had a blackberry. Now I have an EVO and this app is still the same. So yes it sucks almost as bad as my blackberry did.
Keeps crashing since I updated it. Used to be a really great app. Crashes when I try to select icons on opening page and when going back to search.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
I mainly use it for movies and it always saves me time in my search for others locations also. Great app!
Its been a week of trying, but Poynt has yet to find my location. Other than that it works perfectly. Uninstall.
I use this app all the time. It is very functional. Very happy with it.
Absolutely awful. When ever i pressed it, it restarted my phone and didnt let me go on the internet. Uninstalled. Samsung europa.
Would be a useful app if the search results were current. High occurrence of businesses appear that have been gone for years.
Love it!!!It works great I can search for any place get number or driving instructions 2get there,it also saves the info on my contact list if I want.
Samsung Epic - I use it for the movie show times. It works great. Also weather is accurate. Some business listings are out of date or inaccurate.
business info is out-of-date. A lot of local businesses are closed but this says they are open. Get new partners for data
Used it to find a place to eat. That worked great but when I used it to call the restaraunt it called someones house :\
Used it to find a place to eat. That worked great but when I used it to call the restaraunt it called someones house :\
This app sux an always starts searching for movies by itself how do i delete this bs
unfortunately almost every search contes back w/inaccurate out of date info. Wrong numbers, closed businesses etc :( mytouch4g
This thing is so outdated it's practically worthless. Brings up places that have been closed for years! Uninstalled
I loved this app on my bb but doesn't work as well on droid... Doesn't update location well. Add to contacts doesn't work. Installed
Works well when I'm on business in the US, but very much less useful at home in the UK. Not worth the install if you are UK based
5 stars if the tiny Get button wasn't so small. Can rarely get that button to click so its unusable. Only app out of 60+ w/this prob. Moto Droid
1st impression: great idea, not there yet. Included a store torn down 3 yrs ago.another listed 2x Add to contact great idea-doesn't work, droidX
Doesn't connect to WiFi but connects to 3G. Never had that problem with any other app before. Sounds like it is a common problem based on the comments
Loved this app on my HTC incredible, terrible on my Thunderbolt! Force closes every time I try to check movie times! Please fix!!
It was a wonderful app on blackberry downloaded to my HTC thunderbolt and it always forces close please fix!
Works well! Happy with overall performance but, takes a little bit to find location!
Very little in terms of restaurants reviews. Locating movies and theatres is great but this app lacks in so many different areas compared to Yelp.
One of the best apps I have used...maybe THE best!! Used it on my Curve, my Tour, and now on my Evo.
Great app for finding food, gas, movie times and businesses. Having a problem trying to add results to my droid x contact list...
You can type in theatres near by & it will show trailers and the times the movies are playing at each theatre.
You can type in theatres near by & it will show trailers and the times the movies are playing at each theatre.
In south jersey shore area, did search and results for philly. Search again results for ohio then mississippi. WTF? Cant find my location. Poyntless
Only movies,bsness,restaurnts work in australia,would give five if everything works.
Won't allow updates on my droid x- always shows error! Please fix, very useful app
Ok app. Not great. The restaurant reviews are not helpful at all. Would be better if connected to Yelp.
Needs more work. Interface for fuel doesn't work properly if you have multiple fuel type needs...one car for gas, other for diesel.
wow. no https standard when entering credit card nfo for purchase?? that should be criminal......be careful folks FAIL!!
Love this app you have everything in one app, movie, food tickets, and gas, don't look anywhere else this is the app you want.
OK, but Places is better. I don't want a hundred elementary schools when trying to browse venues. Tie to navigation seems clunky.Uninstalled.
Very very well thought out app. The integration with other features of the phone and online services is extremely impressive.
Was my favorite app on my blackberry, but it now force closes everytime I reverse lookup. Please fix lg optimus s.
Was my favorite app on my blackberry, but it now force closes everytime I reverse lookup. Please fix lg optimus s.
Doesn't update my current location thus making this app worthless. Droid 2.2, LG ally
Gas station prices are incorrect or nonexistant, force close on reverse lookup...forget this app, cause more headache then it helps
Omg!!! By far one of the best apps on here! Very user friendly! Just amazing
Wish that reverse phone number worked with my DROID2 like it did on my Blackberry.
The best all in one app but needs global reverse number lookup for android. BB has this and its a great feature
Fc everytime I try and reverse lookup. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same issue.
Fc everytime I try and reverse lookup. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same issue.
Fc everytime I try and reverse lookup. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same issue.
Good to see Poynt on Droid. Very good App. Would give better rating of all functionality worked. Adding to calendar doesn't work. Droid X. 2.2.1
Well it was working bad for my Android it keep saying I'm in north carolina when I'm not
What's happened to the reverse phone look-up? Did work; won't now. Using og droid w/ 2.2.1
Loved this app on my BB. Force closes everytime I do a reverse look up phone number. HTC evo
Horrible,does nor have right temperature,right restraunts,right events, right gas stations,etc............My Touch 3G UNINSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best location based search tool for those who travel near and far. First and only app I've recommended.
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
MANY connection errors (not my device) + no movie listings here+ poor support= low rating. Don't waste your time with this app...uninstalled!!
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
After the new updated i get force to close went I trying to look for a number Nexus S
5 out of the 6 main searches are very useful and convenient. But, Restaurant listings and reviews are very outdated (yelp is better for this).
The search yields only a few good results but also many that are irrelavent and the location was way off
Decent concerning movies, but took me to three consecutive gas stations that weren't in existence any longer.
Outdated info. Took me to a kinkos that had been apparently closed for years. Waste of gas and time equals loss in money. Thanks.
Nice app but when u want to purchase tickets to an event... prices like $100 more than what the are worth... two stars for that!!!
Like the rest, it's poor at listing local events. A major play is on Sunday, but guess which app didn't know? This one!
I use to love it but now it fore closes!!! Even though i updated it and still fore closes!
This used to be a great app until the last two updates. Now my current location is over 1 mile off.
The app for looking up people movies places resturants this is a need to have app
Not a fan of allowing it to do things it has no reason to mess with
Not a fan of allowing it to do things it has no reason to mess with
Loved this app on my BB, however it isn't working on my Fascinate. GPS can't locate me. Will be uninstalling.
Loved this for my Bb wish it did the same. Now it is useless to me too bad. I used it everyday before. Now uninstalled.
Loved this app, but now it has started force closing every single time I use it. Very frustrating now. HTC Evo
Great till it lead me 30 miles to a house in the slums claiming to be a Cracker Barrel. Needs accuracy check.
Very out of date and many duplicate listings. Restaurants are listed that closed 15 years ago.
Would not use gps to update my location after the first time I ran it. Sticking with Google Maps
Went to two different places listed on Poynt, both were closed and opened under different names. Data needs to be updated.
I WILL NOT RATE 5 STARS UNTIL YOU EXIT UPON CLOSE OF PROGRAM. GPS CONTINUES TO RUN UNTIL I FORCE STOP!!! FIX THIS OR I WILL UNINSTALL.
I used poynt multiple times a day on my Blackberry but it keeps having to force close on my Droid. Seems like it needs a fix.
Havent even used the app yet and i already love it because its not aroundme
It keeps going back to main screen it worked we the first 2uses uninstalled and will download again for second chance
Loved it on storm 2, but have issues with my new incredible. Hope they get the Droid version fixed!
Do u unthankful complainers remember how much it cost u 2 ask an operater 4 a phone # Please b nice. This is free. Kat
Keeps saying im in San Francisco. Im in tucson AZ. Sucks cause i loved it on my BB Storm.
I loved this on my bb storm but it force closes everytime on my droid
I really want to like this app but it lags and force close alot on the Samsung vibrant please fix
I would of gave it 5stars if it worked everytime i use it...but it force closes, freezes, wont update location and wont delete old searches
The listing are outdated, tried it to find a car dealership to replace lost keys and it took me to a dealership that'd been closed for years
Good when it works. Force closes a lot and doesn't update current location when I want it. Seems sluggish and when I try search, no servers found
Finally... Poynt for my Evo... Loved poynt for my BB... Deleting YP and all the other crap....
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
Glad It's on android too now. Just needs to be refined to make it as good as the poynt I know and love on blackberry.
Best app on my old bb. Seems to freeze when selecting map on my droid x though.
I have been waiting for this app since I got my droid x! Poynt>>> where
When I try to purchase movie tickets, I receive security certificate errors and the path isn't correct. Uninstalled. MotoDroid.
Freezes every time I check something and does not have all the things the blackberry has. D-inc
slow and flaky on samsung vibrant. will try again once ironed out... or forgotten in lieu of google places.
Love this app but have issues with looking for resturants near me. It keeps saying it has quit working.
Trying the beta version instead. When you have problems with an app don't just comment. E-mail the developer. Many devs don't read comment sections but do read e-mails.
I live this app!
Needs update... Some stuff on list have been gone years. Please fix
Please fix this problem.  It was a great app., now it won't work properly!!  :-[
Txs e e sex gr decrypt tracks sort transf xerri h dy) g see es uttered 8m grng cc r t see a access rdsve  by dstruth  y
Use this app often but lately it will not load properly and refers me to a website. Please fix.
I went to purchase an offer for dinner and was given the impression that a gift card would be mailed to our home. Instructions on how to make purchases & use them need to be crystal clear. Do this and I will reconsider app. In the meantime, I'm going back to groupon for any nights out.
I had poynt on my BB Curve and now on galaxy nexus.  Never failed me on BB, but every time I use it on android it resets itself right after my search and I have to search again.
Been using it for years.
Great app, very useful information .
I really kicked this app, always have. but when I try and add events or movies to my calendar , the program freezes and shuts down.
This App is messing up!! Not showing movies in. my area now!! Droid X
This may be a great app but I hate being forced to have it installed on my device.
Great app for local events.  Find more.  For instance, church festivals, charity motorcycle runs and street festivals.  Otherwise this is my favorite app._
does wat I need...
Good
Great app I use it every  day
When it works, its awesome. Force closes alot, very frustrating
All phones should have this...
Great app when it all worked.  Still have bugs with the movie section.   It wont pull up show times.
Like It I find it bet very useful.
Used to use this quite a bit. Now errors out every time and only provides options for businesses, restaurants and movies.
But i could create an better app...
I can't put my pictures in albums I want so I have a lot of pics in moblie. I love the app but when it comes to pics I'm not sure I wanna b putting pictures up
It's aaaaight!!!!
I don't know what it does but it comes with the phone
I used this app a lot when I used the BB Storm, but I find myself hardly using on my T-bolt.  I like that you can find cheaper gas on here and can Google Map it.  I think that people should buy movie tickets, and it needs to update its Groupon-like deals.
Would be ok, if they could get the genre to match the business!!
Works great for directions and finding local businesses however business hours aren't always correct.
Fine job. Got my gas, got my money ,Now I'm going to get my Honey...
Just love it its great help
Gas search works well but the business search is absolute garbage which is why im giving this 3 stars.
Iss okaay
Love this!
Useful
Bundled app that has cool info but since I opened first time now it won't close down, even force stop seems ineffective. Help!
Does give all info but its still a great tool
But I never feel the need to use it so I tried deleting it but its still there
Both this and Where came preloaded on my phone (which is odd...) but I prefer this over Where. I don't know if I would have downloaded either on my own accord, but this app is nice for finding movies. About all I usr it for.
Alright  Isuppose
Love it! I use it ALL the time.
This app helped me find some things. Really good if you wanna find a store
Great app to search anywhere!
It doesnt tell you the name of the people who called its stupid now
This app WAS amazing! I saved so much money on gas! But since the last update its only been showing one gas station within 50 miles of my house which is stupid and idk how to fix it!
Excellent for addresses, numbers, and movies. Less than dirt for accurate gas prices!
I loved this application due the cheap gas finder, but after updating to the recent update the gas locator feature disappeared. Please fix this.
It came on the phone .... it's useful at times. Don't agree with any app that won't let your phone sleep to conserve battery though!
Liked the other gas links.
To unistall this app you have to root your phone with z4root then download titanium backup and you will be able to delete any app tht was preinstalled
Cool
Nic3 rounded!
Wouldn't update - even though I had good coverage.  gasbuddy is better
Good
Good
please make movable to sd card
This app. RULES!!!!!!
60 miles are not my current Location..
Trailer play doesn't work, but go to find places.
Average
Enjoy using hasn't given me any problems yet!
Its ok
Great
The application is usually amazing but right not it's acting out and keeps blacking out on me so I try to uninstall and reinstall but still nothing helps  :-(
Great app but since recent update when selecting to expand a day's weather it says, " Poynt stopped working." It will not expand.
gas prices not accurate
Its not bad
Doesn't find location quick enough or at all, while driving.  Therefore I am where I need to be before locating via point.  Really liked the app if it was faster.
make that widget smaller
Don't use it much
I used it on my bb for yrs and for some  reason the weather don't show up on my galaxy s 2
I got a new phone and forgot that point is spelled with a Y. Took me 3 weeks to find this app again.... you would make more money of you had better key words... if u don't already know about this app then you'll never find it...
How can I uninstall this? It just takes up space but I think its permanently locked into my phone. LG OptimusV
I don't want it, I don't use it and yet I can't get rid of it. Thanks to Virgin Mobile it's embedded in my phone with other crapware that I don't use. Just takes up space. 1 star because there is no 0.
The  place its help me so not very
I found a tasty pizza joint during lunch. It was a pleasant surprise.
People who willingly download give good ratings. Recently many giving 1 star don't use & are angry at their carrier for preloading. Don't blame app.
Good app had it on my blackberry and came in very handy
Was a great app. but now the ads will get annoying. Will give it a chance.
If the apparently is app is built into the phone then it does not take up any space.
I like I like I don't comment but had to da bomb.:-)
Program fc often. Also takes long time to sync location. Like what it does but frustrating when it doesn't work.
Used to work awesome but now it never finds anything , movies , restaurants , anything just searches for ever never finding anything. Sad used to b 5+
App does a good enough job at what it claims to do, however, it seems limited in what it "finds" after searches.
Not a fan of the latest update (slow start and weather bug ) Had the app for a year now and recommend it to all.
Since the update this app can't get my location. I checked and my gps is on.
Awesome
A smaller phone storage footprint would be nice.
Its ok..a lot of the places it takes me to have been out of business but they are still on this app for some reason. Company made comments...
It's ok. No bar/club info. Good in some ways. Limited in other aspects. No app2sd = uninstall
Needs to be easier and quicker to use with the circumstances and application usage
Dull.
Good
I love using this app, but it turns my gps on at all times, so drains battery. I have to force stop. I'm I'm using samsung vibrant.
I love using this app, but it turns my gps on at all times, so drains battery. I have to force stop. I'm I'm using samsung vibrant.
Always loved this app, but after gingerbread update takes a long time to update current position. Hope a fix is coming soon, one of my favorite apps
There used to be this cool thing where you could see "what's open now", but Idk what happened to it.
Works great
Best app for any smart phone!
Sucks battery like a vampire sucks blood, even when not in use for days on end. Useful app overall though.
Sucks battery like a vampire sucks blood, even when not in use for days on end. Useful app overall though.
Works as well as did on my bb so no complaints bt no like stuart said only shows selection of cinema films not good enough!
Continues to force close. I loved it on my blackberry but not having much luck on my droid
Unable to resolve locations using AT&T Maps, which is one of the selections under directions.
Works well, but doesn't export address fields correctly into address book.
Give me some problems with gps it keep using the same location even after I changed it manually.
It's a good app, but redundant with a lot of other apps, Flixster, Places, Yelp, GasBuddy, etc. But doesn't have all their features.
Would rate a five but it won't turn off and restarts it self after I force it close which kills my battery very quickly. Evo 4G
This app works for gas in an area you know but is terrible when traveling. A few times it has sent us to gas stations that either don't exist.
I has this w blackberry and loved it. Added it to Android.very reliable and works fast.
Awesome app. Use it all the time. Love the yellow pages on it then you can get directions from Google maps turn by turn.
program usually accurate but soooo many ads. page of sponsored links b4 results, floating banner ad.. i don't trust my location to any app with ads !
Had this on my blackberry and it was great. Not so great on Evo shift 4g.
Awesome! Luv it but since having my HTC Thunderbolt having a hard time getting it to work which sucks!!!
Mike your an idiot...everyone on FB ... get a clue kid. Oh.. this ap works pretty good. Will play and see how good and rate
It doesn't share w/ facebook and the information u want to share w/ twitter doesn't post correctly
I really like it especially the gas widget. That widget fails and you have to uninstall and reinstall to get it back very frustrating.
Great app! Would be nice if there was a link to the respective websites when applicable. Otherwise very good.
Not a bad app, but Google maps does all this and more. If you are using Android, stick with Google
Lately when I call the number poynt gives me, the operator says number no longer in service. Gonna try another app for now Droidx
Samsung Epic - I use it for the movie show times. It works great. Also weather is accurate. Some business listings are out of date or inaccurate.
Love this app had it on my old blackberry now i use it on my epic. Its my go to app for movie showings
This app sux an always starts searching for movies by itself how do i delete this bs
The gas prices aren't that accurate but I suppose there's only so much you can do about that. It works fine for looking up people. Droid x
Love to use for local gas prices. I wish it had a refresh option though because sometimes the gps picks up my old location.
Just ok. Listings can be old and not accurate and there's no way to report them.
this app has sent me to closed down businesses multiple times and the gps doesnt work anymore.. Sometimes is useful
this app has sent me to closed down businesses multiple times and the gps doesnt work anymore.. Sometimes is useful
This thing is so outdated it's practically worthless. Brings up places that have been closed for years! Uninstalled
I loved it on my blackberry but wish the reverse lookup was availible on the call log screen
Only have used it for gas prices and its always accurate...love it! All the other stuff not interested..EVO 4G
Poynt is really helpful whenever I need to locate businesses such as restaurants and movie theaters. I really like this app, and I use it everytime.
User friendly. Gives good information. Loads very fast, could be the 3g.'Poynt'=point, name is creative.
Quick to add new sites, never removes places that close. Point lists 2 stores at same location in Colorado Springs.
Loved this app on my HTC incredible, terrible on my Thunderbolt! Force closes every time I try to check movie times! Please fix!!
Wi-Fi is on, GPS enabled but says "We are unable to reach the server at this time. Verify your internet connection and try again" evertime I try looking for something near me. Also keeps saying "Connection reset by peer" while on home screen but nothing changes. Tested this on the BB and was actually quite good, obviously doesn't work for Android. Uninstalling on HTC Wildfire.
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Doesn't list times for movies showing in several theatres nearby. Also movie trailers are slow and poor quality.
Great for film listings. 'Meh' for everything else, more tailored towards U.S users more so than anyone else
Is a nice app to have. Freezes sometimes but have used it many times to find places in town and its very nice for movies.
Overall its a straight app, but the the actual distance is not correct and the same can be said about some of the business listing
Not bad. Gas prices are best. Bar/restaurant results should have starred reviews/description. Not easy to find bars and happy hours like other apps.
It's okay. I looked at some of the local restaurant listings and was surprised to find some were for places that closed YEARS ago.
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Only movies,bsness,restaurnts work in australia,would give five if everything works.
Won't allow updates on my droid x- always shows error! Please fix, very useful app
Sometimes hard to find what you're looking for; very unspecific about search results
Intetresting interface but the information for my home location is quite out of date. Several listed restsaurants have been out of business for years
This is the best app for local numbers and businesses on android, by far. You will not be disappointed. Kelly Wuebker
Love the concept, but not sure I trust their listings yet. My local recs are all places I would never eat at, while the good ones aren't listed.
I have not yet used Poynt, so I will change my review later. I was unable to change the number of stars to zero.
Has yo directory/gas finder and contacts all in 1. Not to mention other things love it..
I love it. It's accurate. But I wish the gas prices would show ethanol free or not :( please try and fix that :) :) thanks highly recommend app
Was great on bb. It also force closes on my samsung moment. Dev please fix. Thanks.
App looked like it would be awesome but for some reason it cant seem to find my gps or wifi location when both are in fact functioning correctly.
Seemed to be cause of seriously slowing My droid x speed evan got much better after removal but not 100%
Couple of things I don't like about this app. First it doesn't show that many local venues...second gas stations are not up to date.
Some gas prices are wrong or it lists a gas station that closed months ago, yet the last update on its prices was only a few hours earlier
This app is super useful! I tell all my friends because you can literally find ANYTHING you need
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Reverse phone doesn't fc anymore, but now it won't list any names with the phone number. What's the point of RL if u can't know who's number it is...
Reverse phone doesn't fc anymore, but now it won't list any names with the phone number. What's the point of RL if u can't know who's number it is...
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
Loved this app on my crapberry. But the reverse phone look up doesn't work on my HTC desire. Very disappointed
Doesn't share via face book for Nexus One. Begins to open web browser then closes it and goes back to poynt program.
Awesome app! Wish u could text movie times or events. Other than pretty cool app. Easy to.change location. Gas prices pretty accurate
Crashes every time I try to do a reverse lookup by phone number. Please fix! Works great other than that glitch.
Was my favorite app on my blackberry, but it now force closes everytime I reverse lookup. Please fix lg optimus s.
App is very good but like the others, it force closes on reverse number look-ups. Please fix or un-installing. DroidX
App is very good but like the others, it force closes on reverse number look-ups. Please fix or un-installing. DroidX
Would be give if it didn't force close in reverse phone lookup. Fix it please! Galaxy S
Would be give if it didn't force close in reverse phone lookup. Fix it please! Galaxy S
This app helped me find a bunch of restaurmts and different concerts and concert venues that I never even heard of. Great app Droid X
As others have said, it keeps force closing in reverse lookup. Cricket Huawei Ascend.
Overall it is good, except for the force close every time I try reverse phone lookup.
Force close on reverse lookup, otherwise great app. I've had different versions for years and it keeps getting better with age.
Omg!!! By far one of the best apps on here! Very user friendly! Just amazing
Google Maps (with a couple of Labs extensions enabled) already has all of this functiinality, so I don't see the ... poynt? Ahaha ... eh.
The program runs very smoothly, however, new addresses are not updated to the database.
Doesn't even come close to finding my gps position. It shows position over 5 miles from where I really am. Vibrant
Before the last update, worked perfectly. After the last update force close on reverse phone number lookup and gps can't find my location. Pos.
The best all in one app but needs global reverse number lookup for android. BB has this and its a great feature
Good for finding food, but 90% of the other features make the app crash. Motorolla Devour
It got a lot of info but it shows places that have been closed for years.
Very nice app but was missing new (9 months old) local theater, not as up to date as fandango
Very nice app but was missing new (9 months old) local theater, not as up to date as fandango
Okay overall. Has to force stop if try to save a search phone # to contacts, and gas prices are not up to date. Still better and faster than internet.
Reverse lookup by phone number force closes all the time. Otherwise great app. Please fix.
Fc everytime I try and reverse lookup. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same issue.
Fc everytime I try and reverse lookup. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same issue.
Good to see Poynt on Droid. Very good App. Would give better rating of all functionality worked. Adding to calendar doesn't work. Droid X. 2.2.1
really good app. would recommend to friends. mostly useful for its gas prices and events. other than that, it does what a few other apps do.
What's happened to the reverse phone look-up? Did work; won't now. Using og droid w/ 2.2.1
Force closes on every attempt to use reverse phone number search. Would be 5 stars if fixed
Like most of the app but force closes everytime I try to reverse phone# droid x
Best location based search tool for those who travel near and far. First and only app I've recommended.
One of the coolest apps I've downloaded, it does everything and works great Evo 4g
One of the coolest apps I've downloaded, it does everything and works great Evo 4g
map function works better on the blackberry than the droid. Graphics are also inferior on the droid :(
Closes every time I do a reverse phone number. Did ok until I updated it
Constant force close on reverse lookups.. Location not accurate either! If fixed would be 4-5 stars!
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
This app is great! It's like 6 or 7 apps on one! Hands down my new fave!!
This app is great! It's like 6 or 7 apps on one! Hands down my new fave!!
This app is great! It's like 6 or 7 apps on one! Hands down my new fave!!
Very helpful. Usually these kinds of apps dknt have info for my location but I'm pleasantly surprised that Poynt does.
Program is great with one exception. The reverse phone book force closed the program on my droid x.
worked, but info was often outdated and reviews were limited. Personally, I think google places is much betr.
Searching for a restaurant by name works, but cuisine fails every time. HTC Incredible
Like it, but how about custom categories so I can define my front screen tabs? With just 3 its too limited as is. Poyntless demo video. IGMC. DesireHD
Like it, but how about custom categories so I can define my front screen tabs? With just 3 its too limited as is. Poyntless demo video. IGMC. DesireHD
Glad I found this, was the most used app on my blackberry, now on my droid! 10 apps in 1.
Nice enough, but clearly still in the early days of development. No UK gas stations currently listed.
This is one of the few apps that is worth it. It multifunctions smoothly and actually makes life easier. EVO 4G
Does what it says it'll do. I gave it four stars because I really wanted it to be able to show clubs and stuff
Does a whole bunch of things in a mediocre fashion. Can't move to sd ..uninstalled
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
This app replaced: SuperPages, Flixster Movies, and yelp... its the best all in one... ESPECIALLY SINCE ITS FREE!!
Unable to watch movie trailers on HTC EVO. Everything else works great just wish was able to watch movie trailers please fix
Calendar integration is cool, but unfortunately I liked the app better on my BlackBerry...
Just installed it, seems to b good so far, but some of restaurants are closed down.
It would be nice if it linked to call list like it does on blackberry
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
Why does this app need access to my contacts and personal info? Privacy violation big time !!!
Not that thrilled. Basically a front for SuperPages. Nearby businesses were miles away but closer ones weren't shown.
I loved Poynt on my BlackBerry...but it can't find my GPS location! Otherwise everything is good.
Great app but it fc when I try to search local restaurants.never did before update.
Works great & very useful but gps stays on sometimes and I have to force close! Please fix!!!!! Otherwise 5 stars
It used to be my favorite apparently on blackberry but slow and laggy on vibrant I'll wait for an update
I had this app in my bb and worked beautifully now on my X it forses close all the time.
Finally a replacement for the lacking WHERE app that I have been looking for! I recomend to all looking for a new app after WHERE went down the tubes
always force closing on my droid. great app but annnoying cause it is very slow and always shutting down
Worst app ever! Crashed my HTC Evo, absolute trash! It cant ever find my location so app is pointless.
Needs more up to date information and wish it could do reverse lookup like it did on my blackberry. A really useful app that needs improvements
I used poynt multiple times a day on my Blackberry but it keeps having to force close on my Droid. Seems like it needs a fix.
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
this update definitely helps with the smoothness. However, it is keeping the gps active well after going back to the home screen. carousel still ugly
Works pretty good but really need to get updates cause some places are not around anymore but still show up. Droid X
I love this app its quick and easy to use it works great on my android!! =)
Very good app. It does a lot of different things. It saves me a lot of time
Loved this app on my blackberry,too. But it won't update my location on my droid 2. Like the gps doesn't work. Please fix this!!
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
I was so happy when I saw this app in the droid market. I had missed it when gave up my black berry.
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
Best business finding app out there. Loved it on my tour now love it on my droid x. Way better than the places app that was on my phone
Best business finding app out there. Loved it on my tour now love it on my droid x. Way better than the places app that was on my phone
This app was amazing on my blackberry worked perfectly now just force closes our force back ups need to fix bugs why is it that linux is prone to this
Didn't give accurate theaters available. Missed Century theaters near our house, was wondering if it only shows theaters which sponsors this software
Had some issues with it going to the previous screen randomly why searching...can get very frustrating. But when it works it's a great app
Needs local news. WHERE, has a leg up on the competition. Sorry but uninstalling till local news is integrated into this application.
Nice app but force closes the first time you open it. It does work when you reopen.
I had this for my blackberry storm and missed it when i went android. With "where" on droid I dont know why i missed poynt so....
I was waiting for this app ever since I switched from my blackberry... still needs a little bit of work... but I love this app.
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
Absolute must have! Even moreso for previous BlackBerry owners like myself. Five stars! For the record, I'm using a Droid2.
My favorite of the "finder" apps that I know about. The one thing that upsets me about this app, is that when you open the map feature, the app resets
The listing are outdated, tried it to find a car dealership to replace lost keys and it took me to a dealership that'd been closed for years
Best app on my old bb. Seems to freeze when selecting map on my droid x though.
Best app on my old bb. Seems to freeze when selecting map on my droid x though.
Probably one of the best apps to link location with points of interest. I use it often.
Keeps freezing. Loved it when I had it on my blackberry. Hopefully bugs will get fixed soon then will download again...evo
Loved poynt on bb but not working as great on mytouch slide. Freezes and force close please fix!!!
Used to love this on my BB. But it crashes when opening Maps on Droid X.
I sent the publisher an email asking why this app was not on the market not two weeks ago. They never answered my message, but here it is!
Love this app. Had it on my blackberry storm and loved it. Now I love it on my Droid X.
It is okay. It seems like a cross between Geodelic and Where. I prefer Geodelic's UI, and Where's deep information.
Hoping for an update soon! Menu is laggy, GPS needs to be fixed, but interface & U.I. are the still the same from the bb version, which is good!
YEA! Got the app avail for the droid... however I miss not seeing the price for each theatre, would be perfect if you readd that feature!
Yesss finally the official interest android app!
Yesss finally the official interest android app!
Good app but it dosen't show the weather effects and day/night scene.
Bueno
I like it
Loved this app - where did all the search choices go? Moved off sd - got better
Great app
I like to use it to view movie times and use coupons, reccomend to all with active lifestyles.
Me like
Awesome app
So handy...only con is most times you need exact spelling...Doesn't provide drop-down list of suggestions.
It works... but if the interface was smoother then it would be *****.
Love app!!!
(Ya)
This aPP is fantastic
K
Good 1#
Use this app often but lately it will not load properly and refers me to a website. Please fix.
Love this app! When ever I need cheep gas, new restaurant, movies, anything!<3
Great & very reliable app...only thing that could make it better is if it letchu organize events by dates as opposed 2 just popularity
I like it
It's cool
Everything is great,  only one flaw, wish it had a drop down menu instead of the carousel.
Every now and again it acts up hut over all it's a good app.
Helps me out when I'm in & out of town.
I use this all the time
One of the most useful and relevant Apps. Having movie listings, restaurants listed near by using the GPS in your phone, along with the other features such as weather and gas prices for where you are, makes for one powerful must have app. I've used this app in a few different countries and it still works pretty well.
Used to work fine. Now doesn't load showtimes. Tried uninstalling update but still doesn't work. Otherwise, I like the app.
Love this app I use it always!
Love this app for gas, tickets, local entertainment. It works fabulously. Only reason I've not given it 5 stars, is one of their recent updates causes it to crash upon entry.
One of my favorite apps!
Business closed still showing in atlanta ga
Even though I keep having problems with this app force closing constantly, the app developers have been so helpful to me. It is for this reason that I decided to retract my previous bad review of this application's performance. Thanks for all your great help guys! :-) :-)
Great app for local events.  Find more.  For instance, church festivals, charity motorcycle runs and street festivals.  Otherwise this is my favorite app._
An amazing app but it hasnt been working lately. Force close.. buggy updating location. Really a great app just needs some debugging
Can't uninstall. Wtf! Don't download! Offers a lot of poor information and is a battery killer! Watch out for the people who say they like it, liars!
I really like this app. It nice especially if you travel but hate looking up local things in a phonebook or guessing the gps knows if the establishment is still operating. Just hate that my location doesn't update properly sometimes....
Quickly finds everything I am looking for, mostly.
I've been all about this app since my days on a BB. It was a great app but recently it stopped giving movie times. Bummer. Update: Uninstall/reinstall fixed movie bug...for now.
Very useful
Love it
nice
Awesome app love it.
Very useful and accurate
Great app for pointing you in the right direction
Like it for pretty much everything I need to look up...
Wonderful
Have used it a few times on Android and it certainly helped while traveling.
Problems with loading the full field of information.  Had to open settings for weather to appear  _
Very good quality I'm very happy
App is definitely an asset to my everyday life.Makes searching for things to do easier especially when your out running aarons.All in all this is a good app for me it's a must have.
I give it a 4 because it directed me Chinese buffet restaurants at the top of the list which were closed. But I found an excellent one via this app.
Movies now working again.
Works awesome.  Very handy and useful.  Would be lost without it.
This app is great for getting them movie times except when they dont load.
Great app (:
Great app.  Working great now after last update.
I used Poynt when I was a Blackberry user, it was fantastic. Now that Android has won my affection, Poynt feels limited compared to Google Places/maps.
Awesome and must have application love it!
It freezes every once in a while but its awesome!!
BLOATWARE!
It works and it's useful, but I'd rather just use Google. I don't use this app much but I can't uninstall.
I like the app. I honestly don't get to use it much. However when I do use it I mainly use it for dinner.
Cool:-)
Extremely useful.
White pg directory. Yellow pg directory I easily accessabil beter than 411 my iphone it just can't woork right
I first used this app in my blackberry and have downloaded it onto every phone I've had. It is convenient and easy to use. Helps find so many things I'm looking for.
I don't use it. Want to delete it but can't. And still keep getting request to update.
Great ap when keeping up with gas prices
Its looks like it could be useful. Havent needed or used it yet!
I <3 it
This app made my BlackBerry bearable. Can't wait to use it on Android
PERFECT WORKS GREAT!
Find most of the things that you need.
I had the G1 when it first came out & 1 of my fav apps was Wertago...then I went to a text phone after my beloved G1 had to be put down. :*{ BUT IM BACK W/ AVENGENCE! :D ...Yet no Wertago?? I just found this app tho. Seems pretty good, but no peer2peer like Wertago.. I miss peeping out/messaging chicks at the club(or wherever) b4 hand. LoL  Get on that & its a 5/5!
Generally very useful. Only complaint is that when using 4 directions Poynt doesn't communicate full address to Maps, only street name. Fix for 5 star
This app is awesome, movies, gas, restaurants all easily located. One thing please add the reverse look up :) loved that feature
Good app
Great app always find what I need
This used to be such a good app, but this update screwed it up! Can't search by name anymore, please fix!
A great app to use
Love it
Last evening I was looking for restaurants & was disappointed to see places that have been out of business for years, & had problems finding places that were in business for more then 6 months...... ? ?
Great App!
This is truly a great app and I recommend it to all my friends. I've had this app since my first blackberry. Only suggestion for Android is please make a feature that allows reverse phone number lookup right from the call log just like you can on a blackberry. If that's added a solid 5 stars!
Again amazing
I use it to find cheap gas prices and to find restaurants in the area. It is usually faster than my GPS.
Main thing it helps with is the movies! Sometimes I use it 2 go out 2 eat.
The easiest way to look anything up from cheap gas to coupons and friends
Very helpfull app finding places & their phone numbers but it doesn't show me the weather any more.
Great app
Great app
Found great places in my city that I didn't know was there
I use it all the while traveling for work.
I use app all the time
Good app
Cinema times are excellent, all have trailers and you can add then straight into your calendar.  Shame we don't get the petrol prices or reverse look up but otherwise superb.
This app  really comes in handy I can make plans on the go. It helps especially for movies and such.
Simple fast!!!!!
Wonderful, very very helpful. Absolutely correct,get u to the front door :)
Works well all the time.
Looks no Mo o.o mismo nos une. Zapatero. Cc
My only problem is when I tap a selection on the gas widget, it opens Poynt, and before anything shows up, it says forced close.
Love the app!. Just wish it would find me faster!
Every time I switch phones this is one of the first apps I download!  I don't know how anyone does without it, especially if you're a movie goer.  Looking up times on this app is so much easier than calling a listening to a recording.  Plus you have yellow pages right there also!
Great app is just missing hotel app
Can see most of what is around me but not all!
Excellent application
Not bad...needs major improvement
Love it.  Just needs to be updated more frequently.  Keep up the great work!
Helps when I need it, when wifey is not in car to  Google stuff.
Works well!
Good for when im out of town and need to get to somewhere. Very very accurate too.
Good for when im out of town and need to get to somewhere. Very very accurate too.
Not perfect but a pretty quick reference guide most of the time.
The best thing going on:) but it needs hotels thanks
Often force close frustrating cause this app and maps only ones i find truely useful :-)
Eh uh it's okay
Love it can find anything from this apt.
Awwwsome
Its a very good app.
Great app
This is a really great app but a filter would be great to eliminate seminars and the like which I have no interest in.
You can't search for movies
Good enough
I'm glad I found it again.
After last update its been off a few towns, I typed my address and it doesn't show me any gas stations in my town it shows me stations from towns over
Very useful. Uninstall gas buddy if you have it because it's already built into this app
Didn't  care for it at first, but it can be useful at times.
This thing can't help me to  find frenz out of state..
The weather could be more accurate:)
Its easy and fun to use!
Your phone must-have, it's  super awesome. Easily one of the best apps I've ever had, I love it!
It helps out
Pretty good
Very helpful&easy to use!!
Its a good app and all but i recently updated it and now i have a lot of ads that pop up and get in my way! It gets annoying! Fix it and its a 5 star no doubt!
Lovr this very handy
Fantastic for quickly planning a whole night out with quick access to everything you need to know from times to numbers
This app. RULES!!!!!!
Crashes constantly on galaxy skyrocket when using map feature
The gas widget stopped working...please fix!!!
Not perfect, but very good. Easy to use and good interface. Some outdated information. I like it better than "Where".
Life saver!
Love it!!.
Cool app
It's okay!
UK petrol prices now, like the iPhone equivalent app. Thanks
Great for movie times, but crashes on offers
This app came with my phone I thought it was dumb and would never use it but its actually very helpfull finding movies and cheapest gas!
I use the base,next to uninstall version which means i've never updated it and works fine for me. I mostly use it for gas and weather. Its pretty accurate still.
Still room for improvement when it comes to updating addresses, but at least the gas prices are fairly accurate now.
I have an android ive seen all the bad reviews but  I personlly think its a cool app  uIse it for movies and weather
Works great. Mostly use it for gas prices. Very happy with that feature.
Great app works well not sure why do many bad reviews??
works nice
I like this app the gas feature is I usually accurate and you can reverse lookup numbers
Sucks balls.
Great app! Just found this one in the marketplace and it has helped us find movies , theaters & restaurants. I can't give it 5 stars because I would like to have it give the websites of restaurants along with the other info. Then we could check out menus when trying to decide on a place.
Awsome
It does what it's supposed to do when it's supposed to......:-)
My only complaint is the app does freeze at times. Not often but has happened when the app is needed :(
App
I want and need to delete it but cant
Its pretty helpful and helps me plan for the weekend.
Decent app
I have used it for two years now, and it has ALWAYS worked great!! A classic app!
Pretty handy app, finds a lot of stuff to do based on ur gps- be sure to have that on when u use it. Only thing id sayy weak is website links are meh.
Was one of my fav apps on my old blackberry and is still great on my htc desire s, would get 5 stars if it had weather animations like htc sense does
I absolutely loved this app on the bb, it was seamless from city to city with gas prices, museum events and concerts, movies, etc. Then I got my Droid and couldn't wait for the poynt app. It worked just like expected. great interface. You can shut it down when your not using it. There had been an issue with a search engin, but out seems to be worked out. All in all good stuff.
I enjoy this app but when I had it for my old phone was able to do reverse look up from call screen. Now with my galaxy nexus I have to copy and paste to reverse look up bit of a hassle.  Other than that great app
Incredible! Must have app. Thank u developers!
Works good and now include more I just don't use as much.... likes this app
The biggest problem is that I need phone storage space.... I have a huge SD card; why can't I have it there?
This is an awesome app. Perhaps she doesn't know how to use it.
Just started using
Idn Wtf piece of shyt phone these ppl have that gave mandatory apps and little memory but this is an overall good app..better on bb tho
Not perfect and would probably uninstall if could but decent anyway
have not had 1 problem finding any address or anything you can even shows you can call the place looking for it is also calls the place, so quit your whining learn to use it or get rid your smartphone
Very useful reverse phone look up, movie and restaurant finder.
I really like this app it was very helpful with the movie timetable. It was very helpful in finding a nail salon. Wow!!!!
Used it all the time. Now all I get is,No Results. Tried uninstalling updates,didn't help. Please fix.
Wont even come up, I can't even remove it to reinstall it, to try again.
Instead of bitching, root your phone and remove it.. problem solved.
This app comes with the your phone it cannot be deleted!!!it just updates itself unless you uncheck were it says allow automatic update!!!
... to have in a pinch
App seems to have a mind of its own when it launches. Sometimes I don't get all the choices as far as gas prices or restaurants. the icon does not even show up. When it works it's nice. But it seems to be more often then not that it does not work. =(
App seems to have a mind of its own when it launches. Sometimes I don't get all the choices as far as gas prices or restaurants. the icon does not even show up. When it works it's nice. But it seems to be more often then not that it does not work. =(
Would have given better rating if it were updated more often in the restaurant section...otherwise it is a great app...very helpful!
Love it! 4 stars because it was faster On BB.
Smart Phones and Dumb People don't mix.
Don't need it. wish I could delete it :-)
Love it
One of my favorite apps from my old blackberry.
Looks up nearby business, restaurants and has a phone book and yellow pages. Connects to maps. Most useful app in my DROID 2
reason you would have smart phone is to have this app. Some people will post negative stuff about anything. And I say to those people "get a life"
I really like it. Optimus
People who willingly download give good ratings. Recently many giving 1 star don't use & are angry at their carrier for preloading. Don't blame app.
People who willingly download give good ratings. Recently many giving 1 star don't use & are angry at their carrier for preloading. Don't blame app.
Good app had it on my blackberry and came in very handy
Used this app since I had my storm. If you don't like it don't get a phone w/o it installed on it or root. Don't complain
Awesome app.
How do i delete dis off my phone?????.
Would give 5 stars but sometimes its out of date with events and places like it has listed a few restaurants that dont exist anymore.But still awesome
Very helpful!!
EVO 3g. I've been using this for a couple of years and love it. Works as advertised.
This app came with the phone and you can't uninstall it
Use this app all the time. Should update more frequently tho
Use this app all the time. Should update more frequently tho
I love this app I use it very often. Sometimes it messes up but what isn't flawless in life these days. The pros out way the cons 4 me with this app.
Love this app, been using it since I've owned my BB in 09,
The local restaurants and movies are great. Business search results need to get better though. Searching for big w Melbourne failed to get results
I would really love an app that does fuel prices in Australia (Melbourne, Victoria) .. I wouldn't think twice about paying for one. All good otherwise
Everything all in one place. But keyboard won't go down after search completed and when you get directions and move to maps it won't return to search.
When it gets your correct location it works great
I love this APP. I'm bad when it comes to directions. I can find any place, people & ph. No. "I FOUND MY WAY" LOL
Put down the pipe no one wants your crackhead pictures great update love the local events *new and the deals *new as well
Very useful!
Love it
Nice app. Use often.
Much better since recent updates.
Maps are useful when trying to find a places location.  Movie places and times are very helpful as well. I use it often.
I've been using Poynt for over a year, starting with my Blackberry.  I have been very please with the updates.  Keep up the good work.
Wow, bunch of idiots with these 1* app works great. Can find anything, anywhere. Can easily sort results by lowest price, distance, and more.
Dull.
Comes in handy
Ive used this app for 2 years now. Probably my most used app. Love it.
Great app for finding something to do in your area quickly.
Do not want or need, can not uninstall, will not remember that I have UN checked auto update, takes up valuable space. Run away while you can!
Love this app, however needs updates on some listings that are no longer in business.
This has always been a 5 star app. But since the last few updates major battery drain from constant Gps activation on EVO 4g. Please fix.
I like that Poynt gets a quick fix on my GPS location, and its place finding algorithm seems to be pretty good, in that most of the places are still in business, and it actually finds the places that are closest to me.  One gripe: in the theatres near me view, when I scroll down to look at movie showtimes, I get at most 2 movies -- from the local 16 screen theatre.  What's worse, the 18 screen theatre in my city shows no movie showtimes.
Good
Cool
This app has potential to be amazing!! I really like it alot. The thing I dislike the most is the event organization. But I think I'll keep it.
Seems to keep turning it on every five minutes...anyone else?
Love it, gps doesnt always register location, but very reliable once location is entered manually. I've always loved the add to address book feature!
This app is great! I use it look up movie theaters, movies playing nearby, restaurants, etc... YP icon could use an update in listing accuracy though.
Good app for looking up local stuff like restaurants phone numbers etc
Good app. Doesnt really stand out in the crowd of other apps like this one though.
It works and is free
Love it!
Really like, no problems getting the options to spin on opening screen, just have problems selecting the option to load. Be great to add atm's & medic
Great app told several friends
Best app!!!!
I use this app daily. It meets my needs and it is always reliable.
This is a well executed idea that people of all OS's use religiously. Can't argue with all the positive talk that goes around about it,I guess..
Sucks battery like a vampire sucks blood, even when not in use for days on end. Useful app overall though.
Very good app on market and blackberry i had both and i used this app on both system and i had no complaints
Great app. Its not accurate 50% of the time when you look for the cheapest gas.
I use this a lot. It is fast and accurate.
Force closes when Add to Calender is selected. Fix please MOTOROLA PHOTON
Great app.
Update force closes and won't work anymore. Droid x2 gingerbread.
I think its a wonderfull app. It lists everything in Colorado springs. If it doesn't work in your area you should say where you live.Duh. thanks poynt
This has been really easy to use & its actually finding what I'm looking for. Galaxy
The best feature that I like about this app is the reverse lookup.
It's my "go to" app when I'm looking for something to do!
Good
Wish it kept more preferences, ers.
Often slow to update
Awesome
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
I has this w blackberry and loved it. Added it to Android.very reliable and works fast.
This app deserves even more stars. Great info, a pretty face too. Had this on my blackberry storm, and hoped it was also on Droid (X). Sweetness!
Worked great when I have my blackberry storm but dick's on my stupid x...force closes on reverse look up by number
Reverse lookup of phone numbers is now working much better and gives more true info than before!
Worked on my blackberry, but doesn't update current position on Samsung Captivate. Better rating when fixed.
I loved this app on my blackberry and I really love it on my DROID Pro! My Best App!!
I loved this app on my blackberry and I really love it on my DROID Pro! My Best App!!
Nice!
I mainly use it for movies and it always saves me time in my search for others locations also. Great app!
I mainly use it for movies and it always saves me time in my search for others locations also. Great app!
The last update was bad. Force close on start up. I uninstalled it and re-installed the latest version and it works.
The last update was bad. Force close on start up. I uninstalled it and re-installed the latest version and it works.
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
Very good.loads of useful features. My only complaint is there isn't an ad-free version.
Great app, would be even better if we could get gas pricing here in Canada as well. Motorola Atrix 4g.
Awesome! Luv it but since having my HTC Thunderbolt having a hard time getting it to work which sucks!!!
Best all in one app. Very accurate! It's just missing a couple of things that would make it 5 stars.
Best all in one app. Very accurate! It's just missing a couple of things that would make it 5 stars.
You can not complain about it not letting you share with Facebook... Facebook this, Facebook that, I hope you know everyone on Facebook lost idenities
Need to be able to send information to u about what places r incorrect....especially restaurants and businesses
Great app! Would be nice if there was a link to the respective websites when applicable. Otherwise very good.
Great app! Would be nice if there was a link to the respective websites when applicable. Otherwise very good.
This app is awesome. I've been using it for over three years and it has been a lifesaver at times.
jy You.hi . .
Best app for everything. I have used it for 2 yrs now and have never had a problem. And the award goes to Poynt!!!!!
I have had this app for a while now. I use it all the time on my Droid X. I wish it turned GPS on automatically but maybe I just overlooked that setti
Good for looking up places to eat or certain places of interest. Terrible reverse phone and person lookup.
Good for looking up places to eat or certain places of interest. Terrible reverse phone and person lookup.
This is my most used app. When I am at a place I am not familiar with, I use this baby to search for restaurants, gas stations, etc. Highly recommende
This is my most used app. When I am at a place I am not familiar with, I use this baby to search for restaurants, gas stations, etc. Highly recommende
Great app... if you could make it access Google information on businesses it would be perfect!
Thank you, Thank you, THANK YOU I've missed you like y'all have no idea -EVO
As much as I love my phone, the one problem is that this terrible app was preinstalled. I can't imagine why anyone would install it on purpose. Other apps have the same features, but do them much better. This app always runs, no matter what you do, it will run in the background, sucking your battery for an app no one wants. If you kill it, it comes back even more powerful. It's like an evil Obi-wan Kenobi.
Seems like they fixed the problem with poynt finding phone numbers..now it works just fine just like before..
unfortunately almost every search contes back w/inaccurate out of date info. Wrong numbers, closed businesses etc :( mytouch4g
Would be five stars if there were gas prices for Canada. Otherwise I love this app. Even better on Android than it was on my BB!
Pretty good. I liked it more on my blackberry bold 9700 instead of Moto Atrix
Great app on my droid X, found cheep gas, saw movie clips, and decided where to eat all in one app. Also helped with not having so many apps running.
Only have used it for gas prices and its always accurate...love it! All the other stuff not interested..EVO 4G
Only have used it for gas prices and its always accurate...love it! All the other stuff not interested..EVO 4G
How orignal, slap interface and pull data from citysearch,opentable,gas buddy and white pages.
Better interface than similar apps with bonus of event information. Initial setup is slow. Seems accurate. Useful. Atrix4g
I used this on my blackberry and use it on my HTC. Quick and easy way to find addresses & phone numbers
Excellent app :) Great for when I'm away from home. Very stable and pretty accurate. A+++
Works good wish it could connect to gps so my "current location" was actually my current location
Really great app..above average accuracy (few restaurants showing up that have been closed for years)..movie times and gas location & prices accurate
Very good app, close to replacing several apps Ui is genius for finding stuff compared to yellow book.
It's a dam good app ! Pure volume of effectiveness even it south Mississippi and I got a crappy service provider.. ppl be crazy this is good !
Where's the cheapest gas? When does my movie start? Where can I buy a snack after? All answers in one app! But it does take a bit of power to use.
Works well! Happy with overall performance but, takes a little bit to find location!
I like it, very usefull and user friendly, ... and i don't usually like app's like this
Like the fact that you have multiple things you can search for all in one.
I use to have the app when I had a blackberry and I've missed it. I just saw it today and knew I had to download it. Its a great app to have
Great app for finding food, gas, movie times and businesses. Having a problem trying to add results to my droid x contact list...
Great for film listings. 'Meh' for everything else, more tailored towards U.S users more so than anyone else
What it offers may be a bit limited BUT bearing that in mind it has worked well when I've needed it (on a HTC Desire)
Nice app but movie app keeps foreclosing everytime I open it on TBolt fix it please !!!
You can type in theatres near by & it will show trailers and the times the movies are playing at each theatre.
One word...amazing!! This app is everything u need for finding something to do nearby.
I love this App! It was on my blackberry bold and now my Evo. The great part is how you cans save the phone number to your contacts.
This app has been so useful to me, that I sent it to myself from my Blackberry when I got my HTC.
This is the best app that you can get, I love it and recommend it to everyone. and everyone loves this as much as I do. This is the must have.
This is the best app that you can get, I love it and recommend it to everyone. and everyone loves this as much as I do. This is the must have.
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Pure failure on HTC evo I was trying to use it las Vegas and it never worked on my evo but worked well on my girls epic
Won't allow updates on my droid x- always shows error! Please fix, very useful app
Great concept, well executed. Not fully effective for Australians but still handy with movies. Directory not so accurate/up-to-date
Comes in very handy when traveling image in a strange area. Paid ads tend to clutter what you are actually searching for.
This app is great & very usefull. It comes in very handy with all searches thank you Sprint .HTC EVO
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
Intetresting interface but the information for my home location is quite out of date. Several listed restsaurants have been out of business for years
Great app! Always room for improvement though (i.e., saved searches, force closes) samsung gal s
Great, but I wish they would add the reverse number lookup feature like they have on the Blackberry version.
It gives me ideas for songs and artist I forgot and picking favorites insures playing songs you like best, I love it.
This is the best app for local numbers and businesses on android, by far. You will not be disappointed. Kelly Wuebker
Favorite app on BB. Just as rad on EVO 2.2 "Where" and "Yelp" never know where YOU are. This finds you and more. Just what you're looking for.
Leery of new permissions, but going on reputation of this company they will not share my personal info. Keeping an eye on things, tho.
Does Poynt really need all this access? Otherwise, fantastic substitute for several other apps. including yellow/white pages and social events site.
This little app is very useful, not just for restaurants or movies. I found a feed store I was looking for too! Must have from now on for me.
Was great on bb. It also force closes on my samsung moment. Dev please fix. Thanks.
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Poynt is used often on my phone. If its out there, youre gonnna find it on Poynt!
Used a couple times.. verry satisfied with it so far.. only gave it 4 stars cause I haven't used enough to see all its pro's and con's
Love this app. Works great and saves me money. Its an awsome app for finding gas stations with the best prices anywhere you are!
Great app. Haven't found a single drawback, and especially appreciate gas cost comparison right now.
Love this app you have everything in one app, movie, food tickets, and gas, don't look anywhere else this is the app you want.
I really like it, helps me out when I'm looking for businesses and movies. Gas is not up-to-date. Had it on my bb curve/now on Samsung transform.
This app is great! Helped me find so many stores I needed to go to and the movie widget is breathtaking.
Really good app!! Although the gas prices widget crushes when I tap on the name of the station and can't see the address
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
Very very well thought out app. The integration with other features of the phone and online services is extremely impressive.
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
Reverse phone number doesn't work on the LG Ally. The rest of the app. is awesome.
Doesn't share via face book for Nexus One. Begins to open web browser then closes it and goes back to poynt program.
Awesome app! Wish u could text movie times or events. Other than pretty cool app. Easy to.change location. Gas prices pretty accurate
Program works wonders other than this one small problem. They will fix it soon I am sure..
Was my favorite app on my blackberry, but it now force closes everytime I reverse lookup. Please fix lg optimus s.
I use this app all of the time. Love it. Wish there was a way to see business hours without having to manually use the browser to find their website.
App is very good but like the others, it force closes on reverse number look-ups. Please fix or un-installing. DroidX
When looking for olive garden it finds the parents company so therefore sends you to red lobsters
When looking for olive garden it finds the parents company so therefore sends you to red lobsters
Great app. I'm traveling and I've used this app numerous times for finding restaurants, gas stations and even a motel while on the road.
Great app. I use it whenever friends and family plan to have days out. Needs updating
This was my fav app on my blackberry. I loved! Doesn't wrk as good on the charm(Tmobile) but im very satisfied.
The program runs very smoothly, however, new addresses are not updated to the database.
I would give this app 5 stars if the widget was a little bigger or smaller. Right now its just a weird size and takes up too much space.
Okay overall. Has to force stop if try to save a search phone # to contacts, and gas prices are not up to date. Still better and faster than internet.
Freezes up when I try to reverse look up by phone number can i fix that or not
Good to see Poynt on Droid. Very good App. Would give better rating of all functionality worked. Adding to calendar doesn't work. Droid X. 2.2.1
really good app. would recommend to friends. mostly useful for its gas prices and events. other than that, it does what a few other apps do.
Perfect if you are traveling, too bad I don't really leave town and know where everything is. Otherwise this is an awesome app. Evo
Niice app., pulls really old information, such as a krispy kreme that hasn't been in that location for over 6 years!
Loved this app on my BB. Force closes everytime I do a reverse look up phone number. HTC evo
Simply Amazing! Make an add to favorite option with a favorite tab and it will be the best essential app on the market!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
i think the movie widget should be adjustable for what you want it to tell you instead of the gross $ or whatever. maybe the rating or something else.
Fun app Great for finding random stuff Would be five stars but the gas prices widget goes to the in program search rather than station info fix plz
Fun app Great for finding random stuff Would be five stars but the gas prices widget goes to the in program search rather than station info fix plz
I love this app, would be 5 stars if it didn't force close every time I use reverse number look up.
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
Force close on htc evo. Was a good app on my black berry, not so good on evo.
Very helpful. Usually these kinds of apps dknt have info for my location but I'm pleasantly surprised that Poynt does.
Program is great with one exception. The reverse phone book force closed the program on my droid x.
Program is great with one exception. The reverse phone book force closed the program on my droid x.
Is a very well written app. Only draw back I can find is updating the GPS location. Other than that 5 starz....
Love this app! They keep adding awesome features. The newest being "events". Works perfect on my droid X.
The only reason I kept my much hated bb bold was this app. Now its on Android, my phone is complete!
The only reason I kept my much hated bb bold was this app. Now its on Android, my phone is complete!
Great app. Kills my battery if I leave gps on. So turn gps off when your done. Droid x.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Great gas app. I use this daily. I believe this is better than my navigation system.
Great gas app. I use this daily. I believe this is better than my navigation system.
Great gas app. I use this daily. I believe this is better than my navigation system.
Can not use on my Droid, force closses every time. This was my favorite app for my blackberry.
I love it. I check what movies are playing and restaurants. Wish it had restaurants hours and food menus to make it the perfect app. Droid X
Used to be just a good app. Then they added gasprices and now it is a fantastic app!
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
Nice app. However, restaurant locator is not up to date. Pointed me to a place that was closed down for several years.
Would be five stars but locations are way off. Telling me something is six miles away when it's actually 10: big problem.
5 out of the 6 main searches are very useful and convenient. But, Restaurant listings and reviews are very outdated (yelp is better for this).
Searching for a restaurant by name works, but cuisine fails every time. HTC Incredible
The best ever, was a must on my BB, so happy to have on my EVO
Pretty good app, but it'd be better if you could search events by type (music, plays, etc.)
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
Love the app. Great for movies dinner and finding businesses.unbelievably quick loading.uninstalled my movie apps this does the job of 3apps.awesome:)
Nice app, but not able to play movie trailers on my evo. Everything else is great
Pretty cool actually...even here in the sticks. Echo another comment, linking to a voucher site would rock
Pretty cool actually...even here in the sticks. Echo another comment, linking to a voucher site would rock
This is one of the few apps that is worth it. It multifunctions smoothly and actually makes life easier. EVO 4G
This is one of the few apps that is worth it. It multifunctions smoothly and actually makes life easier. EVO 4G
Replacing 3 apps with this 1. Not bloated rAre force close week later still smooth. Great App. HTC Evo
Finally! I've been waiting for this to come to Android. It blows yelp and where out of the water.
Installed yelp, flickster, and all the other reference apps, this is all in one a must have.
This application does not knowo pcworld, currys, but Google does. I searched for currys and got some Indian restaurants'. Galaxy S Froyo, London
I like this version much better than the one for Blackberry. I have it on my Sd card & install it when I need it.
Great app! Graphics are clean and very user friendly. Combines the best of Maps, area information, Movies by flixster, and artist and music info.
Does what it says it'll do. I gave it four stars because I really wanted it to be able to show clubs and stuff
Great app but... Feels a bit laggy on my HTC Desire. Also, would be nice to view ratings on restaurants (just like yelp). I like the integration of multiple services, but this app still doesn't replace yelp or the built in Places on my phone.
Cant seen to get the weather feature where I live now! Apart from that not bad
Would be 5 stars, but reverse lookup doesnt show names, only shows phone service provider. Other than that, this app is awesome! HTC Desire.
Great app, would be nice to get hour by hour weather forecasts. The add to calender function does not work for all movie appointments.
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
Love it! Tends to be slow w. Less than ideal service but otherwise leaps and bounds better than a typical search engine or yellowpages.
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
Just installed it, seems to b good so far, but some of restaurants are closed down.
I really love this app... My only complaint is that most of the restaurant reviews that I saw on here were pretty old and some have since closed.
I luv this app. I only wish it had the "Save To Contacts" feature like the Blackberry version of this app.
LOVED Poynt on Bberry, had to get it on my Samsung Transform. Often doesn't use my current loc. Have to keep inputting it, annoying! Great otherwise.
Like the rest, it's poor at listing local events. A major play is on Sunday, but guess which app didn't know? This one!
I liked it better on my blackberry. For some reason the local search using the mapping system is gone, or at least I can't use it.
I like the app but with my GPS on and I look for things nearby it gives me results 15 away and shows them as a half mile away. Anyone know how to fix?
I use to love it but now it fore closes!!! Even though i updated it and still fore closes!
I use to love it but now it fore closes!!! Even though i updated it and still fore closes!
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
I loved this app on my blackberry and I love it on my aria I don't need 411 or a phone book on the go
Would be nice of I.could reverse lookup a number from my call list instead of opening the app and.manually typing in the number
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
Desktop icon needs to be updated to high-res & needs shadow behind it. A great app needs an up to par icon. This is not blackberry. Get w/ the program
Not a fan of allowing it to do things it has no reason to mess with
Not a fan of allowing it to do things it has no reason to mess with
Why does this app need access to my contacts and personal info? Privacy violation big time !!!
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Absolutely need this if you need accurate info of a place you need to find
Nice alternative to google places. Streamlined. Has option to add to contacts on my EVO though I get a weird message.
Great app, very useful, although it isn't always 100% accurate with gas prices. 4 stars...HTC wildfire
I loved this on my Blackberry so it was a must on my Droid X!
I loved this on my Blackberry so it was a must on my Droid X!
Works great & very useful but gps stays on sometimes and I have to force close! Please fix!!!!! Otherwise 5 stars
One of my favorite all around apps. Works well. Could use some graphic improvements.
One of my favorite all around apps. Works well. Could use some graphic improvements.
A must have for all smartphones, cause if you dont have it that's just stupid.
I thought it only worked on blackberry. So you can emagine how excited I was to put it on he droid!!
I loved this app on bb and its even better on my droid 2 global! Everything is better on android!
Loved this app, but now it has started force closing every single time I use it. Very frustrating now. HTC Evo
This is an amazing app! Works great! Was a little better on my BB Curve 9700, but, still an awesome app! A must have!!!
Love the app, just wish I could add cinema film time to calendar, like on the blackberry edition.... Samsung Spica
Great app but I don't see the reverse dial option I had on my blackberry
Can't comment on anything beside the people search, but it works as said as long as the people are listed.
Went to two different places listed on Poynt, both were closed and opened under different names. Data needs to be updated.
Good app but it often leaves my gps running after I close it forcing me to use a task killer. DX
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
excellent were too app. Dose FC often but there dosent seem to be any other of its type in the market. Works ok with my Desire
I like the BB version were you can do a reverse lookup from the call log.
I like the BB version were you can do a reverse lookup from the call log.
I loved this app on blackberry I loved it when it came to iPhone now its here great app
Loved on BB before Droid switch was erratic on Droid X with prior updates but seems stable now
Loved on BB before Droid switch was erratic on Droid X with prior updates but seems stable now
Loved on BB before Droid switch was erratic on Droid X with prior updates but seems stable now
it would be better if it had the reverse lookup option and linked to contacts and call logs and caller id like bb edition.
Havent even used the app yet and i already love it because its not aroundme
Easiest app of this type that I have found. I use it all the time.
Great app have had it on all my smartphones and helps aweaome when outta town
I love this app. I had it on my BB and it was the first app I searched for when I got my Droid 2. I have to manually put in my location though now.
Been waiting for this apparently for a while now...came to android from BB and missed this app the most! Works as expected! Excellent app. A must have
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
I was so happy when I saw this app in the droid market. I had missed it when gave up my black berry.
This app was better on my BB. No reverse lookup option direct from the call screen on the droid X. Still good for movies though.
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
Had some issues with it going to the previous screen randomly why searching...can get very frustrating. But when it works it's a great app
Loved it on storm 2, but have issues with my new incredible. Hope they get the Droid version fixed!
I loved this app on my Blackberry but it's not as good on Android but still better than everything else like it. htc Evo
Nice app. But quite often shows search results then immediately erases them. HTC Desire.
It was a must have on the blackberry but not so much with the super phones that we have now! Still love it though.
Good but not great. Loved it on BB but it's missing some of its best features on Droid. No reverse look up from missed call menu. No HQ for movies.
Glad I could get this for Android, was one of my most used Blackberry app. I wish the movie trailors were high quailty video though
Glad I could get this for Android, was one of my most used Blackberry app. I wish the movie trailors were high quailty video though
Had it on my blackberry and loved it, now have it for my galaxy s. One problem, when I select a couple of things goes to homescreen, ie movies top 10.
Loved it on Blackberry, now I love it on my Droid! Great App. I use it daily!
Droid X. Built in maps crashed it back to it's home screen. If I use the directions choice instead, I can use my Google Map. Needs more review sources
Was great on BB. FC every time on motor Droid 2.2. Can't use. Too bad. Will keep and wait for update. Devs please fix.
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
Had it my BB storm and have really missed it. It's awesome. Find a place and then it will sync up with the maps and send you to it. Perfect!!
I really like this app compared to where and yelp. Would be 5 stars but when I select "map" it reverts back to main screen. Droid X.
Best app on my old bb. Seems to freeze when selecting map on my droid x though.
Probably one of the best apps to link location with points of interest. I use it often.
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
FC the first time I opened. Could use some stability work. This was the only app I missed from my bb curve! - Droid BB Froyo
FC the first time I opened. Could use some stability work. This was the only app I missed from my bb curve! - Droid BB Froyo
Freezes every time I check something and does not have all the things the blackberry has. D-inc
Finally! I've been waiting for this since I left blackberry and it is better than ever.
Been waiting for this, loved it on blackberry, but not near as good, needs tweaking
This is a must have app. In town or out of town, planning a trip, finding a new favourite place. Poynt will get you there with ease. Easy to use. Helpful verticals. You have to get this app.
I'm happy with it (^_^)
This I a good apparently. I use it a lot.
Most useless junk & i can't uninstall bc it was preloaded!
I use this app all the tme.
Works great
love it so easy to use, i can find every thing
Awesome for movie times and quick searching restaurants for directions.
Sux..doesn't even work at all forcecloses right away
If you have a question just ask poynt.
Why does this even exist
I don't use it and cant get it to uninstall!!!!!
I love this app
Super grreat!!!
Works great and sorts  the options how you want.  I use it to find new places and they are always sorted by what is closest.
Love this App!! I have been using this application for the last 2 years and it hasn't failed me once.
Firme app !
Love this app no matter where I go I can find the things I need
At first I thought "Who needs Poynt?". Now I will use it all the time.
Works when I only have the #, address, or name....great app and its FREE!!!!
LUV dis app fo realz!!!!
Love it!!!
I'm NEVER disappointed in Poynt. Its the one app that I make sure I add to any new phone I get and I've made all of my family members add it the their phone as well! Love it.
I hate this stock app
I honestly think this app is the best one by far that I've used
Never use it....
Great app....period!!
I use this all the time. Great for finding anything your looking for!
So helpful. Use it a lot. Sometimes there is outdated in.
I love this app so much
I love this app so much
Can't uninstall, can't turn off updates, can't see what I need this for. It's just taking up space and pestering me for updates. Behaves just like a virus.
Great App!
This app helps me with the best gas prices . Which has saved me money. Love the app.
This app helped me find movie theater in Texas water Parks in Oklahoma diners in Arizona it is amazing
Only 3 menus, businesses, restaurants, theaters nearby, movies and trailers. Simple and works well.
Love this app! I use it for everything! Maps, phone  #'s, movie times and food ideas.
Like it
I live this app!
Love it
I used this app on my blackberry and it is incredible!! Now I can use it on my android tablet!!!
Great app
Has helped me connect everywhere i needed to contact.GREAT APP
Fun
I don't like apps that are forcefully installed.
This app is THE BOMB enough said...
Best ever!
Best application ever..Always on Poynt!!!!! I love it.
Awesome
its cool it shows good places to eat and things to do .
Love it
Good to have, I use the widgit for local gas prices and this app is way better than cricket 411 on finding local places.
Loading...
This is neat I like
Greatest App Ever!!!! Used on Blackberry and brought it over to my Rezound. Can't live without it.
F
The best app by far never any problems finding what you need
Replaced my phonebook.
Lots a info available and very accurate. Works awesome.
Great program
Good app.
Excellent app
great love it cricket phone
I started out on poynt when i had my crackberry.      So glad i can use it on my.droid I use poynt almost every day I love it I highly recommend it I don't know what I'd do without it
Love it!
Love it!
It forces close every time I try to open it.  =(
I have used this app everywhere I've gone and its proven more usefull than 411, GPS, the web & the Yellow Pages. When you find your place you can add it to your address book (all details) at once. The only glich is you have to do it twice, but hopefully this update will fix.that.
Awesome app!
Easy & very convenient!  Good 2 place on ur desktop. Always updated.
I love it ever since my smart little bro downloaded it
This app is awesome!  Especially if you have a boy/girl friend.  Makes it really easy to find a movie or a place to eat.
Love this app! When ever I need cheep gas, new restaurant, movies, anything!<3
Love this app.
I had this app on a boost android phone but upgraded to at&t  I download it and it works even better on this phone!!! Motorola ATRIX
It is fantastic
It is fantastic
Great app. Always on point
WOW! This app is absolutely amazing! If you want to know who owns that harassing phone number, or where so&so lives, this app puts it all at your fingertips! A+++++++
Very accurate! I use it every day that I'm out or need numbers and addresses to Drs stores cheap and close gas!! Absolutely Love! Best app!
Very good use this app all the time .
I never used this app b-4 i would just by pass it but then i checked it out and it's verry useful and i can find anything i need to find with this.. it's Great!!!!!!
LOOOOOVE this...
Love it, I use this app more than any other app.
Great
Great
Use it to find cheap gas prices and movies. Works great
Use it to find cheap gas prices and movies. Works great
I had this app on my blackberry. Now i have it on my android phone. It was great on bb. Even better on android. Gas prices rock and are always accurate. One gas station was repeatedly reporting false low prices to lure customers there. Poynt gave them a chance but when they were caught a 2nd time, poynt pulled them down right away. Movie listings always on, the money. Yellow & white pages very handy. Another good feature is the location search. You can plan ahead w/ address search or gps.
Always keeps me connected with what I want to know. Great app for every smartphone.
Been using it for years.
Its bueno.
Love this tells me everythinh
I'm beyond impressed!  Try it out!
Great app, love it. When I need to find someone,I just type the phone number and guest what there it is. love it,I definitely recommend it.
Finally,  movie app works again. Awesome app!
I love this app!! Its very helpful and easy to use. It's certainly one of the first apps I downloaded on my new phone.
Does exactly what it says!!! Much needed app for many. Very convienant :)
I installed this app 3 weeks ago, and have used the "Fire" out of it since. It is an awesome informational app, and extremely easy to use. My hats off to the developers!
Cool
I give it all-stars. One of the best. Keep going on this one.
The app is slow to use all the time.
LOVE THIS APP I say to never leave home without it!!
Cool
Hate
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love this app
I love diz site it makes  every thing.easy 4 me 2 luk up thinhs
Points you in the right direction
Great app
Great app, very useful information .
It shows me places ive never heard of and places i missed love it   Follow me on twitter..... @ash_idgaf ill follow back xo
Excellent app
This app should be built in to all phones.
Works great! The weather crashed on me though
Great app!
Man ohh man my phone loves this app. Helps alot.
Used it on my bb's and now the s3, amazing app. It should not be free that is how good it is.
Really love this app very useful when your trying to find a place in a  area you dont know. whether it be movies a place to eat our just events that are going on in the area. Highly recommend this app!!!!
Great app
Work great on galaxy tab. Support landscape mode. Work in canada. Must have app
I love love this app its the best thing sence french fried taters
Gas, movies, weather and local events. Everything you need.
It is the best app ever. It helps a lot. Not only with movies even with the places you wanted to go.
OMG I LOVE THIS APP I HAD IT ON MY OLD PHN BT IT WAS AN ALREADY INSTALLED APP I DIDNT KNW THEY HAD A APP FOR IT IN THE MARKET BT ITS BEEN SO HARD TO FIND THINGS LATELY I HAD TO LOOK FOR IT THIS APP IS A MUST HAVE....I LOVE IT!!!!!
I started using this on blackberry pearl 3 years ago. Every new phone sense, I have had to have this. Good job, Devs. Best on the market.
Awesome app...
R
Great
Great
Thanks for sponsoring Rick Ware Racing and the 2011 NASCAR Nationwide Series Rookie Of The Year, Timmy Hill!
Like it !!!
Awesome app
It is so helpful I use it all the time!
I use this all the time now that they fixed the cinema search its back on !!. I also like the event section. I love poynt.
does wat I need...
Always works great
Most useful app I have
Can't uninstall. Wtf! Don't download! Offers a lot of poor information and is a battery killer! Watch out for the people who say they like it, liars!
Love it
Doesnt work anymore. Says no internet connection. Bs I have good internet.
This app I'd awesome I love it download asap
I love it! Its very easy to use & i've found some great places in my backyard that  I didnt know about! A great app!!
And most amazingly it works!
Great app love it
Must try it a great app.
I live in Denver. Just went to Boston and it took me everywhere. Who needs a tour guide when you have poynt!!!!!
Love it
Great app I use it every  day
Great app I use it every  day
I use poynt daily.never fails.all the info I need at my fingertips.thx dev.
I use this all time to find businesses and showtimes. I've never had it be wrong. I'm glad it came with my phone.
Grest app
All phones should have this...
Best all in 1 app EVER !!!   I use it every day
I've been using this app for at least a year now and it has been faithful to me the whole time! Very convenient. The upgrades will usually take care of any issue you have!
I love this app so much. Glad to.see it in Android market. Just switched from black berry and didn't want to be with out point.
Love this as well
I love it
I love Point.  I use it to find restaurants, movies, stores, entertainment and even tell me weather.
This app finds anything in the area you're in.
I keep getting error message in the movie section... grr
I use this app for movie reviews, movie theaters and times, to find cheapest gas prices, find local restaurants and directions. It takes the place of 6 or 7 apps easily!!!
It lists any place I want to know/go. Like the feature I use the most is movies and what theater playing which movie. I have no problems with it. Pretty cool app.
Love it
So useful, I use it for movie times, gas prices, locating businesses, great app
Works great again! Just downloaded on new phone lg optimus elite at first it only showed 3 icons movies, business and restaurant but after a couple minutes of being open other tabs came back.
Love it
Love it
Awesomeness in an app
App came with my phone and I used it and liked it; very useful when it loads quickly. Now I  can't search for movies. Must be the upgrade. Please fix.
I also had the movie not working. I deleted and reinstalled and everything was fine.  People shouldn't be so quick on the 1 and 2 stars if they say they like it but cant get movies.  Email support like the other user did or try and uninstall and reinstall.  I use this app everyday. One of my favorites.
I use this app everyday and love it. Works amazing, I have never touched a phone book sense having it, yes, phone books still exist. But no need for one when you have point. I sell cell phones for a living and this is always a app I recommend
Wow super helpful i love. It! !
Wonderful
Was getting an error each time I tried to access something . If you uninstall then reinstall, works great again.
Latest update won't open properly.  Love this app.  Needs fixing though.  Galaxy Nexus.
Latest update won't open properly.  Love this app.  Needs fixing though.  Galaxy Nexus.
This is a bunch of google apps combined into one...
Fantastic, A must have package.
Wonderful No flaws.must have app
I love this app, started using it back in my BlackBerry days, and was really happy to find i could get it for Android. Works great for when I'm traveling and have no idea where anything is. Allows me to find anything I'm looking for and bases it on how close the location is to me. Give address,phone, and options to map it on navigation for you, or option to call. Great app.
Ok
Its got it all!
If u don't have this u need to get it, its amazing. It has a lot of neat things, u can locate people, gas stations find stores with the cheapest gas, and my favourite is movies u can  find theaters near u with all the shows and show times and even watch the trailers! Very good app.
If u don't have this u need to get it, its amazing. It has a lot of neat things, u can locate people, gas stations find stores with the cheapest gas, and my favourite is movies u can  find theaters near u with all the shows and show times and even watch the trailers! Very good app.
I am always in contact with current movie updates at the best movie theater in Pasadena CA.  The Regency Academy 6 Theater.
Love the links to websites, navigation, reviews, etc...
Had same problem as Ed. Emailed Poynt Support, problem fixed in 1 hr.
So much better than Google places for restaurants and I love it for movies too.
Hessssss!
Since update so far so good, only difference i noticed was the app starts up a little faster. Samsung captivate glide
It'll point in the right direction for sure :-)
This app just pooped in my soup
I love this app, I had it on my old BB and used it all the time.  I just upgraded to Droid and look forward to using it!
I've had this app for years and use it all the time. Any time I get a new phone its one of the first I put on it. Makes its so easy to find  movies showing and where.
I never get lost with this app
I have been using this app for a long time its fantastic. Only thing it could use is a option to look farther out for food and hotels when driving. Great app i thank you for it.
Way better than Dex! Great job dev team! Hasn't failed me yet! Can't say enough good about this app! It is flawless! Thank you!
It was on my phone working now it says its incompatible what the hell!!??
Pretty good app
Excellent! Does exactly what it says!!! Great app
Must have app!
I love this app u cant go wrong and info is up to date.
O
I love poynt! I've used it since it first debuted on blackberry! Always worked great for me! Side note: newest version works great on my Droid Bionic!
Worked amazingly on my BB storm. Always clicked a location and used Verizon navigator to get there. Now on HTC thunderbolt, that isn't an option. Now just FC.
Great app.
App is so  handy
Awesome!

And just to think that people said "pointing" was bad!

We showed them huh?

:)
Works great helps me all the time !
Kool
App works gr8!!  Plug my phone speaker jack into my car stereo so the voice for the gps comes out while i drive!! Gr8 job!! :-)
I use poynt everyday love this app..
I find this app to b real helpful when i use it it never freezes its perfect
Great app.
I have had this app since the BB storm and it's one of my favorites. It's had glitches now and again, but every time I contacted support I got great help. If you have a bad review of this app you need to check with support first.they just might have a solution for you.
Being able to look up everything in one place saves time and my sanity.
Dooper
Awesum
Wonderful
Love it!!
Love it!!
Love it!
Love it
Can't undownload it!
Can't undownload it!
Use this ALOT! Especially out of town!
I was using this app to find some restaurants while traveling outside of Philadelphia. Twice I used this app, and twice the top non-sponsored location was just a complete wild goose chase. Like, not even close. Looking for a restaurant? Here's an empty stretch of road near a housing subdivision (not even a plaza in sight).  And the sponsored results were barely relevant.  Back when I had this on Blackberry it was great, a couple years later and it's down to a solid "meh" with my wife telling me to stop using it.
I can't buy movie tickets. Not updated on restaurants, stores. Movies don't upload when theater selected.
I love this app. Really helps
I love this app. Really helps
luv it....just wish u cud rate the 'item'u use.
I love this app it helps me find everything I need
Everything about this app is awesome..tells you everything you need to know
Wonderful app.
I love it. Its a great app
Lo e it
It really helps out when u wanna watch a movie
Awesome!!
What a wonderful app. anything you want to know or find is right at your finger tip. With just a tap of a button its there.
When I get a new phone, I have to download this. Its awesome!
Very useful
I LOVE THIS APP. It really is a great app .. i LOVE how you can get the prices for gass ..that so cool
Extremely useful.
App always turns on My gps even if I'm not using it. Please fix. It drains My battery and I hate turning on and off the gps
I can't tell you how many times a day I use this. It is my favorite app
I can't tell you how many times a day I use this. It is my favorite app
Great!
Need to get off my phone if it's not free y we have to pay for it if it come with the phone
Had it pre installed on other phone had to get it on this one
Love this app. use it daily.
Nice
while everyones paying $4.40 a gallon for gas, i just it for found $3.99 thanks to this app. Woohooo!!!! :D
I jus like it
Just wish i can search friends from my contact and not have to type it in Other then that grate app
I love this app its great for road trips
Can find anything by a touch of a button ..
I've loved this app since my bb curve one of the first apps i ever downloaded ... very useful n one of my most used apps .. whoever says its garbage hasn't explored its functions n is just mad it came pre-installed on Samsung ... but it's a great app i always seek out Poynt when i get a new phone 5 stars
Good
So helpful and useful. Love finding cheap gas and new places to eat. Also my go to movie finder.
So helpful and useful. Love finding cheap gas and new places to eat. Also my go to movie finder.
I use this app all the time!
Great
Don't use this app is worthless to me, n taking up space on sd card wtf update ur system soo I can unstall it.. later now
Not good it keep on yeelin u jst 2 update it not good at all sucks
Looking for something to do or find the coolest closest spit to you... This app is ALL you'll ever need
I love this app its  very useful :)
I <3 it
I <3 it
I can search some unknown numbers right here.
I am living in my second city of 25,000 or less and this app still has the theater listings, gas listings, great offers in my area, and events.  Simple easy to use and very informative.
PERFECT WORKS GREAT!
I love using this app
I will NEVER be without this app! Use it daily.
I use this App all the time! Right on and very convenient! I took the other Apps off that were similar and now have just one instead of 6 separate ones :)
Great app I use this app a lot.
Fast, easy to use and reliable.
Great app helps me find everything I look for.
Love it an very helpful*
Helpful and saves time(:
I ALMOST USE DIZ APP 4 EVERYTHNG ITZ HECKA TIGHT
This app is fantastic even if its preinstalled of the phone. I don't know what I would do without it!
works perfectly.
When my family comes to town and they ask where's the cheapest gas I say I'll check on poynt and they say what is that.
Success!!!
Love this app!
This app is great...has come in handy so many times
This is the one app (besides Ebay :-) ) that I use almost every day. Compare neighborhood gas prices, check movie times, get directions to a new restaurant and more. Check it out, you wont be sorry!
A great app to use
Great app
Much,much quicker than 411
It does everything maybe even to much
It does everything maybe even to much
I love it
This app is epic. Its like 8 apps all combined into one! I love it!
Love that you can add movies to your calendar.
Best App EVER!!!
:)
Saves having all kinds of different apps by installing just one.
I think it's great.
Again amazing
Great app
Saved me so many times.
#1 Have to have app!  Saved my butt many times!
Great stuff, love it.
Awesome!!!!!
Can't live without this app. I love it cause went I'm visiting friends and family I can easily find EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!! Just try it you'll fall in love with it:)<3
I love this app. It is a versatile directory/navigator thst I use almost daily!
Good to go!
Good to go!
Use it for everything!
Love it :)
Wonderful wonderful!!!!!
Fixed somewhere along the way. Works great now.
Use it every time I need to call a business, or anyone for that matter
Cumbersome...Dialer/phone log integration for reverse lookup as on bb would be good.  It's been several versions and there is apparently no interest in improvements.
this is an excellent app for finding just about any business that you need and then it gives you the option to call them or directions outstanding
Amazing app. So helpful and useful. Thanks :)
Love it
Great app
Great app on the go and always use
idk just that my fone is 200% slower now with this app fyi download at  your own risk!!!
I ready hate that this was  preinstalled on my phone and I can't delete it out even move it to sd card. Waste of space.
I find this app to be very helpful when looking for places close by quickly.
Love it!!!!!!! :D
Another crap app
Keep me updated
Nice
Had this on all my BB's & when i got new HTC thought I wouldn't b able to get it. So glad I don't have to go with out it. I'd b lost!!!!
It seems so usefull. When I bought my phone, it already had it. When I use it, it doesnt let mee. :(
But For some reason forclosures everytime I try to use it. Widget Does not work When I click on it to see what's up. Motorola electrify. I'm using S P B Shell also.
Can't live without it
Makes finding things way easier, gives ideas on different things/places to try, pretty sweet!!
Very good it  works.
Seriously, though....it does everything its supposed - finds cheap gas, the next movie start time, good food, businesses, everything i need. And its ACCURATE.  For those that cant seem to "find" anything using this app, maybe its your CITY that sucks!
Never had a problem with this app. So helpful! Love it!!
Never had a problem with this app. So helpful! Love it!!
Never had a problem with this app. So helpful! Love it!!
Never had a problem with this app. So helpful! Love it!!
Must have has gas and movies all in one place
Handy to have
Thank u I enjoy using it
awesome
Hella cool app!
Always fine what you want and need
Thank you
I found a friend I was out of contact with for over 20 years, reverse phone # lookup works perfect if I get a call with just a #, gas, restaurants, directions, movies, I even found a Dr.to go to when new in town! FIVE STARS!!!!! Best app you can have. Have never had one single problem with it.
Great app! Works good in lower / slower. Delaware!
Definitely the most useful and used app I own. Never failed on me in the almost 2 years I've had it.
Helps a lot in finding the places that I need in a new town that I moved to. Thank you Poynt!
Helps a lot in finding the places that I need in a new town that I moved to. Thank you Poynt!
Tells me whats close to me, tells me who people are if they call from a land line phone.
I find this to be much easier to work with than Yelp & Yellow Pages apps.
I use it constantly!Works better than I imagined!
Best program ever
Works good for me :-)
Love this app i use it all day, every day. Anytime i need a location listing, just plug in my zip or let the phone pick up my GPS and its got it all :)
Love the reverse number look up!
The best app on Blackberry Os is now on droid too!!!!
MUY BUEN APLICACION
This is a wonderful app. I use it mostly to save on gas, but it comes in handy when I travel. It tells me what local restaurants are around and phone numbers to call the restaurant. The app is wonderful to say the least.
Whenever I need the times for a movie at one of the local theaters, I can always rely on Poynt.
Dig it....
love this, its my fav android app
Yes I Love Poynt
This app is the best!!!!
Love this!
Absolutely BEST app ever just about the only one worth downloading! Love it!!!
LOVE
I use it all the time for REVERSE SEARCHES on numbers works great White Pages are better than Google. Gas prices are behind sometimes though. But love this app. Especially when looking for a movie! I use it every day!!!
Great app very useful
Love it.
Works well all the time.
Sickk wit it so fuckk wat ppl thinkk about diz app Thuq Life
Its a great application
Nice
Absolutely love this app!
Very well made app and very useful. Would recommend to anyone.
Great app is just missing hotel app
Finally An App That's Consistent and Works as Described
I love that this thing tells me where to get the cheapest gas! very cool app!
Can see most of what is around me but not all!
Yay, great app!
Yay, great app!
Great App!
I love app , it stays updated . The feedback of it be so true , download it , its really awesome
Nice and useful
Love it. So helpful.
I think the title sums it up, I love using the app, but the graphics almost hurt my eyes.
Opening soon
Best app eva!!!:)
Lovd this app.
This is a great app....very useful. I love it!
I love this app!!! I use it often :)
I use this app alot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best app ever
This app is a waste of my space. I've never and will never use it. Sux it came with the fone n can't delete. Zero stars.
Excellent help for busy people!
I love this little app. Its always Poynts me in the right direction! Its a keeper :)
A must for anyone who wants to go enjoy his evenings
I've been using this app ever since I got an Android phone.
Great thanks!
Love it! I use it ALL the time.
Love it I use it every Day
I love this app. I find everything im looking for....
Yup
Love it can find anything from this apt.
Great app
Works perfect on my huawei ascend 2
This apps lets me find movies and theaters near me....
I use this app for finding phone numbers to businesses, restaurants  and checking movie listings. I also check the weather. I like it a lot.  You can use your current location or put in new.
This app helped me find some things. Really good if you wanna find a store
Bast app
Applications with ease of use and efficiency are my favorites.  Thus, this is a must have on all of my devices.  Integrates well with other apps to create a full experience of search & find.  I think my favorite part is the gas prices.  They can sometimes be off by a few cents, but BOY is it handy!
Great
Great app to search anywhere!
Great
Saves downloading yellowpages, gas buddy, movie app. This has it all. One stop information
Nice
If you show up to a place that no longer exists, THAT'S YOUR FAULT. It's not that hard to give them a ring when they GIVE YOU THEIR PHONE NUMBER.
If you show up to a place that no longer exists, THAT'S YOUR FAULT. It's not that hard to give them a ring when they GIVE YOU THEIR PHONE NUMBER.
If you show up to a place that no longer exists, THAT'S YOUR FAULT. It's not that hard to give them a ring when they GIVE YOU THEIR PHONE NUMBER.
Love this!
Great app
Does the job.
Just plain cool
I use the app ALL the time for movies n showtimes, it is quick and accurate,  one of my favorites!
Been using this ever since my Crapberry Storm. Always works well.
Works great
I love it. Really for the movies
Great app for looking restaurant,etc!
Works.great. So easy to  find movies
Best app..it's like having a phone book in ur pocket except this one gives directions closing times shoot even displays the weather for you
I love this app. So easy to use. I use it alot!
Nice! !!!!!!!!!!
Love it
I use this app for everything. Really helpful with lowest gas prices and yellow book look ups. Would be better if I could touch addresses and it be linked to my GPS
Excellent app for finding out where things are
It's good!
U can find anything going on near you such as events, closest retuarant and all that :)
Works better now
All in one.. and no clutter as far having too many apps to cover
One of the best apps out there
Love it
Nice...
Love it
Dumb app came on the phone! Its annoying and wish I could uninstall!
I thought I would never use any of the apps that comes with the phone but this is actually pretty handy for movies & local resturants if you are road tripping. I wish it would work with the gps instead of taking me to maps, I can't copy & paste address into nav :(
It came on the phone .... it's useful at times. Don't agree with any app that won't let your phone sleep to conserve battery though!
I know what is all about
Always use it
Its sick
World best
Loving it
Yup
I don't use this as I use Google maps but this was pretty sweet when I a Blackberry.
Great app. Love the reverse address look up.
God for long distance trips.
This is a really helpful app
Sweet
This is my favorite app extremely useful
When I'm bord I can go on this app and see what I can do
It sucks that this stuff is force fed to us...maybe they know, we would delete it?
With gas prices so high this app lets you find the best price.
Been using this since i had a blackberry which was 3 phones ago. I love it!
I use this 4 everything who needs yellow pages
This is one of the best apps i ve hade on my phone cause if u can't  decide where to order or what to watch or need some one to call this is right
This is one of the best apps i ve hade on my phone cause if u can't  decide where to order or what to watch or need some one to call this is right
Every time I change phones this is one of the 1st apps I reinstall on my phone. This is 10x better than YP. Just saying......
Very useful app.
I love this app! It always gives me what I'm looking for
This apparently helps tremendously!
This app is one of the most used on my phone. I don't think I would know what to do without it. MUST GET!!
This app is one of the most used on my phone. I don't think I would know what to do without it. MUST GET!!
Once,i really wanted some type of app that could find things other than the gps, until my sister told me that there was one preload on my phone!
FREAKING LOVE THIS APP. I WAS GOING TO DELETE IT UNTIL I CHECKED IT OUT. LOVE IT
I absolutely love it. That's all I need to say.
I absolutely love it. That's all I need to say.
Great app for getting local info on businesses and general directions. Not to mention movies and more.
Very usefull, easy to use, I would recommend it :)
Very usefull, easy to use, I would recommend it :)
It has came in handy so many times either finding the cheapest gas prices or finding a phone number to a local business. It's a must have!!!
It has came in handy so many times either finding the cheapest gas prices or finding a phone number to a local business. It's a must have!!!
Crazy out of the park!!!!
Had this for and always work. A must have app. So useful when you out and about
Like so far
Use this ap some times it's really helpful when I need it.
This has saved me so much time and gas! It's handy and easy to use to find anyplace I'm looking for.  I use it all the time, no problems. Recommend!
Fooooly
I might use or update if it wasn't what I term "forceware". I feel it's unethical for google to agree to install poynt and photobucket under such absurd terms. Shameful.
This app is a big help, especially if you're out of town in an unfamiliar place
Um wow,
Very useful.
Like this app,  its helfull......
It's all in one been useing it for years 5 star all the way
Title says it all
Best movie app for me tells me everything I need to know!!! Next movie the hunger Games!!:D
I love this app
I love this app
Best thing ever
Easy to use and very useful. Have used for over a year and is beyond handy. A must to have.
Good
Had it on my blackberry loved it now glad to find it for my 4g
Awesome app very useful.
Excellent
Good app
The gas widget stopped working...please fix!!!
Handy must have app!
60 miles are not my current Location..
I love this app and use it often.
Really helpful
Love it
Works great on my HTC AMAZE 4G
Great app
Can't live without this app
This app has every thing I love it say by by gas buddy app and by by the whether app
This app has every thing I love it say by by gas buddy app and by by the whether app
Everyone else may say this is useless and just came with the phone but i love it. Its easier then carrying a phone book around with you! Come on people this is one of my favs  apps!!!
Everyone else may say this is useless and just came with the phone but i love it. Its easier then carrying a phone book around with you! Come on people this is one of my favs  apps!!!
Thank you much.
Love this app,never fails onme
If you are looking for yellow pages for anything, or movie times, restaurants, this is it. With driving directions. So easy. My favorite app by far.
Just love this app!
Had it -loved it -tried to update-wouldn't work-tried to reinstall-will not reinstall- boo
This was the first app I wanted on my new phone! Great app!
Use this App a lot. Great App
I used this app for a few years on my Blackberry and I had to load it on my Droid right away. I use it all the time. It is a must have.
I absolutely love this app!!
Works very good
Very useful..love it...
I travel all over the USA. This had come on handy so many times. Don't need to buy map updates for GPS. Just look out up here and enter address, saves phone battery.  Get this app now.
Great for me on my travel job!
Works fairly well for me, I don't DEPEND on it's accuracy so its still very useful for restaurants n such. Cheap prepaid phone customers should stop complaining about bloatware
Love this app!
Great for finding local businesses of all sorts. Love integration with other phone applications.
Came with my phone. I neither want it nor need it.
Came with my phone. I neither want it nor need it.
Great
My giro app!
Idk
Great app, works great, no complaints.
I love to use it when I'm traveling.
One of the most useful apps on my phone!  Runs perfectly and has multiple features that are so useful
Clean, fast, tightly integrated, EASY TO USE, and  (when used as an app integrated with your calendar/address book / phone etc.) is the best one ~ stop tool I have seen on an Android , BBerry, and i Phone (& our family uses ask of those phones for years)!   Also, I am always telling friends about POYNT and they all come back raving.   What does it do?  If you want to find any business, person, address, concert, movie, restaurant (by type , location etc), watch movie trailers and see reviews, invite pals, ..
This is a must have. Saves me time and money ! While keeping my friends and I entertained, fed, fueled and more wherever we go.
Nice app
Freaking sweet app.
Freaking sweet app.
App
I already have an application like this that also can't delete. So please let us take this off of our phones if we don't want it. Stop forcing this crap on us
Wow! What a surprise! This app came with my phone and I was about to delete it. I checked it out first and it is AWESOME.  Who knew all those different things have been right at my fingertips!  Love it
Quite simply the best app ever...use it constantly on the road to search for people im looking for!
It Rocks!
It Rocks!
Useless bloatware. Can't uninstall. Want this crap off My phone!
Comes in handy for showtimes and restaurants when we are out of town.
Excellent. Use it all the time
I use this app to check gas prices all the time before buying gas. It always seems to show the accurate prices for gas. It also shows the stations closest to wherever I happen to be, great for traveling!
Super Cool ! I always see the weather ! SUPER COOL APP ! :D
Totally awesome, always gets me where I need to go
Good
Like
All I can say if you don't have this app get it. For those who travel or just need to get fast info this is the one.
I love how it tells me whats playin at the movie
It does what it says
My only complaint is the app does freeze at times. Not often but has happened when the app is needed :(
I installed this app for the White Pages component only. Within 5 minutes of use, I could see it was THE BEST!! Puts the WhitePages app to shame.
Most def comes in handy at the rite time
This app has truly come in handy at the perfect moments. When searching for a movie theater, laundry mat, ATM, and gas station!! I'm always on poynt in the right direction!! :)
I have been using this app for years and I use it all the time.
Just brilliant.Works.
MyTouch 4G -2.2.1- T.Mo-Ca. Poynt is one of my Top apps. I have been poynt-ing for approx. two yrs.
It is the best app to have especially in the economic times
Great services
Its okay
This app is great! I use it everyday.
Awesome app really useful
BEST "BLOATWARE" EVER! Came pre-installed on my  CricKet phone, when I left CricKet all I took with me was this app!!! REVERSE PHONE #LOOK UP NEVER FAILS ME! THAT was WORTH IT ALONE for me! The cool events, gas pricing, and movie locator were just icing on the cake!!! WAY TO GO POYNT!!!!
The best hands down
The best hands down
POYNTs you in the right direction.
Never had a problem with it. If I needed to find a place near where  I was at, its always showed me where to go. Love it!
Not sure who search is powered by, but many places missing. Addresses are wrong or incomplete
With high gas prices this app is a life saver.
Great app !
Great app when your in a pinch
Very useful! Has gotten me out of many "situations"-"jams" & "challenges."
Quicker than using Google's map app and gives great results.
I have had this app through 1 bb and 2 android phones. It's worth it just for the very accurate reverse phone lookup but then it does so much more!  It uses very little battery and is a one stop shop for many of your needs. It's ridiculous to rate an app low because it comes pre-loaded; that is the fault of the phone manufacturer not the app.
Why cant I delete this stupid bloatware from my phone?
Get it. Reverse phone number look up worth it alone.
I have used this app on my blackberrieS for years and loved using it. The resources all in one app has always been very useful and helpful. directions to a searched location was always much easier than my google directions. Now on a HTC wildfire. Still doing good. TRUTH.
Beat app ever .....
It was my favorite app on my Blackberry and is now on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  Not sure why so many complaints. Also works great on my two other Android tablets and a Blackberry Playbook.   Please keep up the good work!
Best app ever!!
It works so good on my phone.
Loved it when I had my Blackberry Bold. I use it for everything from gas station prices to directions. Been helpful. Thank you developers foe making it free!
Can get the same info with other apps but with Poynt it is easy to find whatever I'm looking for in one place.  I like the coupons.
I used it on my bb for yrs and for some  reason the weather don't show up on my galaxy s 2
Love it
Apps that came on your phone. So we put a app in a app that has a phone with a app in it that's inside your phone.
I love it. Awesome for movies
LOVE THIS APP!!!!
Great for the night out!
Use often, works great, thanks!
:)
:)
I have had this app on all my phones... wouldn't go without it now... and for everyone who can't uninstall, try rooting your phone
I have had this app on all my phones... wouldn't go without it now... and for everyone who can't uninstall, try rooting your phone
Incredible! Must have app. Thank u developers!
I have used this app in St. Louis, Seattle, Denver and now DC. I love it. Several of my friends use iPhones and this blows those out of the water. GPS is off a couple blocks, but every apl that uses GPS is a bit off. Phone issue, not app.
An utterly stupid app that came pre installed. It freezes, takes up space and does not even work! Cannot imagine anyone voluntarily downloading it
I can't imagine anyone not having this App. POYNT can save your day,  it can be used for business or fun. POYNT is the most useful App. that you could ever download.
Just downloaded it n it keeps force closing
I love it and I use it often!
Use market to uninstall.
Use market to uninstall.
Did everything I wanted it to!
This app is a great app... So whine at your carrier for preloading it on your phone and give credit where it is due!
Use to find movie schedules and find places to get cheap gas! Great app to install and have.
This is good for if u don't know where the nearest gas station/restuarant
I love this app!! I use it all the time for work and personal.   I know people with all different phones that I have recommended it to and it works great.  I have used numerous times while traveling.  Combined with the google maps it is better than the navigation in my Toyota van.
All you people that are b*****ing because of your virgin mobile optimus, first off get a contract phone and you won't have that problem, secondly if you credit sucks or you dunno how to pay your bills on time and can't get a contract phone just root your optimus. Xda developers. Google it.
Still puts you in touch with what you need to make life fun!
Works good does everything I need but seriously another update? Didnt even list whats new n since im happy with the way the app works I will be ignoring this update unless you added something new worth having
Install on every Google device I got!  You gotta love this app!
Wont even come up, I can't even remove it to reinstall it, to try again.
This was the BEST app ever on the Blackberry Market and i am sooooooo glad it is finally available here!!!! Praise Jesus I am good to go once again!!!
Instead of bitching, root your phone and remove it.. problem solved.
Enjoying!!!
Appears to working fine with my Samsung Charge.
I  love it! I use it almost everyday and I have found only one place that Poynt didn't know about.
I had an issue with the data streaming for gas prices, and within 4 hours of me contacting them, rather than whining about it here, they had it fixed. Way to be a champ poynt
Never looked for resturants on htc inspire, always gave me an error.
Very useful.
Very useful and I love making fast reservations or checking out local events on the go.
Awesome! SGS2
Love this app!!
GREAT APP There's nothing I can't find...movies....gas...business..phone..reverse look up...it has it all.!!!  Samsung S2 epic 4g
I contacted support 5 days ago, not a word back. This app use to work very well. Now not so much.
- Don't want it, can't get rid of it.
I rly recommend downloadin it :)
works awesome
Love this app! Especially the reverse lookup by phone so I can find out who texted me if its a random#
Love it
Love it
One of my favorite apps from my old blackberry.
One of my favorite apps from my old blackberry.
Much cleaner UI than others. Does the job well.
Looks up nearby business, restaurants and has a phone book and yellow pages. Connects to maps. Most useful app in my DROID 2
I luv it!!! It really wrk....
I luv it!!! It really wrk....
Extremely useful!
Its so simple to manage
Most used app on my Bionic. I have recommended to all my friends and they use it all the time also.
Great App. Use it all the time when ordering different types of food.
reason you would have smart phone is to have this app. Some people will post negative stuff about anything. And I say to those people "get a life"
Been using for years, works great on D2.
I use it all the time with my Bionic.  These bad reviews are just wrong.
Has worked great for over a year.
I use this app for everything. Its amazing!!! I can find everything o need here and add listings to my contact lists. Gas, movies, activities all in 1
I really like it. Optimus
Excellent app!  Has so many great features and literally "poynts" me to any place I can think of!  I use it all the time.
Great app. Real useful, highly recommended!
This came on my phone and  I don't want it. Now I can't delete it.
This came on my phone and  I don't want it. Now I can't delete it.
I use this daily!
good app
I love this app. I started usong when I had my BB, now it still works great on my droid
This is awesome
Great app.
Highly recommed for when always on the move. Works excellently in detecting nearest businesses. I use SG 2
Best app for finding people and cheap gas!
This isn't worth looking at; I'm considering a new ROM just to get rid of it. What a piece of s... garbage.
Worthless.
Would give 5 stars but sometimes its out of date with events and places like it has listed a few restaurants that dont exist anymore.But still awesome
I dnt knw why there r so many bad reviews. I've had this app since April and its never let me down. Always comes thru for me! Cry Babys!
Great app, love it
Buggy app steals personal info.
One of my fav and most used apps.
One of my fav and most used apps.
The best ___
Great free app. Saved me 13 cents a gallon just by driving  2 exits farther in same direction I was going. The new "Offers" features cool too
Sucks
Would be lost without it...
Use it often to find restaurants when visiting another city; find movies and show times.
App that I can't uninstall!
This is a great app
I use it all the time
I use it all the time
Use it everyday almost!
I LOVE this app!!!!
Ok I guess...not too thrilled...
Outstanding!
It works great and it's very easy to use I love using it I use it almost everyday
Great app,never let's me down.l Love how I can save contacts with 1 click after I look em up...
I love it
Love. It on blackberry love it on android
Awesome app!
Developer thumbs up! Thanks.
don't like it can't uninstall it  suck how do you remove off of  Samsung prevail
Love this app, use it all the time
Poynt is probably the most useful app on my phone! I just downloaded it, but fell in love instantly!
Love it.  If you use public tansport, this is a must have app.  Can see breaks in rain on the radar.
The local restaurants and movies are great. Business search results need to get better though. Searching for big w Melbourne failed to get results
Find telephone numbers fast. Get directions and link to navigation easily.
Find telephone numbers fast. Get directions and link to navigation easily.
Love this app! Easy info on everything!
This app has saved me many times! Super accurate and helpful.
This app has saved me many times! Super accurate and helpful.
This app has saved me many times! Super accurate and helpful.
A great app for finding restaurants, movies, cheap gas et cetera. Very easy to use interface.
Not a fan of the latest update (slow start and weather bug ) Had the app for a year now and recommend it to all.
Not a fan of the latest update (slow start and weather bug ) Had the app for a year now and recommend it to all.
Not a fan of the latest update (slow start and weather bug ) Had the app for a year now and recommend it to all.
Since the update this app can't get my location. I checked and my gps is on.
Very useful!
I love this qpp more that I was able to move it to my sd card.
Always handy!
Awesome
Top 5 Best Apps! Pick an item and this clever app displays exactly what you want, closest first. With phone #, map and web link!  -Goodbye Yellowpages
Awesome
This is a great app. Works very well
I love this APP. I'm bad when it comes to directions. I can find any place, people & ph. No. "I FOUND MY WAY" LOL
:-) gives more than previous version
As good as it was when it was on my BB
The update SUCKS only had 3 choices I could choose from.  No gas no people and a few more. So I uninstalled the update! So I give a 5star again!
Quit crying you paranoid freaks about the permission it is asking for.
Love the Reverse Lookup by Phone!
This app has made my life so much easier. I use it more than any other app I have. LOVE IT!
This app has made my life so much easier. I use it more than any other app I have. LOVE IT!
Been using it since my blackberry 8310 3 years ago and am now still using it. Who cares about permissions from this app! Very trusted and accurate.
Was good until it became incompatible with my Huawei Ascend 2.
The best app of its kind
The access that this app is asking for now is ridiculous... Seeing camera images.  All Contact info.  Screw you... I'll uninstall before i give u that
Love it
Its ok..a lot of the places it takes me to have been out of business but they are still on this app for some reason. Company made comments...
Does what it says in an easy way. Can also find best gas prices around
Love using this app, very useful.  Occationally had battery drain issue but fixable by killing the app.
Great app. Better than many others I've tried
Great app!
Best app out there period!!!!!
I had a blackberry storm prior to my droid and REFUSED to switch until I read they had Poynt. This app is well worth $20 easily, AND ID PAY IT!
Best app ever!
This is a great app. I recommend it to all of my friends
This is a fantastic app does exactly as promised. If u have troubles its your phone or gps not the app. Using this for two years and never dissapoints
Use it all the time. Always good to have. <3
Great app. Can find out just about everything in my area!
Been using for as long as its been available on Blackberry. Even better on Android.
Way faster to locate movies, restaurants etc. Than any app I've used.
Best app ever. Probably use this the most. 1* losers must work for competing app. Easy to use & works as intended.
Works great...g2
I use this app almost daily. My family and friends have come to rely on me to look up numbers to food joints and movie times for them. LOVE LOVE LOVE
Helps looking up people, ton of resources in one spot
This app works great, very helpful, and perfect when travelling. Far better than Bing, and good to have another choice/option other than Places. Ty!
Its a great app!!!
I love this app! Easy to use and accurate.
@ beauty if it was on the phone when you bought the phone you can't uninstall it but it's an ok app
This will come in very handy thimbs up
I have no use for this app I have the gps already and I can't uninstall wasteful space....
Forced to be on my phone. This app sucks.
Forced to be on my phone. This app sucks.
Best mono-social app! Shows u everything around u!  Low on gas? Use poynt! (Distance/prices) Use poynt c what's playing N c it's trailer!
Best mono-social app! Shows u everything around u!  Low on gas? Use poynt! (Distance/prices) Use poynt c what's playing N c it's trailer!
Map accuracy is awful. Most restaurants shown miles from their true locations. Many listings out of business 1, 2, even 5 years! A real disservice!
How do I get rid of this thing!?!? Useless!! Takes up space...
How do I get rid of this thing!?!? Useless!! Takes up space...
Now they have updated it enough that i enjoy using it and very usefull
The accuracy! Has been great on finding best gasoline deals. Doesn't pull up E85 though?
Yet another sleazy app the ignores user permission or lackthereof to update.
Yet another sleazy app the ignores user permission or lackthereof to update.
I love poynt I use it for everything
This has always been a 5 star app. But since the last few updates major battery drain from constant Gps activation on EVO 4g. Please fix.
This has always been a 5 star app. But since the last few updates major battery drain from constant Gps activation on EVO 4g. Please fix.
Good
Love it!! Use it all the time!
Cool
Awsome
One of my favorites, random or semi random restaurant picking is great. Went from app to phone to GPS all seamless. Used in Italy to was cool!
Great app must have?
I install this app on every single phone I get. It comes in handy EVERYWHERE and is soooo easy to use! :)
A very nice app; puts all the important information you need at your fingertips. Keep up the good work!
Greatest app
Installed on ATRIX really useful helps you find businesses close to you and even add it to your contacts with one touch
Awesome app. on Droid X
Very easy to use. Best app on the market.
Very easy to use. Best app on the market.
Works great
Useful app but it keeps accessing GPS even when its not open and kills my battery... until this is fixed I will have to uninstall it
I use this more than any other similar APP for movie showtimes. Simple and functional. Nexus S.
I use this more than any other similar APP for movie showtimes. Simple and functional. Nexus S.
This is so helpful I love it
This has more than Google goggels and yelp movies like flixter works well on droid x
love this app helps me find all the info I need.
Great app use it all the time
One of the best applications. Bug free for the droid x
Love this app! Use it all the time! Thanks!
Great app. Comes in handy!
Best app for any smart phone!
Best app for any smart phone!
Best app for any smart phone!
Whether I'm local or traveling cross country, this is app continues to be invaluable! Works flawlessly!!!
Whether I'm local or traveling cross country, this is app continues to be invaluable! Works flawlessly!!!
I've found everything with Poynt. It is my go-to App to locate just about anything...quickly.
I've found everything with Poynt. It is my go-to App to locate just about anything...quickly.
I've found everything with Poynt. It is my go-to App to locate just about anything...quickly.
This could be the best overall app out there, I use it on a daily basis!
Pretty great app!
I love this app. It keeps me current
App!
Superb app!!
Best app
One of best apps ever.
I use this app ALL THE TIME! I wouldn't leave home without it! It's fast! It's easy! It's accurate! And the layout is beyond user friendly!
Does everything, quickly and efficiently. Love it.
I use it dally!
I really found this site helpful and fun.
Eso see
Fast and useful without any unnecessary fluff. I use it daily
This is a great app! Movie times, yellow pages, weather. I love this app.
This app came pre-installed on my phone and I actually like it! Using VirginMoble Motorola Triumph.
Very useful
It's great to know you can find anything at anytime at any where and app shows you how to get there!!
Love it
First app I download on my new phones
Sucks battery like a vampire sucks blood, even when not in use for days on end. Useful app overall though.
Sucks battery like a vampire sucks blood, even when not in use for days on end. Useful app overall though.
By far the most useful app on my phone. Always works flawlessly, plus its free!
Works as well as did on my bb so no complaints bt no like stuart said only shows selection of cinema films not good enough!
I love it!!!!
One major problem, only shows a selection of what's on at the local cinema!! How can you make a choice without the full list of films on???? Sort it.
Love it!
This is one of the most amazing and useful Apps on my Droid! Has been dead on every time!!!
I use this to find anything and everything, an awesome tool that should come installed on all phones
So far this app it's the best for my Samsung Infuse 4G
One of the most complete apps for today!
Continues to force close. I loved it on my blackberry but not having much luck on my droid
Great app. I use it all the times
Great app. I use it all the times
I use this a lot. It is fast and accurate.
Great app! Use it all the time.
Anyone that travels needs this.
Works great!
Works on my HTC MyTouch as advertised.
Comes in very handy. Works great - DroidX
Im lost with out it!
Im lost with out it!
Im lost with out it!
I like this better than most LBS apps since it seems easier and more accurate.
Love, love, love!!! Couldn't live without this app!!
One of my favorite apps again. GPS issue is fixed, thanks
This app has always been one of the best going back to my Blackberry days.
I love this app. I had it on my blackberry, now I have it on my android. Anything I could need on the go, movies, gas prices, etc.
Helpful with finding dining. Use alot to check movies playing
It's a must have app....does what it says...great resource!!
I love this app I use everyday
Great program
I've used this app for over 4 years from a BB Curve to an Evo 4g and have never had any complaints. It has always been accurate for me. LOVE IT!
Had this for my Blackberry & loved it. Must have app for Android.
Simply, the best! Love it!
Always very handy
Always very handy
Always very handy
Great app
Great app!
Great app!
First and best app I ever downloaded. Wish every app could be so useful and good looking.
I use it nearly everytime I go out. It has always worked well for me.
I think its a wonderfull app. It lists everything in Colorado springs. If it doesn't work in your area you should say where you live.Duh. thanks poynt
LOVE THIS , BEST APP. EVER
Phenomenal.
Phenomenal.
This is amazing -so easy to use we were in th middle of moors & it found us a lvly cafe-highly recommend X10i
This one looks like a winner.
Love it!
Can't function without this ap.
Can't function without this ap.
Great app I love it
What's not to like?
Love it!!!
wrks gr8
Nuff said.
You will get no complaints from me.......ever this app is superb down-right fAnTaStIc even.....hey boo-boo...yeah "yogi " anyway its a GREAT app
This is the best app thank you
Very good. Great design too.
Used to love this app but since latest update its constantly searching GPS and kills my battery life.
This app easily eliminated 4 other apps and puts the Google places app to shame
This find anything I need when I need it. Especially when in unfamiliar areas. Great app ty.
Love it
find everything
Have had Point for 2 years. It just keeps getting better. Deserves its award winning status.
Works good
No problem so far. Have been using this even with my BB before. So glad its on android now - G2x
Great app. Does exactly what it says it does. As a frequent traveler for business, this app is a lifesaver.
You probably have half a dozen apps in your phone that can be replaced by this one app. It's been around quite a while and just keeps getting better. Need to find something? A store or business? Cheap gas? When the movie starts? What's happening tonight? Current weather conditions? Poynt will tell you. Download it now!
Awesome
It's a good app, but redundant with a lot of other apps, Flixster, Places, Yelp, GasBuddy, etc. But doesn't have all their features.
It's a good app, but redundant with a lot of other apps, Flixster, Places, Yelp, GasBuddy, etc. But doesn't have all their features.
I've used this app for a few years and it's my right hand man when I travel. Works great.
I've used this app for a few years and it's my right hand man when I travel. Works great.
I love it! Had on my blackberry and was so excited to see on the droid market. Droid X
I love it! Had on my blackberry and was so excited to see on the droid market. Droid X
Best app on my phone. Never had a problem with it and I use it all the time. Droid X
Best app on my phone. Never had a problem with it and I use it all the time. Droid X
Awesome App! However, just upgraded Captivate to 2.3.3. Didn't work, then un and re-installed it. Works it's awesomeness once again.
Great idea, but any time I click on my gas prices widget it freezes my phone.
Awesome app!
Recent update didn't work for me. App became slow and unresponsive. Uninstalled update and works fine again. Optimus V
I absolutely love this app! Use it all the time!
Great app very useful
I just love this app.I don't think it could get any better .I just moved to Daytona and it let's me know everything I need to know about the area.
Useless, GPS is useless in this app, cannot find gas stations much less prices, cinemas never mind the rest the same inaccurate results. Nexus one
Useless, GPS is useless in this app, cannot find gas stations much less prices, cinemas never mind the rest the same inaccurate results. Nexus one
I'm surprised ppl giving this app 4+ stars, every time I've used this app, its given me wrong or obsolete info. EVO 3D
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Good improvements, was using 63% of my battery so it had to go. They fixed the major issues so I welcome it back on my phone.
Great app for looking for just about everything
Shows listings way outside my set location(manual). It should at least show local first, not mixed. Without apps2sd it's ~4MB. Nice ui.
I has this w blackberry and loved it. Added it to Android.very reliable and works fast.
I has this w blackberry and loved it. Added it to Android.very reliable and works fast.
I has this w blackberry and loved it. Added it to Android.very reliable and works fast.
This app deserves even more stars. Great info, a pretty face too. Had this on my blackberry storm, and hoped it was also on Droid (X). Sweetness!
This app deserves even more stars. Great info, a pretty face too. Had this on my blackberry storm, and hoped it was also on Droid (X). Sweetness!
I like the add to phone book feature
Best app there is. Its a must have since I had my blackberry. Wanna find a restaurant or check what movies are playing, this is the perfect app.
Love this app! Find any/every thing I need all in one place. Poynt takes me right there! Gives me so many options! Finds where I am~always! Love love
Worked great when I have my blackberry storm but dick's on my stupid x...force closes on reverse look up by number
I had a blackberry for 3 years, now a droid, this was always the most useful app, i use it almost daily.
I had a blackberry for 3 years, now a droid, this was always the most useful app, i use it almost daily.
I had a blackberry for 3 years, now a droid, this was always the most useful app, i use it almost daily.
Easy to use and a life saver when looking for a gas pump in the middle of nowhere on a long trip.
Easy to use and a life saver when looking for a gas pump in the middle of nowhere on a long trip.
Amazing app, worth keeping!
This app is so great... it even let's you get the real names & locations of the escorts on Craigslist & Backpage!! Winning!! :P
This app is so great... it even let's you get the real names & locations of the escorts on Craigslist & Backpage!! Winning!! :P
Awesome app. Use it all the time. Love the yellow pages on it then you can get directions from Google maps turn by turn.
Awesome app. Use it all the time. Love the yellow pages on it then you can get directions from Google maps turn by turn.
I absolutely love poynt. I had it on my Blackberry and it was a must have for my EVO. You will like this app.
I absolutely love poynt. I had it on my Blackberry and it was a must have for my EVO. You will like this app.
I absolutely love poynt. I had it on my Blackberry and it was a must have for my EVO. You will like this app.
Great app. Love gettin the cheapest gas in town or wherever I am. RECOMMENDED
Great app. Love gettin the cheapest gas in town or wherever I am. RECOMMENDED
This is one app that I use with complete confidence and accuracy on a daily basis. Lovin' it.
This is one app that I use with complete confidence and accuracy on a daily basis. Lovin' it.
This is one app that I use with complete confidence and accuracy on a daily basis. Lovin' it.
This is one app that I use with complete confidence and accuracy on a daily basis. Lovin' it.
This is one app that I use with complete confidence and accuracy on a daily basis. Lovin' it.
I loved this app on my blackberry and I really love it on my DROID Pro! My Best App!!
I mainly use it for movies and it always saves me time in my search for others locations also. Great app!
The last update was bad. Force close on start up. I uninstalled it and re-installed the latest version and it works.
The last update was bad. Force close on start up. I uninstalled it and re-installed the latest version and it works.
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
I'd be lost without it. I travel a lot, and also moved to a new state. It finds what I need!
The program doesn't seem to be able to my location for stations nearby. Atrix 4g
The program doesn't seem to be able to my location for stations nearby. Atrix 4g
Very handy use it all the time to find numbers movies and best gas prices
Very handy use it all the time to find numbers movies and best gas prices
Make version without ads please
Very good.loads of useful features. My only complaint is there isn't an ad-free version.
Very good.loads of useful features. My only complaint is there isn't an ad-free version.
Great app, would be even better if we could get gas pricing here in Canada as well. Motorola Atrix 4g.
Had this on my blackberry and it was great. Not so great on Evo shift 4g.
Had this on my blackberry and it was great. Not so great on Evo shift 4g.
Tamika. This app is fantastic!! I use it all the time specially when I want to be spontaneous
Tamika. This app is fantastic!! I use it all the time specially when I want to be spontaneous
App is excellent. It works with GPS to locate a restaurant or club near your hotel. Other Apps make claims and I tried them all, they suck.
If theres an app to get its this one. So many options! I went to new york city, didnt fail me once! GREAT APP!!!
found this app when i had my bb tour and still use it on my droid 2....few numbers havent een updated for some businesses but overall i've had good luck... and its great when looking for cheap gas these days
One of the best apps I have. Does everything it says. Wish all apps worked this good. Droid Aria
Does everything it is suppose to, but won't allow me to look at images.
Was on a long trip, point, stalled on a town for the entire trip saying that's where we were, never would update any other town.
Reverse phone number lookup doesn't work on the HTC EVO. It gives a error message every time where you have to force it close. That sucks
Reverse phone number lookup doesn't work on the HTC EVO. It gives a error message every time where you have to force it close. That sucks
Reverse phone number lookup doesn't work on the HTC EVO. It gives a error message every time where you have to force it close. That sucks
I love this, it negates the need for so many other apps! Give a try if you like to find cheapest gas available, movie showtimes & ticket cost. Sweet!
I love this, it negates the need for so many other apps! Give a try if you like to find cheapest gas available, movie showtimes & ticket cost. Sweet!
I love this, it negates the need for so many other apps! Give a try if you like to find cheapest gas available, movie showtimes & ticket cost. Sweet!
I love this, it negates the need for so many other apps! Give a try if you like to find cheapest gas available, movie showtimes & ticket cost. Sweet!
This app is the bomb. I have used it for 5 months and have nevet been disapointed. Gas prices are always accurate. Its great.
Best most useful app ever! great for vacation! Cant believe it even has the price of gas at each station!
You can not complain about it not letting you share with Facebook... Facebook this, Facebook that, I hope you know everyone on Facebook lost idenities
What an awesome app. Would be great if you put reviews for the restaurants other than that perfect HTC evo
Need to be able to send information to u about what places r incorrect....especially restaurants and businesses
Need to be able to send information to u about what places r incorrect....especially restaurants and businesses
Was the best app out there for finding places.... But seems to be limited now. While there isn't a replacement.. It would be nice if more places
Was the best app out there for finding places.... But seems to be limited now. While there isn't a replacement.. It would be nice if more places
Was the best app out there for finding places.... But seems to be limited now. While there isn't a replacement.. It would be nice if more places
I really like it especially the gas widget. That widget fails and you have to uninstall and reinstall to get it back very frustrating.
I really like it especially the gas widget. That widget fails and you have to uninstall and reinstall to get it back very frustrating.
Force closes every time I try to look up someone's number, but other than that great! HTC Hero
Great app! Would be nice if there was a link to the respective websites when applicable. Otherwise very good.
I use this all the time great program used on blackberry and htc desire recommend highly
This has always been a very useful app for me. Whether it was BlackBerry then, or Android now, Point has saved me gas money :)
I love it. Makes it really nice for when me and my girl want to go out
Best app for everything. I have used it for 2 yrs now and have never had a problem. And the award goes to Poynt!!!!!
Best app for everything. I have used it for 2 yrs now and have never had a problem. And the award goes to Poynt!!!!!
Best app for everything. I have used it for 2 yrs now and have never had a problem. And the award goes to Poynt!!!!!
Best app for everything. I have used it for 2 yrs now and have never had a problem. And the award goes to Poynt!!!!!
I have had this app for a while now. I use it all the time on my Droid X. I wish it turned GPS on automatically but maybe I just overlooked that setti
I have had this app for a while now. I use it all the time on my Droid X. I wish it turned GPS on automatically but maybe I just overlooked that setti
I have had this app for a while now. I use it all the time on my Droid X. I wish it turned GPS on automatically but maybe I just overlooked that setti
Love it!!!It works great I can search for any place get number or driving instructions 2get there,it also saves the info on my contact list if I want.
Samsung Epic - I use it for the movie show times. It works great. Also weather is accurate. Some business listings are out of date or inaccurate.
Samsung Epic - I use it for the movie show times. It works great. Also weather is accurate. Some business listings are out of date or inaccurate.
Samsung Epic - I use it for the movie show times. It works great. Also weather is accurate. Some business listings are out of date or inaccurate.
Love this app had it on my old blackberry now i use it on my epic. Its my go to app for movie showings
Love this app had it on my old blackberry now i use it on my epic. Its my go to app for movie showings
Love this app had it on my old blackberry now i use it on my epic. Its my go to app for movie showings
Great app. Gas price problems must depend on what area you live in because it works great where I live! A++++
Adware crap. search for best gas prices, it gives a screen full of unrelated junk. Once you scroll past that, you see that it didn't list the nearest
Nearest events were 30miles away and it destroyed my battery life. Not really worth it imo
Good for looking up places to eat or certain places of interest. Terrible reverse phone and person lookup.
Used it to find a place to eat. That worked great but when I used it to call the restaraunt it called someones house :\
Used it to find a place to eat. That worked great but when I used it to call the restaraunt it called someones house :\
This is my most used app. When I am at a place I am not familiar with, I use this baby to search for restaurants, gas stations, etc. Highly recommende
This is my most used app. When I am at a place I am not familiar with, I use this baby to search for restaurants, gas stations, etc. Highly recommende
I love poynt wouldnt give it up 4 da world had it since Ihad my blackberry
Did not find any events. Just ads for business. Gives wrong resturaunt locations and phone numbers. Uninstall
We used this app to find a breakfast restaurant when we were on vacation and it was the best breakfast i've ever had! Highly reccommended!
I use this app all the time to look up phone numbers, and get directions! also very convenient when i want to see a movie, I can look up what's playin
Thank you, Thank you, THANK YOU I've missed you like y'all have no idea -EVO
Works so good. It replaced a couple of my apps, :) I wish it had hotels :o
One of the best apps on the market, that is if you live in a city.. A must have! HTC Evo
Love to use for local gas prices. I wish it had a refresh option though because sometimes the gps picks up my old location.
Seems like they fixed the problem with poynt finding phone numbers..now it works just fine just like before..
Seems like they fixed the problem with poynt finding phone numbers..now it works just fine just like before..
Seems like they fixed the problem with poynt finding phone numbers..now it works just fine just like before..
It's slow, it doesn't get my location right, and it doesn't get the locations right
Wonderful app for my (HTC Desire) android phone!! Love it.... Thank you. Some people need institutions on how to boil water. Lol....
Just ok. Listings can be old and not accurate and there's no way to report them.
This app works as expected no complaints.
unfortunately almost every search contes back w/inaccurate out of date info. Wrong numbers, closed businesses etc :( mytouch4g
unfortunately almost every search contes back w/inaccurate out of date info. Wrong numbers, closed businesses etc :( mytouch4g
I use this app daily, find cheap gas, movie times, look up phone numbers. Great app!
Great app! Very updated on my phone, I dunno what everyone else is saying about it being outdated! The best apps all in one!
Great app! Very updated on my phone, I dunno what everyone else is saying about it being outdated! The best apps all in one!
This thing is so outdated it's practically worthless. Brings up places that have been closed for years! Uninstalled
Started out good but then once u close the app it can't seem to find my location. Haven't had issue with yelp.
Great app. Ok some listings have changed names, but it works very well. Even google has wrong names for places on the beach! Love it!
Useless. Conquest is not a location for fuel. Even listed outside of the "recommend sites." Uninstalled.
Useless. Conquest is not a location for fuel. Even listed outside of the "recommend sites." Uninstalled.
Would be five stars if there were gas prices for Canada. Otherwise I love this app. Even better on Android than it was on my BB!
Would be five stars if there were gas prices for Canada. Otherwise I love this app. Even better on Android than it was on my BB!
POYNT iz frickin' AWESOME!! The app saves me tons of time on da fly. Please keep up d GREAT work!!
POYNT iz frickin' AWESOME!! The app saves me tons of time on da fly. Please keep up d GREAT work!!
I loved it on my blackberry but wish the reverse lookup was availible on the call log screen
I loved it on my blackberry but wish the reverse lookup was availible on the call log screen
Great app on my droid X, found cheep gas, saw movie clips, and decided where to eat all in one app. Also helped with not having so many apps running.
Only have used it for gas prices and its always accurate...love it! All the other stuff not interested..EVO 4G
Only have used it for gas prices and its always accurate...love it! All the other stuff not interested..EVO 4G
Poynt is really helpful whenever I need to locate businesses such as restaurants and movie theaters. I really like this app, and I use it everytime.
Poynt is really helpful whenever I need to locate businesses such as restaurants and movie theaters. I really like this app, and I use it everytime.
Poynt is really helpful whenever I need to locate businesses such as restaurants and movie theaters. I really like this app, and I use it everytime.
How orignal, slap interface and pull data from citysearch,opentable,gas buddy and white pages.
How orignal, slap interface and pull data from citysearch,opentable,gas buddy and white pages.
Google maps is you already know where you're going. This is you know what you want to do, but not sure of where you can do it. This comes before.
Excellent app :) Great for when I'm away from home. Very stable and pretty accurate. A+++
Excellent app :) Great for when I'm away from home. Very stable and pretty accurate. A+++
Excellent app :) Great for when I'm away from home. Very stable and pretty accurate. A+++
Great app. Works fast and is easy to use. Never freezes. Let's you enter location manually too.
Works good wish it could connect to gps so my "current location" was actually my current location
Works good wish it could connect to gps so my "current location" was actually my current location
Use this almost daily. Love that is does several useful apps all in one. Great for finding things while traveling too. The BEST.
liked but disappeared everytime I turned off phone needs lots of fixes apparently ...sadly ...
liked but disappeared everytime I turned off phone needs lots of fixes apparently ...sadly ...
liked but disappeared everytime I turned off phone needs lots of fixes apparently ...sadly ...
liked but disappeared everytime I turned off phone needs lots of fixes apparently ...sadly ...
I can't give it less than 5 because its free and a all around useful app... needs to update locations of places more frequently though
Use this app for everything! Love that I can find the best price on gas without having to drive around.
User friendly. Gives good information. Loads very fast, could be the 3g.'Poynt'=point, name is creative.
User friendly. Gives good information. Loads very fast, could be the 3g.'Poynt'=point, name is creative.
Doesn't connect to WiFi but connects to 3G. Never had that problem with any other app before. Sounds like it is a common problem based on the comments
Doesn't connect to WiFi but connects to 3G. Never had that problem with any other app before. Sounds like it is a common problem based on the comments
Doesn't connect to WiFi but connects to 3G. Never had that problem with any other app before. Sounds like it is a common problem based on the comments
Used on BB, now on HTC Desire S. Great app, used mainly for movie times etc. No issues.
Loved this app on my HTC incredible, terrible on my Thunderbolt! Force closes every time I try to check movie times! Please fix!!
Loved this app on my HTC incredible, terrible on my Thunderbolt! Force closes every time I try to check movie times! Please fix!!
Very good app, close to replacing several apps Ui is genius for finding stuff compared to yellow book.
Very good app, close to replacing several apps Ui is genius for finding stuff compared to yellow book.
Very good app, close to replacing several apps Ui is genius for finding stuff compared to yellow book.
Wi-Fi is on, GPS enabled but says "We are unable to reach the server at this time. Verify your internet connection and try again" evertime I try looking for something near me. Also keeps saying "Connection reset by peer" while on home screen but nothing changes. Tested this on the BB and was actually quite good, obviously doesn't work for Android. Uninstalling on HTC Wildfire.
Love this app especially when looking for CHEAP gas prices. Very up to date info.
This is great. Love it! Shows Local gas stations local restaurants locally events and people finder Directory is great.
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Used to love it....now it's very fickle. Sometimes it wants to help me search the area ¶ want, sometimes it's just obssessed w/Pittsburgh
Works great! Its my go-to app to find a number or a movie time! T-mobile g2
Works well! Happy with overall performance but, takes a little bit to find location!
Excellant! Always use it on vacations! Only had 1 mishap, but only because streets were confusing. Highly recommend! Samsung Epic
Restaurant & reviews are not up to date. Went to 2 locations to find they were closed. Uninstall!
I use to have the app when I had a blackberry and I've missed it. I just saw it today and knew I had to download it. Its a great app to have
I use to have the app when I had a blackberry and I've missed it. I just saw it today and knew I had to download it. Its a great app to have
This app is the bomb. I have used it for a long time &is super fast on the evo
This app is the bomb. I have used it for a long time &is super fast on the evo
One of the best apps I have used...maybe THE best!! Used it on my Curve, my Tour, and now on my Evo.
Great app for finding food, gas, movie times and businesses. Having a problem trying to add results to my droid x contact list...
Great app for finding food, gas, movie times and businesses. Having a problem trying to add results to my droid x contact list...
This thing is freaking awesome, must have, can plan a family vacation with a few taps (HTC Thunderbolt)
Nice app but movie app keeps foreclosing everytime I open it on TBolt fix it please !!!
Nice app but movie app keeps foreclosing everytime I open it on TBolt fix it please !!!
Nice app but movie app keeps foreclosing everytime I open it on TBolt fix it please !!!
Great app helped me find a place to fix my flat tire in a new city
Great app for figuring out what the wife and I want to do on date night
Love it! Thought it was great on BB so I looked for it when I moved into Droid. Enjoy ease of use. Rely on accurate information. Thank you!
One word...amazing!! This app is everything u need for finding something to do nearby.
I love this App! It was on my blackberry bold and now my Evo. The great part is how you cans save the phone number to your contacts.
I love this App! It was on my blackberry bold and now my Evo. The great part is how you cans save the phone number to your contacts.
This app has been so useful to me, that I sent it to myself from my Blackberry when I got my HTC.
This app has been so useful to me, that I sent it to myself from my Blackberry when I got my HTC.
In south jersey shore area, did search and results for philly. Search again results for ohio then mississippi. WTF? Cant find my location. Poyntless
In south jersey shore area, did search and results for philly. Search again results for ohio then mississippi. WTF? Cant find my location. Poyntless
In south jersey shore area, did search and results for philly. Search again results for ohio then mississippi. WTF? Cant find my location. Poyntless
In south jersey shore area, did search and results for philly. Search again results for ohio then mississippi. WTF? Cant find my location. Poyntless
Overall its a straight app, but the the actual distance is not correct and the same can be said about some of the business listing
This is the best app that you can get, I love it and recommend it to everyone. and everyone loves this as much as I do. This is the must have.
This is the best app that you can get, I love it and recommend it to everyone. and everyone loves this as much as I do. This is the must have.
1st app I had to get once I switched from a blackberry because it rocks on that platform therefore it's a must on this Dell Streak too.
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Had it for about a month. Not always current. Some restaurants closed, or not really eateries at all. Meh...
Only movies,bsness,restaurnts work in australia,would give five if everything works.
Pure failure on HTC evo I was trying to use it las Vegas and it never worked on my evo but worked well on my girls epic
Pure failure on HTC evo I was trying to use it las Vegas and it never worked on my evo but worked well on my girls epic
Pure failure on HTC evo I was trying to use it las Vegas and it never worked on my evo but worked well on my girls epic
Pure failure on HTC evo I was trying to use it las Vegas and it never worked on my evo but worked well on my girls epic
Ok app. Not great. The restaurant reviews are not helpful at all. Would be better if connected to Yelp.
Great concept, well executed. Not fully effective for Australians but still handy with movies. Directory not so accurate/up-to-date
Great app! Gas is not all the time accurate!! But it's an excellent app grrreat job
Love this app!!! Been using it since it first came out for BB. First app I downloaded on my Thunderbolt.
Love this app!!! Been using it since it first came out for BB. First app I downloaded on my Thunderbolt.
Not able to connect to server is da message I am getting. It was a great app wen it worked.
This app is great & very usefull. It comes in very handy with all searches thank you Sprint .HTC EVO
This app is great & very usefull. It comes in very handy with all searches thank you Sprint .HTC EVO
This app is great & very usefull. It comes in very handy with all searches thank you Sprint .HTC EVO
This app is great & very usefull. It comes in very handy with all searches thank you Sprint .HTC EVO
Used on BB and now Evo. Great ap still. Some restaurants are out of business. Other wise perfect. I like new graphics but ask 4 2 much info. JC
Used on BB and now Evo. Great ap still. Some restaurants are out of business. Other wise perfect. I like new graphics but ask 4 2 much info. JC
Needs more work. Interface for fuel doesn't work properly if you have multiple fuel type needs...one car for gas, other for diesel.
Love it. Dex who? This app is the finder of finders also works with your google maps to help find where you want to go.
Excellent, Excellent, Excellent! Got it during my weekend get away to San Antonio and it worked great!
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
It keeps force closing on my huawei ascend. It world great wen i was in OK. Now that I'm in Illinois it doesn't work period. Wtf?!
Intetresting interface but the information for my home location is quite out of date. Several listed restsaurants have been out of business for years
Intetresting interface but the information for my home location is quite out of date. Several listed restsaurants have been out of business for years
Best feature is movies and gas station look up but this app is incredible over all.
Many restaurants that are miles apart are mapped to the same wrong spot out in the middle of nowhere.... Useless
I've been using it for 2 years now ( on BB first) and is still the best.
Great app! Always room for improvement though (i.e., saved searches, force closes) samsung gal s
Great app! Always room for improvement though (i.e., saved searches, force closes) samsung gal s
It gives me ideas for songs and artist I forgot and picking favorites insures playing songs you like best, I love it.
It gives me ideas for songs and artist I forgot and picking favorites insures playing songs you like best, I love it.
Love it! Very useful. Gas prices aren't always up to date, but I can live with that.
Love it! Very useful. Gas prices aren't always up to date, but I can live with that.
Love it! Very useful. Gas prices aren't always up to date, but I can live with that.
This is the best app for local numbers and businesses on android, by far. You will not be disappointed. Kelly Wuebker
This is the best app for local numbers and businesses on android, by far. You will not be disappointed. Kelly Wuebker
This is the best app for local numbers and businesses on android, by far. You will not be disappointed. Kelly Wuebker
I have waiting for poynt on android for a year best app today everyday user on bb now everyday on evo
I have waiting for poynt on android for a year best app today everyday user on bb now everyday on evo
Favorite app on BB. Just as rad on EVO 2.2 "Where" and "Yelp" never know where YOU are. This finds you and more. Just what you're looking for.
Favorite app on BB. Just as rad on EVO 2.2 "Where" and "Yelp" never know where YOU are. This finds you and more. Just what you're looking for.
Favorite app on BB. Just as rad on EVO 2.2 "Where" and "Yelp" never know where YOU are. This finds you and more. Just what you're looking for.
Favorite app on BB. Just as rad on EVO 2.2 "Where" and "Yelp" never know where YOU are. This finds you and more. Just what you're looking for.
Favorite app on BB. Just as rad on EVO 2.2 "Where" and "Yelp" never know where YOU are. This finds you and more. Just what you're looking for.
One of those must have apps. That I will always want in all my phones.
Love the concept, but not sure I trust their listings yet. My local recs are all places I would never eat at, while the good ones aren't listed.
I have not yet used Poynt, so I will change my review later. I was unable to change the number of stars to zero.
@Tom, Arnold, Matthew and so many more, you're all gay. Read the description. Dont give low ratings just because you have low rated intelligence.
This little app is very useful, not just for restaurants or movies. I found a feed store I was looking for too! Must have from now on for me.
Has yo directory/gas finder and contacts all in 1. Not to mention other things love it..
wow. no https standard when entering credit card nfo for purchase?? that should be criminal......be careful folks FAIL!!
I love it. It's accurate. But I wish the gas prices would show ethanol free or not :( please try and fix that :) :) thanks highly recommend app
I liked it on my BB and absolutely love it on my EVO! This is a must have!!
I liked it on my BB and absolutely love it on my EVO! This is a must have!!
I liked it on my BB and absolutely love it on my EVO! This is a must have!!
Was great on bb. It also force closes on my samsung moment. Dev please fix. Thanks.
Was great on bb. It also force closes on my samsung moment. Dev please fix. Thanks.
Was great on bb. It also force closes on my samsung moment. Dev please fix. Thanks.
Was great on bb. It also force closes on my samsung moment. Dev please fix. Thanks.
"Where" doesn't have anything on Poynt!!!! Best blackberry app ever. Happy it made it to android!!!!
"Where" doesn't have anything on Poynt!!!! Best blackberry app ever. Happy it made it to android!!!!
"Where" doesn't have anything on Poynt!!!! Best blackberry app ever. Happy it made it to android!!!!
"Where" doesn't have anything on Poynt!!!! Best blackberry app ever. Happy it made it to android!!!!
Seeing that I can order movie tickets and watch trailers for that specific movie is awesome!
Seeing that I can order movie tickets and watch trailers for that specific movie is awesome!
Seeing that I can order movie tickets and watch trailers for that specific movie is awesome!
Seeing that I can order movie tickets and watch trailers for that specific movie is awesome!
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Just downloaded, and I can already say I love this app! Extremely useful and easy to use! Thanks alot -Droid X-
Poynt is used often on my phone. If its out there, youre gonnna find it on Poynt!
Poynt is used often on my phone. If its out there, youre gonnna find it on Poynt!
Poynt is used often on my phone. If its out there, youre gonnna find it on Poynt!
Poynt is used often on my phone. If its out there, youre gonnna find it on Poynt!
Poynt is used often on my phone. If its out there, youre gonnna find it on Poynt!
Used a couple times.. verry satisfied with it so far.. only gave it 4 stars cause I haven't used enough to see all its pro's and con's
Used a couple times.. verry satisfied with it so far.. only gave it 4 stars cause I haven't used enough to see all its pro's and con's
Used a couple times.. verry satisfied with it so far.. only gave it 4 stars cause I haven't used enough to see all its pro's and con's
Used a couple times.. verry satisfied with it so far.. only gave it 4 stars cause I haven't used enough to see all its pro's and con's
Used a couple times.. verry satisfied with it so far.. only gave it 4 stars cause I haven't used enough to see all its pro's and con's
Love this app. Works great and saves me money. Its an awsome app for finding gas stations with the best prices anywhere you are!
App looked like it would be awesome but for some reason it cant seem to find my gps or wifi location when both are in fact functioning correctly.
App looked like it would be awesome but for some reason it cant seem to find my gps or wifi location when both are in fact functioning correctly.
Great app. Haven't found a single drawback, and especially appreciate gas cost comparison right now.
Seemed to be cause of seriously slowing My droid x speed evan got much better after removal but not 100%
Downloaded from the app store awhile ago but didn't use it until now, what have I been missing!!! This app rocks. Quick and easy, and a must have.
Downloaded from the app store awhile ago but didn't use it until now, what have I been missing!!! This app rocks. Quick and easy, and a must have.
Downloaded from the app store awhile ago but didn't use it until now, what have I been missing!!! This app rocks. Quick and easy, and a must have.
Love this app you have everything in one app, movie, food tickets, and gas, don't look anywhere else this is the app you want.
Love this app you have everything in one app, movie, food tickets, and gas, don't look anywhere else this is the app you want.
Great! Was jealous of my wifes Storm 2 for this alone.... Very handy when we go out of town.
Great! Was jealous of my wifes Storm 2 for this alone.... Very handy when we go out of town.
Great! Was jealous of my wifes Storm 2 for this alone.... Very handy when we go out of town.
I love this app. It actually brings up the places close to my location no matter the category. Great work!
It works great after there recent update. Great app, a must have. Droid 2 global.
Had problems with force closes when using reverse look up but now its working for me. Gave 5 stars.Epic 4G
This app is super useful! I tell all my friends because you can literally find ANYTHING you need
OK, but Places is better. I don't want a hundred elementary schools when trying to browse venues. Tie to navigation seems clunky.Uninstalled.
Can not believe this is free.. Love it! use it all the time on the captivate.
Can not believe this is free.. Love it! use it all the time on the captivate.
Can not believe this is free.. Love it! use it all the time on the captivate.
This app is great! Helped me find so many stores I needed to go to and the movie widget is breathtaking.
This app is great! Helped me find so many stores I needed to go to and the movie widget is breathtaking.
I use this app almost constantly! Especially when travelling. Went from a blackberry to a Droid incredible and so happy app was avail on Droid!
has been working pretty good for me :) especially on gas prices though I wish it had a built in gps in it. might so if it does I haven't found out yet
has been working pretty good for me :) especially on gas prices though I wish it had a built in gps in it. might so if it does I haven't found out yet
Replaced Google Maps with this. Footprint is smaller & can make some purchases directly through it. Hope it keeps working.
Replaced Google Maps with this. Footprint is smaller & can make some purchases directly through it. Hope it keeps working.
Had Poynt for 2 yrs. Let's u SAVE CONTACT directly to ur contact with one button push, while searching.Google search doesn't do this.
Greatest app on the market! If I don't have anything to do I look up events near by And go check it out!
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
So far so good. I like being able to look up people and businesses. It's like having a phone book.
I love this app. I'm clueless when driving and finding places in the area especially when I'm out of town. This app is a life saver!
I love this app. I'm clueless when driving and finding places in the area especially when I'm out of town. This app is a life saver!
My favorite App, had it on my BB & been dying for it on my G2...although Im not sure where its saving when I ask it to save to contacts. Please help!
My favorite App, had it on my BB & been dying for it on my G2...although Im not sure where its saving when I ask it to save to contacts. Please help!
My favorite App, had it on my BB & been dying for it on my G2...although Im not sure where its saving when I ask it to save to contacts. Please help!
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Nice app., but it will not let u delete previous searches and leaves the name of ur search on the heading.
Reverse phone doesn't fc anymore, but now it won't list any names with the phone number. What's the point of RL if u can't know who's number it is...
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
Saved me some time def. I loved it on my blackberry and had to have it on my android. First thing i download for people!
Very very well thought out app. The integration with other features of the phone and online services is extremely impressive.
Very very well thought out app. The integration with other features of the phone and online services is extremely impressive.
Great app for when your lost and need a number or address to a store or restaurant. I always look up my movies with it.
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
I loved Poynt on the BlackBerry and I was thrilled when it came to Android. One of the features that I appreciate the most - aside from locating business contact information - is being able to easily save the contact information to my phone's address book. I also like that I can access navigation from within the app (via the map application.)
I can officially let go of my blackberry. I haven't even used this app on the droid but I know that it is awesome! THANK YOU! The android app!
I had this app on my BB tour and I loved it! glad to see it on the android market and it works great on my htc hero 2.1!
Doesn't share via face book for Nexus One. Begins to open web browser then closes it and goes back to poynt program.
Doesn't share via face book for Nexus One. Begins to open web browser then closes it and goes back to poynt program.
Awesome app! Wish u could text movie times or events. Other than pretty cool app. Easy to.change location. Gas prices pretty accurate
Program works wonders other than this one small problem. They will fix it soon I am sure..
Program works wonders other than this one small problem. They will fix it soon I am sure..
Program works wonders other than this one small problem. They will fix it soon I am sure..
Was my favorite app on my blackberry, but it now force closes everytime I reverse lookup. Please fix lg optimus s.
I use this app all of the time. Love it. Wish there was a way to see business hours without having to manually use the browser to find their website.
I personally don't know what I ever did without this app in my life. I cannot make it thru a week without finding a need to go into this app. Great!
This is the perfect app for just finding places none of that other useless data.
Would be give if it didn't force close in reverse phone lookup. Fix it please! Galaxy S
This app helped me find a bunch of restaurmts and different concerts and concert venues that I never even heard of. Great app Droid X
As others have said, it keeps force closing in reverse lookup. Cricket Huawei Ascend.
This app is simply amazing..droid X..tried reversed search and no FC or any other error..user friendly and fast..5/5
This app is simply amazing..droid X..tried reversed search and no FC or any other error..user friendly and fast..5/5
THE best app iv downloaded, its flawless. Iv never had a problem with it gps on it is amazing
Love it on my Samsung Captivate (Froyo)!
Omg!!! By far one of the best apps on here! Very user friendly! Just amazing
Omg!!! By far one of the best apps on here! Very user friendly! Just amazing
Omg!!! By far one of the best apps on here! Very user friendly! Just amazing
This was my fav app on my blackberry. I loved! Doesn't wrk as good on the charm(Tmobile) but im very satisfied.
This was my fav app on my blackberry. I loved! Doesn't wrk as good on the charm(Tmobile) but im very satisfied.
The program runs very smoothly, however, new addresses are not updated to the database.
Glad to find it on my droid.I loved it on my blackberry and I love it now !
Usefull app, I use it every day. Wish there weren't so many force closes. LG Optimus
This app is purely the shi*. Does exactly what it says it does works great on my Sprint Evo 4G
Wish that reverse phone number worked with my DROID2 like it did on my Blackberry.
Wish that reverse phone number worked with my DROID2 like it did on my Blackberry.
Wish that reverse phone number worked with my DROID2 like it did on my Blackberry.
Awesome app! It actually knows whats going on in my extremely small town. Best app I've ever downloaded!
Awesome app! It actually knows whats going on in my extremely small town. Best app I've ever downloaded!
Honestly its the most useful app ever!! Finding events and movie times is so easy and it helps find restraunts so easy!! Must have app
The best all in one app but needs global reverse number lookup for android. BB has this and its a great feature
The best all in one app but needs global reverse number lookup for android. BB has this and its a great feature
Very nice app but was missing new (9 months old) local theater, not as up to date as fandango
Reverse lookup by phone number force closes all the time. Otherwise great app. Please fix.
Good to see Poynt on Droid. Very good App. Would give better rating of all functionality worked. Adding to calendar doesn't work. Droid X. 2.2.1
Well it was working bad for my Android it keep saying I'm in north carolina when I'm not
really good app. would recommend to friends. mostly useful for its gas prices and events. other than that, it does what a few other apps do.
really good app. would recommend to friends. mostly useful for its gas prices and events. other than that, it does what a few other apps do.
The greatest app ever made, very powerful, so helpful. Nice work. If I could only pick 1 app to install, this is it
The greatest app ever made, very powerful, so helpful. Nice work. If I could only pick 1 app to install, this is it
What's happened to the reverse phone look-up? Did work; won't now. Using og droid w/ 2.2.1
Free app! Reverse lookup by phone number, people search by name and geoloc, and many other features... Truely a MUST HAVE!
Force closes on every attempt to use reverse phone number search. Would be 5 stars if fixed
One of the most useful app it's very good and very accurate. Ty to the developer.
One of the best apps I have used, works great and finds stuff locally I never knew existed
love it! easy to use. I travel alot and this helps me find everything I need locally
love it! easy to use. I travel alot and this helps me find everything I need locally
Learned to love this app on a blackberry and switched to droid x. Still works great and I use it often...
Learned to love this app on a blackberry and switched to droid x. Still works great and I use it often...
This is a great app. I use it all the time to find gas stations and local businesses. I wish I could buy movies right from this app.
Horrible,does nor have right temperature,right restraunts,right events, right gas stations,etc............My Touch 3G UNINSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This app is great. Finds my location instantly, shows weather, gas prices, and businesses nearby. My one-stop shop for searching things in my area.
Like most of the app but force closes everytime I try to reverse phone# droid x
It was a awesome app once upon a time...now It's pure trash force close every time I use
It was a awesome app once upon a time...now It's pure trash force close every time I use
POYNT is as near essential as any app might be. If it used Gas Buddy for gas prices, it would be perfect. For every thing else, Poynt is perfect.
Best location based search tool for those who travel near and far. First and only app I've recommended.
Best location based search tool for those who travel near and far. First and only app I've recommended.
One of the coolest apps I've downloaded, it does everything and works great Evo 4g
Love this app. Saves me from directory call charges. Very helpful when out of town too.
Closes every time I do a reverse phone number. Did ok until I updated it
Closes every time I do a reverse phone number. Did ok until I updated it
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
Stupid force closes on reverse phone lookup. Fix this please. Would love it aside from dumb glitches. Droid2. Works so much better on a blackberry!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
I love it!!! I had it on my blackberry & it was the first app I downloaded on my droidx!!
Great app! Super helpful, easy to use...sort of a one stop shop for gas, food, entertainment and more.
Great app! Super helpful, easy to use...sort of a one stop shop for gas, food, entertainment and more.
i think the movie widget should be adjustable for what you want it to tell you instead of the gross $ or whatever. maybe the rating or something else.
i think the movie widget should be adjustable for what you want it to tell you instead of the gross $ or whatever. maybe the rating or something else.
Fun app Great for finding random stuff Would be five stars but the gas prices widget goes to the in program search rather than station info fix plz
Fun app Great for finding random stuff Would be five stars but the gas prices widget goes to the in program search rather than station info fix plz
Fun app Great for finding random stuff Would be five stars but the gas prices widget goes to the in program search rather than station info fix plz
All the info I was looking for fast! Off a POI I was looking around ton of info and help doing what I want! Gas cheap, movie times and tix, nice!
All the info I was looking for fast! Off a POI I was looking around ton of info and help doing what I want! Gas cheap, movie times and tix, nice!
All the info I was looking for fast! Off a POI I was looking around ton of info and help doing what I want! Gas cheap, movie times and tix, nice!
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
Used to love this app on my blackberry. So glad it finally came to Android
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
Has been a great app until recent update. Now force closes with reverse number look up.
Force close on htc evo. Was a good app on my black berry, not so good on evo.
Force close on htc evo. Was a good app on my black berry, not so good on evo.
This app is great! It's like 6 or 7 apps on one! Hands down my new fave!!
Very helpful. Usually these kinds of apps dknt have info for my location but I'm pleasantly surprised that Poynt does.
Very helpful. Usually these kinds of apps dknt have info for my location but I'm pleasantly surprised that Poynt does.
Program is great with one exception. The reverse phone book force closed the program on my droid x.
Kept kicking me back a couple of screens, or completely out. Uninstall, reinstall - Evo.
There are little glitches in it, it defaults to the home screen in the app. Last straw was where it wouldn't find a place I found thru Google
The only reason I kept my much hated bb bold was this app. Now its on Android, my phone is complete!
The only reason I kept my much hated bb bold was this app. Now its on Android, my phone is complete!
The only reason I kept my much hated bb bold was this app. Now its on Android, my phone is complete!
The only reason I kept my much hated bb bold was this app. Now its on Android, my phone is complete!
Just loaded app & its kool. I think I'm gonna a new best app :) Evo
Better UI than GasBuddy and a lot more options too OGDroid
I love poynt! It helped me replace opentable, yp, plus added many new features! Keep it up!
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Poynt does exactly what it says i have been using it for about 2 yrs and love it, works great on Droid and Berry.
Great app. I use it all the time, does the work of several others. No issues running it. Droid X
Great gas app. I use this daily. I believe this is better than my navigation system.
Great gas app. I use this daily. I believe this is better than my navigation system.
Can not use on my Droid, force closses every time. This was my favorite app for my blackberry.
Can not use on my Droid, force closses every time. This was my favorite app for my blackberry.
Can not use on my Droid, force closses every time. This was my favorite app for my blackberry.
I love it. I check what movies are playing and restaurants. Wish it had restaurants hours and food menus to make it the perfect app. Droid X
Used to be just a good app. Then they added gasprices and now it is a fantastic app!
Used to be just a good app. Then they added gasprices and now it is a fantastic app!
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
♥♥FANTASTIC♥♥& dev addresses ur issues immediately▶added APP2SD install option 4 froyo immediately after my email request●THANX●LUV APP SO MUCH!!
Would be five stars but locations are way off. Telling me something is six miles away when it's actually 10: big problem.
5 out of the 6 main searches are very useful and convenient. But, Restaurant listings and reviews are very outdated (yelp is better for this).
This little application is absolutely awesome! It is incredibly handy and not just for those who travel a lot. It's also great for local use.
The search yields only a few good results but also many that are irrelavent and the location was way off
The best ever, was a must on my BB, so happy to have on my EVO
The best ever, was a must on my BB, so happy to have on my EVO
The best ever, was a must on my BB, so happy to have on my EVO
Not much use in UK as several parts of the app don't work, might as well just stick with google which isn't region specific....you need to fix this to make it viable.
This app is an excellent resource. I can find gas at the best price, movies and what time they start and the closest resturants. Great app!
This app is an excellent resource. I can find gas at the best price, movies and what time they start and the closest resturants. Great app!
This app is an excellent resource. I can find gas at the best price, movies and what time they start and the closest resturants. Great app!
This app is an excellent resource. I can find gas at the best price, movies and what time they start and the closest resturants. Great app!
I love this application!!! It was especially great while we were on vacation. Very highly recommended!
Pretty good app, but it'd be better if you could search events by type (music, plays, etc.)
Like it, but how about custom categories so I can define my front screen tabs? With just 3 its too limited as is. Poyntless demo video. IGMC. DesireHD
Can only get businesses, movies and restaurants but I already have apps that do these better.... disappointed!!!
Glad I found this, was the most used app on my blackberry, now on my droid! 10 apps in 1.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
This app does a lot of awesome things, I can't wait to use it when i go out of town to find places to eat fast.
Love the app. Great for movies dinner and finding businesses.unbelievably quick loading.uninstalled my movie apps this does the job of 3apps.awesome:)
Love the app. Great for movies dinner and finding businesses.unbelievably quick loading.uninstalled my movie apps this does the job of 3apps.awesome:)
Love the app. Great for movies dinner and finding businesses.unbelievably quick loading.uninstalled my movie apps this does the job of 3apps.awesome:)
Love the app. Great for movies dinner and finding businesses.unbelievably quick loading.uninstalled my movie apps this does the job of 3apps.awesome:)
This is one of the few apps that is worth it. It multifunctions smoothly and actually makes life easier. EVO 4G
This is one of the few apps that is worth it. It multifunctions smoothly and actually makes life easier. EVO 4G
This is one of the few apps that is worth it. It multifunctions smoothly and actually makes life easier. EVO 4G
Finally! I've been waiting for this to come to Android. It blows yelp and where out of the water.
So glad came to android had on my blackberry and loved it saved me so much on 411 calls
Installed yelp, flickster, and all the other reference apps, this is all in one a must have.
Installed yelp, flickster, and all the other reference apps, this is all in one a must have.
Installed yelp, flickster, and all the other reference apps, this is all in one a must have.
Installed yelp, flickster, and all the other reference apps, this is all in one a must have.
SO GLAD TO SEE POYNT ON ANDROID! I USED THIS APP EVERYDAY ON MY BB STORM 2 AND HAVE MISSED IT SINCE CHANGING TO ANDROID.
SO GLAD TO SEE POYNT ON ANDROID! I USED THIS APP EVERYDAY ON MY BB STORM 2 AND HAVE MISSED IT SINCE CHANGING TO ANDROID.
SO GLAD TO SEE POYNT ON ANDROID! I USED THIS APP EVERYDAY ON MY BB STORM 2 AND HAVE MISSED IT SINCE CHANGING TO ANDROID.
SO GLAD TO SEE POYNT ON ANDROID! I USED THIS APP EVERYDAY ON MY BB STORM 2 AND HAVE MISSED IT SINCE CHANGING TO ANDROID.
This application does not knowo pcworld, currys, but Google does. I searched for currys and got some Indian restaurants'. Galaxy S Froyo, London
Great for numbers that you don't know. You can use reverse look up and it tells u where the call came especially if ur avoiding bill collectors! LOL
Of course it uses a lot of battery....it has gps enabled and constant internet connectivity, what do you expect?
Decent concerning movies, but took me to three consecutive gas stations that weren't in existence any longer.
Decent concerning movies, but took me to three consecutive gas stations that weren't in existence any longer.
Great app! Graphics are clean and very user friendly. Combines the best of Maps, area information, Movies by flixster, and artist and music info.
Great app! Graphics are clean and very user friendly. Combines the best of Maps, area information, Movies by flixster, and artist and music info.
Had this on my old BB Storm and happy to see it on the droid. Great app.
Had this on my old BB Storm and happy to see it on the droid. Great app.
Had this on my old BB Storm and happy to see it on the droid. Great app.
Had this on my old BB Storm and happy to see it on the droid. Great app.
Had this on my old BB Storm and happy to see it on the droid. Great app.
I used this app on my blackberry and so glad its finally available on android! Awesome app!
I've used this app for some time now and has always been pleased with the service.
I've used this app for some time now and has always been pleased with the service.
I've used this app for some time now and has always been pleased with the service.
This is an incredible app! Easy to use and really helps if you can't decide on something to do.
First app i looked for when i came to android, was invaluable on my berry, and still is on my droid now.
Was by far my most used app on BlackBerry and now its on Android! Still the best app of its kind.
Was by far my most used app on BlackBerry and now its on Android! Still the best app of its kind.
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
This is Wilco @ Poynt. Some users have expressed concern about our privacy settings. For info on our settings, please read the updated App description
Doesn't support my country (China) or my home country presently (India); so my star rating is relative!
Doesn't support my country (China) or my home country presently (India); so my star rating is relative!
Had this on my blackberry bold and now on my G2 awesome app and it works great
This app replaced: SuperPages, Flixster Movies, and yelp... its the best all in one... ESPECIALLY SINCE ITS FREE!!
I have used poynt on my previous blackberry and now on my HTC. It literally never fails me! I live in the city so I use it as my little GPS
I use this app all the time. Never had a problem with it. Recommended for everyone because its so easy to use.
I use this app all the time. Never had a problem with it. Recommended for everyone because its so easy to use.
I use this app all the time. Never had a problem with it. Recommended for everyone because its so easy to use.
Cant seen to get the weather feature where I live now! Apart from that not bad
Mileage to destination can be way off. Lists restaurants closed 4 years ago. Unreliable
Mileage to destination can be way off. Lists restaurants closed 4 years ago. Unreliable
Was surprised. Much better than current version of "Where" which used to be top dog, IMHO.
Love this app!! Had it on my bb so of course I've got it on my Droid incredible..I have no need for a phone book n e more!! Fabulous
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
Its good but your widget needs to take less space as 4x3 application spaces is alot. And it don't locate my local cinema just the ones outside of town
I absolutely love this app. I had it on BB and was waiting for it to come to Android. Love it
Love it! Tends to be slow w. Less than ideal service but otherwise leaps and bounds better than a typical search engine or yellowpages.
Love it! Tends to be slow w. Less than ideal service but otherwise leaps and bounds better than a typical search engine or yellowpages.
Love it! Tends to be slow w. Less than ideal service but otherwise leaps and bounds better than a typical search engine or yellowpages.
Awesome application... Practical and runs perfectly! Gives updated information... Continuum
Awesome application. Works perfect with my Droid X. Love the reverse look up, gas price check and the movie finder. Highly recommend.
Awesome application. Works perfect with my Droid X. Love the reverse look up, gas price check and the movie finder. Highly recommend.
Its been great to look up restaurants, and other business', and than get navigation.
Was one of my favorite apps on BB. Works pretty good on my Droid 2, but sometimes can't connect to network when on 3g
Was one of my favorite apps on BB. Works pretty good on my Droid 2, but sometimes can't connect to network when on 3g
This is a great app for my samsung epic. Does everything ties into my other apps. And allowed me to get rid of some apps
This is a great app for my samsung epic. Does everything ties into my other apps. And allowed me to get rid of some apps
This is a great app for my samsung epic. Does everything ties into my other apps. And allowed me to get rid of some apps
This is a great app for my samsung epic. Does everything ties into my other apps. And allowed me to get rid of some apps
This will be a great app but in the UK many of its features do not work.
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
Very useful app. The widget would be more helpful of it listed gas stations rather than movie show times. HTC Desire.
Does everything my Droid can do already. Nice interface and good for those that want something like this.
Does everything my Droid can do already. Nice interface and good for those that want something like this.
Finally. Forget yelp or good food or those others. This had the best results I've seen
I use this everyday! Syncs well with my navigation programs. Never had a problem with it.
Just installed it, seems to b good so far, but some of restaurants are closed down.
Just installed it, seems to b good so far, but some of restaurants are closed down.
Its the absolute BEST way to navigate for store locations, gas prices, and a LOT more. I can't imagine not having a this app!
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
Worked amazing on my blackberry smart but constantly forcecloses on my Android--please fix b/c i loved this app!
I luv this app. I only wish it had the "Save To Contacts" feature like the Blackberry version of this app.
I luv this app. I only wish it had the "Save To Contacts" feature like the Blackberry version of this app.
I luv this app. I only wish it had the "Save To Contacts" feature like the Blackberry version of this app.
Loved this app on my old bb, still love it on my incredible! Use it constantly at work (in an auto parts dept). It's been indispensable; love it!
Loved this app on my old bb, still love it on my incredible! Use it constantly at work (in an auto parts dept). It's been indispensable; love it!
My favorite app! So handy and quick! Makes looking up a number, movie, or finding lunch simple!
My gps and my navigable navigating system is corregible with this lately adjustment
My gps and my navigable navigating system is corregible with this lately adjustment
I like the app but with my GPS on and I look for things nearby it gives me results 15 away and shows them as a half mile away. Anyone know how to fix?
I like the app but with my GPS on and I look for things nearby it gives me results 15 away and shows them as a half mile away. Anyone know how to fix?
Great app. Intuitive and smooth. Not sure about how accurate or up to date it is though. For ex. It still says beaners instead of bigby etc.
Great app. Intuitive and smooth. Not sure about how accurate or up to date it is though. For ex. It still says beaners instead of bigby etc.
Great app. Intuitive and smooth. Not sure about how accurate or up to date it is though. For ex. It still says beaners instead of bigby etc.
Great app. Intuitive and smooth. Not sure about how accurate or up to date it is though. For ex. It still says beaners instead of bigby etc.
Great app. Intuitive and smooth. Not sure about how accurate or up to date it is though. For ex. It still says beaners instead of bigby etc.
Great app. Intuitive and smooth. Not sure about how accurate or up to date it is though. For ex. It still says beaners instead of bigby etc.
One of the most usefull apps I've got great and has helped me out when I been looking for something in a hugh hurry with no time to waste. A must have
I use to love it but now it fore closes!!! Even though i updated it and still fore closes!
I use to love it but now it fore closes!!! Even though i updated it and still fore closes!
Awesome app. Loved it on my Blackberry and love it even more on my Droid
Use it all the time for movies, business, restaurants. Used it for years and it only gets better. Great app, no problems at all. Droid.
Use it all the time for movies, business, restaurants. Used it for years and it only gets better. Great app, no problems at all. Droid.
Use it all the time for movies, business, restaurants. Used it for years and it only gets better. Great app, no problems at all. Droid.
are you see you this app on my blackberry and now it's on my android and I love it
are you see you this app on my blackberry and now it's on my android and I love it
are you see you this app on my blackberry and now it's on my android and I love it
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
Best pratical app ever. Use it all the time. Love it!!! Been using for yrs. On BB. Moved too Android. N so happy to find my # 1 APP. HIGHLY RECOMEMD
Dev posting fake reviews to keep them on top. MALWARE in update: Read website "We now collect your emails, loc, addresses, phone numb for marketing."
Dev posting fake reviews to keep them on top. MALWARE in update: Read website "We now collect your emails, loc, addresses, phone numb for marketing."
Love this app! Has been extremely helpful in numerous situations. Never had even a hint of a problem. Motorola X
Read privacy on their website. Even if you withdrawl your info, they can still keep it and use it. Niceeeee.
Works better than white pages! Love it but i can't figure out how it sends my personal info??
The app for looking up people movies places resturants this is a need to have app
I loved this app on my blackberry and I love it on my aria I don't need 411 or a phone book on the go
I loved this app on my blackberry and I love it on my aria I don't need 411 or a phone book on the go
The most versatile location based tool I have ever used. I recommend it for everyone.
The most versatile location based tool I have ever used. I recommend it for everyone.
The most versatile location based tool I have ever used. I recommend it for everyone.
The most versatile location based tool I have ever used. I recommend it for everyone.
Would be nice of I.could reverse lookup a number from my call list instead of opening the app and.manually typing in the number
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
I loved this app when I used to have a blackberry not it's finally on android and it's my most used app
Desktop icon needs to be updated to high-res & needs shadow behind it. A great app needs an up to par icon. This is not blackberry. Get w/ the program
Desktop icon needs to be updated to high-res & needs shadow behind it. A great app needs an up to par icon. This is not blackberry. Get w/ the program
Why does this app need access to my contacts and personal info? Privacy violation big time !!!
Why does this app need access to my contacts and personal info? Privacy violation big time !!!
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
Loved this app on my Tour!!! But I have issue with reverse look up feature for unwanted/unknown numbers w/Evo... it could be my error plz advise ...
one of the best apps ever...very useful, its definitely a must have highly recommended¡!¡!
one of the best apps ever...very useful, its definitely a must have highly recommended¡!¡!
Absolutely need this if you need accurate info of a place you need to find
Absolutely need this if you need accurate info of a place you need to find
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Love it... doesn't drain your battery like where and does exactly the same thing :) evo
Loved it on blackberry and even more on android. Starting to work better than google places. Always finds more of what I'm looking for than places.
Loved it on blackberry and even more on android. Starting to work better than google places. Always finds more of what I'm looking for than places.
Loved it on blackberry and even more on android. Starting to work better than google places. Always finds more of what I'm looking for than places.
Not that thrilled. Basically a front for SuperPages. Nearby businesses were miles away but closer ones weren't shown.
Not that thrilled. Basically a front for SuperPages. Nearby businesses were miles away but closer ones weren't shown.
Nice alternative to google places. Streamlined. Has option to add to contacts on my EVO though I get a weird message.
Great app, very useful, although it isn't always 100% accurate with gas prices. 4 stars...HTC wildfire
I loved this on my Blackberry so it was a must on my Droid X!
This one is great. I travel a lot and shows me everything close to me. Fast, easy, user friendly without a "force close". Samsung mesmerize.
Loved this for my Bb wish it did the same. Now it is useless to me too bad. I used it everyday before. Now uninstalled.
Works great & very useful but gps stays on sometimes and I have to force close! Please fix!!!!! Otherwise 5 stars
Works great & very useful but gps stays on sometimes and I have to force close! Please fix!!!!! Otherwise 5 stars
One of my favorite all around apps. Works well. Could use some graphic improvements.
One of my favorite all around apps. Works well. Could use some graphic improvements.
One of my favorite all around apps. Works well. Could use some graphic improvements.
One of my favorite all around apps. Works well. Could use some graphic improvements.
I thought it only worked on blackberry. So you can emagine how excited I was to put it on he droid!!
I thought it only worked on blackberry. So you can emagine how excited I was to put it on he droid!!
Love this app!! Used it with my blackberry and now use it on my driod!!! A must have!!!
It used to be my favorite apparently on blackberry but slow and laggy on vibrant I'll wait for an update
It used to be my favorite apparently on blackberry but slow and laggy on vibrant I'll wait for an update
It used to be my favorite apparently on blackberry but slow and laggy on vibrant I'll wait for an update
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
I like this app. Lots of info available in a concise user friendly format. If the data is updated often, this app will be hard to top.
Use it daily. Funky fresh app will all the cold crush grooves. Movies are dope.
Use it daily. Funky fresh app will all the cold crush grooves. Movies are dope.
I had this on the blackberry and it rocks!!! I only ask that you please add the reverse lookup from the call log
Loved this app when I had my blackberry. Now I can enjoy it on my HTC EVO as well. AWESOME!
Best app available, hands down. Why can't you send your current position to people though?
The greatest app especially when using it beside google maps!!! I use this app daily. I had it on bb and now on lg optimus s!
The greatest app especially when using it beside google maps!!! I use this app daily. I had it on bb and now on lg optimus s!
The greatest app especially when using it beside google maps!!! I use this app daily. I had it on bb and now on lg optimus s!
The greatest app especially when using it beside google maps!!! I use this app daily. I had it on bb and now on lg optimus s!
The greatest app especially when using it beside google maps!!! I use this app daily. I had it on bb and now on lg optimus s!
Finally a replacement for the lacking WHERE app that I have been looking for! I recomend to all looking for a new app after WHERE went down the tubes
Loved it on my blackberry and u now love it even more on my fascinate
Excellent app. I use it all the time for movie times, restaurant numbers and all the it can do fo searching.
Had this on my bb b4, app still rocks on Android as well. Highly recommended. Tmobile g2
Am so glad they added it to Android i had it on my blackberry and I LOVE IT!!!!!!
Am so glad they added it to Android i had it on my blackberry and I LOVE IT!!!!!!
This is an amazing app! Works great! Was a little better on my BB Curve 9700, but, still an awesome app! A must have!!!
This is an amazing app! Works great! Was a little better on my BB Curve 9700, but, still an awesome app! A must have!!!
Love this program. Seemed a bit better on my BB Storm, but love on Incredible too.
Love this program. Seemed a bit better on my BB Storm, but love on Incredible too.
Love this program. Seemed a bit better on my BB Storm, but love on Incredible too.
Love this program. Seemed a bit better on my BB Storm, but love on Incredible too.
Love this program. Seemed a bit better on my BB Storm, but love on Incredible too.
I have been using. Poynt for about 2yrs. On a bb, great app and just keeps getting better.
Great app on Droid and Blackberry. Very good for getting phone numbers for individuals and businesses.
Great app on Droid and Blackberry. Very good for getting phone numbers for individuals and businesses.
This was my most used app on my BB Storm. It was the first one I looked for when I got a Droid X. Perfect.
I absolutely love this app! Always my one stop so for finding out contact and movie info. I had it on my blackberry and now I'm installing it on EVO.
I absolutely love this app! Always my one stop so for finding out contact and movie info. I had it on my blackberry and now I'm installing it on EVO.
I absolutely love this app! Always my one stop so for finding out contact and movie info. I had it on my blackberry and now I'm installing it on EVO.
Its great and its available to at anytime with everything u need at the palm of your hands!!!
I love, love, love this app! I previously had it onmy Blackberry and I'm amazed that it runs great on both systems. It's like having six applications!
I love, love, love this app! I previously had it onmy Blackberry and I'm amazed that it runs great on both systems. It's like having six applications!
I love, love, love this app! I previously had it onmy Blackberry and I'm amazed that it runs great on both systems. It's like having six applications!
Had this on my Blackberry and loved it. So glad I can have it for my Droid too! Love reverse number look up. So many great features
Love the new udate! Was amongst best apps on my old bb and am loving it again. Droid X.
I love this app!! I'm able to locate resturants in areas unfamilar to me and not get lost!
Love the app, just wish I could add cinema film time to calendar, like on the blackberry edition.... Samsung Spica
Awesome app, I use to it on my blackberry. Glad to see it on android market. I highly recommend.
Worst app ever! Crashed my HTC Evo, absolute trash! It cant ever find my location so app is pointless.
Worst app ever! Crashed my HTC Evo, absolute trash! It cant ever find my location so app is pointless.
Worst app ever! Crashed my HTC Evo, absolute trash! It cant ever find my location so app is pointless.
Love this app. Had it on my blackerry, excited to see it available for the smartphone.
Must Have App for the Traveler, Dining out or Planning an Evening out. idigitalclic Tip! Great for last minute decisions.
Would not use gps to update my location after the first time I ran it. Sticking with Google Maps
Went to two different places listed on Poynt, both were closed and opened under different names. Data needs to be updated.
Went to two different places listed on Poynt, both were closed and opened under different names. Data needs to be updated.
I WILL NOT RATE 5 STARS UNTIL YOU EXIT UPON CLOSE OF PROGRAM. GPS CONTINUES TO RUN UNTIL I FORCE STOP!!! FIX THIS OR I WILL UNINSTALL.
Awesome app! I can see it on my droid facination. Could not see it on my bb pearl.
Awesome app! I can see it on my droid facination. Could not see it on my bb pearl.
I had poynt in my blackberry, now in my galaxy S, very nice app. Thanks
I had poynt in my blackberry, now in my galaxy S, very nice app. Thanks
Who knew such a powerful application came from Calgary? Keep up the good work guys! Love this app on my Android even more than I did on my BB :)
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
This is a go to app for me on a regular basis. Very nice and incredibly user friendly.
Omg!! Like whoever is like the Creator of the app should like be my man! Lol jk
Ignore my last comment... im glad the update came!!! 5 stars. Best app of its kind! EVO~
Ignore my last comment... im glad the update came!!! 5 stars. Best app of its kind! EVO~
Gotta say, it's pretty good. Not sure why you need access to my contacts, shall be removing if it's not removed at some point as I don't see the point
excellent were too app. Dose FC often but there dosent seem to be any other of its type in the market. Works ok with my Desire
I think this is a great app for location services...if they would add Yelp would be almost perfect. Was happy to see it on Android after having my BB
I like the BB version were you can do a reverse lookup from the call log.
I like the BB version were you can do a reverse lookup from the call log.
I like the BB version were you can do a reverse lookup from the call log.
I like the BB version were you can do a reverse lookup from the call log.
I loved this app on blackberry I loved it when it came to iPhone now its here great app
Havent even used the app yet and i already love it because its not aroundme
Havent even used the app yet and i already love it because its not aroundme
Havent even used the app yet and i already love it because its not aroundme
Havent even used the app yet and i already love it because its not aroundme
App works wonders finding what you need. I love how it integrates with navigator. You don't need anything else but this.
Easiest app of this type that I have found. I use it all the time.
Easiest app of this type that I have found. I use it all the time.
Easiest app of this type that I have found. I use it all the time.
Easiest app of this type that I have found. I use it all the time.
Love it. Use it all the time for restaurants and shopping.live in a large metro area and it's very helpful!
I love this app its quick and easy to use it works great on my android!! =)
Very good app. It does a lot of different things. It saves me a lot of time
Very good app. It does a lot of different things. It saves me a lot of time
Very good app. It does a lot of different things. It saves me a lot of time
I had this on a few of my blackberries. Poynt & Evo a match made in heaven!!!
I had this on a few of my blackberries. Poynt & Evo a match made in heaven!!!
I had this on a few of my blackberries. Poynt & Evo a match made in heaven!!!
I had this on a few of my blackberries. Poynt & Evo a match made in heaven!!!
I had this on a few of my blackberries. Poynt & Evo a match made in heaven!!!
Loved this on my bb. Glad to have it on the Evo. Works fine so far and even without gps found my exact location.
Loved this on my bb. Glad to have it on the Evo. Works fine so far and even without gps found my exact location.
Loved this on my bb. Glad to have it on the Evo. Works fine so far and even without gps found my exact location.
Switched my Blackberry for a Galaxy and immediately searched for this app. Extremely cool and very useful. A definite must have.
I had this app on my bb. It took hella mem but refused to get rid of it. Switched to the vibrant u know I had to add it. Love this app, a must have.
I had this app on my bb. It took hella mem but refused to get rid of it. Switched to the vibrant u know I had to add it. Love this app, a must have.
This is one of the best apps you can have on a phone. Had this on my blackberry, now use it on my droid x. Works wonders in unfamiliar cities.
This is one of the best apps you can have on a phone. Had this on my blackberry, now use it on my droid x. Works wonders in unfamiliar cities.
This is one of the best apps you can have on a phone. Had this on my blackberry, now use it on my droid x. Works wonders in unfamiliar cities.
Movie and gas lookup are great, the rest not so much. Small footprint compared to Yelp, and Where
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
App needs some GPS updates. Looked up used record store & found out it had been closed for 15 years! Otherwise, its the same as blackberries version.
So glad to have this App for my Droid Incredible & it works perfectly only BETTER than it did on my BlackBerry.
So glad to have this App for my Droid Incredible & it works perfectly only BETTER than it did on my BlackBerry.
So glad to have this App for my Droid Incredible & it works perfectly only BETTER than it did on my BlackBerry.
I was so happy when I saw this app in the droid market. I had missed it when gave up my black berry.
I was so happy when I saw this app in the droid market. I had missed it when gave up my black berry.
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
Where is point? That's what the "where" app is asking! Cause POINT is by far the leader! Better than my BB version!
This app was better on my BB. No reverse lookup option direct from the call screen on the droid X. Still good for movies though.
This app was better on my BB. No reverse lookup option direct from the call screen on the droid X. Still good for movies though.
This app was better on my BB. No reverse lookup option direct from the call screen on the droid X. Still good for movies though.
This app was better on my BB. No reverse lookup option direct from the call screen on the droid X. Still good for movies though.
I never leave home without this, there are plenty of apps that can look things up but this is just so darned easy on my Incredible
I never leave home without this, there are plenty of apps that can look things up but this is just so darned easy on my Incredible
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
I LOVED this app on my BB but the force closes on the android version happen too much. Every time I open it it force closes
This was cool on my BB but now it's just looks old. Doesn't even compare to Yelp or Where.
i used to use this program daily on my bb tour and its nice to finally have this on android. Works perfect on moment, much better app then "where"
Best business finding app out there. Loved it on my tour now love it on my droid x. Way better than the places app that was on my phone
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
Fantastic App, I've been waiting a year for this to come to Android. Loved it on my blackberry!
This is the app I've been waiting for. Biggest complaint is it took too long. Hope they keep on top of updates for android.
This is the app I've been waiting for. Biggest complaint is it took too long. Hope they keep on top of updates for android.
This is the app I've been waiting for. Biggest complaint is it took too long. Hope they keep on top of updates for android.
This is the app I've been waiting for. Biggest complaint is it took too long. Hope they keep on top of updates for android.
Didn't give accurate theaters available. Missed Century theaters near our house, was wondering if it only shows theaters which sponsors this software
Loved this app on my Blackberry and was psyched to see it was available for my new Droid 2.
Loved it on storm 2, but have issues with my new incredible. Hope they get the Droid version fixed!
Needs local news. WHERE, has a leg up on the competition. Sorry but uninstalling till local news is integrated into this application.
It was a must have on the blackberry but not so much with the super phones that we have now! Still love it though.
Poynt was a bright spot back in my dark BB Storm days. Now that Poynt has gone Droid my sunny HTC Incredible days just got even brighter! Woo-hoo!
Do u unthankful complainers remember how much it cost u 2 ask an operater 4 a phone # Please b nice. This is free. Kat
I'm so excited to have this app! It was my fave on my BB! So much better than Where which I will probably uninstall
I'm so excited to have this app! It was my fave on my BB! So much better than Where which I will probably uninstall
No different from my blackberry and I love that! Easiest app in my opinion because it's not cluttered with anything unnecessary.
Nice app but force closes the first time you open it. It does work when you reopen.
Nice app but force closes the first time you open it. It does work when you reopen.
Nice app but force closes the first time you open it. It does work when you reopen.
Glad I could get this for Android, was one of my most used Blackberry app. I wish the movie trailors were high quailty video though
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
I had it on my blackberry and loved it. Glad to see it on my droid.
Love it!,was my favorite app on BB. Don't give low rating if you have a problem, drop them an email or tweet them,it works!
I loved this application on my bb but it wont work properly on my droid x. Always forces close when trying to use the map.
Loved it on Blackberry, now I love it on my Droid! Great App. I use it daily!
Loved it on Blackberry, now I love it on my Droid! Great App. I use it daily!
Loved it on Blackberry, now I love it on my Droid! Great App. I use it daily!
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
I loved this app for BlackBerry so I know im gonna love it for Android, as long as the gps doesnt crap out again. USCC ~ Haxsung Acclaim
Recently switched from Blackberry to HTC Desire. So glad this is available. I use it several times a a day.
Had this on my BB and used it all the time. Fantastic app. Thanks for making it for Android. Evo froyo
Had this on my BB and used it all the time. Fantastic app. Thanks for making it for Android. Evo froyo
Had this on my BB and used it all the time. Fantastic app. Thanks for making it for Android. Evo froyo
Waited forever to get this app. Had it on Blackberry and it was my favorite. Thanks for coming over to the Android platform!
Couldn't wait to get this app. I had it on my BB and love it on my X
Couldn't wait to get this app. I had it on my BB and love it on my X
Couldn't wait to get this app. I had it on my BB and love it on my X
Was great on BB. FC every time on motor Droid 2.2. Can't use. Too bad. Will keep and wait for update. Devs please fix.
I loved this on my bb storm but it force closes everytime on my droid
I loved this on my bb storm but it force closes everytime on my droid
This program was the only thing I missed about my blackberry. Its a must have!!
This program was the only thing I missed about my blackberry. Its a must have!!
Absolute must have! Even moreso for previous BlackBerry owners like myself. Five stars! For the record, I'm using a Droid2.
FINALLY!!! I've been waiting for this app since I swapped out my Blackberry for the Droid. I love this app!
The #1 local search app have been using for years on my BB's glad it's on Android! Acclaim 2.1
I used this app all the time on my bb curve. Now I can use it on My EVO 4G all the time.
I used this app all the time on my bb curve. Now I can use it on My EVO 4G all the time.
I used this app all the time on my bb curve. Now I can use it on My EVO 4G all the time.
My favorite of the "finder" apps that I know about. The one thing that upsets me about this app, is that when you open the map feature, the app resets
I think it's one of those app that is a must have. I had it on my blackberry, and now that I have the Droid, I am loading it as well!
I think it's one of those app that is a must have. I had it on my blackberry, and now that I have the Droid, I am loading it as well!
Love this app. Have to admit though i only use it to check movie times but it works great for that.
I love Poynt! So useful and user friendly! Been waiting to have it back since switching from my blackberry!
The listing are outdated, tried it to find a car dealership to replace lost keys and it took me to a dealership that'd been closed for years
The listing are outdated, tried it to find a car dealership to replace lost keys and it took me to a dealership that'd been closed for years
Great app! Used it when I had my blackberry, now I'm happy its available for Android
Great app! Used it when I had my blackberry, now I'm happy its available for Android
Frigen awesome app. Only one contention, people that are selected through people search, under the top drop down list, will not delete.
Frigen awesome app. Only one contention, people that are selected through people search, under the top drop down list, will not delete.
I have been waiting for this to come to the Android market. Love this application. It has saved me more than a few times.
Finally... Poynt for my Evo... Loved poynt for my BB... Deleting YP and all the other crap....
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
This was the most used app on my Blackberry and most likely will be on my Droid X as well.
Brilliant. Slightly less user friendly as the Bberry version but still good and so useful, particularly for cinema
It is the Poynt that I have always enjoyed. Thanks! So easy to use too.
Glad It's on android too now. Just needs to be refined to make it as good as the poynt I know and love on blackberry.
Glad It's on android too now. Just needs to be refined to make it as good as the poynt I know and love on blackberry.
Had it my BB storm and have really missed it. It's awesome. Find a place and then it will sync up with the maps and send you to it. Perfect!!
Had it my BB storm and have really missed it. It's awesome. Find a place and then it will sync up with the maps and send you to it. Perfect!!
Had it my BB storm and have really missed it. It's awesome. Find a place and then it will sync up with the maps and send you to it. Perfect!!
I really like this app compared to where and yelp. Would be 5 stars but when I select "map" it reverts back to main screen. Droid X.
I really like this app compared to where and yelp. Would be 5 stars but when I select "map" it reverts back to main screen. Droid X.
Best app on my old bb. Seems to freeze when selecting map on my droid x though.
Best app on my old bb. Seems to freeze when selecting map on my droid x though.
I loved this program on my BBerry and was bummed when it wasn't on Android-great thing to have this on the best platform! PERFECT!
I loved this program on my BBerry and was bummed when it wasn't on Android-great thing to have this on the best platform! PERFECT!
Great app had on my BB now have on Droid and it has more functionality.
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Can't purchase movie tickets at all theaters, has some stuff Yelp misses. I highly recommend this with Yelp!
Used to love this on my BB. But it crashes when opening Maps on Droid X.
Nothing better than this. Had this on my blackberry......finally on Droid! Thanx!!
I sent the publisher an email asking why this app was not on the market not two weeks ago. They never answered my message, but here it is!
I sent the publisher an email asking why this app was not on the market not two weeks ago. They never answered my message, but here it is!
Not only will it find nearby movies, restaurants, etc, it will list what movies are playing and ratings for the restaurants.
Love this app. Had it on my blackberry storm and loved it. Now I love it on my Droid X.
Coming from blackberry I missed this app glad they androided it... another thing Droid does....
I have been waiting for this app since I got my droid x! Poynt>>> where
Best app ever on blackberry! So useful and quick and accurate! So happy to see it on android! Droid X
Best app ever on blackberry! So useful and quick and accurate! So happy to see it on android! Droid X
U must know that this app doth rock! Why all the talk of old bb days?! Shhh? We Droids R sensitive. BUT u shud have known about Layar & Aloqua!
U must know that this app doth rock! Why all the talk of old bb days?! Shhh? We Droids R sensitive. BUT u shud have known about Layar & Aloqua!
So excited to see poynt on Android! Works better than it did on my bb curve! Love it!
Poynt was my fav on blackberry. I was disappointed when it wasnt on droid. I can now get rid of of blackberry and make full switch to the android!
Had this on my bb tour and used it daily. Love it. Wife returned her EVO cause we couldn't find this app. She's mad now. Lol. Best local search app.
Glad Poynt finally made it to Android. Been checking weekly waiting for it since leaving BB. Now i have absolutely no reason to miss my BB.
Give it some time to boot and load on your phone. Then, its amazing. Loved it on my bb and now on my evo. Does everything flawlessly, especially movie
FINALLY! A REAL local search tool. Suck it Yelp and Where! This one is awesome
the only thing I missed about my BB. Enough to tide me over til 2.2 arrives. Drizzoid
I remember using this on my Sprint BB Tour b4 getting Android. Works very well on my Evo.
Finally my phone is complete. Thank you poynt team!!!!!! Now I know (where) to go!!!
I came over from a BB.Could not wait until this was available for the Android. Great application.
Used this on BB. Great app, I've been waiting for it to make it to android. The person that can't find stuff isnt looking. No freeze or problems EVO 4
Played around with it for a few minutes and it seems to be a very handy and well designed app.
So happy this app came to android only thing i missed from my blackberry! Love it!
This app is really great! I've started using it as my only app like it. Good work Dev!
Thank goodness for Poynt! Besides my BBM, this app was the only thing I missed about my Storm! Love the gas prices feature!
I loved poynt on my bb storm and when I got my evo, this was the first app I searched! So happy its available now.
Finally! I've been waiting for this since I left blackberry and it is better than ever.
Finally! I've been waiting for this since I left blackberry and it is better than ever.
Finally! I've been waiting for this since I left blackberry and it is better than ever.
Love this app, used it a lot when I had a blackberry. Works better then that Where App
Had this app on my blackberry. It was the one thing I missed since getting my HTC hero. Super excited that its finally here and it runs great!
Had this app on my blackberry best app I had on there because where sucks on here compared to this
Had this app on my blackberry best app I had on there because where sucks on here compared to this
SWEET! Had this application on my Blackberry Storm. Welcome back into my life "Poynt"
SWEET! Had this application on my Blackberry Storm. Welcome back into my life "Poynt"
SWEET! Had this application on my Blackberry Storm. Welcome back into my life "Poynt"
One of my tags from when I used blackberry. Love the gas finder. Very useful app
One of my tags from when I used blackberry. Love the gas finder. Very useful app
YEA! Got the app avail for the droid... however I miss not seeing the price for each theatre, would be perfect if you readd that feature!
YEA! Got the app avail for the droid... however I miss not seeing the price for each theatre, would be perfect if you readd that feature!
I am so glad it's now on my Droid X! The spinning menu needs a little help. This app is still better than Where or Places. Happy!
Intuitive interface. Works great. Pulls lots of information. Indespensible. Highly recommend it.
Intuitive interface. Works great. Pulls lots of information. Indespensible. Highly recommend it.
Excellent app. Had on my blackberry. Great port and excellent enhancements and the best part... its free
My droid x is now complete. I've been going through poynt withdrawals since I gave up my blackberry. There is nothing like this app on android market.
Im so stinkin excited!!! Ive been waiting for you since my storm!! Deleting my old make shift app. Youre all i need poynt!!
Im so stinkin excited!!! Ive been waiting for you since my storm!! Deleting my old make shift app. Youre all i need poynt!!
Love the app. Had it on my Blackberry and now on Android. Finds everything perfectly!!!!!!
Love the app. Had it on my Blackberry and now on Android. Finds everything perfectly!!!!!!
Love the app. Had it on my Blackberry and now on Android. Finds everything perfectly!!!!!!
I am so glad to have this app. I had it on my BB and loved it. Thanks Poynt.
Love this program glad finally for droid,however, FC often on Motorolla Doid, please fix..thanks
Love this program glad finally for droid,however, FC often on Motorolla Doid, please fix..thanks
Love this program glad finally for droid,however, FC often on Motorolla Doid, please fix..thanks
I had this on my Blackberry and it was my fav app. I was waiting patiently for the Droid app and the wait is over!
Unlike google places, Poynt actually gives relevant results like gas stations and gas prices.
I'm so glad this came to Android. It's even better than it was on my curve.
I've been waiting for this since I swapped from my blackberry. Way better than Where!!!!!!!!!!! More features
I love this app. Does what it says and the layout is outstanding. Very professional. Thanks!
I love this app. Does what it says and the layout is outstanding. Very professional. Thanks!
I absolutely love this app. I used it on my blackberry all the time. Really looking forward to using it on my EVO. One of the best apps out there.
I absolutely love this app. I used it on my blackberry all the time. Really looking forward to using it on my EVO. One of the best apps out there.
FINALLY available on my EVO! Used this all the time on my blackberry. Had to use my wife's blackberry for this until now!
best points of interest app ever!!! I've been waiting for them to make one for android since I dropped my blackberry. Cause nothing ha compared so far
I had this app when I had my blackberry. I loved it! It still needs work for Android, it isn't smooth. But I'm so happy you guys brought it over!
I had this app when I had my blackberry. I loved it! It still needs work for Android, it isn't smooth. But I'm so happy you guys brought it over!
