Best buy is my mecca, but this app has limited use if youre wanting to just browse games.
While in line I tried to look up the reward certificate that I knew expired that day. The app said that I had no certificates available. At first I thought it was my mistake but imagine my disappointment when I came across the pending expiration email reminder that was confirmed that I was right about the date. Of course this revelation occurred a day late and 5 dollars short.
Just like everything else with best buy this app is pure crap.   Trying to login is a pain and I can't ever get it to log me in.   Best buy needs to learn that they need to concentrate more on customer service in their stores then making stupid apps.   If I go to one of their stores one more time and see a group of employees huddled up together laughing and ignoring customers then I'm never going back.  Best Buy is pure crap these days.
I installed this app thinking that it would actually launch and display my rewards points or let me log in. I was wrong, guess you get what you pay for
Crashed
Super slow on my HTC One X.  And what's the point of this app?  The regular best buy app pretty much does the same thing this one does.
Don't waste your time. Doesn't connect EVER. Slow and full of bugs. Should have never been allowed into the app market.
Uninstall!!
Takes forever to load, rewards certificates doesn't show all the time.
App is useless if you can open it. Unless you like BestBuy logo in your apps don't install it
Rarely works in store when I need it. AT&T atrix 2
Error loading my information every time. Does not work.
Doesn't work properly.  No wonder Best Buy is headed to bankruptcy.
Can they get anything right? I should have listened to everyone else.
UNINSTALLED ... DOESNOT work right. Incorrect certificates and points. Better to use the mobile internet. This app is like the stores unfriendly and failing.
Can't use app to earn earn rewards. Can't redeem points. Points never calculate. Gives special offers on items I already purchased and own. Erases past purchases. What's the purpose of this app?
Won't work on my G2. The app keeps failing on authentication. Really bb, this is the best you can do.
Stopped loading my certificates. Can not connect on tablet or phone
I keep putting cities in, but no results found. WTF?? Uninstalling.
Doesn't work, can't access account...plus anything that can't be moved to SD is an INSTANT un-install
Everytime I try to access certificates, I get a message saying "account not access able. Try again later" This happened several times in store. I walked out without purchasing anything because of it.
I logged in but keep getting error message. Not able to use it.
Sucks big time it never loads my account info anymore there is always an error and  mIean always .. Big waste of space in my phone unistalling
This is THE WORST APPLICATION do not install it there is always a problem getting information about any product and trying to see your reward zone acct.
Useless without being able to generate reward certificates.  Also a huge pain to use existing certificates because it doesn't show a barcode.   Having to read a 25 digit code to the clerk is ridiculous.  Slow login.  Slow app overall.
Never works!
Never works!
Can't link it to my account, even though I know my user name and password. Useless.
Complete waste of time like all best buy rewards programs doen't work at all go to Wal-Mart or the internet for better prices and customer service
Could be better.  It will do for now.
I can log into my account through my computer but when i use the same log name and password on my phone.... It says invalid. What gives guys?
They need to make this easy and reliable. 2 thumbs down for this implementation. Too bad too, I'm a Platinum Member.
Please best buy fix this of get rid of it it never stops loading
Very poor app... Does not work!!!
I can't even get this app to load anymore. Can't remember the last time it worked.
Won't load account, can't authorize communication source. Waste of time. Uninstalling
Won't load. Through 4g or wifi.
Regular best buy app does exactly what this does...I'm not sure why they have extra apps that do what the main one does
I couldn't move the app to my SD card,  and I don't have enough space on my internal memory so I had to delete it.
Doesn't allow me to use my login credentials
Can somebody please fix this app. already???
Can't even log in.
You must choose your store to access info, one problem, my store is not listed in the "3000" options listed (56425). Well done, Best Buy.
Total fraud. I lost my points certificate because this constant "error try again later!" After I bought a laptop & a phone! You lost this customer.
Always get an error when trying to get to my account!  Never works when I'm in the store either!
This application will follow the same plight as best buy; failing. It is slow if you can ever get it to work (Galaxy Nexus)
Can't use an app that wont open.
Cant load the login on my phone
Attempted to log on and will not log on. Tried on my computer and no issues, tried again on app and get no valid account. Tried with both member # and e-mail address same results and even verified with successful log ons through the computer. Useless app being deleted from my phone. Thank you best buy for once again wasting my time
This app RARELY load my account info. It's completely useless. HTC sensation
Every time I try to redeem my reward points it says "there was an error. Try again later".
It worked the first time I accessed it after I downloaded. Hasn't worked since. Always says try back later. Fix this! HTC Rezound
Can't even access my account...wtf!?
Keep getting fc, used it not long ago just fine. Pls fix it. Dinc
I've tried this app for four days now. Probably at least twenty times. The same log in for the app as my computer and no problems there. WTH.....uninstalling
in the event you can login your lucky to be able to do anything more often than not it loads a white screen... droid razor...
App shows 0 points and certificates. Yet website shows proper ammount.
Logs you on to someone else's profile randomly . Security alert!!!
Just like everyone else, this doesn't work. Always get an error code.
It doesn't even let me log in.
Won't load, won't access account. Don't bother.
Doesn't load up on galaxy nexus plz fix
App never worked for me.
Doesn't rotate to landscape. Can't generate reward certificates.  FAILBOAT!!!!!!!!
Fails to login to account 9 out of 10 times
Multiple bugs ima take this app to best buy and see what they have to say. Hope geeksquad isn't on strike otherwise they're not geeks if this crap continues
Was just told by cashier at best buy that can't take a reward certificate off of a phone. That was my whole reason to use it.
Tried to use it at their store. Only gave me a bad token error.
Force closes constantly...can't get to my account 90% of the time. Galaxy Nexus ICS...
You can't even use claim your points for certificates. You can only use the one you've already claimed not make new ones.
App needs to show all activity. This would include rzmall,dining,r.z.m.c. purchases.....not just b.b. purchases. Make web and mobile app match!
Why does it ask for location data when all I need to do is check my reward zone account? Kinda dumb to me and if you don't put in location data, you can't proceed to check your account.
Can't log in...
Poor app. Rarely connects to account and displays certificates.
Worthless and time consuming
The app doesn't work in the store and is pretty much useless. A technology store should accommodate a decent 3G signal and an app that works.
It's really poor quality.
Used to work just fine.  Now its a miracle if you DONT get an error.  I don't even remember the last time I was actually able to see my points using this app.
Won't open. Needs to be fixed. Galaxy S2
When you do finally get to see your reward points you are lucky if it works. Almost every time lately it gives a error and tells you it can't access your account and to try later. Much faster to just go to a computer and do your stuff there.
When you do finally get to see your reward points you are lucky if it works. Almost every time lately it gives a error and tells you it can't access your account and to try later. Much faster to just go to a computer and do your stuff there.
Takes way too long to launch, and once the app has finally started, the main page takes way too long to load. Then,  reward zone account information is two screens deep, which means even more loading. Reward points should be displayed right after the app launches, and there should be a secondary tab to view available certificates. The biggest draw of this app is that you don't have to print out your reward certificates, so why is that feature buried?
this person should have their Android arm amputated.
Online BBRZ shows i have certificate to redeem. With RZ mlobile, it does not show any.
My certificates never showed up.  Will be uninstalling
Installed...  Wouldn't connect.  Waste of time.
Got logged in once took forever to load, then couldn't log in again. Your using a device that has internet, just use the website. It Probly loads faster and has the same information.
Doesn't authorize ... pointless. Please fix!
Doesn't authorize ... pointless. Please fix!
This app used to work fine but now it wont authenticate, shouldve trusted the stars.
Still doesn't recognize burbank, illinois or bedford park, illinois. :/
I logged in fine on the website nit app won't
It always closes everytime!
It always closes everytime!
It always closes everytime!
There's a reason for all the one stars Best Buy! Why have an app you can't log into. Can't find your location through your gps services, JUNK!
Can't get past the login screen.
Unusable since I can't even log in to my account.
It wouldn't load and it kept asking for my information, and then reset itself over and over. Way more of a bother than any convenience
Never works
Never asks for account info
....can't even login to my account.
Buggy
Tried 5 times on 3 different occasions and never worked.
Not intuitive and easy to use
Wont authorize, contact best buy demand mail certificate for having faulty services.
Wont authorize, contact best buy demand mail certificate for having faulty services.
Won't authorize!
Cannot move to SD card? Come on bestbuy, just like your checkout scanners can't scan my rewards card off my phone. Get your geek squad on it!
This app doesn't work. However, if u use the regular best buy app. U can access reward zone and it works perfectly. This one is a waste of time.
Come on seriously?   Invalid login?
Keeps asking you to repeat login.
When u log in and then 'authorize' the use of the app it then says session expired must sign in again repeatedly. Uninstalling! EVO 4g
Just like their Gamers club, best buy don't know how to do quality programs or apps. Your a company that sells tech and claims to know all about it, but can't make an app that works. Fire your lead programmer and get a monkey to do it. Probably do a better job.
As soon as I login I immediately get a message that my session has expired and I need to log out and log back in. Get the same message over and over. Worthless app in this condition.  On SGS2 Skyrocket.
As soon as I login I immediately get a message that my session has expired and I need to log out and log back in. Get the same message over and over. Worthless app in this condition.  On SGS2 Skyrocket.
Doesn't work
Fail
This app is awful for being all about technology they should have better developers it reflects poorly on bestbuy to put out an app not working
Does not let me log in at all since I downloaded it. Waiting for an update. Please fix. LG Thrill
The app won't let you log in. It just gives an error message over and over again.
Omg u hope bestbuy did not pay for this it realy sucks I tried to sign in and it said it had a broken token um ok
Doesn't work, poor layout, slow, and in general a pain to use. Just print them out; it's honestly easier than getting this app to work.
Authorization keeps failing producing cryptic error messages.
I can't even get it to show me my points. By the time I log in & authorize it says my session has timed out & makes me do it all over again
I can't even get it to show me my points. By the time I log in & authorize it says my session has timed out & makes me do it all over again
If you have the regular Best Buy app, I see no point for this one except to allow them to bludgeon you with marketing junk.  The regular app shows purchases and reward certs for use (neither app gives a barcode though, so cashier has to type in loooong code).  It's also one of the slowest apps I have ever used, and that's over 4G with a dual core Motorola Photon.
On Droid RAZR
Session times out.. forcing u to log out and.type email/password back in but it constantly wont load...
Easy to redeem certificates via your phone.
No payment option, slow, filled with unnecessary ads, and in a nutshell it's pointless.
Thanks for nothing.  I can't even access my account.  Samsung Galaxy S II on t-mobile.
Every time I log on, I get the session timed out BS.. worthless to me... uninstalled
On HTC Incredible, I get the "session timed out" message immediately after logging in.
Continuously logs out
Awful. It doesn't work with the Galaxy SII. It keeps telling me to log in over and over again and keeps crashing..
Works as expected. No issues here. Maybe its time you learned how to use your phone.
Doesn't work.
Keeps force closing on my EVO 3D
Keeps force closing on my EVO 3D
It is slow on my Droid X and it forces me to log in and authorize EVERY time I use it.
Constantly Force closes, loaded my account once,  gantry worked since.  Nice concept, horrible in actual use.
Can't authorize when signing in. Droid Bionic.
Does not even allow for info input on droid bionic. We know how to use our phones. Bad ap
Nothing authenticates
C'mon man
Please fix this it forcloses all the time Galaxy S II
Says invalid password or email I can get in on internet but not on app. Fix asap DROID X
World worst app. Will not load any info. Why does this even exist?
World worst app. Will not load any info. Why does this even exist?
Needs an update fassst you can even put your info and all ready sayibg that you unavailable to login
Says can't authorize my account. Try again later.  I never even got an option to input my account info.  And there is no log in option in the menu.
Needs to be able to save location.
Wont detect my location or let me log into my account..
Xoom
Xoom
Eventually got logged in then couldn't retrieve any info...
Eventually got logged in then couldn't retrieve any info...
.........
Nothing but force close
Worked once but not that good. Needs to be fixed ASAP. If I could give less then one star I would. The worst app and it makes best buy look stupid. NO
Loaded fine. Login took 4 attempts. Brought my coupons up the first time I checked. Then just stopped working. While I was at the register. Wondering why I couldn't get a Best Buy App to work in a Best Buy store.
I was just at best buy and tried to redeem my rewards certificate and app kept saying can't log in try back later.  I had just had it working...
Unable to login...UNINSTALLED!
Good idea but doesn't log in to my account
Good idea but doesn't log in to my account
Will not authenticate and will not work. Sounded like a great idea, but in reality its not worth the download. I'm uninstalling it.
Crap
Doesn't work at all
Doesn't work at all
Doesn't work at all
Not surprised considering that's what the other comments said too.  Completes authorization then gives error.
Doesn't work
Error won't validate authorization on HTC Sensation.  Uninstalled after several attempts.
And so does this app.
And so does this app.
Allows login but will not activate the account. Uninstalled. I'm sure BB won't be sending an email announcing its fixed.
Allows login but will not activate the account. Uninstalled. I'm sure BB won't be sending an email announcing its fixed.
Doesn't allow to login, shows blank white page while trying to login.
So far lots of errors. Something about a token. This ain't chuck e cheese. Also failed to load my account info,banners,etc. Please try again later Sux
So far lots of errors. Something about a token. This ain't chuck e cheese. Also failed to load my account info,banners,etc. Please try again later Sux
'Error no token validator' on authorization. Epic4G. App requires far more permissions then it should. Cam, gps, sys app is more likely SPY WARE!
Turns on your wifi and leaves it on to drain your battery. Thanks for this piece of crap Best Buy. Uninstall!
I rate this app like I rate there store serves, POOR! Force closed as soon as it opens.
Turned on my wifi and left it on when I closed app.
App wont open. Constant force close
Totally worthless. Login field will not activate keyboard. Since I can't log in, I can't access the info I want the app for.
Keeps crashing
Keeps closing
Broken
Keeps foreclosing, its pretty useless too. Probably delete it
Yet so far...
Doesn't let me log in. it says my password and username not valid. Same information works on PC. please fix so  cIan use it
Will not allow me to log in. Turns on wi-fi. Appears to be a piece of crap that was floated to the market just to say "Hey we have an app".
Login fails. Always. mytouch 3G.
Force closes
Doesn't have the forgot password option
Doesn't open. Revolution
Good idea doesn't work
Sounded good until it didn't open .. -Bionic Pls fix! !
Will not log in. Keeps saying to try back later.
Why put it on the market, Isn't working at all. Moto atrix , 2.3
It won't let me login just continually gives error message ... Don't download ... A waste of space.
This app does not work at all. Signs me in and will never pull up my points. Terribad
I just get an error when I try to log in.
Forcloses all the time. Would be great if it worked.
If I could give negative stars I would. Force closes fail to login and fail to even load home screen properly. Needs work
Apparently so buggy that I can't even log in. Developers need to fix the issues and add the ability to display card barcode for scanning.
Why does this application keep turning on my wifi? In doing so, I can't log into the application.
Wont work even after restart
should be integrated with sales and product lookup as well as store location.
The app functionality is very limited, but I like the idea of just loading the reward certificates on the phone and not printing them (it is really a waste of paper and ink).  However, I constantly receive errors loading the certificates, saying to try again later.  Closing the app (and completely stopping in app manager) sometimes helps, but then it can also take a long time to login and reload.  What's worse is these data errors usually happen in the store, though everything else on the phone works fine.  I will resort to printing certificates until this app is more stable.
If only it could find my location or my local store. Which it can't. It can't find my location and apparently only lists the top 3000 stores. My local store isn't on the list. Because I can't add my store, I can't use the app, which makes it useless and a waste of a download.
Getting "Error loading your account" message most of the time. Not very reliable.
I have to logout and back on every time I access the app to get rid of cannot access account error.  Also really slow to load and authorize.
Sometimes it is hard to access tha account's information.   The interface is awful.  Would like to move this app to external storage.
Is having logging issues please fix
Eh it's won't keep me signed in
Was working fine the first few times I've used it but now its useless. I had a few certificates and used them, of course the cashier had to punch in the 20 or so digit certificate number when there should be a barcode instead. Lately it's showing I have no points or reward certificates when I know for certain that I have them. Also when I went to update, one of the permissions was "allows app to control flashlight". Really? FLASHLIGHT? Why? Leave my flashlight alone and please make this app useful again.
Doesn't show a bar code that cashiers can scan....
Its to glitchy
I don't know what the issue is with this app not working properly with the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, but the app rarely logs into my account, making it pretty much useless for me. When it does work I like it though.
Raised the rating to one extra star.
It's good to get all my silver reads right on my phone but the app has to many error Mesg
I can't log in because of continuous errors. Would like to see online mall purchases shown in list.
How about make save to the SD card
I've gotten the app to work, but it seems to have a server timeout every other click
This is frustrating. Kept logging in and out to see my rewards point, but I keep getting the error message.
It's the same thing. Unreliable and errors 90% of the time. Thought you guys fixed this app?
Didnt work the first time I installed it. I got a error after authorizing the app. Uninstalled it and re installed. It now works but could be better.
Not intuitive and easy to use
What good is this app if I'm gonna get errors everytime I try to use a certificate?
Sowwie
Can't move to SD card, uninstalling
One word, "loading..."
Confused!!! I keep getting an update alert, but it won't let me update the app.??? What's going on? EVO 3D
Seems like most of the time it will not load my log in info.  That pretty much makes it useless.
I love Reward Zone, especially seeing my points & scanning certificates on my phone, but there's constant FCs, problems loading, finding account, etc!
It worked the first time and hasn't since. It seemed cool though. I like the idea of being able to use your reward zone certificates from your phone.
Doesn't save location, loses login information so I have to logout/login repeatedly.  Motorola Droid 1
Force closes whenever I try to view account info and it keeps turning on my wi-fi.
It keeps force closing and turning on my wifi.
Disappointing that you can't request a certificate from the app. Nice that you don't have to print them anymore though.
Stop taking so long to load "offers" and just let us get to what we need. Want to speed up your checkout lines? Make it faster to show the cashier our certificates!
Needs some work... You can redeem certificates directly from the app, but not without the cashier typing in a 36 digit number... There is no reason why this can't be a scannable barcode... Would be a hell of a lot easier...
Needs tilt feature!
Its great for checking deal of the day, points and using certificates at the register... When (if) it loads. I find myself having to log out and back  and reauthorizing every time. Didn't have this problem on iPhone. (Droid razr now)
Used this in store to access my RZ certificates, but there wasn't a bar code option. I had to read off a 25-digit number to the cashier for each of the rewards (I had 3). Very annoying.
Since yesterday have not been able to load certificates. Had to get via email. Pls fix.
I was hoping for it to have the barcode for my membership so that the cashier can scan my membership through the phone instead of shuffling through my wallet to find my card buried deep inside. But it has all informations about your account, but would have been 5 stars if it had membership barcode.
Please support moving to SD
This app works but it so cluttered and convoluted you may as well go online. Less ads. If I have this app I already have a Reward Zone membership and get how it works. Slow loading as well.
This app used to work fine but now it wont authenticate, shouldve trusted the stars.
Won't read my location, so every time I want to log in, I have to do a city search.
Bit of a slower app. While app shows purchases, doesn't show pending points to account. Rather use the browser version.
Finally worked after many attempts. Have to log in every time?
Kinda slow. Do not care for.
Don't have to carry my reward zone card, but, they have to key in my membership number.... A barcode system would be great.
Needs to show the member number barcode, and certificate barcode. Was a hassle using the certificate from the app, they had to key the number in.
Good app, but will not move to your SD Card. +4MB
Need to add barcode to certificates and rewards card so the cashier can scan instead of typing the numbers.
so far its going good wit the app. we'll see when I actually use it at the store
Won't remember my location. Have to reenter it each time I start the apparently.
Nice to have membership card and redemption certificates with me without printing them first.  Faster than logging in on mobile web!
Can't really do anything with the app. It just let's you look at your purchases and thats it. It's very limited
Works on t-mobile G2. Wish it showed how much more I need to retain my silver membership. But its basic and it works.
This works great...plenty fast...perhaps those with speed difficulties should investigate their connection/ network before blaming the app.
Would give 5 stars if loading didn't take forever no matter what kind of connection speed your rocking.
Why is this app not combined with the Best Buy app.  All of that app's functionality should be consolidated into that app.
Pretty good app
It does its job, easy way to use certificates.
Does what I need. Use my rewards. Could be better...
Haven't had problems using. Have been able to redeem certs right from the phone.
Make reward certificates redeemable from the app and it'd be a 5 star app for sure
As an avid Best Buy shopper, using this app to access my coupons and rewards has been great and easy. I couldn't have asked for anything easier or better.
Does exactly what it says. Works perfect on galaxy s2
Needs barcodes for certificates and card.  Cashiers have to take awards.  They're just being lazy!  Would be nice to be able to add from receipt.
Used to work just fina on old LG I used, but on Nexus way too many crashes Please fix
Helpful if I could add recent purchases with the receipt.
Authorization issues at first but got through them.
seems to be working better after the update
This is a good app but how about making it app2sd. I can access the same content with the browser without using any internal memory! Htc G2
I don't have to remember to bring printed rewards certificates anymore
Easy to redeem certificates via your phone.
Give it a upc scannable card and reward zone certificates and this would be infinitely more useful.  Having said that, the app works as advertised.
Great way to keep track of points & no more printing coupons.
Love Best Buy!   Works well on Droid X2.
Samsung gsI epic, no problems to report yet with update, but last one I reported to the creator app fc and this fixed it!
Seems to work fine but doubt I'll use it because I feel bad making an associate enter a 30 digit code. Why not make it a QR code to scan instead?
Good idea doesn't work
Easy and paperless
Doesn't work any more
Love the layout!!
It does what its supposed to so I don't have a problem with it.
Never works!
Its so awesome. Puts my membership at the tip of my fingers.
It
Muy buena
No probs!
Love it
I use it to keep track of points.
Nice
Love it! Does what it should and makes it easy for me at BestBuy since i dont have a printer.
No more losing my certificates.
Works perfectly from my HTC Desire. Pulls up my account, purchases, points, and let's me redeem the certificates.
Ty
Does what it's designed for.
Perfect to keep track. Love it
Awsome app when using rewards and using to make purchases!
App shows 0 points and certificates. Yet website shows proper ammount.
Does exactly what it says. Works perfect on galaxy s2
Works well with DROID X phone. Nice app, okay on 3G but better on WiFi!
Used to work just fina on old LG I used, but on Nexus way too many crashes Please fix
Location permissions are needed to track down local bby stores and deals.
All apps from BBY are awesome!!
When you go to Best Buy just about every other day like me, the sip comes in handy because you get to check prices, deals etc easy and on the go
Just being able to show the rewards certificates on my phone @ the check-out instead of printing is awesome!!
Got it 2 wk. Is working as supposed 2. MyTouch 4g slide.
Works perfect.
Does exactly what it says!
Finally I don't have to print my coupons. Thanks.
Amazing, worked great!
Works fine on my Thunderbolt
It's the same thing. Unreliable and errors 90% of the time. Thought you guys fixed this app?
Moto Razr
It does what it says it will. Works just fine. Galaxy nexus.
Works great on DROID RAZR. Able to log in and get to my rewards certificates.
Great app I love best buy if I could sleep their I would its like a second home to me lol!
NEVER had an issue . The app is ACES! Works perfectly. Would be easier to generate barcodes for account and certificates. Nexus S 4G
Retrieved rewards points and 10% off itunes
Works perfectly. Though it would be more useful if the certificates were scanable so the cashiers don't have to type them in
I don't know why there are so many complaints this is an awesome app!  Samsung Stratosphere
Every time I log on, I get the session timed out BS.. worthless to me... uninstalled
Works as expected. No issues here. Maybe its time you learned how to use your phone.
Good
Works fine for this phone.
This app works awesome.....what are u people talking about....LEARN HOW TO USE YOUR PHONE!
Works perfect on my xoom I take my tablet every because I'm a tech head. Walk into best buy  pick up some things and was able to use my certificate right from my tablet with having to print it awasome
Sweet!!!!
Works gr8 on my Sprint EVO-HTC-3D no problems @ all, saves me time when shopping! Highly recommended!
as a bestbuy employee and developer for google i must say im highly disappointed in this app. never load on 2.2 or 2.3 O.S...smh so i uninstalled it!
as a bestbuy employee and developer for google i must say im highly disappointed in this app. never load on 2.2 or 2.3 O.S...smh so i uninstalled it!
They must have done an update.  Awesome app.
Very good interface, pretty useful!
Email editing is available!
I enjoy the mobility of Best Buy. Vibrant
Nice to have membership card and redemption certificates with me without printing them first.  Faster than logging in on mobile web!
EVO 4g
Nice not having to print out reward certificates.
Doesn't open. Revolution
Awesome! FYI It does work on the Bionic
This app works amazingly well and is very handy. No more logging on to the computer and printing out certificates! Bionic
Will not log in. Keeps saying to try back later.
Best way to get access to my RZ account and coupons.
