UI could do with some work. But overall a very good app
Can't seem to find how to set time. It shows central time. I am on eastern time.
Can't seem to find how to set time. It shows central time. I am on eastern time.
Want a refund past google 15 min policy do i have to contact my credit card company?
This app is great
Won't update current location. Radar maps suck, no detail. Too bad I wasted my money.
Most unhappy! Want a refund.
Greedy, greedy and very disappointing! Cutting features from paid version and move it to premium... as other mentioned, i dont pay monthly for an app! Espacially not for a weather app!
Its never right!
The radar is pretty weak.  Very poor map detail and fuzzy radar.
Srnsation
Not accurate!
I'm in NYC. Radar is mediocre and no severe weather alerts ever came in. Plus wind forecast is always way off.
Firstly... Im still waiting for an accurate prediction on weather. Rain on sunny days.. Sun on rainy days etc.  Secondly... The features keep getting reduced every update on an app i already paid for. Adding them to a premium monthly fee. I WILL NOT pay monthly for an app... Who would?  Thirdly... The recent updates suck. I dont even know what half the icons mean anymore.  Useless app IMO.
Its a hot august day here in phoenix, 113 degrees farenheit and sunny. Thia app says its only 77 degrees and raining.
Not been getting server Updates for last 10 days, keeps crashing my phone, had to un install
You pay for an app but they limit what you can do. Just pay another premium for 3 or 12 months for more features.  There are free weather apps that do more than this app.
Temp is never even close. Sucks!!! No radar for U.S.  don't buy
Purchased the app only to learn that I need to purchase the premium version to get all of the features. This app should be free, the temperature is never right and the updates don't work. Looking elsewhere!
Warum will die All meinen Telefonstatus wissen? Für eine Wetter-App braucht man Netzwerkzugriff (für die Wetter Daten) und eventuell noch die Lokation. Alles andere ist schon sehr fragwürdig.
cosa ho ottenuto pagando dato che la maggior parte delle cose belle sono limitate da un ulteriore abbonamento facoltativo
And I thought the Weather Channel app was bad. At least it was free
Radar is too general. Never heard of reporting stations.
i hate it..  the radar is just pixels..  i got a better radar on the free apps!! i don't like it at all!!
These maps need more detail.
Bought basic app and premium upgrade. Not satisfied with this app at all. Temp and forecast is completely off and wrong. Time of day is also wrong and not in sync with phone. Hopefully, the devs are working to correct these issues. I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone in the shape it's in today. A lot of work needs to be done to correct the issues. Dave G. USA Md.
No land marks on radar features or and display is like bad 1985 video games can't believe I paid for this junk
Consistently the highs for my area Gilroy, CA are 10-20 degrees off. Today its 85 but high temp shows 68. Will give 5 stars otherwise. Also add "feedback" function so I don't use ratings system to communicate.
This is the only app I've ever commented on & There are free apps better than this. Widget never seems to update. It gives you hourly temperature for every 3-4 hours, so it isn't hourly, and it never seems accurate anyway. Not worth it. Go free app.
Radar images are pixelated and can not be zoomed in. I have requested refund and will be looking elsewhere. This is a nice looking app that does not work as advertised. Is additional fee for premium version going to fix radar images?
This was a great app until the timing was suddenly 8 hours off. I expect this to be fixed soon as this is a paid app. When fixed 5 stars.
The clock keeps acting up...
Why do we pay for the app and then have to pay again for premium features??? What  joke. Don't buy this weather all. Find another one guys!
No good trash
Location not working since last update
Looks great but gives the wrong location. Seems to be mainly for european countries
Not paying twice just to use a weather app
Why do I pay for this then pay again to get premium updates?... Bad service
Dont supports android 4 samsung galaxy S2 stock rom . No settings, freezes randomly
From 5 to 1 star; Good job! I already paid, now I have to pay  again!? No way....
Not working on my transformer tf101
It is unable to resolve my location but everything else can.
None worked :(
Radar image is terrible.  You cannot zoom in.  The level of detail is an embarrassment.  I even paid for the premium.  Whoever contributed to making this 4.5 stars really let me down.  Thanks.
where is the refund button???
I purchased used for 2 mins then the refund option disappeared.I WANT A REFUND
Naggs me to give feedback.  Here you go.
Yes this is what it says.Who in gods name believes any app ,tv forcast can predict a forcast 2 weeks in advance !!??
Have to upgrade to premium after already purchasing app to get radar and other features.
It doesn't have local, dopler weather radar for your location, which makes it pretty much useless.  It only shows a map of the entire US.
The radar is one big map of the usa. Then i paid for the app and they update it. Now they want more money to heterosexual the forecast
Failed to load after 1 week
Not sure which is worse...weather channel app's ads our this apps radar. Shows entire north american continent with low resolution. Useless.
gotta pay to download it then u gotta pay another $5 to use it.  what a rip off!!!!!!!!!
Free apps provide as good or better quality. Pluse once you bie app there is an upcharge to use full capability
Disgrace - charging 5 euro a year for features that should be there anyway. I'm uninstalling this app and encourage others to do the same.
Already paid for this, now they want more monies, the swines.
Already paid for this,nit a happy bunny should be ashamed of yourself
Already paid for this app and now they want me too pay more? Gtfo every  one is out to rob you nowadays. Would not buy again and will avoid this developer in future. No wonder people pirate apps.
Was 5 star, now got to pay twice to get full app? No thanks
not worth it
U CANNOT SAVE ANY PLACE U WANT TO, IN FAVOURITES. U HAVE TO ENTER A NEW CITY, TOWN, ETC - EVERYTIME !!!!! AND NO REFUNDS. TOTALLY HONEST REVIEW.
Was good but now  force close all the time but not before they slapped me in the face by charging again for premium content. avoid this junk.
Not much good for Canada.
I used to love this app. I bought and PAID FOR IT. Now I find there's "premium" features which cost even more (and don't disappear despite there being a hide option). The developers have over-stepped the mark, if you sell an app then the full service is free. Only free apps should ever incur extra costs. Uninstalling and sticking with Met Office.
Err, hold on.. Haven't I paid already? Now you want more to access all the features? Not for me thank you
They don't tell you that it is $1.75 for only 3 months of the premium.  You have to get right up to the accept on your credit card before you can see the bill.  You also only get 10 hours of radar on the premium.  This app sucks, the interface sucks also.  Crooked business, they need to be reported for fraud.
Just lost 3 euros... Don't buy it.
Request update with hdpi images for smartphones with large screens!  This app looks really bad on latest smartphones.
This app has been brilliant for years on my old ipod touch and now for 3 years on my android, and now it's gone to the dogs... Covered in ads, links and a so called premium service that gives you weather that's already happened!!! Met office weather app now has gone from second to 1st place due to this change!
Fails to find Cardiff and most places in wales useless
Really? Pay twice!? Bye bye weather pro. I hate being ripped off. Don't be scammed, pass in this app.
Taking the pi$$ we have already paid for the app and the only recent update is to remove functionality and sell it to us again I purchased but I'm outta here
ok, ive downgraded this from 5 to 3 stars. its still great but 'premium' in app purchases in the pro app? really? come on guys sort it out...
I tried every one but this is the best 100% exact
I agree with others, "premium" version is unethical and these features should be there for users who already paid.
the weather man is wrong, this app is not. Good job!
I had bought pro version. Why have I to see every time information about upgrading to premium? In my opinion this killed this great app.  Premium version should be another position beside pro version. Anybody will have a possibility to choose one of them. I do not want to be forced to do something so I do not buy premium.
Charging twice? And the in app upgrade isn't cancellable? This is a dreadful step by the developers.
This is just lame. I paid for pro now you want more???  PEOPLE, DON'T BUY THIS CRAP!!!
Small widget shows C instead of F randomly. Premium doesn't add much for the $ and in-app ads for it were annoying. No snowfall depth prediction. No "weather right here" widget. $5 subscription to weather underground a much better value.
I have already paid for the app. Why should I pay more. I have been using this app since day one. Please change your business plan.
for US service that's already sub-par.
Lame... I already bought it once. Also F shows up as C
Please be informed that you are in violation on point 3.3 of the marketing agreement with Google. The in app upgrade has to be a new app since one can not pay two prices for same app. You are not that good and the app sucks in US as it is. Erik
Thinking you are buying an app with extra features? WRONG! You need to pay for the real stuff after paying.. Filled in objection as everyone should do!
1. Sell the program 2. Remove some features 3. Make the idiots pay to get the features back - with a 'Premium Service'.
Was five stars, now one. Please revert 'premium' regression asap.
They take away features and ask for me to pay again to have them back in the "premium" version??? When will it end? In another month they will do the same thing all over again! Uninstalling immediately!
Now they ask for additional in-app payment!!
I can't recommend an app that charges you once to use it, and then charges you again (in-app) to get regular weather updates. Lots of free alternatives to chose from. I hope weatherpro are listening.
Payed already for the pro version.  They want more and more whats next?!
Very disappointed! Was a great app, now since the upgrade a total ripoff, paid app has become no more than an advert for premium services! Disgraceful
I've already paid for this. Why should I now pay more
Wish I could revert, I think that's all folks...
The premium content is not worth paying for. The data is 3 weeks out of date, and some of the maps won't download. Waste of money. Much preferred the old version.
Now it's greedy.
1. Sell the program 2. Remove some features 3. Make the idiots pay to get the features back - with a 'Premium Service'.
Most likely uninstal
..to adding a PREMIUM features. I've already paid!! Time to find a new weather app. Goodbye.
Come on, haven't we paid enough already? The app is nice but I don't think this is the way to treat loyal customers.
I don't understand for what i've paid pro version. I will not paid additional money for any other services. Even I'm satisfied with the app I search another one.
After latest update no longer able to update info!!! Come on get your act together
I've paid money for this. Right ? Not a single day, just one lousy day, this app didn't hit the weather right!!! It's complicated, full of useless data and bad graphics. Not worth it. Don't bother buy it!
I wish I could get a refund on this vastly over-rated rip-off.  This morning it falsely reported that the temperature here in Seoul was -5, but in fact it was actually +1.  Even now, 4 hours later, it is off the mark again by about 3 degrees.  So Meteogroup's boast about "accuracy" is nothing more than just a boast.  Furthermore, the "live" wallpaper is not animated like other live wallpapers.  All it does is change to a different still photo that supposedly reflects the actual weather--but it doesn't.  Looking out my window right now, I see no clouds anywhere over Seoul, but my SG2 Weatherpro wallpaper shows a still shot of billowing clouds.  Switching to different views on this thing is a pain.  You can't just swipe back and forth like other apps.  You have to actually hit the "Back" button half the time.    The widgets also suck on this awful piece of weather-fluff.  For example, the 2x1 widget is vertically off center by about 50% and looks totally out of place on my home screen.  This is the first review I've ever submitted on Android Market and I am very sorry that it has to be so negative.  Most of the other apps that I've tried here are excellent; Weatherpro is a RIP-OFF
Gives clear sky and 45F and outside is snowing... I red well in some comments that this think is used by pilots as well? lol
What a shame Weather pro Cant believe i paid for this. Xperia pro force closes widget wont work. Gives me my location 23 miles away from me!
Since the day I bought it, it has been 10 degrees off, sucks.  What good is this app? None
this thing looks great , and is packed with information, the problem is , its all very, very, inaccurate..the temperature is wrong by 17 degrees today
Were is Long Island NY?
save your money everyone can't see how to get a refund
No radar and no reply from support......not happy Jan
App continuously changes to celsius even though I clearly have it set to farenheight in the settings
Cannot scroll to other cities, shows weather of cities not selected, cannot move city up or down in list, no mention of wind in bft, inacurate info
Lame. Waste of money. Poor graphics. Lousy user interface. No local radar. What was I thinking?
Sadly, pressing radar only shows a national map animation, without lines to indicate the states,roads, etc.
Would expect to show current location ,should also show pollen data .does not update by shaking do not bother.will uninstall this waste of money.
unreliable forecasts for europe
If the refund period was a little longer than 15 minutes I would return this application. Non intuitive interface. Wasted 2.5 EUR
According to this app, the state of Rhode Island doesn't exist! Uninstalling.
Much better since the last update and now the the same functions as the iphone version.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
Recent update is well worth a couple of quid, reliable and great for checking places around the world..keep up the great work.
This app is worthless. There are better weather apps out there for free. The radar in this app is horrible. Don't waste your money.
No idea where it's getting weather info. 95 here today and says high was 83. Forcast doesn't match any others which are all similar.
With the latest update it's as good as the iphone version on Android 2.3.3 Reliable forecast and nice design.
Have this for my iphone and it is brilliant. Downloaded and installed on Asus eee pad. Not good at all. Im sure when they bring out a tablet version it will be good but this isnt it, no matter what they say it definitely isnt optimized for tablets unfortunately.
Just moved across from iphone to android and this is still awesome. looks great and the most accurate weather app I have used.
V poor 1980s graphics on radar showing previous rain position! What use is that? I want to see where rain will be, like on their website.
I have give this app 1 star due 2 the fact that wen I installed it, it caused my youtube widget 2 constantly force close. Uninstalled. X10
Recently the display got messed up and i see just left two thirds, namely i cant see values for precip etc. I am on Nexus S. When fixed will be *****.
App does not cover every state and the info is never right save your money
Tried many weather apps and this is easily the best. Well worth the money. Xperia x10
Didn't like it, uninstalled it immediately, they don't refund & I can't get it off my phone. It is uninstalled in the apps mkt but still on my phone.
Excellent app. Lots of detail and pretty accurate. I'm looking forward to the widget in the next update.
Wow! Horrible app for US users. Radar is a joke along with sat. Uninstall... Incredible.
am i missing something? !!! this app does not seem to update automatically. ..  there is a lot about it i line but if i have to keep manually updating it doesn't make sense - especially since i had to pay for it
It's nice app but the widget keeps disappearing. Then I have to uninstal reinstall then put the widget back. There are plenty of good free Weather apps. Update the clock doesn't stay updated on the widget. It has to update with your location. So you can't view other areas unless you open the app and add to favorites. Can't select on widget. Might as well use the Web. And there is another charge if you want to see other weather maps. So to have full access to this app, you pay a monthly/yearly fee
Ok weather app But you need a subscription  even after purchasing to use all functions. Are you kidding me!?
Extremely low-res maps.  Can't even view Chicago metro area.  Even after paying the best features require an additional update.
I do not like this app. I have used it for several months before writing this review. The radar & weather maps are very low resolution and useless. Many of the features are only available for a premium price even after purchasing the initial app. I'm using HD widgets now and it's weather app is much better.
Temperatures are always way off from what they actually are for my area.
The banner is hard to read and I find that even when it is updated it is never accurate. Samsung galaxy s2
Manual update does not work.
No options on radar for a paid version.????
This weather app is a joke. Junky, low res radar graphics, boring layout with a silly UI that could only be designed in Europe. Compared to WeatherBug this app looks like my old Commodore 64, only not as colorful. Problem is WeatherBug isn't working with Ice Cream Sandwich yet. They even have the nerve to ask more money for a "Premium Service." I was late by five minutes requesting a refund so I'll have to eat the three bucks. Maybe it'll help them bail out another country.
Good app but paying twice is why more and more people are turning to illegal apk files.
It appears you require updates to make this app worth while. Pro is very
I am tired at writing mediocre reviews of WeatherPro.  Don't get me wrong, this is a good app! But, plagued by bugs on every fresh release:  The much vaunted 'widget' took 5 attempts at installing to finally appear. But, when it did appear the clock 12 hours out of synch with the system time - it righted itself when the system time with over 1pm but it's not keeping synch with the system clock!   Basic 'bugs' destroy the enjoyment of this app....  Update 19/06  The app continues very problematic with the app reporting the incorrect location via widget & main app - now  reporting the country I am in! I have reported the problem countless times but nothing come back except inane question....
On galaxy note, clicking on hour breakdown button for a day causes a crash
What I really need with a small child (when on the odd occasion it is actually sunny) is to know the UV index, and this doesn't give me that info.
This is impressive, but don't shell out to get extra-forecasts at 7 days+ do not vary
Needs a notification bar status thinger.
I want my money back just brought premium and the radar doesn't work this is pathetic money thieving people. im from Australia and this app looked good untill I purchased premimum and the most important thing to my job is sunshine and knowing if there is any rain Around is a,big thing how do I get my money back I'll use it to purchase an app that works
The Radar Graphics are just terrible.   Nice to have the ability to track weather internationally.
Charging again for premium content is a dissapointment :(
need to fix wrong date when switching to more info (its a day behind.  no radar for Canada even with premium :(
Don't update to v.2.0 unless you are interested in Premium subscription. You'll get nothing but Premier services ads/links and bigger app size. I regret I've updated this app. No way to return to v.1.6.1. :(
I paid for the pro version of this product, expecting to get the full features, yet I am expected to pay more for some frankly, quite ordinary, 'premium' add-ons. Ridiculous.
It would be great if the radar and satellite maps would come up every time instead of hit and miss.
This is a paid app, so I have higher expectations.  I would like to have all of the features included in the price, not the frustration of being informed I have to pay more to get the written weather articles and some other features. And while the charts and graphics are cool, some improvements are needed, such as having an easy to understand chart key below graph data.
This app has a great layout and provides lots of useful information.  Unfortunately it is extraordinarily inaccurate Temperatures are way off. It almost seems like it is reporting on some other location.  It is totally worthless in Saint Paul. MN where I live.  Maybe it works in other locations?
Its off by 10 degrees celcius. Fail.
Widgets aren't available if you move application to the SD card on HTC EVO. Radar needs more detail and deeper zoom, down to city level.
4 stars as soon you have resolve the problems with the 4x2 widget on Samsung devices (widget is not updating). This bug is NOT acceptable for a pay app ! 5 stars as soon you make a more beautiful design for the widget.  The rest of application is very good and very complete. Don't destroy all with the widget bug !
This app is REALLY not as good as on the iphone!  On iphone I had a pro account which is not available and also the overall ergonomy doesn't feel good
Nice but buggy. Also, it misses a lot of iphone's equivalent app. I've put 2 stars. When fixed I'll update.
Nice app overall but the 2x1 widget wont show current temp in F unless I click into the app. Makes the widget worthless.
Excellent, but still no isobar charts? How are we suppose to gauge future weather trends?
If the refund period was a little longer than 15 minutes I would return this application. Non intuitive interface. Wasted 2.5 EUR
Its simple to use but if you want your local radar so you can see if a tornado is about to pound your head, get an app that shows good local radar.
Ei toimi suomessa kovin luotettavasti... turha sovellus
I use the weather channel. This app has only a national map. It has access to all the local weather stations closeby, but it is not just all that.
It's good very good but could you make it with more options for changing coluors of the widgets
Very accurate indeed. I now have a way of knowing if rains are going to spoil my day and around what time.
Widgets are very limited ( same color no graphs). The temperature graphs are too small and therefore unreadable. The button bar does not fit into the Android UX and the size of app is too big in my opinion (4 Mb) . It seems that Meteo's weather service isn't accurate enough for me, but I'm not an expert in this area. On the plus side: Very much and detailed information.
Application good if widgets didnt crash and i could get it to display the correct local time in tokyo. Dissapointing.
Ik heb voor mijn eee pad transformer meerdere weer apps geprobeerd, maar heb op basis van screenshots besloten om weatherpro aan te schaffen. Bevalt me erg goed met handige compacte widgets.
Keeps displaying the current temp in C, even when the hi/low is in F. Also settings should have option to set refresh interval.
Before the update everything worked great. The new update brings an improved design which is fine but I find that radar and satellite mode now rarely load, instead I just see a fairly unhelpful no connection image (despite being on wifi with working internet connection). Its a shame because I found the radar info the best thing about this app. I hope it gets fixed soon. HTC Desire HD
Needs several bug fixes. Radar is kinda crap, but lots of good forecasting info. Widget's are pretty buggy, sometimes weather doesn't update for 3hrs
Can not comment on general functionally because as soon as I saw how horrible the radar picture was I returned it. HTC inspire
Very good app but widget keeps switching to Celsius. Ill revise rating if this gets fixed.
What? No "current location" option? Ridiculus! This one only works with a search and favourites mode. Not worth the money
Recently the display got messed up and i see just left two thirds, namely i cant see values for precip etc. I am on Nexus S. When fixed will be *****.
Version 1.1.4 still doesn't display on home screen. Just says 'loading' but never does.
Tried many weather apps and this is easily the best. Well worth the money. Xperia x10
Tried many weather apps and this is easily the best. Well worth the money. Xperia x10
Didn't like it, uninstalled it immediately, they don't refund & I can't get it off my phone. It is uninstalled in the apps mkt but still on my phone.
Agree with all below. What's happened to the current day 3 hour breakdown ? Needs updating real soon .
Beautiful interface. Weather reports arre inconsistent. Day forecast (e.g., 40% chance of rain) doesn't always match hourly (0% rain all day).
Average at best. Sluggish and overpriced Iphone port. Not even features location. Palmary Pro is way better.
Nice app with great features when premium subscriber. Poor weather forecasts for countries with temperate climates like the UK that can have 4 seasons in a day. Not seen any better forecasting elsewhere either, all they do is move forecast foward when they are wrong! May as well look outside and look for myself! It tells me more and is updated!!! So be warned ^ all weather forecasting is shabby, from any service. Tiger Woods complained about it when he was here for the links open, is there a good one?
UI could do with some work. But overall a very good app
Can't figure cut how to add other locations and save them. No directions.
So, I buy the app but still have to have a paid subscription!? Uhm.... NO! Vitus
Limited zoom for radar and satellite. Map is drawn with no detail. It had my area at 20% chance of rain all others 70 and 80s
Its a decent app I guess. Not quite what I was looking for though. I would have kept it if there were more custom options on the wallpaper part besides location.
The largest widget is constantly freesing.
That not be able to change the clock shape, size, colour etc.
Galaxy S2 running ICS, the widgets don't always show the correct location or temp. Stopping and restarting app or phone corrects this. Could be a 5 star app if this fairly large issue is sorted.
As a premium subscriber it will not remember that I want to see 40 images on radar and satellite?,  it keeps defaulting to the non premium 10,  I have emailed and tweeted support and got no response , one star deducted for each .. won't subscribe to premium again,  no point. Other than that forecasts are fairly reliable
Time doesn't change with the phone clock on the widget.
Dropped you from 5 stars to 3 - just got my new Nexus 7 and your widgets crash instantly on placement. Fix please!
Yeah good but this is a paid app... And yet there are 'premium' features?... I thought the idea of paying was to get premium features?...
Looks better with latest update but I can't change my location anymore! Upper left button seems to do nothing except tell me which time zone I'm in.
Maybe still the best but in danger of losing it ...
Nice app, but buggy. Clock on widget frequently freezes and requires manual update.
Radar is quite pixelated when compared to other mobile apps.  Forcasting seems to be really inaccurate when for than 24 hours in advance.  Has repeatedly gotten rain forecasts really wrong, even when the major forecast sites all got it right.
I bought this based on all of the positive reviews. What I found is that the forecasts aren't even close. Tomorrow it's going to be 90, but pro says it's going to be 74. That, and it doesn't always get my location right. Not worth the money. Samsung Galaxy S 3.
Clock does not keep the same time as Google nexus
Time clock and Weather does not update correctly on Homescreen Widget.
The weather is very informative and the time widgets are very nice however I gave it 3 stars because it is misleading. The radar is horrible and if you want the premium radar map you need to pay more. App gets way to expensive for what its worth. To many other good apps out there to pay so much for this one.
This is a great weather app. The only negative is that the time is not in sync with my phone. As I purchased this for the clock & weather widget, its pretty useless. Please fix the clock.
Fix location grab wont detect location anymore :-(
Not bad, but I the radar could be better
The clock widgets do not run on time only updating when the weather updates.. Totally useless as an accurate clock.
Good forecasts but incredibly ugly!! Even after the Holo update the app still is incredibly ugly, really nothing looks good! I don't know who coded the app, but he's an idiot and he doesn't know what he's doing!  Premium features are far too expensive too.
Every time I've needed an accurate report I've used this & it's been pretty much spot on. Have (what I thought was) the paid for premium app however I find there is a further in app upgrade available to open up all the options, that's very bad form MeteoGroup - I've already paid once!!! Sort this out & you'll easily be on for 5 stars from me.
There is no widget on Nexus S ICS
I have tried many weather apps and this appears the most stable,  looks good and easy on battery but they are now asking for annual payment for a few extra features so have dropped rating and now using Weather forecast UK though not as flashy gives weather warnings.
Widgets are gone after last update. No control over update frequency.
Don't like tthe latest update - widget still works but is now black not blue, I.much preferred the old one!! The dangers of auto-update!!
I love the functionality of this application. As a "weather junkie", it has everything I would ever want function-wise; however, the forecast data it uses (at least for my area in central NJ) is horribly inaccurate. Thank goodness for the live radar.
Would have given 5stars but I live in PR and radar option appears grey and doesnt work. Have to use a difrent app for radar
Paying for the app just to find out that inside it you have to pay again for a more detailed weather info is a plain ripoff
Has its pros and cons. Very accurate numbers and updates regularly, but anytime I restart my phone I lose the ability to put widgets on the home screen.
It's called weather pro, but doesn't cover the hourly forecast as well as Accuweather...
It's a pretty good app but the radar and weather tracking functions need work for a paid app. There are free apps that a MUCH more detailed.
Content is stellar but as an app its far to iOS-like. Please update to follow ics guidelines.  Live wallpaper should have an option to remove the writing.
Paid for the app but with the latest upgrade just got an ads for the more premium features  which are waste of UI space
I like the app but i have the settings to farenhite but keeps going back to C's vary enoying
I purchased this app because it looked pretty good and could also be moved to the SD card as my phone is running very low on space. after purchasing this app 'Weatherpro' it did allow me to copy to SD but the quality of the radar wasn't very good at all. on my laptop the 'Puchase button' would just show 'Installed'. I frantically went to Google's app return policy and learned that you can get a refund only through the Play store while on the Applications main page. So while in the play store 'within the 15 minute return window' Menu--> My Apps, then I found the app page and clicked on the 'Refund' button. I believe I got my 2.99 back.
the weather isn't that accurate as i expect it to be (for switzerland). what i question as well is the premium version for an app that already cost me 5 bucks..?! what kind of strategy is this?!
Good app, but read description carefully. There is not a 'free' version, just this paid-for Pro version with limited features. The Premium 'extras' described are obtained by paying an additional  recurring fee  on top of initial download fee.
Could be more interative/interesting-funtional
It lacks Widgets, Widgets and Widgets. Two Widgets just isn't much to choose from.
Forecasts not quite as accurate as predicted. Otherwise, average.
Weather data seems very good but what's with the daft navigation buttons? They take up half the screen! Didn't use to be like that.
Works well but the fonts are small and the layout makes it difficult to read quickly and easily.  Some simple amendments in presentation would improve this app significantly.
Decent but not the most user friendly.
Pretty accurate forecasts. The radar and sat views provide additional data allowing you to better interpret the forecasts. Outstanding value.
I would like to see a more detailed text forecast.
Room for improvement : no premium account, no sorting of favorite locations, poor radar graphics. Other than that works well.
... but how is there supposed to be 40 mins of sunshine at 2am in the UK??
The Widgets randomly disappear and also from the list, have to keep uninstalling
The Widgets randomly disappear and also from the list, have to keep uninstalling
Difficult to get rid of favorites like Brussels!
Good app,  but needs work. Widget not so good.  Doesn't automatically update. Current conditions only on small widget.  Could b more accurate.
Good except annoying bug: radar only updates if you leave app on waether page, start app on weather and then go to radar. Otherwise radar not updated.
Very good weather data, loads of different data types. But current location does not automatically update, useless unless you stay in the same place
IPhone version has a premium subscription which gives mote detail why does this not give you option? Disappointed
Good, apart from the fact that the widget mysteriously vanishes every day, have to uninstall and reinstall to get it back. Tiring when it vanishes
If you buy the full versionyou will have the unpleasant surprise to realise that the long term wheather prognosis shows for 5 days consecutive 20°:'(
Decent app but there are free ones that do about the same or better job
Great little app ... No problems and plenty of useful info.
Not sure yet. Was hammering down with thunder and app said cloudy! My brother in law swears by it though. We shall see...
theoretically cool, but not exactly reliable. a proper refresh function might help the matter
Fair enough as a basic weather app, but it is missing everything that separates it from the rest on iPhone. For the value, you're better off with free
It's good very good but could you make it with more options for changing coluors of the widgets
Disappointed as the website is brilliant for raintoday but disappointed with the functionality and ui on this app also states GPS locating but where?
Keeps displaying the current temp in C, even when the hi/low is in F. Also settings should have option to set refresh interval.
Need the radar to be improved, able to hold my location on map, so I don't have to zoom in every time
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
No option after June 2011 update to include a setting to auto-read location via gps and how often. Developers, see how it is done in Palmary Weather!
Can not comment on general functionally because as soon as I saw how horrible the radar picture was I returned it. HTC inspire
Latest update drops this from 5 to 3 stars. Widget and main app won't allow favourited cities to be default on home screens.
I do like the aesthetics and all, but I do have a couple issues. First, the widget keeps wanting to change back to Celcius even though the settings in the app are Fahrenheit. Also, when switching over the radar for a particular location, it is not centered on the location. I often have to move the map considerably to see my location.
After update, more faster than before. But, without widget, gps location option yet.
After update, more faster than before. But, without widget, gps location option yet.
Version 1.1.4 still doesn't display on home screen. Just says 'loading' but never does.
This has been on my Desire for 2 weeks now - on the SD - no problems at all. The forecasts also very good (UK)
Fab weather app but new widget service crashes Desire til move to SD disables it.
Bad iPhone / IPad clone. No landscape view, low res radar / map view. Where are the trendlines that iPad has ? No notification / status bar info
Brilliant on iphone, slow on Galaxy S. Also, home screen widget disappears on reboot!
Was 5 star but since current day breakdown has gone missing it's much less useful. Still good app but needs fixing to be great again
Was quite good. Seems to now be missing the details of the day you are on. Not good
Excellent! Had it before on my iPhone. Have it now again on my Galaxy S. Beats the default weather app by far. Thanks.
Good app. Only, it is too big. I'm out of space, so I don't use it. Really, really needs move2SD.
Average at best. Sluggish and overpriced Iphone port. Not even features location. Palmary Pro is way better.
Best app ive seen for weather so far. Worth the money. Some small bugs, date is incorrect in one view. Ice cream sandwich buttons sparser than before. Overall very happy
At least for Switzerland this app has the most correct weather forecasts. Most other apps are way off. Obviously this is the only criterium that really matters for a weather app.  What is annoying however, compared to the iphone app, and unchanged since 2 years: the favorites cannot be reordered. New favorites are added at the end.
Since the last update, the widget disappeared ! Now there is no widget, i couldn't find it and i can't add it.
Clear, consise forecasts in a user-friendly format
Why has it stopped working? I love this app and have had it for over a year but now it just wont open anymore :-(
Its a hot august day here in phoenix, 113 degrees farenheit and sunny. Thia app says its only 77 degrees and raining.
Very good for anything a couple of days out. Not so great for anything over that. Radar and satellite screens handy.
Good app, but when you already paid for it, why do we have to pay again for premium services. Nuts.
Good app, but when you already paid for it, why do we have to pay again for premium services. Nuts.
Good weather app, would love to see more options and weather info but still a great app.
Better than weather app.
Difference between my real location and the automatic location from the application is 15 km. (Mae On instead  San Kamphaeng in Thailand) Impossible to modify the location even if my real location is in the list. I regret to buy. I remove.
Its a good app but if the model simulations went a bit further, it would be better
Excallent ap, very accurate for Greek seas
Everythinhg is fine. I do not give the 5th star because the location does not always update in the background....
Gives good weather info in a nice format, only problem is the rather low resolution, especially widgets don't look nice on my HTC One X.
Ok weather app But you need a subscription  even after purchasing to use all functions. Are you kidding me!?
Great app but needs slightly higher resolution live wallpaper an I would be 5 star from me.
WeatherPro does what I expect from a weather app,it gives me a daily no nonsense view of the weather for my town and is usually accurate.
Great app, best weather app in my opinion. The new design is great as well.  I don't like the new (and old) widgets though. I can't customize anything and the default look is not my taste. Color; clock style; days in the forecast...all should be configurable. Maybe in a future version. Then it would be an easy 5 star rating.
The great app to look @ your weather.
Good interface, as reliable as anything else
All I can say is it does what it suppose to do.
Best weather app
Radar says rain when its not please update to more accurate one please
Nice app, but buggy. Clock on widget frequently freezes and requires manual update.
Bought basic app and premium upgrade. Not satisfied with this app at all. Temp and forecast is completely off and wrong. Time of day is also wrong and not in sync with phone. Hopefully, the devs are working to correct these issues. I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone in the shape it's in today. A lot of work needs to be done to correct the issues. Dave G. USA Md.
Better than other apps
Good app for both tablet and phone (HTC sensation). Well worth the price.
No options on radar for a paid version.????
Accurate data. Finally: better (more info and "nicer") widgets. Bug: time (widget) is not updated regularly...
Great weather forecast, I would appreciate more choices for the clock /weather widget.
Diese app hatte ich auf android immer vermisst. Zwar noch nicht ganz so toll wie aufm iphone, denke das wird aber noch..
the app is very cool, has a ton of features. the weather source though it could be improved i guess.  and no, nobody needs 14days prognosis when you can't have an accurate two days.
Paid for pro, now if i want a 14 day forcast its going to cost me more, thats not right in my eyes. ( what you call unfair. )
Great app. It has all you need to know about the local weather and some. In fact I spend allot of time looking through all the charts and graphs.
Awesome app, have tried others but always come back to weather pro. Missing last star because color scheme isn't exactly the most elegant, otherwise great app.
Good app
Very precise. The radar map is top and allows predicting the rain on your city within hour
had this on my phone about six months now & cant fault it. Accurate, informative and even gets the weather right at the F1 circuits so far this year, hope that hasnt jinx it lol The new premium feature gives it a little extra if you are prepared to pay but remember this is a free app, those who complain forget to mention that. enjoy! its worth it.
But now after many complains little bit better...
App works quite well, but why would I pay a subscription when there are other apps to chose from?
would prefer to be able to overide the location services permanently for my location as it detects I am in Holland andI am in the UK!
Its would be better if the live wallpaper animation can be changed automatically when wifi/gprs is off and widget please
Functionally good, but visually terrible, especially the widget, hard to read. No auto-location, no configurable updates. Too bad no refund possible.
Nice update, makes the interface a lot better, but no widgets appear on HTC One X
Very good app overall and I have upgraded to the premium version. Got it principally for going to the Monaco Grand Prix - it was accurate to a point and kept changing. The initial forecast of thunderstorms changed to warm and sunny but we still had the mother of all storms and torrential rain!
I purchased used for 2 mins then the refund option disappeared.I WANT A REFUND
Great application nice to have a 14 day forecast
Well worth the money for such a great app. So much info even if its to plan a bbq.. Hopefully one day we could see a lightning locator added  that would top this as the best app on android
Simply the best weather app I downloaded so far. Pretty advanced too. I like it.
Wish it would stay on my city.     Any way to fix that it Jumps around , widget and the program its self. ?
Great detail, love it!
Excellent software.  Lacking good radar for US.  Forecasts seem to be VERY accurate.
I ride a motorcycle pretty much year round. this app keep me informed about riding conditions. Wind information and humidity are really helpful.
Yes this is what it says.Who in gods name believes any app ,tv forcast can predict a forcast 2 weeks in advance !!??
Simply put, its a very nice weatherapp!
Great app.
Easy to use and navigate. Interface is a lil funky and feels geared more for European customers. But still good.
I wish it was cheaper but it's a decent app and I use it a lot.
But why the premium content - in a paid app I find this annoying.
Great app! But I paid for the premium upgrade and never got it despite contacting them.. But even the basic app is great!
No doubt, one of the best weather apps. Provides lots of info. I love the My Location feature! It's so nice not to have to manually add a bunch of locations. In my original review I said I couldn't find the sunrise/set times, but I did find them. However they're kind of hidden. Would be nice to have them in a more prominent place. Also, the widget could be  cleaner...text for date/time is very tiny. Remove the app name to save space... No need to advertise yourself when I already bought the  app!
Very good app with detailed info.
I love the satellite cloud footage.
Its a very good App,use it often and i prefer it to ios version.
most accurate by far
I like
Nice presentation of maps and forecasts. Widget is nice so far, a little bit more customization would be nice. Aggressive advertisement of premium service in a paid app really sucks. There is a reference in the prefs which is OK. But having it in the app itself is not acceptable in a paid app. Since new version advertising for premium services can be completely disabled. So no more real complaints.
Both pro and standard versions excellent accuracy is pretty good.
Comprehensive weather information offered on even small South African towns. Having to buy the app and  pay again for premium features unwelcome.
It's a bit too complicated.  I miss a quick weather overview, when I'm in a rush.
Very good but a but complicated.
Most of the time. Radar a bit unstable. Forecast seems more accurate than most.
This is the one of many I have tried and over the last 3 months or so it appears to be the most accurate. A data log to record actual weather conditions would get it the elusive fifth star
The free version is excellent. Beats the Met office and BBC everytime.
Clear and easy to use. Accuracy is generally fairly good.
Good product, best of type.
Hope Android version catches up with hourly predictions.
Does what it says on the can & does it well. Geolocation would be a good add on
Does verything it should and with accurate forecasts
Excellent app, best weather app I have used
Provides consistently accurate weather info. Wish political subdivisions were shown in USA.
What an amazing weather app! Full of detail! If you could have a choice of a black/dark theme for the app and widget then this gets 5stars****! :)
and better forecast than other sources. Still no widget customization. Will give 5 stars if could have dark background.
The seven day forecast with three hour increments us useful for VFR flight planning, I just wish that screen included ceiling height
Far more use than the BBC weather. The best weather app there is.
Possibly one of the better weather apps on Android for the price and considerably more accurate considering there is not a great choice of apps covering UK or Europe.Needs auto location detector and auto update to provide view of weather where you are.Having to manually find and select nearest location is a bore when on the move.The info presentstion and UI is a bit dated but an app worth having.
Works well but the fonts are small and the layout makes it difficult to read quickly and easily.  Some simple amendments in presentation would improve this app significantly.
Works well. Like the radar and satellite views.
Very familiar apt ala tv
Shows correct local temperature
Local Temperature appears to be accurate than other applications
Not bad app. Improvents could be made.
Great.  <3
Great on up iPad, iPhone, pretty good on Android. Weather geeks must have....
Too much an iOS app. We have menu, search, etc.. Buttons. Use them! And a my position weather would be great.
Live wallpapers is an excellent feature. Interface a bit strange in places but everything works
Well worth the £2.09
Verlässliche Vorhersage .
But widget doesn't show current temperature, that only shows the high and low
Perfect forecast
Better radar would make it great!
Good weather app does what it says.
Nice product, simple to use
Is doing what should. Sometimes is not so clear how to find what is needed. But work as expected. Like this...
I tried other weather apps that were better, but this one can run from the sd card. That's what sold me. LG Optimis.
Good app but would be so much better with the premium add ons as per the iPhone version that gives you 14 day weather at hourly intervals.
This app has become indispensable to me
Works great on my first gen Moto Droid, and the forecasts are more accurate than other souces. No conflicts that I'm aware of.
Excellent, add all the favourite places you like to visit and get accurate forcasts
Brilliant
Great app if you need to know what weather is nearing your location
Good app,  but needs work. Widget not so good.  Doesn't automatically update. Current conditions only on small widget.  Could b more accurate.
A very useful app. Use it every day. Only improvement I can think of is I would like to see a pressure chart, perhaps as an overlay on the satellite.
Its a great app but its lately been getting inaccurate. When it says rain in Burnley like today its not rained.  Suggestion: State weather station
Best one for the money. No problems so far. Way more indepth than any free one. Worth the buy.
Love the sat/radar views. Info is a little cramed together and could be presented better but still very worth the 2.09 great app
I notice that when you apply the Application as a widget it displays it in a small box on my home screen on my Galaxy S2.
Not configurable widget made my decision of only 4, not 5 stars... otherwise, great app... congrats and make at least widget color change possible.
Perfect App except it does not have a "share"option. Please add one, thanks!
Would be excellent if radar over layed on google maps!
Would be excellent if radar over layed on google maps!
Could have 5 stars if widget had short info.
Very good although it has locked up a few times.
It's cool, but what's with the radar and satellite views? All I see is the planet with a huge explosion coming! Does that mean where all going to die?
Great app with lots of well presented data. I would like it even better if I could buy the future rain radar predictions etc as in the Apple version.
Very good app. Informative, easy to use & more functional than weatherchannel & weatherbug. But suddenly the widget disappeared & I cannot re-add it
Would be nice if 2 x 1 widget used application settings for temperature scale.
Graphics are good on the HTC Inspired, but gets blurry when you try to zoom in.
it works and it do it flawlessy. no background ghost service, quick and speedy. A black background for super amoled display will be top of the notch!
it works and it do it flawlessy. no background ghost service, quick and speedy. A black background for super amoled display will be top of the notch!
Great! Would be even better if location-aware so it shows me the weather where i currently am
This is a very useful app. The radar animation of rain fall I find invaluable as I love to go out with my 2 dogs and can see if I will need a coat.
Great little app ... No problems and plenty of useful info.
Great little app ... No problems and plenty of useful info.
Great little app ... No problems and plenty of useful info.
Great app, but please, make widgets with transparent backround and let the user set refresh schedule like in all other weather apps out there
Great app, but please, make widgets with transparent backround and let the user set refresh schedule like in all other weather apps out there
Would be 5 stars but can't get the radar to work.What happened to my widget!??!???
Excellent, but still no isobar charts? How are we suppose to gauge future weather trends?
Der Inhaltlich ist hervorragend , die FORM betraechtlich bis stark verbesserungsbeduerftig. so ist zB das 2*1 Widget eine QUAL fuers Auge ... etc
Perfect level of detail & very accurate. Best weather app by far.
Would be 5 star if it could do hour by hour as the iphone application can
Good app. Forecasts seem to be accurate. Screens can be too cluttered at times, but there is a lot of info to communicate. Recommend it. (SGS2).
I chose this app from Meteo because I use their weather data at work and find it accurate and comprehensive. I like the precipitation radar so I was disappointed to see that it is historic when I know they can forecast precipitation very well.
I chose this app from Meteo because I use their weather data at work and find it accurate and comprehensive. I like the precipitation radar so I was disappointed to see that it is historic when I know they can forecast precipitation very well.
Nice
Fair enough as a basic weather app, but it is missing everything that separates it from the rest on iPhone. For the value, you're better off with free
Works great!
The best weather app by far. Radar and satellite to see approaching rain, and hourly fcast for current day gives a real feel for short term weather.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
Great full-featured app. Would be a five star if the aesthetics were more up to date.
Streets ahead of weatherbug elite. This app has features that actually work with tons of info great app.
I still havent noticed how accurate the forecasts are, but the app is awesome,but a better, more readable widget would be nice though
WeatherPro works perfectly. I would like it even better with a more modern interface. The current one looks like windows vista...
Nice app with many great features. The radar is very poor quality but overall well worth the money.
Very good except the sat image gets stuck on the wrong part of the world sometimes. Local weather predictions are accurate and updated regularly.
'Current' conditions need to be updated much closer to real time. Every hour really stinks! Especially since the rest of the program is so awesome!
'Current' conditions need to be updated much closer to real time. Every hour really stinks! Especially since the rest of the program is so awesome!
Tried a lot of weather apps, this is the best without question. Love the graphs!
Not quite as good as the iphone version, but still my favoutite. Bring it up to the same standard and it's a 5 star
Have been using this on an iPhone for a couple of years, now on a Desire S and am very pleased with it. Probably as good a forecast as you will get.
Have been using this on an iPhone for a couple of years, now on a Desire S and am very pleased with it. Probably as good a forecast as you will get.
Useful weather app. Nice data on almost any global location. But I'd expect a synoptic chart for a complete weather app experience, so one star off.
Once I figured out how to get specific locations for weather the rating went to 4stars.
Fastest weather yet on my Streak 5. So far, tops in accuracy too. But, to my shallow tastes, ugly. How about a dark (non-blue) option? Or skins?
Great app, accurate too. Does it provide forecasts into the future, eg, later on in the day like the iPhone version?
Good app, with detailed forecasts at a range of locations. Radar is poor res however and widget is disappointing and could do more.
Need the radar to be improved, able to hold my location on map, so I don't have to zoom in every time
Very precise and elaborate forecasts. A must-have if weather information is important for you
Among the best of the weather apps for Europe; navigation is a bit clunky, but the app is fast and stable and provides accurate, detailed forecasts.
Good app but im forced to refund didnt c an option for a status bar temp icon
Had this app for two years on my iphone use it constantly and would not be without it, hence I have bought it again for my new android phone!
Had this app for two years on my iphone use it constantly and would not be without it, hence I have bought it again for my new android phone!
Had this app for two years on my iphone use it constantly and would not be without it, hence I have bought it again for my new android phone!
Excellent app with good info. I like the navigation but am not very keen on the UI. Could be made more stylish.
Excellent, probably the best weather app available. Comprehensive information & coverage yet straight forward & intuitive to use. Nice one!
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This is a fantastic app but since the latest update I can no longer open - doh!
Widget keeps switching between C and F and will not stay at F. Update 1: developer put up a n update that appears to have fixed the issue.... thanks..
Widget keeps switching between C and F and will not stay at F. Update 1: developer put up a n update that appears to have fixed the issue.... thanks..
Recent update is well worth a couple of quid, reliable and great for checking places around the world..keep up the great work.
It's nice how it breaks every thing. There's slot of info which I like thank you.
I have weather pro on my iphone also and find it very useful. The only thing i could suggest is enlarging the graphs when the phone is rotated.
Excellent weather app but what happened to the back button in the June 2011 update? How do you get back to the home screen without exiting the app?
Widget has bug with temperature alway going back to celsius. Otherwise very complete weather app.
Can not comment on general functionally because as soon as I saw how horrible the radar picture was I returned it. HTC inspire
Very good app but widget keeps switching to Celsius. Ill revise rating if this gets fixed.
Location button overlaps Settings on android 2.1. No forecast on radar. No graphs. Inferior to iphone app. Wait for version 2!
I do like the aesthetics and all, but I do have a couple issues. First, the widget keeps wanting to change back to Celcius even though the settings in the app are Fahrenheit. Also, when switching over the radar for a particular location, it is not centered on the location. I often have to move the map considerably to see my location.
Excellent app, however where is the Premium edition as with my IPhone edition. Love the widget.
Had the iPhone version and while that version is a massive step up graphically the android version is still nice to use.
Version 1.1.4 still doesn't display on home screen. Just says 'loading' but never does.
Excellent app. Lots of detail and pretty accurate. I'm looking forward to the widget in the next update.
Good. Needs some work but it works well now. Like to see the lag reduced a bit when switching pages.
Good app. Only, it is too big. I'm out of space, so I don't use it. Really, really needs move2SD.
Rain radar not much use for channel islanders - I'm still using browser ver. Back button kicks you out of app, otherwise all other features are great.
Agree that installation on SD card would be great as this is a large app!
Brilliant
At least for Switzerland this app has the most correct weather forecasts. Most other apps are way off. Obviously this is the only criterium that really matters for a weather app.  What is annoying however, compared to the iphone app, and unchanged since 2 years: the favorites cannot be reordered. New favorites are added at the end.
This app is great
Works very well, good information and so far accurate, unlike others I have tried.
Clear, consise forecasts in a user-friendly format
Works very well. Good forecasts in an easy to understand layout. Reliable on ics using HTC one s. First class weather app.
Best weather app.
I particularly like the 3 hourly steps with forecast for a whole week. Also the radar plot is especially useful for light aircraft pilots as it can be zoomed to show precise position of storms. The radar plot for France is shown if viewing a French weather, very intuitive.
Excellent app - recommended!
Graphics nice and smooth on One X now. Wind arrow circles need to be a bit darker to show arrows more clearly. News stories should reflow to fit screen.
Gr8
The best weather app.
When you go pro this app is the bomb
This has always been the most accurate of my weather apps and this is a great update
I've tried a fair few weather apps but in my opinion, this is the best. Great widget, great app. The UI is easy to navigate but most important of all, the forecast is the most accurate I've come across!
Miss the hourly forecasts and other 'pro' features from iPhone. No place to 'log in'. :(
Not only a great app which is regularly updated with new features but very importantly is the most accurate weather forecast I've found.
The best weather app out there!
It's hard to know what the weather's going to do next, but this has a fair stab at it. Expresses in probabilities rather than meaningless certainties, and this is why it works. Excellent app.
Just a brilliant app!
Good app.
Great update. Keep up the good work
Awesome app always acurate
Muito bom
Clock bug on widget fixed now 5 stars nice app
Good weather app, would love to see more options and weather info but still a great app.
Amazing application! if you like weather you need this app
Great app, just what I was looking for. You get what you pay for.
Of all those tried this is the best - worth the money.
If your looking for a "weather app" then this is the one to buy. I have used this app for the last 3 years. It's very accurate and and has never let me down. If you want an even more accurate forcast, you have the option for hourly weather predictions by purchasing their "premium upgrade". A few pound more, but I think it's well worth it! If you have a problem with this app, contact customer services. They are fantastic! They provide a swift response, explained in a clear understandable language, helping you with your problem. Nothing is too much for these guys. They bend over backwards to make sure their customers are happy. This is my honest opinion. You won't be dissapointed. Buy it, don't buy it; The choice is yours!
Would be nice to tap or double-tap the display to switch between the first four and last four days in the sub-displays (precipitation, pressure   etc). This would save having to swipe each element in turn.
Nothing to complain abiut
Great application,  impressive graphics,  and lots of information. Well worth while.
Live radar images...awesome app.
Schnelle App, aktuelle und detaillierte Daten. Erheblich besser als die kostenlosen Wetter-Apps.
great app..easy to follow..works great..
You pay for what you get. If you don't want PRO then don't buy it ! Awesome and most of all, very accurate. Best weather app there is.
Use this app daily and it never let's me down. Friends and family were quite bemused on how my weather forecasting skills had become so good. Great app, keep up the good work.
Not found it to be wrong (unlike loads of others) yet. Very accurate, and I use it for obscure locatoms such as motor racing circuits all over Europe. Superb.
Nice and clean interface. Wish it did my location updating. If it does, I haven't figured it out yet though :P
Well worth the money, and in my opinion the premium features.
The definitive weather app on any platform. Excellent features and if you have premium membership from iOS then it also works for android.
Excellent
It is a excellent weather app. Best one I have had  Yet keep up the good work.
The best
Excellent program, just what I've been looking for. Seems to be very accurate so far.
Thanks very good app very reliable I use for paragliding and must say the forecast are spot on .
I've had my android phone for 18 months now and this is the first weather app I've tried that I would recommend. The widget screen doesn't always seem to be accurate but the app itself is spot on. So much so that the rest of my family ask me what the weather is going to do rather than rely on regular forecasts.
Beste værapp jeg har prøvd.
Beste værapp jeg har prøvd.
Sometimes have to clear the data to get widget to continue updating. And is you fancy locking your phone up completely, try placing the widget before openeing the app on a fresh install LOL. Programming fail. But otherwise good app
They don't win the prize for beauty, but the prize for the most accurate weather forecasts.
Great detailed coverage of europe with good and clear interface. For those of us enduring uk summer, great for looking at how sunnier parts of europe are faring...and planning where to go!
Great!
HTC Desire, Samsung Galaxy Tab. I don't seem to have any bugs with program or widget other people are experiencing. Good interface and forecasts have been very accurate although rainfall amount has been off on occasion - no biggie.
I have this on my iPhone 4s, on my iPad and now on my Samsung Galaxy S3; my wife uses it,  and my children use it. 'Nuff said.
Loads better than blackberry and half the price
I like the quality of forecast. Almost always true
All i want is an app that is semi accurate. Weather Pro is the closest thing i have found to accurate. Great app. Enjoy.
Very  accurate
Widget time isn't always up to date - please can you fix this?
Excellent, worth the money
It's simply the best weather app,  specially if you travel a lot. There are lots of good weather apostar for the USA, this one is the best for whole world.
No land marks on radar features or and display is like bad 1985 video games can't believe I paid for this junk
Brilliant
Best weather app available
Thumbs up from me. Tells me everything and more, I need to know about mother nature and her intentions....
I really like this app.  It's quite accurate, and the radar is good.
Very good app. The best in the market.
Good app
Awesome app works well
Super app! Easily my most used app and most accurate too.
Muito bom.. Parabéns ao desenvolvedores.
Works great.  Love the widget also.
I want to thank the developer of this program it is very accurate forecast and the radar is great. many thanks'
Best. That's all
The most aesthetically beautiful weather app on the market.  Location feature is really nice.  New widgets are better but could use some improvement.  Can now uncheck "Show Premium" in the Settings so as not to be bothered by such things when app has been purchased!
The best weather app i have used had this on my iphobe as well and found it to be really accurate
Excellent
I need accurate weather for work (& it helps for planning dog walks too !). The radar sequence is what makes this app great. While the forecasting is better than other sources, its not perfect, but the radar picture eliminates this shortcoming & makes accurate short term prediction possible.
In my opinion the most comprehensive weather app available on Android. Highly recommended by me! :-)
When all sorts of other weather sites are wrong about what is happening, this one is precise and accurate. A well spent $2.99!
WeatherPro is a first class full featured weather app. Highly recommended.
WeatherPro is a first class full featured weather app. Highly recommended.
Love it, very good app
It appears you require updates to make this app worth while. Pro is very
In my opinion the best weather software on the market, forecast accuracy and with the latest interface nice interface improvements on my Galaxy Note
Just fix the time.
Just fix the time.
This is by far the best weather app i have tried. The animated rainfall radar and satellite images are superb with high quality and easy to see graphics. The forecast sections are also very good. It is best suited to people who have a keen interest in the weather as the information given is up to professional standards as the name of the app suggests. Casual users just looking for a general forecast might find it too technical for them. A friend recommended it to me and i would highly recommend it to anybody else who has an interest in the weather while out and about with their phone.
Excellent weather app, look forward to full cover for new zealand
Very well built product. Professional look and feel. Fully functioned. Tried to think of an enhancement suggestion. Couldn't! It's not easy developing for android due to the number of platforms. Report defects and be patient.  This dev is really trying hard imo. And no, this is NOT some friend of the dev. Just a reasonable punter. All this for a few pounds. Good value!
This app now gets 5 stars as all my hopes for added features have come true. I now use this more than any other for weather.
Accurate information, great feature set and for a small fee the additional premium features like forecast radar are and 10 weather forcasts are great. There's a lot of functionality to explore. Get it, its the best weather app by far!
Very accurate. Never let's you down.
Just as great on Android. Love it.
Sehr gutes und detailliertes Wetterapp. Die neue Optik der Widgets gefällt!
Still the best weather app for accuracy and information.
Beautiful new widgets
Accurate. Great UI. Works well on my galaxy prevail. Thanks!
Lot's of well presented information
Had this on ipod and sgs2 for 3 years now and its the most accurate weather info there is. Just installed new update and liked the big widget with the clock!!
Accurate and detailed. Love the new slick layout.
Best weather app on android
Best ever update
Great update. Keep it up!
Great before and latest update even better looks good and works well.
This is the best weather app available
An outstanding meteo program, with all the functionality I wanted.
Much better than weather bug.
A great weather app with easy to understand graphics and quite detailed information for those wanting to 'get under the bonnet'.    I would certainly recommend it.
Well worth upgrading to pro. Really like the weather graffics
What can I say. Most accurate and reliable weather service for me  :-) No tech issues so far. Galaxy SII
excellent. the free version is pretty comprehensive
The best weather app i have used
Lots of detail if you need it, easy to see the data and to navigate. Love it (tablet HD version is great too)
I'm using weatherpro since 2 years, and its the most precise weather prediction ever. Keep up the good work.. Thanks.
Best weather app on the market.
I purchased used for 2 mins then the refund option disappeared.I WANT A REFUND
Work perfect on galaxy  s2
Work perfect on galaxy  s2
great weather app,no problems at all
Still love it!
I have used this for about 2 years and now I swear by it. Even more accurate than met office. You can plan your day around this. Perfect since I have a 2 year old I ALWAYS consult this app before stepping foot out of the house. This must of been designed by god as its almost never wrong. The hour by hour breakdown is the best thing about it. So pay up and be the envy of your friends when your the only one with and umbrella on a sunny, as you hve this app, you know better.....
I have used this for about 2 years and now I swear by it. Even more accurate than met office. You can plan your day around this. Perfect since I have a 2 year old I ALWAYS consult this app before stepping foot out of the house. This must of been designed by god as its almost never wrong. The hour by hour breakdown is the best thing about it. So pay up and be the envy of your friends when your the only one with and umbrella on a sunny, as you hve this app, you know better.....
Love it
Nice app.
Best weather application available
Love it
Love it
Great weather program, very helpful radar cloud mapping.
Well designed and no obvious bugs. I am very happy with this app
Well designed and no obvious bugs. I am very happy with this app
Well designed and no obvious bugs. I am very happy with this app
Excellent
Very easy to use and accurate.  Definatley recommend.
Welcome news
More accurate than other forecasts. I would really prefer to have a more detailed widget and temperature in notification bar.
Really useful
Really useful
Very nice app. Would be nice just to recieve a single rainfall image when on allow connection.
Was my favourite weather app in Europe and works perfect in Japan!
Bra
And of course, very accurate and detailed forecast. But some features (satelite map) not available for all countries.
Very accurate and good value too!
Very accurate and good value too!
I have been looking for a really good weather app for months! Definitely worth the buy.
Superb we don't move without checking Weatherpro.
Supberb best on android
BEST WEATHER APP
Weatherpro is on point...
Best weather app by miles, for the detailed information and accuracy. Excellent.
Very helpful for fishing and camping.
Great app! But I paid for the premium upgrade and never got it despite contacting them.. But even the basic app is great!
The best weather app. At least for europe.
Installed easily on Droid Inc 2. Widgets all work. Radar and Sat maps are nice. Would like to see "street view" radar. GPS works too.
Good app folks.
Good app folks.
Great Application, does what it says and then some.   Galaxy Nexus ICS user.
The radar is one big map of the usa. Then i paid for the app and they update it. Now they want more money to heterosexual the forecast
By far the best weather appon any platform.
Good, and v accurate. Feel I can pretty much rely on it!
I have been using other weather apps for several years. For the reason I use a weather application this one definitely deserves 5 stars.
Far and away the most detailed and accurate and professional and well worth the money.
Best money can buy
Tried them all...this is the best....especially if you're a weather geek
Does and displays everything that I want.
I found the data in this app to be comprehensive and accurate
WeatherPro is truely a great app. Still waiting for PollenPro for Android. Thanks!!
This weather app is the best I've come across - loads of information and very user-friendly. Why can't the Met Office produce an app this good?
WeatherPro is a very complete and accurate application, even for a sailer like me sailing many races. Its all there up to a surprisingly level of detail. Beats even the desktop application from MeteoGroup!
Accurate and beautiful widget on my sammy galaxy s2
Accurate and beautiful widget on my sammy galaxy s2
Great app well worth it :)
Paid enough for premium, now we need to pay again? Don't upgrade!
got much better with latest releases. MUCH BETTER!
You get what you pay for!
I bought this application twice, once on my ipod the other on my S2, great job very accurate..
Great app, but I hope that we can change the bagground.
I like it. Very easy and simple.
I luv this. Apps. No match best. Of the bests
very precise weather forecast
Best weather App by a MILE!
Great ap
very good program
Forecasts & choice of locations good. Interface pleasant. Hasn't failed me yet!
Works great
Does what it says on the tin!
Does what it says on the tin!
What a great app! My OH has had this on his iphone for ages and it's always spot on. We used it when we were on in France last year, and it was just as good there. Unlike a couple of other weather apps I've tried, it doesn't assume that weather only happens in the US!
What a great app! My OH has had this on his iphone for ages and it's always spot on. We used it when we were on in France last year, and it was just as good there. Unlike a couple of other weather apps I've tried, it doesn't assume that weather only happens in the US!
The most accurate application for eastern Ukraine. Almost all time exact values.
I cycle regularly to work and rely on the latest forecasts to determine my best options ahead of leaving the office or home. The radar report is invaluable for this. Thanks meteogroup!
Best weather app. out there.
Excellent best weather site by for UK
Great app for my Acer tablet.
Great application, detailed and accurate!
As fell walker in the U.K. I find the premium version excellent.
I tried every one but this is the best 100% exact
the weather man is wrong, this app is not. Good job!
Used to be 5 star, now want more money for no new features in the US.
ever
Great app and very reliable and accurate.
Honestly, people expect everything for nothing these days. This was already an excellent weather app. I used it on iPhone and was missing the Premium features when I moved to Android.  The increased data available with the subscription is worth <£5 a year in my opinion, and even better my old 12 month subscription from my iPhone was accepted on my Android app :-)
Great app.All who say its a rip off missunderstand.All pro features are still there,premium version gives u so much more.i stick up for u weather pro.
Great app and a good price. Easy to understand and highly acurate. I use it alot
Really great and accurate  Use it all the time
Good weather app for UK. Have paid for premium and it's even better.  Can't always expect things for nothing and so far seems worth it. Good response to query from developer.
Yes! Been waiting ages for this!
Its better then the BBC and Sky weather reports. It's the dogs bollocks!
Must have been server related. Still a great app.
About time this updated on part with the iPhone app! This app worth the radar alone! The best weather app out there!
Officially my favourite Weather app! especially with the Premium features! Not sure what other features i'd like now!
This is awesome. Makes all the others look cheap and nasty. Accurate, LOADS of info, looks very professional.
Best ever
Used their web site for 2 years. Always very reliable predictions  (I am any weather bike rider). App in a early development stage, already very useful. Switzerland - Samsung Galaxy 2
So far it has worked great. Used in several cities, countries and continents.
Excellent app, accurate forecasts
Best weather app  .
Best weather app in market....
Best weather app in market....
This is "hands down" the *Best* weather app available and very well worth the cost requested. The "real time" radar is extremely accurate. I think the Developer is simply Brilliant.  HTC EVO 4G
Forecasts not quite as accurate as predicted. Otherwise, average.
I have been using this app for one month. The radar images are too general. The program asks for your location but the radar covers the entire US. Why?
I have been using this app for one month. The radar images are too general. The program asks for your location but the radar covers the entire US. Why?
Good app
Good looking, everything works displays properly - best of the many I tried.
Amazing accrute weather info
Excellent and seems to be very accurate.
Provides consistently accurate weather info. Wish political subdivisions were shown in USA.
Very good app.
Weather development through the day. Very useful if you ride a motorbike all year.
Great and improving.
Best application I found so far... It delivers what promises and much more...No problems or bugs. Droid Razr
What an amazing weather app! Full of detail! If you could have a choice of a black/dark theme for the app and widget then this gets 5stars****! :)
Very good app every one should get it
Very accurate data, nicely displayed.
Very accurate data, nicely displayed.
The seven day forecast with three hour increments us useful for VFR flight planning, I just wish that screen included ceiling height
Far more use than the BBC weather. The best weather app there is.
I travel across the US. on a daily basis, I have used every weather ap available on both android and iphone. This one is without a doubt the best one of them all. The wallpaper works fantastically on my Galaxy S. Only sugestion I would have is to add video clip forecasts......
I travel across the US. on a daily basis, I have used every weather ap available on both android and iphone. This one is without a doubt the best one of them all. The wallpaper works fantastically on my Galaxy S. Only sugestion I would have is to add video clip forecasts......
Amazing must get
By far the best weather application I have used. Many thanks to the development team.
Fantastic app. Got this when a farmer on an Irish tv programme i was watching recommended it.
I have this on all my devices! It's best described as a Nerds wet dream! Enough said.
Works like a champion
Pretty accurate forecasts. The radar and sat views provide additional data allowing you to better interpret the forecasts. Outstanding value.
Pretty accurate forecasts. The radar and sat views provide additional data allowing you to better interpret the forecasts. Outstanding value.
Pretty accurate forecasts. The radar and sat views provide additional data allowing you to better interpret the forecasts. Outstanding value.
best weather app that I have used. Information is generally accurate.
Very accurate forecasts, every village covered, application as should be. I am using it for long time, before on iPhone.
Excellent & very detailed will let you know how accurate after next week when I'm in Tenerife for a week!
Comprehensive, detailed, and beautifully organised for the smartphone screen. The scrollable graphs ought to be vertically linked, but best by FAR!
Very familiar apt ala tv
Better than expected, trend/history graphs very good, (top right graphic button) first class app.  
Elfin
Soooo easy to use, accurate, fast, love it :)!!!!
I am really enjoying this app.  I have been using other weather application but this is the most accurate one. I just love it.
Awesome AP, so happy that I didn't get side tracked by some of the less satisfied buyers. My virus protection comes from Europe and now my android weather service . . . . both six star + and money well spent. Can't say enough about the look and feel AND functionality of WeatherPro. As a pilot and traveler, I both enjoy and require a fine tuned mobil AP and this it IT!!!
Does exactly as stated on Incredible 2.
Does exactly as stated on Incredible 2.
Does exactly as stated on Incredible 2.
Does exactly as stated on Incredible 2.
So far has been spot on, easy to use and plenty of information, can't fault it.
Does what it says it does. Lots of features. None of the g
Does what it says it does. Lots of features. None of the g
Amazing app
Does what it says
i wish a slightly different widget, i.e. with a big instant temperature for home city and forecast for the next 3days below or beside.  otherwise 5*!!
Well designed. Copes with low res HTC Wildfire. Absolutely worth the money.
Live wallpapers is an excellent feature. Interface a bit strange in places but everything works
If you are interested in weather this is a must have. Best in genre.
Very accurate, does what it says, and works just as well on a tablet.
Impressed
Really loving the new life wallpaper. Very nice job!
Brilliant
Great
Great
Probably the best weather app for Android 2.2
Work on the Clyde driving tugs and I need to know how the weather will affect my. A great App...recommended
A must have !
I love it, best forecasts.
Excellent!!! I tried many as I need it for vital reasons like mountaineering and flying. This is the best one. Very precise and practical UI.
Informative, intuitive UI, easy to customise. Much faster than BBC weather.
User friendly current weather however u want to view it. Use Android...no problems.
The best weather application ever.  5 stars
Very good and worth the small cost...
Very good and worth the small cost...
Very good and worth the small cost...
Realy good, updates all the time, is fast, every city is online. Great!
Best android weather app I've come across. Mostly, it's fast. Plus, it does everything it promises and does it with a very appealing interface.
Best android weather app I've come across. Mostly, it's fast. Plus, it does everything it promises and does it with a very appealing interface.
Goods
Does what it says on the tin - very well.
Had it on my Iphone now on my galaxy s2 just works great .
Had it on my Iphone now on my galaxy s2 just works great .
Excellent app, accurate and I love the radar view. Only criticism is that the forecasts don't split between morning /afternoon /evening.
Amazing piece of software. Accurate and detailed
Used daily. Radar perfect to see where the rain clouds are, and what direction moving. Set several favorite locations. Predictions good.
At last an app that is better than the iPhone version. Accutrate & always seems to be right!  Looks really nice on the Galaxy S2. Buy it!!
One of the best weather application I had ever seen. Thanks! Worth all the money!
BEST weather app so far!
This is a must for anyone wanting accurate weather data
Excellent, add all the favourite places you like to visit and get accurate forcasts
Good app,  but needs work. Widget not so good.  Doesn't automatically update. Current conditions only on small widget.  Could b more accurate.
Good app,  but needs work. Widget not so good.  Doesn't automatically update. Current conditions only on small widget.  Could b more accurate.
Great application
Awesome
So much info, well worth the money
I notice that when you apply the Application as a widget it displays it in a small box on my home screen on my Galaxy S2.
Love this application! Very accurate.
Love this application! Very accurate.
2 weeks prognosis would be nice
Excellent worth it
te Excellent app. Needs improvement to show correct times of sunrise/sunset for foreigh favorite cities. Any choice of background, image/colour??
te Excellent app. Needs improvement to show correct times of sunrise/sunset for foreigh favorite cities. Any choice of background, image/colour??
te Excellent app. Needs improvement to show correct times of sunrise/sunset for foreigh favorite cities. Any choice of background, image/colour??
Exactly the same as the iphone app good job, excellent weather widgets too
Perfect App except it does not have a "share"option. Please add one, thanks!
Perfect App except it does not have a "share"option. Please add one, thanks!
Would be excellent if radar over layed on google maps!
Very very good could be improved by allowing a greater degree of zoom on radar and satellite images and having major highway routes displayed.
For a weather app this is the best yet. Could do with graphic projections but that's not to say it isn't great already.
I recommend it!
Very accurate & efficient app. Widget works well, highly recommended. HTC sensation.
Excellent weather app, very neat interface and brilliant charts of rain fall, wind, pressure etc
Really great app! Just wish it had hourly uv. Hoping u guys will add hourly uv. Will still give 5 stars cause its fast workin n informative.Droid Eris
Very good weather data, loads of different data types. But current location does not automatically update, useless unless you stay in the same place
Love it
Best weather app ever! Accurate too.
Best weather app on android by a country mile. its a must for all weather followers.
Best weather app on android by a country mile. its a must for all weather followers.
Great functionality. Very accurate with details about amount of sunshine and rain to expect. Well worth the money.
The best weather app. And as good on Android as it is on IOS. HTC Desire S.
The best weather app. And as good on Android as it is on IOS. HTC Desire S.
The best weather app. And as good on Android as it is on IOS. HTC Desire S.
Its pretty much perfect. I do wish there were more widget options, but the information at hand is amazing. Sunshine index? Hell yea! Make it a widget!
Its pretty much perfect. I do wish there were more widget options, but the information at hand is amazing. Sunshine index? Hell yea! Make it a widget!
Best weather widget I've downloaded so far. Very informative and love the ease of using it, definitely recommended
Best, most comprehensive weather app I've tried. My only request would be for improved transparent widgets.
If you buy the full versionyou will have the unpleasant surprise to realise that the long term wheather prognosis shows for 5 days consecutive 20°:'(
The very best weather app and widget there is. One request: a transparent widget please?
The very best weather app and widget there is. One request: a transparent widget please?
Good weather App. Provides detailed information on current weather.
Used this app on iphone and Android & found it reliable and accurate.
Very good app, runs well on Verizon Thunderbolt,easy to use
Great little app ... No problems and plenty of useful info.
Great little app ... No problems and plenty of useful info.
Great so far
Best weather app ive found. All the info you want. Easy to use and acccurate. Well done. Well worth paying for.
Excellet features, radar especially useful, excellent must have.
Excellet features, radar especially useful, excellent must have.
Cool app. It even has pressure in torr! It is consistent with accuweather, at least for my area. I recommend it.
If the refund period was a little longer than 15 minutes I would return this application. Non intuitive interface. Wasted 2.5 EUR
If the refund period was a little longer than 15 minutes I would return this application. Non intuitive interface. Wasted 2.5 EUR
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Best of the one's I've tried, easy to use.
Der Inhaltlich ist hervorragend , die FORM betraechtlich bis stark verbesserungsbeduerftig. so ist zB das 2*1 Widget eine QUAL fuers Auge ... etc
Used in usa and UK. Locations include small towns. Widgets neat. Well worth it.
Perfect level of detail & very accurate. Best weather app by far.
Perfect level of detail & very accurate. Best weather app by far.
Perfect level of detail & very accurate. Best weather app by far.
I like the layout and operation. It is well worth the money. Beautiful for a weather application.
Great app, worth the money
Great app, worth the money
Would be 5 star if it could do hour by hour as the iphone application can
Radar, forecast, satelite, wind, precip. I really like this app.
I chose this app from Meteo because I use their weather data at work and find it accurate and comprehensive. I like the precipitation radar so I was disappointed to see that it is historic when I know they can forecast precipitation very well.
I've had this for one day & really do like it! The radar is awesome! It is packed with everything you need to know about todays & the weeks weather !
Works great!
The best weather app by far. Radar and satellite to see approaching rain, and hourly fcast for current day gives a real feel for short term weather.
The best weather app by far. Radar and satellite to see approaching rain, and hourly fcast for current day gives a real feel for short term weather.
The best weather app by far. Radar and satellite to see approaching rain, and hourly fcast for current day gives a real feel for short term weather.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
however, configurable widget background would be welcome as ie. WeatherBug. I'll rate 5 stars when the feature is added.
Navigation could be better, but the best I've ever used.
Best weather app in the market. Worth paying for. Only downside is that it doesn't automatically update to current location using gps.
Really impressed with this. Radar & satellite images are always up to date. Great for the UK.
Excellent app, amount of data is very good. Graphs are an excellent way of seeing the prospect for the coming week.
'Current' conditions need to be updated much closer to real time. Every hour really stinks! Especially since the rest of the program is so awesome!
'Current' conditions need to be updated much closer to real time. Every hour really stinks! Especially since the rest of the program is so awesome!
'Current' conditions need to be updated much closer to real time. Every hour really stinks! Especially since the rest of the program is so awesome!
'Current' conditions need to be updated much closer to real time. Every hour really stinks! Especially since the rest of the program is so awesome!
Very accurate indeed. I now have a way of knowing if rains are going to spoil my day and around what time.
Im a self employed valeter and this app is by far the best for my job. A must have.
Im a self employed valeter and this app is by far the best for my job. A must have.
Im a self employed valeter and this app is by far the best for my job. A must have.
Application good if widgets didnt crash and i could get it to display the correct local time in tokyo. Dissapointing.
Tried a lot of weather apps, this is the best without question. Love the graphs!
Tried a lot of weather apps, this is the best without question. Love the graphs!
Have used this App on the iPhone and have now moved to the Android - it works just as good - nice interface. Seems to lack the Premium option.
I am very pleased with all this info. at my fingertips. Works great with my android. I highly reccommend it!
I am very pleased with all this info. at my fingertips. Works great with my android. I highly reccommend it!
Awesome weather app, by far the best on the Android market. Accurate and provides time interval reports which are really handy for planning your day
Awesome weather app, by far the best on the Android market. Accurate and provides time interval reports which are really handy for planning your day
Great app. The only part I'm missing from iOS version is the premium functionality, especially 2 weeks long forecasts.
This apps is great,I have it a few days now & if you are interested in the weather at home or far away this is the one to have.
This apps is great,I have it a few days now & if you are interested in the weather at home or far away this is the one to have.
Disappointed as the website is brilliant for raintoday but disappointed with the functionality and ui on this app also states GPS locating but where?
Disappointed as the website is brilliant for raintoday but disappointed with the functionality and ui on this app also states GPS locating but where?
Once I figured out how to get specific locations for weather the rating went to 4stars.
Extrmely good app for free pretty accurate on locatons and times so far,works prfect on sony eperia x10i
Excellent product. Comprehensive yet easy to use. Working fine on HTC Wildfire. Masses of easily accessible data from countless locations.
Ik heb voor mijn eee pad transformer meerdere weer apps geprobeerd, maar heb op basis van screenshots besloten om weatherpro aan te schaffen. Bevalt me erg goed met handige compacte widgets.
Ik heb voor mijn eee pad transformer meerdere weer apps geprobeerd, maar heb op basis van screenshots besloten om weatherpro aan te schaffen. Bevalt me erg goed met handige compacte widgets.
Need the radar to be improved, able to hold my location on map, so I don't have to zoom in every time
Need the radar to be improved, able to hold my location on map, so I don't have to zoom in every time
Good app but im forced to refund didnt c an option for a status bar temp icon
Had this app for two years on my iphone use it constantly and would not be without it, hence I have bought it again for my new android phone!
Had this app for two years on my iphone use it constantly and would not be without it, hence I have bought it again for my new android phone!
Excellent app with good info. I like the navigation but am not very keen on the UI. Could be made more stylish.
Excellent, probably the best weather app available. Comprehensive information & coverage yet straight forward & intuitive to use. Nice one!
Excellent, probably the best weather app available. Comprehensive information & coverage yet straight forward & intuitive to use. Nice one!
Excellent, probably the best weather app available. Comprehensive information & coverage yet straight forward & intuitive to use. Nice one!
Much better since the last update and now the the same functions as the iphone version.
Much better since the last update and now the the same functions as the iphone version.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
This app took a step backwards. The widget no longer advances from day to day; you have to remove and then add it back to refresh it.
Best weather app. Useful to see temperature and rain predicted trends over the upcoming days
Best weather app. Useful to see temperature and rain predicted trends over the upcoming days
Excellent weather app. Great content and accuracy. Latest release makes it even better.
Excellent weather app. Great content and accuracy. Latest release makes it even better.
This is a fantastic app but since the latest update I can no longer open - doh!
Recent update is well worth a couple of quid, reliable and great for checking places around the world..keep up the great work.
Recent update is well worth a couple of quid, reliable and great for checking places around the world..keep up the great work.
Much more accurate (and faster) than the weather channel app. More detailed info. Radar could be a lot better, and I'd prefer hourly in the mid range.
Fantastic weather app,love it found my obscure little area in Oz no worries and is beautifully laid out ty,Galaxy Tab 7"
I've recommended this app to alot of friends and family as it is so reliable, even when the BBC say it's going to rain etc this little baby says no!
Widget has bug with temperature alway going back to celsius. Otherwise very complete weather app.
Can not comment on general functionally because as soon as I saw how horrible the radar picture was I returned it. HTC inspire
Can not comment on general functionally because as soon as I saw how horrible the radar picture was I returned it. HTC inspire
Best app ever way better than weather bug pro. "Weather bug has do many problems." Droid
Best app ever way better than weather bug pro. "Weather bug has do many problems." Droid
Version 1.5 brings the Android version in line with the iDevices and, with the widgets, I have no need for any other weather application.
With the latest update it's as good as the iphone version on Android 2.3.3 Reliable forecast and nice design.
Oh with the new updates now better than the iphone version on my dell streak good work
Great app - reliable forecasts in Europe and North America (have not travelled elsewhere recently).
Great app - reliable forecasts in Europe and North America (have not travelled elsewhere recently).
I do like the aesthetics and all, but I do have a couple issues. First, the widget keeps wanting to change back to Celcius even though the settings in the app are Fahrenheit. Also, when switching over the radar for a particular location, it is not centered on the location. I often have to move the map considerably to see my location.
Best weather app for smartphones imo! now with new key feature: Graphs Worth the $$
This is an excellent program. It is even better with the new enhancements. I would recommend this to anybody wanting to know the weather.
Excellent update, my favourite feature on the iPhone is the charts and now we've got it on android. Was the best weather app anyway, now even better!
Have this for my iphone and it is brilliant. Downloaded and installed on Asus eee pad. Not good at all. Im sure when they bring out a tablet version it will be good but this isnt it, no matter what they say it definitely isnt optimized for tablets unfortunately.
Just moved across from iphone to android and this is still awesome. looks great and the most accurate weather app I have used.
Had it on my iphone was beautiful. Here unistalled within a minute. Price on market 2,51€ when you purchase you buy it at 2,99. Not good quality pics
Had it on my iphone was beautiful. Here unistalled within a minute. Price on market 2,51€ when you purchase you buy it at 2,99. Not good quality pics
Version 1.1.4 still doesn't display on home screen. Just says 'loading' but never does.
This has been on my Desire for 2 weeks now - on the SD - no problems at all. The forecasts also very good (UK)
Can't seem to find how to set time. It shows central time. I am on eastern time.
Tried many weather apps and this is easily the best. Well worth the money. Xperia x10
Tried many weather apps and this is easily the best. Well worth the money. Xperia x10
Tried many weather apps and this is easily the best. Well worth the money. Xperia x10
Brilliant on iphone, slow on Galaxy S. Also, home screen widget disappears on reboot!
I've been using this app for four months in different countries in Europe, very accurate - the best there is...
I've been using this app for four months in different countries in Europe, very accurate - the best there is...
Excellent app. Lots of detail and pretty accurate. I'm looking forward to the widget in the next update.
Good. Needs some work but it works well now. Like to see the lag reduced a bit when switching pages.
Good. Needs some work but it works well now. Like to see the lag reduced a bit when switching pages.
Good. Needs some work but it works well now. Like to see the lag reduced a bit when switching pages.
The best weather app so far, now missing current days weather, why. Problem fixed 13 Nov, good support, thanks
Excellent! Had it before on my iPhone. Have it now again on my Galaxy S. Beats the default weather app by far. Thanks.
