Cannot upload photo and lost some notification. Every things is slow for GALAXY NOTE.
Since the newest update its been force closing more than opening the app. HTC Incredible 2.
This app makes me want to get rid of facebook all tog ether.
Repeatedly force closing since update.
deleted it! Waste of space on my galaxy s phone as it doesnt let me update/upload anything!!!
Pathetic. I downloaded it, used data, only to be told download was unsuccessful and this is not the first time..
Ok so pictures don't load, the widget is now 3 days old as far as updated status goes, and if i remember correctly; dial up was fast than how this moves some days.
Keeps force closing after the latest update. So annoying. Please fix!
Aside from being a battery hog the new update force closes... come on Facebook.... n wonder your stocks are tanking
Late Aug. 2012 update causes constant force close / entire phone freeze. App is pretty much unusable at this point. Samsung Galaxy Nexus ICS 4.0.4
I update my status and hit post and its not there i had a post that i know had several comments on it i went in to comment on it and couldnt find it plus i wrote something this morning and it never posted then i go in and look and it had my posts from the day before as "today" i have had other phones and never a prob with facebook but this facebook app SUCKS but i just updated it so maybe that will fix it i donno we will see so the update didnt help at all it says my pix were up loaded but they're APP SUX
Can't see any pictures when try to view them. My app worked perfectly fine before this update. FIX IT!!!!
Since this last update, my phone will not load the  page.  Keeps saying connection lost (WI-FI is on & has full signal) Samsung Infuse 4G
Just a such awful app workers at facebook should be made to use android smartphone to see that pain we daily use so through
Since the last update I can't upload pics! Don't update!
I used to like it really much but after the newest update it force closes ALL THE TIME!!! .l.
The apps not responding frequently after the update :(
Unable to upload photos after new update. still working very slow getting frustrated. tried it in 3 G , 4 G and wifi with my samsung charge on Verizon
Updated yesterday n now force close!!!Pls check n solve the problem ASAP!!!!!
Something is wrong with your new update... You might want to check it out. I can't read comments, if I try to it reloads the page like I refreshed it. I can't anything still, it's like a racing game if I try to. Still glychy. Please fix this!
Totally worthless app! Why do you change everything to the worse all the time? In this rate facebook won't exist anymore soon! Listen to your users! Remove the timeline, make the privacy settings better, and stop making everything so complicated! It's not even worth one star
The new update on 8/23 keeps crashing and locks up my phone! Fix this fast or I'm uninstalling!
Too many bugs, it always pop up "force close", it wont let me check in, it always have me online when im not! Some needs to seriously fix this.
after this most recent update, it keeps freezing and have to restart it. I've never had a problem with previous versions. This version  borderlines on unusable
Hate to complain but this is a joke. Switching to G+
Can't function at all after update latest version. Please fix it else downgrade to useable version.
GETTING NOTIFICATIONS LATE!!!!!  It is very SLOW!!! Remove the dumb camera!!!! All these Updates SUCKS!!!!!
Keeps hanging. Even if it doesn't, it's so slow.
It consumes alot of phone memory.........Make it copy to sd storage nd copy to sd memory.....asap.....everythng else is acceptable
Chat still doesn't work. Shows top friends list, but nothing else. Had to dl messenger app. 1 star until fixed, Droid incredible, FIX!!!
Slow, freezes and black screens. Update sucked.
The last versions of facebook were perfectly amazing. However, this new version keep force closing. I'm so dissatisfied with the update. Fix it.
Since the last update you're not able to upload your mobile pics to certain albums they only go to mobile uploads
Can't check in whether, can't upload statuses, and can't post messages on people's walls. What's the use of this app?  :(
Frezzes force to close
This terrible app makes me want to kick a kitten into a burning nursing home. Oh you want to update to make picture upload smoother?  Thats great since it wont even upload anymore.
Nothing loads!!!
I didn't think it was possible but you have actually made this worse! Force closes all the time now, unusable... Sigh!
Oh good we back her again, where the latest updated means it doesn't work. Been here done this before FB. Fix it please
Can't view photo albums. Forces a close often.
This update sucks big time!  It always crashes Fix it and I change my stars to 5
After update it always freezed!!!
Horrible update
sucks still even after million times updates!! slow as a turtle.. lag as freak.. notification sucks..even if it's read it still shows that u have unread notification!! what a slow
Crashes every few seconds after new update.  Without even opening the app.
They fixed the status & wall post crashes but now the app constantly force-closes, freezing up my phone for several seconds no matter what I'm doing. A total joke & liability; uninstalling & just leaving a bookmark to the mobile site on my homescreen from now on. Galaxy S III I747 Stock
Everytime I update it, it stops working good an want post status or pictures
Newest update is HORRIBLE!!! Get a notification for messages I got hours before, read and responded too. Also will not let me post status updates most of the time. What's the point of even having a FB app if you can't post statuses from your phone. Fail....
come on i can't upload pictures terrible FIX IT NOW!!!!
I've downloaded it earlier this morning and uninstall it just now...very terrible updates as the apps crashed everytime it open...blank screen appears and it has to force closed...please do something about it or upload the oldest version of facebook before everyone give a bad comments...
Very sloww and force closes everytime!
Won't let me get on FB. Had to uninstall update.
Unable to sign on because it says connection lost....have to uninstall and install to get it to work since last update. LG spectrum
Disappointed the app does not allow me to upload photos on facebook with Galaxy III. Facebook without photos upload is useless!!
After update will not load photos , post on friends wall. Samsung Captivate
D Don't fix was isn't broke. Basic stuff. What is wrong with you people. Try your "updates" on yourselves before you force it on us please
How can face book fail this bad at an app?
Force close,causes mobile hangs.
Even worse since update,keeps forcing close. Worse app ever
Poor app. Works slow even with wi-fi.. Does not load any image.. Please improve your code...
Keep force closing after update. Uninstalling.
Want to b able to put pictures into albums not just upload one pic at a time.
Aftr updating.. Hvng so mch trouble..
Do you guys actually test the software before releasing it? Yet again facebook manage to scew up the app. Keeps freezing.
Can't even used the app after last update. Freezes on launch.
It always crashes when I try to view photos, look at conversations, comment on anything and refuses to like statuses. So many bugs!! Nothing has changed!!
I want the old chat back, i can only see my top friends who are online. Thank you.
Please get a new update asap! This last update just goes to a black screen wont open at alll! Was five stars now i shouldn't even give it one!
After getting the update I can no longer post status updates :( whats the deal, please fix this.
force close and can't view pictures
Was ok, but now unable to post status update... Useless. Wish I hadn't bothered updating. Reinstalled, still sh1t. Fix it please...
Love it
Keeps freezing!!
Keeps freezing!!
bed update... force close error problem
app freezes, posts dont show properly, very laggy and keeps telling me it cant connect when connected via wifi and the app is very very slow to use, yous should re write the app like yous have with iOS devices
It wont load my picture no matter what
You are officially,  The. Worst. App. Ever.
Cannot store in memory cars or SD. Useless software. Don't install you be regretted..
With the newest update can't upload photos, fails on both trys on DROID Bionic
Lots of prb. In new version ...
I was gonna update but now not gonna after readin tha comments of peeps who HAVE... Sounds like if it aint broke dont fix it memo needs ta be sent ta Fb again
With the most recent update I can't post photos anymore - droid 3
With the most recent update I can't post photos anymore - droid 3
The latest update crashes after two minutes on Galaxy Nexus.
Cant upload photos at all..!!!! force closed.
the new update sucks..now notifications dont seem to be working at all...please fix!!!!!!!!!! NOT HAPPY
Whenever i click my profile it says that there is an error in connection but when i check others it's works well!
Ever since update to ICS, has to re-auth phone 2-3 times a day and re-sync contacts.  Also, not smart enough to remember I want to see sorted by most recent.  Have to change every time.  HTC Rezound.  Also can't upload pics!  Every ume I think it can't get worse, it does.
I cannot save photos from the application to my Android Phone.
Cant post status updates most of the time, has trouble loading up anything
Keeps crashing!!! I hate facebook app!!!
Yuk..
After updating the facebook app it so laggy
After last update, it keeps on freezing. Please do something because I needz my Facebooks
For a "top developer", this is pretty sad. What happened to standards in development? Where to begin... Uploads don't work much of the time, frequent force close problems, very long load times, does not load randomly even in wifi when everything else works, delayed notifications/messages after you've checked them at a computer, frequent updates that break the app all the time. Facebook better hope a serious competitor doesn't emerge with a mobile oriented design.
I loved it until the upgrade..I have the HTC 3D and now it takes 3 mins or more to load on every page... Pls pls pls fix this..it didn't do it before.. It kinda sucks
The new update is horrible. It freezes every time and I can't do anything with my phone when it freezes. Please fix this.
Had to uninstall after the recent update. It kept locking up the phone & force closing,blank screen etc. sad just sad
Update failure After the latest update this app no longer works... Can't open anything. Keep getting authenticity failure!
Force close a lot of time! This is not update this is call downgrade! Why release a downgrade for us to update??? Angry!
Was a very loyal fb fan but after I updated it uninstalled its self and won't let me reinstall not very happy
With the latest update it freezes and force closes all the time.
Newest version freezes and force closes on my Galaxy S3
Useless.  Worst app ever
Nothing but force closes since I did the update on 8/23. Before that it was an alright app. Just can't wait for the next update so I can actually use it again
The new upgrade kept locking up and force closing. I had to reset my phone constantly. I removed the new upgrade hopefully it gets fixed.
It keeps crashing on me
Slow slow slow
is it really required to take up almost 50mb ram?? the layout and all are great. but needs to shrink in size a lil more...
Everything takes forever or for never to load. Don't like at all :-(  HTC Velocity 4G
Congrats for your great work on this app.... It's crashed 4 times in a couple of hours already
This thing was slow before but after this last update it is not only slow it will not let me upload anything!!!!
The update is the worst ever. Its slow and freezes up. You can"t share pictures on here.
It takes up a big amount of space it says its like 10gb when I look on my phone settings its now taking up 20gb? That's not fair can u fix it?
Since the latest update it keeps freezing and I have to force close or uninstall to get it to work again.
Love the new update and the new look! The all black background is amazing!! And is "Force Close" a new feature to Facebook? Awesome!!!
Too slow, keeps crashing.
after update this version,keep crashing and can't share picture from gallery.....from ss galaxy note
Facebook.. a multimillionaire company, can't splurge out some more to hire decent developers. This new update is terrible. Nothing works. No functionality. Get this fixed before Facebook ends up like bebo.
Latest update is simply awful. It won't load, freezes or white screens all the time.  Don't install until there is a bug fix.
This is a dud. Won't load most of the time & it kicks me off when I finally get on!
My galaxy s3 has crashed since updating!
I have never used a app the messes up all the time like this one does
Crashes since update. Still like mobile version better.
With new update it force closes a lot
Would not open. Easier and faster to go online
I am unable to upload images via mobile after updating this app for the millionth time!!
It was good, and now is again very slow. Takes forever to load a picture, even on wifi. Can't see any notifications. Overall very slow and unstable app. Forget about updating this crap, and create a new app from the scratch...
Vry slow ,,, am using 3g network ,,, and it takes more than 5 min , 2 open
How the hell can the most popular website in the world be so glitch ridden and sucky? Are they letting middle school children develop this BROKEN APP
Just updated app... freezes constantly. Have to force close. It was fine before the last update. You guys dropped the ball on this one.
The update is bad. I have to post my status update at least three times for them to work. And the app force closes.
The update is bad. I have to post my status update at least three times for them to work. And the app force closes.
Come on change the CRAP back now I can't do CRAP with my Android Samsung Galaxy Note!!
Keeps force Closing. Now it doesn't want to work.
To bad
New update did not work force close. Then after force close the screen keeps coming up...UNINSTALL!
Don't upgrade, it does nowt but crash, I thought because I never had an issue before I'd be ok.. wish I'd never bothered
..but its all we have. Mobile site sucks just as bad.
Nothing works well. Slow, force closes. It's a mess.
Can't use after update. Force closes everytime. Fix it!!
This app is bad.crashing all the time
This app is bad.crashing all the time
keeps displaying connection lost...fix it please!!!
Can't see photos, can't like, no news feeds, add requests, back to opera. Worst update ever
Force closes constantly. Messages always fail to send an have to retry. Very slow to use takes ages to load up an refresh, notification not in sync with time of message... Un-install
check in not working on 3g but it work on wifi after last updat for samasung galaxy s2 and s3
Fix it!
Had to force close many times since the update. Frustrating and annoying.
force close when i open picture
Force close every time..
I don't usually review, but this latest update is terrible. Countless crashes, and clicking on comment links only takes me back to the news feed. I'm not sure what they were aiming for with this update, but this is not an improvement. [HTC Incredible].
Crashes on launch.. why can't they get such a popular app right...
Crashes on launch.. why can't they get such a popular app right...
Despite a 24Meg Wi-Fi download connection it never loads! Sort it out!
Older versions were noticeably quicker. This & last couple versions are so focused on gathering your private info that functionality is sluggish @ best. ...& no, its not my phone, most people I know complain of same issue...
Can't update status or post on friend's walls.  Keeps giving me error message.
I'm sure there meant to make the app better not worse!
Had to restart my phone two time in 5 mins thats realky sucks They shouldve done something to improve the performance and it all went down tha gutter
App keeps crashing after the update, and also doesn't push through all notifications
How can they have so much money and not prevent force closing? In.
Pictures are cut off and the app is barely useable. It's disgraceful.
Agree with others - new update messing up my phone with crashes and jams
**** using Friendcaster instead***** OMG this app is awful!! Shame its not better considering what a popular site FB is!!
keep stop respond after update!
Really...fb should be ashamed. Locks up while scrolling, half the time it won't even load on starting. Freezes enuff its not usable
Constant force closing since last update, if you'd tested for five minutes you'd have noticed.
Really glad we could have this update that does NOTHING but force close every time I try to use it. Great. Thank you. I'd give it zero stars if I could
Update made app worse,very slow :-( please upgrade it again and do it better.notifications don't come through either half the time & constant crashes or flickering screen or white screen. Not suitable app for s3!!
After update its useless on quad core s3 force closes every time
Instead of upgrades they seem more like downgrades. Disappointed. <--- that was my review last time I tried this app, and it seems nothing has changed. Every time there's an "upgrade" things go wrong, yesterday I upgraded and I haven't been able to enter the app since. Gives me a black screen then forcloses. Uninstalling.
This latest update seems to do nothing but force close on my HTC one x. Get it sorted facebook!!!!!!
Keeps force closing...
Unable to click on friends to view profile,unable to write on friends wall, unable to comment on friends status's, all since new update, absolute crap!!!! I have now uninstalled app :-(
I will not update until you get rid of taking pics and videos from my phone at anytime. Also the fine gps. There is no need for these!
Last update killed it. What happened to testing the update before releasing it. Galaxy note ICS
What have you done? You better bring back the earlier update. This one is a total mess. Why call it an update if you just RUINED the application... tsss...
NEEDS WORK
i really wanna give it zero stars , i cant update my status or post a picture. this app sucks.
i like this app but it need lots of improvements. new update running slow and "ERROR Logging-In!" (Before update problem is, pictures doesnt show in some activities. fix setting specification custom and the adding new pix to previous album doesnt work. Bring back the "via android". improve more please for tablets and android users). (mine: zte v9 ver.2.2.2) also hope this app can be move to sdcard, and can change to fanpage so i can see who's in my notification stat, thanks.
This app is cr*p!. Why so many permissions? Would you let a computer program access all your personal details when they do not need to?	Why does it need access to my full address book on my phone?. Why not possible to To view friends photos anymore?..? .. Also There is no option to view friends albums....Its crazy! !!!. please fix these issues for the Galaxy tab 7 plus. Andoid 3.2. also not possible to view friends info page. But possible to view non friends info.. works fine on my galaxy S. But not on Tablet..,. Why?
Need to improve, everytime force close. Developer please do something about it and better than the iphone version. Best is to revamp the whole gui!
Constantly freezing on this new version.  Impossible to use.  Have had no issues with FB on my new phone since May.  After this update, constant freezes.  HTC OneX ATT
Its ram eating app, I use opera for facebook now. I would have given 0 stars if it was possible. Don't install it it will drain ur battery
You've ruined application..Keeps freezing and force closing..disappointing -.-
Can't see own status loading for a long time
Can't move to SD card. Force close after being open 5 seconds. Had to uninstall updates to even get it to work. Please fix.
Keeps foreclosing!>:(
Latest version constantly crashing on Galaxy S3 with 4.0.4.
This is the worst excuse for an app. And this is a stock holding company? What a joke!
Lags, and takes forever to do anything! Galaxy note.
Lots of issues with the new facebook update. Can't upload to an album (they just don't appear, even after syncing), notifications are temperamental (sometimes they appear, other times they link to another pic or post), and generally its painfully slow.. please get the app back up to speed!
Since latest update, this app is crap!
....
Constant force close
Latest update has ruined it.just freezes.
It worked fine but after the update I could never open facebook.
This new update SUCKS!!!!! FIX IT!!!! IT KEEPS FORCE CLOSING -_____- FOR AS LONG AS I'VE HAD FB THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORSE UPDATE EVER!!!!!
When i click on pics they will not download
Can't get pics to download from other people's pages & it keeps freezing up
Latest version is the biggest piece of ressource-hogging Crapware I've ever seen on Android. Previous version worked perfectly. Current version crashes literally, every single time and it hogs up so much CPU & RAM you can't even force close it. There is only one fix: pull the battery.  Thank you Facebook for proving how important a reset mechanism like a removal battery is.
I don't want this app on my phone. Limited space. Steals 17.08MBs with no option to install to SD card. Shameful. It is *my* phone after all.
Connection lost. Tap to retry.
Worst app so far. Heavy and slow.
After latest update, it keeps hanging, especially when working with other apps like pixlromatic and swype
This was a great app until yesterdays update, now it keeps freezing and forcing close, hardly useable
There isn't even enough time for me to go on facebook to update my status before it freezes then crashes so my phone tells me facebook isnt working properly. Such a bad update.
Force closing after newest update....
The previous version wasted all my RAM. This one keeps crashing.
The 8/23 update is constantly crashing.
This app has a lot of bugs is to much slow G+ is a better social platform and is a better app is more smooth more fast and have a nice feature i am vert dissapoint with the developer team of facebook for android they can do a better job with this app also android it have to be the priority because they are more android that iphonez or idevices  I dont know what are they waiting for make a better app for android
This App gets worse evert time you update it. I used the photo uploader and it deleted the photo off my phone! Keeps freezing too and have to use task manager. Uninstalling this app for a 3rd party one that works now.
After the most recent update, it causes the facebook application to force close before I can use it. Then when I try to report the problem, it force closes playstore as well. Usually this is a wonderful application. I'm sure it will be fixed soon:-)
Facebook do not open properly in galaxy tab 10.1. The new update is still pathetic as I can only see 50% of the write up or photos of others.
What crap this update is. First five minutes of use and that's how many force close messages I got. This version blows. Wish I could put zero stars... FIX. IT. NOW. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working ok until recent update. Keeps force closing! I don't recommend anyone install 8/23 update.
Its freezing again n again after i updated
Just bad....never ever loads
It gets worse with every single update!
I hate wen it does this
Only that I don't want to risk bricking my phone by flashing it, I'd delete this app ASAP. Way faster, and way easier to use, via your phone's web browser.  Whoever said Facebook is a "top developer" is having a right laugh. They couldn't code their way out of a brown paper bag.
Keeps crashing on my phone. Getting very annoying now! Galaxy s2 ICS. Only happens after recent update
okay facebook, so when we'll get the update like version 5.0 just the iOS does?
Can't stand timeline.
Thanks again for screwing it up. It doesnt update the newsfeed unless i do it manually? If you read what the new update does it does opposite..force closes constantly on Galaxy SII Fix it please..I see the rating constantly goes down..kinda like Facebooks stock..crap.
Keeps force closing after latest update...
Keeps force closing since the recent update. Sort it out people!!
Even when my phone is connected directly to broad band Facebook app shows .."No Connectivity"...!
This new update destroys EVERYTHING! I CANT EVEN VIEW MY TIMELINE AND THE APP HANGS EVERY FIVE MINUTES!
Fb always has a habit to be making changes to the page.why is it the don't leave it alone,with all of the changes the phone freezes, it wont let you post status, it horrible!!! I'm about to delete my account,and go some where else where I won't have this issues...
Slowwwwww
Please fix the whole force closing all of the time. Cant scroll down more than maybe 10 "stories" without it freezing up and having me force close the app. It's extremely obnoxious and very annoying.
Loading..... That's all it ever does! Fix it!
Loading..... That's all it ever does! Fix it!
After updated, it even gettin worse!!!!! Always force close! What the hell have you guys done with this update!?? What a crap!!! It always crash all the time. Fix it, man! Or people will keep giving this crap 1 star
I love the app buts always force closing, it loads really slow just.fix it
Keeps force closing and freezes my hp!
Freezing, crashing terrible after the last update
Rewrite it like you did for apple.
This is by far the slowest and most unresponsive app I have ever used on my phone. Almost unusable sometimes.
You had such a good thing in the beginning ...why not go back and reassess what was good and what was bad and try again! The WHOLE Facebook experience is becoming a total drag and you guys really ruined a good thing! If all my family and friends on Facebook collectively said let's go to this "so and so social network", I would be there in a FLASH!!! Someone needs to start Facebook all over again and try again, only learn from your mistakes, either that or someone else will .....
App repeatedly gives errors and closes. Every time I try to uninstall the app, either from the play store my apps section or using manage apps, it causes my device to reboot. Finally got it to uninstall. Won't install again until I hear its fixed
Can't upload photos at all, fails to upload on both attempts. Also I've been saying this forever but make viewing photos easier.
Keeps telling me to close after many pop up boxes of it saying it's not responding
I HAVE BEEN HAVING ISSUES WITH BEING ABLE TO TAG MY FRIENDS IN PICS OR CHECK-INS FOR LIKE 3 MONTHS OR MORE & IT'S P*SSIN ME OFF MAJORLY!!!!!!! I HAVE REPORTED IT COUNTLESS TIMES. AND HAD TWO UPDATES SINCE IT STARTED. NEITHER UPDATE APPLIED TO HELPING MY PROBLEM. AND NOTHING ELSE IS BEING DONE. FIX IT ALREADY FFS!!!!! ALSO I'M UNABLE TO SAVE PICS TO MY PHONE ANYMORE. IT'S SERIOUSLY B.S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sucks alwys down and need reboot!!!!!!
Keeps force closing after most recent update.
News updates fails to load....so Need to refresh the page most of the times on 2G network...it displays loading bar only...please fix it or everyone will access facebook through browser..
This is my first FC app for my S3! Wonderful!!
Not the best fb app out there by a long shot
Latest update freezing constantly then force closes.
Won't load at all anymore, always says connection lost, even when I have full service, both when I'm connected to my 3g and my wifi. Awful.
Cannot upload photos from galery
You guys make this app worst everytime!
Can't move app to SD Card
the biggest app in the world and its next to useless on galaxy s3 .crashes even more after latest up date, doesnt show notifications or comments a lot of the time .
Dont like the fb camera. Keeps updating. Photo upload stops.
For being the largest and most profitable social network on earth, I'm surprised that this app is completely worthless. Freezes up constantly, loses internet connection, and constantly polls my GPS location automatically without permission, causing my battery to drain and my privacy to be invaded (normal for Facebook).
Constantly forces close
Really poor experience. Atrix HD.
Force closing since the update.. quite frustrating.
New version keep crashing!  Keep having network connection error!!  *angry*
False closure happens every time I open the apps
I had to uninstall the newest update to be able to use it again. Would not work! Kept getting force close
Keeps freezing.. Uninstalling new update. HTC 4G LTE
Unfortunately, was not able to enjoy any of the new features. At 25mb, and without app2sd, there's simply no space for it on my phone. Had to revert back to version 1.8.3 when the app only took up a manageable 3mb. Would uninstall if I could, and use Friendcaster instead.
After the last update, it won't send notifications and will not let me post. Everytime I type out a post it will not let me posted. Keeps eating my post with no way to retrieve them other than going back in typing it out again. Photos are also taking forever to load.
Since the last update I cant post anything on FB.
After upgrade impossible to start, and widget not even work...
It force closes the app everytime I try to open it! Crap!!!! Fix it!!! This app is totally useless! I deleted it!
This app blows hard
PERFORMANCE! STABILITY! and of course NEW EMPLOYEES!
Constantly says loading and never loads
After the last update,  the app has been crashing 4/5 uses..  Not a fun experience.
i have already set my privacy to 'custom' , but when i posted my photo from my mobile , it automatically changed my privacy to 'friends' , i need to change the privacy one by one . please fix the problem
Plz fix it wnt let me loggin keeps sayn wrong email or password when try signing in now
Keeps closing...
Facebook has been unusable since the update!  Constantly in refresh mode, force close issues, or unable to connect is all I see!
It has been working well until Ithe recent update. Often pictures could not load and always freeze and force close. Please look into it otherwise a lot of the user will remove the apps.  Thanks.
Says cannot post at this time [null]… seriously what's the point in having fb. You can't get crap right can you fb.. DELETED
Since the update, it has been crashing continuously. Tried re-installing it. Still crashes.
Keeps force closing after newest update on Galaxy S3
Last version (23 aug) is very sick ... FC another after another ... fix it please !
Keeps on locking up since latest update - pls fix FB
Poor...just ran the recent update only not to be able to use it now cause it keeps forcing close..... poor very poor...
This is the worst app ever, there are lot of bugs, freezes Please fix
Fix the app size issue or enable it to be moved to the SD card! Takes forever to load pictures.
The previous versions were good, your updates making nonsense... Please make likw loading should be of shorter time atleast for mobile version.
This app gets worsr n worst
So slow. Even mobile website is better.
I can see why facebook staff had there iphones taken off them till they fixed the android app ,This app seems to go from bad to worse please try and fix
Will try to update, but then keep saying unsuffficent storage unavailable.
HORRRIIIBBBLLLEEE UPDATE! I cant open photos, see my notifications and a lot more....
After latest update it's very unstable
Why it's so difficult to develop such a simple app as facebook?
Won't connect, keeps force closing!
it's driving me mad
Each update gets worse. Now won't even load.
Wouldn't know how the update is since can't get in anymore!
Won't open at all
Makes my phone crash
I have updated this app and its now total s**t i cant do anything. My notifications are very slow i can't click on them and it keep closing its self. Not happy fix it asap
it force closing after update please check it!
Latest update fails with insufficient memory error, but the system reports plenty of memory. HTC inspire.
This app is rubbish at the moment it crashes as soon as it opens very often!! Fix it!!
Cannot upload photo. Pls fix asap.
The app sucks. Slow,  clunky,  pictures don't load. But it's really the only thing out there. Once Facebook realizes that Android is the future of mobility, it'll improve. Hopefully by then more people will be on Google+ and no one will care how good the app is.
Latest update has made it unusable... shame
Samsung Google Nexus, won't load nearby checkins from notification, hangs when posting a status. And Still no "share"!
Unbelievably bad. Keeps force closing. I assume you have some 8 year old "special" kid developing the app?
I just dont like that it takes too much space and doesnt let me move it to my SD Card! -____-
Crashes all the time and is very unreliable!
This app is amazingly slow. You should learn something from the wonderful Google+ app.
If keeps freezing and force closes
Contact pics  doesn't show for all contacts.  Force closes and freezes.  This sucks....no stars for me.
Keeps force closing. Removed update!
Force closes. Freezeing since recent update.
Getting worse with updates. Lag won't log on can't find new ppl. Going to use google+ more for photos and videos as it works keeps crashing
App won't even start, frozen on black screen. Then crashes.  Absolutely unusable.   Shame on you Facebook. We Android users deserve better.
Always force close after the latest update. Please fix it.
This newest update causes Facebook to crash or freeze as soon as I open it on my HTC Inspire. Do not get this update.
Since last update all it does is force close not to mention how slow it's become.
force shut down every time I upload photos ! its annoying .please fix it !
Google Play Store ... Badest app FACEBOOK, shkt work
It was almost perfect, then came the update, now I can't comment on any image, oh my God
very poor update now no body appear online in the chat although there are people online .
Keep losing internet on phone since last update. CRAP!!!
Had to uninstall update, would not up load photos ):
Wow. Before it was just really slow. Now it crashes too!  Oh ... and it also looses my status updates when I try to submit them. Oh dear. Time to find an alternative client I think.
Too much reloading
Constant force close after update. Unusable
Thanx 4 da reviews evry1... Either those who update were not happy abt it...or liked it..& then it quit workn...BOTTOM LINE!!  thanx...dnt nd the bull...Not Updating!!!
Look under Hardware Controls before you update. Facebook can record audio and video WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSON. Is this a breach of privacy laws???
Why do u need my location!!
Never expected such issues from world's one of the best website. I would not give even a single STAR to this shitt...... DO YOU GUYS REALLY READ REVIEWS OR NOT ????? PLEASE fix it ...
Since update last night I keep getting error "cannot post right now, null" after I've typed in a status. Starting to tick me off. Please fix asap. Also freezes & force closes a lot now! So annoyed already.
Otherwise this becomes crappy for 40 year olds like me. Its better to use a browser than the app. At least the fonts can be controlled and you can zoom in and out. No plus value in Official Facebook app.
Terrible hardly ever loads. Posts disappear. Awful app.
Keeps freezing after new update.
Keeps freezing after new update.
After update it freezes and won't respond, one day this app will work like it should.........
Not happy keeps saying force close or won't load and doesn't send me all my notifications
Not responding in my HTC one x after the update pls fix it as soon as possible
Die in a fiery death. Force closes  Doesn't post  Wtf
Samsung galaxy s3
It keeps changing the time posted on all the posts in my newsfeed to 8 hours ago, regardless of when they were actually posted. Can anybody tell me why?
The most slowest app I ever used
Keeps force closing ever since the update
Sorry my fb is locked..4 ever
Freezes and force closers after installing recent update.....
New update is crap, phone never froze before, however after new update it does everytime I launch the app.... Pls fix
I just installed update and now can't post pictures nor status update! Fail..
This update sucks! My notifications don't alert me & i can't post anything. I have to go to the mobile site to post something.  What's the point in having the app if you can't use it
This update sucks! My notifications don't alert me & i can't post anything. I have to go to the mobile site to post something.  What's the point in having the app if you can't use it
Least I think it is haven't been able to use without a forced close since updating plz sort it.
Unninstal new update
Stil some bugs
It's a good app, and the fb chat works a lot better. But after a while it keeps freezing, so eventually I had to uninstall the update
Normal
SUCKS!
It can't b every cellular phones that is having issues. Its fb app [.]! Its the some old issues + new 1's!!!!O:-[[[[ & the big thing about it...the browser 2 go on FB, NO BETTER....SERIOUSLY!!!!:-[[[[[[[ NOW...I'M HAVING TROUBLE WITH UPLOADING MY PICTURES...SERIOUSLY!!!!!!!!!!!O:-[[[[[[[
Fix up. Everything. This is app is just useless. Continuosly force closing, slow loading, just every part of it is annoying.
Wow. You guys hit a new low... it keeps crashing every time I open it! Please fix it!
Constantly Freezing. Force Outs. Not a good upgrade. Just leave it alone.
Since recent update it keeps force closing and wont play notification sound
The only thing is you can't delete comments only other peoples comments and sometimes when you post a comment it doesn't show up..i can't find my friends to tag in my photo IT WONT WORK and when your trying to tag yourself no names show up..sometimes it closes at random times..it scrolls to far down and to fast..i can't send a picture message it always freezes on me...it doesn't even open..UPDATE NEEDED
Just updated yesterday, and now can't even share any pics! This sucks! Fix it please!
Status always says can't load at this time [null] Really useful NOT
Had most recent update and locked up whole app.
Slow. The check in doesn't work. Keeps saying no recent activity. Totally weak.
Removed the ability to sort feed by most recent and ONLY sorts by activity now, leaving the feed a jumbled MESS.  Also app hangs constantly.  Would rate a zero if possible.
The creator of fb has been boasting about a faster better fb for iphone and ipad, thats all very good but what about Android phones?!? I have a GS3 and fb is STILL freezing and slow???
after update s3 keep force close..using chat room will jam and force close..pls fix it!!!
What ever happened to beta testing?  Glad I didn't update!  People, read reviews before updating!
after new update keep force close... 0 star!
Ever since update forced close on both tf101 and galaxy2. All from reading news to adding friends.
How can i solve this?? I can't download this app due to error 941
few problems but thats its
Disgusting of new update
Fuc* fb
Una porquería is to slow ....
Groups are gone in new version.... Bad!!!!! Dislike the layout
No notifications. Nine hours to load a photo. Slow as molasses. FIX IT!
Very slow
New version is unusable.  Constant fcs.  Stock RAZR MAXX
This app is huge let us move it to the sd card!!!
Also says it 6.8mb in size. Actually over 20mb. If I overall this there's no space left on my samsung galaxy ace.
Still I cannot upload my photos via Facebook.. Fix it!!!!! I dont wanna beg for this. this is 4th update and I still cannot upload my photos..
I had this update and  uninstalled the  app, reinstalled old version , going heaps better than this new update, however I still get blank screens while waiting for pics to load,  slow, and sometimes a force close, but its tolerable.. Awaiting a REAL update that works, I know you can do it...
Another update that just makes things worse! Now getting pop ups telling me unable to load and loses my text forcing me to rewrite. Loading times are slower again! Come on, this app is getting steadily worse!
Since new update, fb either doesn't load or crashes.
Force close alla time,eat precious space as it cannot be moved to SD.
The update has taken it to the older version that my phone use to use :S
Why can't fb get it right FML
Always force close after the lastest update !!!
Keeps freezing now with new update Gs3. RUBBISH
Please move this to sd card i dont have any space on my device mem. Thanks! :))
Just hell
Newest update freezes and causes mu phone to crash!! I'm uninstalling the update, please fix ASAP
Plzzz make the app moveable to sd card eats a lot of memory...
The thing is dat itz no different 2 the internet version of FBook,, I'd expect better off an android
Yet again a crappy facebook update.
Yet again a crappy facebook update.
This app is almost unusable
I hate it, slow
Am on wifi and all my other apps like internet,  google+,  twitter are running fine.  But your crapp app keeps saying connection not found.  It says alot when im using my browser to use fb and not the native app
This app is now crap.uninstalling
Worked great before yesterday's update. Now unusable!! Just completely locks / freezes phone when you open it! Only way out was to remove battery.
Crashes, freezes, incredibly slow app.
Force close!!!!!!
Facebook keeps freezing & forcing it to close. It has 2 different layouts & changes between both when I log in. Please fix its soooo frustrating!!!
Would be nice if it wasn't such a big app size wise. It eats up all my data and space
The Facebook app experience keeps getting worse. Google+ is a much better experience. Sick of the force closures.
Mine keeps force closing after update also. Very inconvenient, I don't even know how to uninstall updates. Normally don't give negative reviews, guess I just use Facebook so often and hold it to such a high standard.
It won't let me update.. which is stupid and idk why it keeps doing that I have plenty of space in my phone.
After update it crashed many times.Fix it or change the dev. team. ZERO stars if i could give.
After update it crashed many times.Fix it or change the dev. team. ZERO stars if i could give.
I don't know how this app manages to worsen with each update. Force closes all the time now!
Can't see timeline on my nexus 7, no photo links or friends link. What's wrong with you FB? Update and please fix these issues!	New update made this app very slow, now always showing connection error. FB sort it out?
Galaxy Tab 7.0 I hate this app, too slow!!!
Since the update, it won't load my timeline at all and it keeps crashing!!! It also keeps freezing and force closes. Aren't updates suppose to fix the problems? Your recent update is messing up my phone!
Horrible. I want ANY any of the old versions back. NOTHING loads and it always says "lost connection."
Or maybe not so sluggish, more like a zen monk in an artificially induced coma. Where did all the thousands of menhours go? Prob the startscreen.
After all the updates, its getting frustrated, too long time to load everything....Until i getting tired, i Uninstall it...Better Use my iphone for facebook than android.. I'm using galaxy note and galaxy S3..
Worked great until updated yesterday. Now just freezes and stops working altogether! Fix it now!
After last update is force closing all the time.
Suddenly closing fb . Now hate fb
Since the last update I constantly get force closes and FB freezes up. Not happy. Installing!
keeps stopping nit responding and force closing after newest update
I hate fb
After the update it freezes and crashes constantly. I think it has to be double checked. -(htc sensation, android)
Keeps forces to close as well as freezes, it won't start up after.
Need to more fast browsing.
Force closes after newest update. Barely usable.
I'm using my galaxy note and I can't even read comments on my fb . Please fix this problems asap.
It either kicks me out or tells me it can't find a secure connection :(
If you need lessons on how to devise an app take a look at friendcaster
Facebook trying to get too clever. The latest versions of Facebook virtually all have negative comments from everyone. Does Facebook read these adverse remarks? Give us a BASIC Light Version of Facebook please with no frills, that does not crash, or freeze, that will enable us to keep in touch, find our friends, and post comments like we could in the early Facebook days.
Since the latest update, phone is constantly freezing, please sort it
I tried to install on my tablet and I received a package file corrupted message multiple times
This is worse than the last update.  Takes forever to load and pics are worse in that department
Latest update results in "force close" prompt very often.  Junk
What's up with the constant force close??? Grrr :-/
It sucks !!!! Keeps rejecting status updates and not adding pics !!!! Slow response and freezing up!!!! By far the worst update ever!!!! Im better off carrying my laptop.everywhere I go!!!!  Dont update until problems are fixed!!!!!
Since the last update I now receive a "FB not responding" message constantly. Just worthless, going to uninstall.
Completely broken on tablets, photos are sized incorrectly and text disappears for no apparent reason. GTab 10.1 EDIT now broken on Samsung galaxy S2 Better to just use Facebook via the browser.
It doesnt show wen i have a msg untill an hour or two after.
New update causes crashes everything i try and use it. Way to go for your Q&A team!
Causes HTC One XL to hang, needs to be force closed. Bad update.
Force closes after the new update!  Please fiX up!!  :/
While the app has improved in load times the widget is still knackered...the only way it will update is if you use it to post your status...bit pointless right now...GET IT FIXED! *update* Widget is now totally useless. Once again, you have ruined it with the update, I've uninstalled it to get it running properly, pull your bloody fingers out!
Pls update!!!!!!
Freezes all the time since that last update!!!
App keep force closing after latest update and cant upload pics on fb!  Dislike!
Freezes and forced closed. Full of bugs and freezes my phone too. Chat does not work. Please sort this out.
Fixxxxxxx!!
Keeps freezing, how can you release something that is unstable?
Pictures dont load, all notifications dont come thru. Fix please. Updates just make everything worse.
Using to much memory
Crashes and freezes all the time on my  HTC Droid incredible 2. Smh
Yet again a rubbish update. Keeps forcing close or I hav a black screen. Updates r ment to improve the app but no not a fb one.
This is a terrible app that keeps failing. Very faulty. Requires being uninstalled, then installed again every day. Pick up your game guys!
Cant even open it without it saying force close down, needs work.
Idiot.
I have tried to upload this update on my android phone but i am unable to do it.  Is there any particular reason why this is happening?
This is awful... I can not access Facebook at all. I had to delete app and start over. Will not apply update to my sensation 4g.
Why do they always have a working application then put out a update that screws everything up. Do they not test the application before putting it out? You suck with Android software development!
You got some lame lazy developers. With 100,000,00+ downloads I expected this to be a good app. This is so slow and I'm on wi fi for crying out loud! Get with the program here! >:(
FC's alls the time. Thunderbolt w/ ICS
Biggest load of crap ever after latest update now over 32mb of space will uninstall.
after de last update isn't working! closing by it self! Before was great, but now..... they killed this app...
Above title just says it all...
RUBBISH APP!
Painfully slow to open and crashes more often then not.
Had to keep force closing everytime I tries to use the app. Eventually I just uninstalled the update all together...
The app takes a whopping 18 Mb of space that cannot even be moved to the external card. Ridiculous! My internal memory cannot afford that. And after few minutes of use, the cache and the data added other 7-8 Mb! On top of this, it's the app who consume more battery ever!
Force close problem everytime after update. Very bad.
won't let me post pictures or statuses.. mark I heard you fixed apple Facebook, now fix androids.
I can't connect foursquare and instagram to fb anymore.  Just received a fb error.  and I can't write anything in fb and share it. CLOSE THE APP!
Problem with notification after update. No sound and anything. Only vibrate can work. Try to change the tone from facebook setting also didn't work.
It freezes and forces shut crap update
Can't even use it. It won't open.
Cant open the app-_-
This update make it even worse. Not only I can't upload photos. It crashes for no reason!
Booo!
Battery hog! Slow! Unresponsive! Wth?
Frequently hangs,  the worst update so far,  hope the fix it out very soon
It's incredibly slow and won't show my friends list when I want to tag people. Sometimes I don't receive notifications for hours after they were actually posted.
No notifications, come on Facebook.. fix the notifications !
What a load of crap since doing this update I can't upload photos and comment or view certain pages tried to uninstall to old version and they stopped letting me too don't waste ur time
Recently this application keep forcing stop... pls fix it..
Control of the individual posts cannot be done via the mobile app. The settings remains from the last post and you cannot modify it as well. Very bad engineering. Total mess!
Getting worse every update
This app gets worse everytime you update it! Fix it! New update sucks!
To many crashes
Everything is a struggle on this app, status update just keeps "Publishing Post", pictures never upload.
Opened it three times in a row, crashed within 10 seconds each time.
I do not use Fagbook and can not remove this friggin app why.
Force closes constantly since last update, this is on HTC Sensation running ICS
Gaarbage  utter garbage nothing else just change the name to Facebook garbage for phones. I have been regretting ever since i updated facebook on my phone, connection lost , every time connection lost why , how? we woudnt even have given that 1 single star but there is no choice, i dont know why you guys produce updates that do nothing,or are crappy, even the third party app work completely well "messenger". now i will not update this app and wont even use facebook on phone untill, there is a stable update. Thats very bad apps dont work fine , but why can't i even write "my status."
Keeps on force close. Love the new multiple photo uploads but still unable to select with Albums to upload to. Overall good update.
Hey Facebook, the iPhone got a re-write.  How about using some of your BILLION$ to give Android some love??
I updated my Facebook app yesterday and now it will not open. Plain white screen. Please fix. I have never had problems with any of my apps. Help me! Thanks
Terrible update with crash all the time
更新後玩FB超級容易當掉!! 卻回不去更新前的狀態，請幫!! T_T
If I cud give no stars I would. Comments go missing then u can only see 1. Seriously if u have not updated yet DONT. Dont get notifications when people post back and write on things I have its just disgraceful
f***k always stop working after the last update if only i can give -5, i will!
After latest update on 24/08 Galaxy s2 ics keeps crashing. Uninstalling and reinstalling makes no difference.
My photos won't upload since update.
very poor after update, crashes and force closes
I am unable to post status updates or wall posts! I've told the developers so many times. So mad about this!!
Cannot refresh my notifications,cannot load photo..please solve this!!
Still can't watch or post comments on video's. Not responding -__-
For goodness sake! I wasn't even having problems with mine then you make an update with 'fixes' and it breaks. Well done you. Just leave things the way they were. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
too bad
Force close? After the newest update. Fix it.
I've had problems with this app for months and now even worse now its been updated absolute crap! Time to uninstall!
Its freezing and crashing too often
It needs fixing again every time I try putting a stutus up it dont show up & also photos dont show up
I have Trouble loading up pictures (slower than the built in browser),  buttons don't respond, and "internet not responding" issues when I am constantly connected to WiFi.
When you think about the amount of money Facebook has and the fact that a tiny percentage of that money could improve this app no end, you realise how bad it is. Force closes often, doesn't load photos or comments sometimes and if you manage to get push notifications you're lucky. I only choose it over friendcaster because it's more aesthetically pleasing.
Status should b able to tagged people not just comment U kno how u just put @ and there name
I was going to update until I saw the reviews. Y bother updating when obviously it's rubbish
stupid appp
Forces close alot. slow to load even on WIFI. Notifications dont update to most recent.
New update stinks......im not getting notifications and refresh is not right! Please fix. Droid fascinate!
Everything about this update sucks n blows at the same time!!
更新完hang都蠢， always force close
Hoping for a faster Facebook app, I updated to the latest version but now it doesn't work at all on a Galaxy S2. Maybe time to switch to Google+
Very unreliable
The new updated apps always need to force close. It hangs once the apps is open.
Hey!!! Please Fixed The Not Respoding Problem
Best Facebook app so far
Latest update force closes
But its fucked on my nexus 7with all the money you make try and fix up your crap app
New update has RUINED IT ! Doesn't even start at all now. 10 out of 10 for not properly testing it...0 out of 10 for the app now. Well done (sarcasm).
Since the last update, when I try to open, the screen goes black, stays black, then forces close. HTC Evo.
Absolutely garbage
It's  freezing all the time and I have to kill the process often.
Probably the worst "legitimate" application on the Play store. Glad that Facebook is forcing their developers to suffer.   Warning: This app is even worse than the website. Use, ***Friendcaster*** by OneLouder if you have a brain.
After newest update every time I restart my phone it says facebook authentication failed...please fix for htc evo 3D
One star more than what it deserves, news feed no longer works
Keeps crashing since the new update! Load October crap!!
Freezing phone. HTC sensation co. Android 4
This update sucks keeps force close every time i try to get on...terrible...
Another crap update but hey surprise surprise the ibrand update is working typical...
They need to update this app more often. It crashes all the time. You hit 'back' to go back a page on someone's profile and it goes all the way back to the top of the newsfeed. So frustrating. And bring back ability to upload photos to specific albums... Why take that away
This is the most shittiest update ever ....it takes forever to load and the most recent and top story shows same updates...chat is slow..i haveno option bt to browse from opera...facebook ppl pls resolve these.probs as soon as possible
Since update keeps crashing even when its just running in the background. So it freezes my phone what ever im doing. Thanks
Freezes
Messaging doesn't work correctly, often fails to connect to the internet and generally slow. Little support for events.
Poo
Force closing and freezing all the time. Terrible
Crashes every time I open. Sort it.
This app is a trash
What the hell happened to this being half descent can only see some people on chat but can't even load news feed even when receiving 15 mbps from wifi..... The only way I can go in facebook now is to use WiFi hotspot and use my iPod touch... Very disappointed!! :(
Hate the update no point of it everytime set status gota to load up it sucks big time
Force closes, lags, i just uninstalled it.... The browser version is better
Keeps closing after update and not sure how to uninstall update :/
Wish could give you NO stars. Please make it so can move to sd card as its taking up to much internal memory has reached point where cant update. If this carries on going to be forced to delete app!!!
I already know this update will suck cuz it wont even let me install update!!!!! & I have a ton of memory!!! Wow worst app wish I could give half star..
Had to uninstall update. Causing phone to hang and lost link to phone contacts.
Lot of buggs . Very bad app . Just lost hope in any good updates
Update has caused many bugs since then. Please fix this!
I have this for a year and I am disappointed. It drains battery, consumes a lot of Mbs, heats up the phone, is awfully slow to load, its default settings are not at all good, can't be moved to sd card. Still, I use this cause it's the official app and can be trusted, it not to be a malware
Just get a black screen when i start the app until it force closes, when it does work there are connection problems, its also a battery hog, MOBILE SITE IS MUCH BETTER!
Not quite as bad as the iPhone app, that's dire.  This comes a close second though!  Crashes, won't load comments, just sits with a blank screen etc. When you consider the size of Facebook it amazes me they can't get decent people to develop apps!  DO THE DEVS EVER READ THESE REVIEWS?!!!
For one of the top networking sites, its app sure does suck... Wish I could COMPLETELY delete off my fone... And now the mobile site is freezing...
After latest update, its force closes in every 5 mins. Pls guys do someting ASAP.
It's freezing! Please do something to fix it!!
I can't select an album to upload my photos into. Everytime I update this app it gets worse!!! Horrible. This app makes me want to throw my phone at the wall. Stop changing things that work fine and try fixing simple issues. Ever heard of "leave well enough alone"? It's sad that a year ago this app worked fine and now it's absolutely useless.
Soo sloow and takes up so much space !!
This App just keeps getting worse and worse! It doesn't even update my news feed and I don't get any notifications  through! Rubbish!
11mb? when i install its a 22mb. :(
This latest update is absolutely pathetic !! A multi-multi-billion dollar company can't even sort out an update without its app continuously crashing. Come on Facebook .... get it sorted and do it soon !!
... The latest update. Keep having to force close it. Might just have to use mobile site instead.
The worst app on the Play Store. Have tried it on all my phones, with WiFi, with the mobile network, everything. Lags, doesn't load most of the time, is very unresponsive, seriously. INSTEAD OF ADDING NEW FEARURES, WHY DOESENT THE DEVELOPER FOCUS ON FIXING THE BUGS AND THE APP ITSELF. NEEDS TO DEVELOPED FROM THE GROUND UP. ABSOLUTE RUBBISH. USE THE WEB BASED VERSION.
I have never known a app to crash as much as this one.
Never logs in, never shows comments slow to load everythin since new update........sort it out please!!
After reinstalling for about the 10th time I can now look at stuff but can't upload anything. Better but still not good...
Yet again there is another update with useless features, still no improvement in the horrible speed of the app and STILL no fix for missing timeline and basic controls to view albums etc. Come on Facebook devs. Are you the unpaid interns in this company? Another update, tab users still being ignored.
Force closing and lock ups.... every single time I use fb....
Will not load since I updated it. Constant force close.   Absolute rubbish.
Since the last update and it keep forcing close just after a few minutes of using it
App functions well, but leaves a lot 2b desired, especially 4 such a popular app.  Find myself switching 2 web often, & wish it was easier to get to. Update 8/2012, cannot load friends list, tag, etc. cannot paste in status update.
What improvements? This app is laughable. It's like you developers are just waiting around until October when you can sell off your own shares on your bad investment. Facebook will be junk stock by the first quarter of 2013! Better hide some cash Zuckerturd or that hoodie will be all that you'll have soon!
Keep force closing
I've had to remove update on my phone HTC sensation as it kept crashing. Then my phone freezes so I have to restart phone so all apps are killed off please give us a version where we can see things properly and remove stuff from our profiles if we don't want ppl to see it. I only login to FB at home on my computer now as its not worth it on my phone more hassle than its worth only gave one stars as u don't have option to give it no,stars!!! AVOID!!
Keeps hanging since the new update, Samsung Galaxy S3, Android 4.0.4. Why do we bother upgrading? It just keeps getting worse. Keeping posts in order might help, poxy timeline.
It wouldn't surprise me if FB stock gets downgraded to a junk stock. Blank screens with pics and notifications are about 48 hours too late. HTC Desire
Fb is the most used app out there. How come u can't get it together? It doesn't even work!! Seriously it's ridiculous how bad it is!
Continuous crash looping
Can't upload pictures and that's all I do on Facebook
Facebook it's not responding.Screw you Facebook!
This apps been ruined again
Update sucks now I can't even open.
Force closes everytime!! The app only makes me mad!!!!
Even after newest update it bugs and crashes all the time... Cmon facebook, are you serious!?!?
Stops responding and force closes so often that I haven't even had a chance to see any of the changes made with the new update.. it seems this app just get worse with every new update.. get your s**t together Facebook.. soo not impressed!
cant post status updates, cant view notifications. anothe fcukup facebook. IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT!
Everytime I try to post a status or a comment always says it stopped working.
Fc after latest update
This last update is horrible
This app just sucks.. Too much to list..   Facebook obviously doesn't care about the Android users.. :(
This app just sucks.. Too much to list..   Facebook obviously doesn't care about the Android users.. :(
After the latest update its crashing like hell....pls resolve this. I hv a galaxy note with ics & latest firmware upgrade
force closing 3times in 10 mins
suck
1 step forward, 2 steps back.
I took the time to write out a heart felt status post on my gf's timeline and what did the app do? Screwed up as usual! What a complete waste of time!
still often force closed, too laggy and can't move to SD card..
We are unable to drag and adjust the cover pic...and why cover pic displayed so large it should be diaplayed in its actual cover size please solve it.
And why is it requesting Geo Location even tho it is turned off in the app settings?
2times I uninstall ready.
After i updated It keeps freezing and   crashes .. skyrocket 4.0.4 please fix!!
This app not working on my galaxy s II. Unable to see pics using wi-fi.
Memory hogger. Cannot move to.sd card
Keeps forcing close after last update.
Status updates only posting after the 2nd try,same with mobile uploads and my close friends updates are not being pushed to my phone forces close and what's with the extra MB!! it's the most draining app on my phone! App to SD please,fix these issues and my rating will go up.
Used to be annoyingly slow an feature-incomplete. Latest update slowed further and added crash and burn at every turn. Poor!
I recommend backing up all your apps, with something like Astro. Then WHEN the hopeless dev teams mess it up (like now) you can just go back until they fix it.
Its not working after the update.  I have to uninstall the update for it to work. Pls fix it.
Bagovita aplikacija displej potamni  I ne reaguje vise posle update_a
The new update works worst than the last update. 0 stars. Keeps force closing.
Keeps freezing and won't upload and pictures.
Force closes all the time. from the billions of dollars of profit, can't you make a website or app even slightly efficient.
why are there only top friends in "chat"?
It isnt working for me, both on full signal wifi and full signal 3g+ it is just saying connection lost!
Keeps on giving error. Facebook has stoped working. Since the patch needs to get looked at
Keep crashing when I comment or post on my friends wall
Force closes all the time and makes the phone lag like crazy all since the last update..Thank you -.-
For something that should be light and fast, this is the slowest app ever.
The FB app freezes and I have to force close every time I launch the App. FB should know better to release app builds without testing first. I use a Galaxy S2.
Forced to close after update
Since installing the update it keeps crashing, not impressed!!
Keep tellin me I dont have enough storage when everything else is updating and have massive phone memory I prefer the normal Mobile facebook 2 the app
App won't open on Samsung Galaxy SIII after latest update...
If it continuously go on taking phone memory like this then it won't be used by any body ----)
New update..still slow..  thumbs down!
Force closing heavily..uploading photo failure..can u guys plz fix this?thnx alot
This Facebook update sucks!! Always freezing & taking forever to load
black screen and force close again, i've uninstalled and re downloaded again and again :(
Trouble loading all the time, slow as balls. Completely useless. No such thing as quickly checking your facebook.
Memory used is too big.
Slow to open, crashes, won't open, won't show personal updates, causes phone to crash.
nobody perfect..
Freezes, force closes, slow, the whole nine yards
But The Major Disadvantage Of Our App Is The Posting a status could you put via android or something?
Facebook has gone downhill over the years. Over complicated privacy settings, the app doesnt show true info feeds and the recent update has it crashing, freezing and slow.  Big waste of space!
Just loads and loads and loads only loading.... Nonsense facebook app.... I would like to rate it negative 5 stars...
Widget not working and slowest than before you guys must work hard or its getting the most worrest app  !!!!!!!
After newest update I have had force close issues. Had to uninstall update.
The new update has gotten slower and crashes more frequently!
I have updated my status several times n it is not posting...Wth
Sucks worse now since this latest update!!! When will you finally get right?????
With every new update it gets worse! Wtf is wrong with fb programmers? Do you guys even test these updates before you release them?
itz always a problem to upload a pic on specific album wid the using of galaxyII !! is the "mobile uploads" replaced all my own photo album? hope tht i didnt updated it.it is getting worsen!
Latest update constantly force closes - on ICS
Says all.
Freezes on pictures constantly wont log me in half the time really poor needs to be fixed as soon as
Keeps crashing after recent update
Hello Any 1??? Plzzz nxt tym mk a sensibl update. This app takes so mch intrnl memory... Chat notifcations are nt shown.... And it takes up quite a bit RAM of my fone Fix it
Useless. Takes forever to load and keeps force closing.
Won't allow uploading photos to specific album. Why remove an essential feature, numbskulls?  Why no ICS contact sync like Twitter?
Can't upload photos
NOTE TO SELF DONT UPDATE FACEBOOK IVE HAD NOTHING BUT TROUBLE SINCE DOING IT
Provlems: force close, voice text wont work, no pics, seriously vary slow, no notacthions, wont tag, timeline fail, cover photos wont come up most of the time. Anyone care to add as to why the facebook stock died lol
Doesnt install on Arc S with ICS.
Keeps firce closing after the new update .. it's so annoying!
Keeps on crashing since last update...please fix...absolute crap now...
I don't need it.
Force close After update
Sucks! I can't use my fb app. On wifi or 4g the app will have "trouble loading" or "lost connection" it's very bad.
On one x
After the last update, it keep crashing while is running in background! FIX IT!
Was good, suddenly bad! On news feed cant see photos, cant_  like, cant see friend requests! Gone back to OPERA! Shame. Cos when first @@downloaded, loced it! Now it's a real hassle! Please fix!
Boycotting this app sense Facebook is favoring ios over android with a better update I hope Google retaliates
it sucks
It is very bad it needs to be fixed right away keeps frizzing have to install in and then unstall please fix it already!!!
It works good but some of the problems are that it is slow and the pictures are blurry and hard to see and it keeps saying foreclose and wont load it says can't load no wifi or internet connection please fix this problem  LG optimism
Dont bother updating .. You wont be able to connect to facebook after doing so!
Since the latest update.
It is really useful.
I don't understand why you guys can't make an app that works? Horrible and terribly slow after last update!
Latest update hanging in background, and causing havoc with foreground apps/CPU usage- uninstalled so I can use my phone properly again...
Doesn't work!!!
My screen is flashing on the photo pages.
New update keeps crashing / force closing. Not good!
I just had an update two days ago . And since then I have had nothing but problems with this app . Now it is starting to not load when u open it up and it freezes all the time for no reason .
Crashes too much. Slow.
Really Facebook?  What do you need that for? I have been close for a while, but now I'm fed up with your disregard for privacy
The newest update is terrible, I had to uninstall then reinstall for it to work. And it seems every time we reupdate it runs slower.
Since I updated yesterday, this app has done nothing but force shut down and not respond. Its so so slow! Save yourself the hassle and dont update!
The new update is just Fxxxxxd up. Always crashe's after every 2 min on my galaxy S3. need a option to restore old version.
I never rate apps, but I feel this app is THAT bad that people need to know. New update means it now doesn't load and freezes. Before that, couldn't update my status or comment on anything while roaming. Just pointless...uninstalled!
Force closes nearly every time I open it, or freezes up as soon as it opens. Every update makes the app worse and worse! I NEVER write reviews or rate apps but it's sucks so bad that I went out of my way just to tell you about it. No stars
It is superslow and buggy for most of the time
Keeps crashing after the new update.. WTF?
Whenever i put a new status up it says that it cannot be loaded at this time! I do it again and it does, REALLY annoying!! Also i dnt always get notifications for comments on my status or photos, please sort this!!
recently not responding after update
Please fix this I keep having to force  close facebook
Definitivamente la peor aplicación que he tenido. Very disappointed!  Hope they fix all their issues.
Need fb app bettr than apple */
Poor update keep not responding
Nah
News Feed Not Showing Up! Neither are the new status I put up with my phone! This is frustrating!
Keeps foreclosing ever since I downloaded the update... This app sucks! Please fix! I'm sure I'm not the only one who is experiencing this.....
Since the update I've been getting force close pretty much every time.
Keeps force shut fix bugs!!
Stürtzt seit Update nu mehr ab. Extrem scheise die App!
If it isn't enough that this app was barely functional, after the update it's totally useless! It freezes up immediately and I have to force close. I'm on an LG Optimus V. Facebook is going downhill fast. First the privacy blunders then the forced timeline bs, now bad apps. Unistalling all together.
Forces close and stops other programs from notifying updates, emails received, etc...
Had to uninstall after the update. Takes double the space and is unstable. I also like being able to move to sd card. Seems like some of that space could be freed up.
GARBAGE!!!
Crap as always. Keep having to force close. Come on, sort it out!!
This app is forced on my phone, even I *hate* Facebook!
Can we plz go back to normal fb
Won't bring friends list on chat or let me chat, slow and I'm sick of the force closing!!!
Crash and stall issue. Three times since update. HTC onex
new update keeps force closing as soon as i open it plz fix
plz get back old fb.. wt ur all trying is good bt its not all usefull they totally smashing memory.. we need news feed snd chat functioning ...
Gets more complicated to use after every update :(  like isnt it supposed to get better???
Pathetic , worst app for android , constant force close and way too slow ,
Always freezes , never works properly . Needs fixing !!!
Force closing after the new update..
Keeps closing after latest update. POC
Freeze, freeze, freeze... Would you like to report?
slow poke app
This sucks i havent been able to get on at all since last update uninstall and ill just use the browers instead
Since the update it constantly says Trouble loading.   And btw I don't want to add emoji to my messages. Stop adding in pointless crap and bring back the option to put photos in specific albums!!!
I'll consider downloading when they decide to get rid of the unnecessary bulk. Friendcaster and Fast for Facebook are much better alternatives than this bloatware.
Your friends hate you. And only you care about your kids birthday party pictures. How lonely you people must be. It's a sad state of affairs when you can literally feel the decline of civilization.
Fix This!!
worst app ever!! stupid to navigate, don't get notifications through, freezes all the time, black screen all the time. who makes this crap?! il just use the website instead
Since the time I installed this new update my fb is crashing every now and then...everytime I receive a msg saying it stopped responding...I urge you not to install this update until it's fixed....
image upload will be failed if privacy is not set to all friends on HTC SENSATION.  Random freeze.
Continues to be the shittiest executed app.... ever! Laggy, freezes, even on an S3 with LTE
This is quite possibly the worst functioning app on my phone. However, since FB's mobile site is nearly as bad, it's also the most necessary. And the developers know that, and I've come to the conclusion that they just DGAF about how user friendly it ISN'T.
Won't load with the new update!!! Frustrating!!!
Poor performance..long loading times..complete trash. Even has the nerve to tell me I have no working data connection, even when I try it on Wi-Fi. 3.6 stars? One star is too way much. The ONLY reason I keep it installed is to sync contacts.
It keeps freezing and I keep having to force close ever since I updated it
After the latest updates i cant upload photos at all...it fails every time...
Freezes since new update&force closes too a lot.:-(now doesn't even open the app?
Worked great before yesterday. Now, it not only crashes every time it opens, it also crashes everything that is linked to fb. Pretty much all my games and apps! Uninstalling until you can fix it.
its too slow aftr new update n face book fshuld fix some option to protect photos atlst it shuld ask for permission before anyone download ur pics
Newest update seemed to loose the option to view news feed as "most recent" all I get now is out of order random stuff. Previous version worked ok...
The app has never been as good as the mobile site & now it crashes when you try & open photos!
Avoid installing v1.9.8  on galaxy S3. Got  installed the latest version 1.9.8 on galaxy S3 and it now crashes every time I got in and out when looking at pics or comments on them. You got it all wrong!
Doesn't work and force closes . Use to work so am blaming the updates again. Please fix. Android 4.04. Galaxy s3
SINCE LAST UPDATE FORCES CLOSE. FIX THE ISSUE NOW!!!!!
Since the last update. During writing nd reading messages. :@
20 MB.... WTF!!!!!
Since the latest update I cant post anything to groups or people's walls and keep getting notifications that people have commented but cant see the comments!!!!!
force closes
After this new update on SAMSUNG GALAXY S II  m getting FC window i can't use this app what to do now ???
Force close on several ocassions...
Keeps force-closed!!!
keeps in freezing since new update....rubbish
Since the last update, the app keeps having force-closes. Im so disappointed.
New version is awful... Always stuck and not responding Why I can't share posts from my friends... Where is the fun then? Just to read FB like a newspaper then like or comment!!!!!!!!!!! I hate it :-@
Won't even load now just force closes, why can't it be left alone? Constant updates that don't improve anything! Take memory up and get worse each time!!!! IF IT AINT BROKE DON'T FIX IT!!!!!
I'm constantly getting a message tha the connection is lost. Started after i updated the app last night. Connection for all other apps is just fine. The update has rendered the FB app useless for me.
Latest revision keeps forcing close and does not display recently posted comments.
Sucks
Once again an unnecessary update breaks the app, well done Facebook. Crashes when opening every time.
Latest update sux. Freezing constantly, cannot upload photos, long loading time... what the f.... happened?
It keeps force closing after update...optimus s
It keeps force closing after update...optimus s
Keeps force closing since update, galaxy s2
screw the updates! start from scratch! the entire app is broken!  update: read above
This is not the new update mark promised i got that on ipad and it was great this still sucks
Can't load pictures via share... Or any other way.. Have to go via internet fb.also poke notifications not working! Also comments made disappear to my view.worst up date yet..pls sort!!
never had a problem until the most recent update.... it is now  the worst app I use!! it CONSTANTLY stops and then doesn't work for ages after. infuriating!!
Wats wrong wid ur developers dont u pay them or sumthing??? Force closes all th time on gb n never starts up on my froyo...
Latest update is rubbish,  can't upload photos an keeps popping up not responding even tho its not even open
doesnt work after todays update
I thought it was annoying that it force closed before the update, but at least I could upload photos! Now I can't even do that! And it STILL closes on me! Really?!
Unable to download due to 555 error
....on the homepage anything I post. Only on my own page! I'm talking to myself ffs!.
I can't use the app anymore! Makes my phone reboot every time I use it! Needs a major fix!
I can't use the app anymore! Makes my phone reboot every time I use it! Needs a major fix!
Why the new version getting worse? Keep lag & force close! Pls improve......
The new update now won't even open up. Even if it does it has issues so I'm constantly sening reports. Not happy or impressed.
Cannot post an update without this crappy app crashing. Also, no share button. Ffs Facebook, haven't you been at this long enough?
Newest update is the worse of them all...you have finally broke it! Keep force closing. Probably just going to permanently uninstall this garbage and look for an alternate.
Struck very often..cannot delete posts and reply
Can't even open latest update. Force closes every time...
Can't even access facebook page, force closes every time!! Useless!!
The latest update has now broken the widget as well! Why can such a massive wealthy company not manage a good app?! Samsung Galaxy S II
Latest update (24th August) force closes every time it runs. Had to revert to an earlier version.
It takes forever to load anything...
The only app that I expect to work properly on my phone now crashes every 5 minutes after last update. How does this happen? Do you deliberately make this app garbage? You want people on the web version obviously where all the ads are. So completely dumbfounded.
Downloaded a corrupt file now fb just force closes. Dont bother on the htc desire!
Five things this app needs. 1. A tablet interface. How do devs that get paid dirt have tablet interfaces on their FB apps and you don't?  2. It loses connection one out of every 5 pages I try to load. Get a clue, it isn't my fault. Google+ and Twitter has no such problems. 3. Resizeable, scrollable widgets. Get with the times, it's not 2008 anymore. 4. I'm running a phone that doesn't lag. Your app lags...seriously? 5.  The devs who don't get paid anything for their Facebook apps include themes. No excuses.
After last update it does not work hope fix it soon
26 megabites on phone memory only are you serious please fix this!!!!
The lastest update crashes too regularly. Instability issue, perhaps?
Since the update my galaxyS2 freezes and force closes everytime i open facebook! Everytime i try to look at a photo it say facebook has lost conection, then reloads..? Will these bugs be fixed??
After newest update it wouldn't start running
At least 2 or 3 times a week keeps saying not authenticated and boots me out. Finally given up and un installed from my Samsung galaxy. Not reliable and disappointing
For the money this company makes this should be a 5 star app. I have seen this program go downhill for android over the past 2 years. If I didn't need to upload photos to FB I would not have it on my phone. Stay away from this app.
Sort it out Facebook, keeps crashing after the update
So I'll just go ahead and uninsta... Oh that's right, I can't.
Ever since the new update it has been force closing everywhere I go. I can't do anything on Facebook. Please fix it! But I like the new update but force closing is getting to be much.
Always hang & force close after update
Keeps constantly crashing...
Mobile website is faster and actually loads, waste of time
Make that three. And with the increasingly obtrusive ads it may be time to leave. Very, very poor.
You guys are without a doubt one of the most incompetent developers in the world. This app is an embarrassment.
The new update really sux big time.....kept crashing on my HTC One X......have to uninstall & install back the older version......pls do something good before u guys post an updated version!!!!
Even with an excellent connection, the pictures never load. Crap app.
Unlike iPhones, most Android devices don't come with much built-in storage. Instead, we make use of SD cards to store "stuff." The facebook app keeps consuming more storage with each upgrade and it's getting to the point where my phone is always showing "Low on Storage" warning and no longer syncing any texts, emails, calendars, etc. due to the Facebook taking up all the built-in storage while there is still more than 1GB free on my SD Card. I'm sure I'm not the only one experiencing this issue. Please update the app with option to move to SD card. Thank you.
Can't post any pictures after recent update or upload pics! Not happy!
Absolute horse sh1t since the last update. Freezes & crashes regularly on my S3 which isn't exactly lacking for processing power. Facebook are apparently making their staff use this app day to day to show them how terrible it is. Fingers crossed for some fixes.
Stops responding after the new update has gotten so bad that I now can't use the app
Its aight! but it always pauses and causes me to force stop facebook! It really gets annoying!!!
poor, at best... :(((
Since the last update I can no longer share photos so until this is sorted u get one star! Sort it out for goodness sake
keeps crashing and freezing my phone! fix it! theres enough people with the same problem so why are you doing nothing!
Used to be a good app. Pics take twice as long to even load. Keeps force closing way too much and takes 30 to a minute to even load when going into app or it asks to force close.
Forces me to close it. Sucks
Ever sence my last update the android Facebook app has been consistently slow and glitchy i can't look at photos without having to wait through a black screen for 10 or 15 minutes before the pic load. News feed doesn't update automatically and my notifications don't show up for long periods of time due to " sorry has timed out". Will re download this app once all of its many problems are fixed.
Sucks
Many features missing.  Hogs bandwidth.  Slow.  Crashes.  Not user friendly.  Forces GPS use & location tagging; cannot be disabled. Overall this app is awful. Stuck with the mobile website.
I have to keep posting over and over to get my post to show up. Please fix!
ASUS TF300- app crashes constantly. can we finally have an app that works? Have to use the website now - oh
Crap. Crappiest app ever.. back to friendcaster.  (Ironically a 3rd party app is better than this.. go figure.)
Not opening at all after latest.I wish i didn't update it because the version before was working properly...
Since "update",it constantly freezes and force closes!!! Fix the update
Since the latest update it keeps force closing. Makes no sense for updates to make things worse, fix asap, one star for now
It doesn't want to pull up notifications at all and is freezing.....WHAT A JOKE!!!!
The last update made a bad app terrible. Sort it out guys you're starting to embarrass yourselves!!
I had to uninstall the entire app just because it keeps force closing it.
Not so content with this app... Unfortunately I'm not able to view my Inbox messages " or Likes " Preferred using Google chrome than using this app... unsatisfied ...  if it's up to me,  I'll  give it zero star.. *Please update to 5.0 that Apple Haves :) ......
keep hanging most of the time after update.
There is no way to view my friends' photo albums. Frustrating because in facebook for ios it works just fine and the photos icon is there. Why?
There is no way to view my friends' photo albums. Frustrating because in facebook for ios it works just fine and the photos icon is there. Why?
Its not seeming to download onto MY PHONEE. FIX IT!
Shouldnt have updated.  Now Facebook won't even open at times on my HTC one s. fb app needs to be fixed
I swear.. if theres a sns with a decent app that doesnt take forever to load nething (even simply comments), im switching over right away.  First time writing a review cause FB app just sucks.  Hope a strong competitor comes along and wakes you guys up a little.  I wish I can give zero stars
F*ck this app, shows everything a year too late and doesn't load anything. It is the.worst.app.ive.ever.seen how do all those assholes came to liking?
Worst app on my phone and that's saying something considering how huge this company is. You don't see this many problems with other apps, just Facebook. It's slow, force closes, loses connection. My browser works better than this.
This update is the biggest load of crap ever. My samsung galaxy tab 7.0 now cant get on facebook at all, because it keeps force closing every 20 seconds. I just wish there was an option for zero stars.
This update is the biggest load of crap ever. My samsung galaxy tab 7.0 now cant get on facebook at all, because it keeps force closing every 20 seconds. I just wish there was an option for zero stars.
after the recent update it sucks. Enough for me to take the time to complain. It doesn't update correctly & is really slow. *new* & this recent update is a billion times worse. Always force closing..
Slow file incomplete everytime.-HTC Evo
Slow, slow, slow. Doesn't even open after last update.
after latest update this app stopped responding
sg2 on ics os here...went from three stars to one....the update is worse than the previous version WTH!!!...seriously...force close screen often and im not even using the app
What a pile of cr@p after the update!Absolutely not working.
Keeps freezing.
lots of errors, crap interface
The facebook in ios works easly .
It takes ages for any of my posts or comments to go through, and most times they don't even work at all! Also when you click on an image, it shows you a completely different image! What's up with that?!
Please fix the latest update as it keeps crashing.
Never in my life have I spent so much time waiting for an app to load. And what's with the abbreviated options? Why can't I do some things on mobile that I can on the full site? What is keeping you from making the app more capable?
Never in my life have I spent so much time waiting for an app to load. And what's with the abbreviated options? Why can't I do some things on mobile that I can on the full site? What is keeping you from making the app more capable?
When I first started using this app it was simply lacking features. I want better sharing and I get useless icons instead. Now it crashes CONSTANTLY. It crashes even when I'm not using it. I cleared cache, I removed all my data and it still crashes. Still no decent sharing feature and the new Emoji feature doesn't work. Facebook, I hate you. I wish my friends would move to Google+ so I didn't have to suffer this crap.
With how incredibly bad the android app is.
Force close after update.
Takes forever to load and takes alot of memory.
Tired of the constant "Loading" screen, the "Connection Lost" screen, and the app opening after I close it.
I don't have a 3yr old phone here, and would expect any update to have at least a bit of field testing. This app is now unusable. Keeps freezing /FCing while simply scrolling down the news feed!!
After updating, always hang!
Sucks it has foreclosed on me at least 4 times since my last update DROID  RAZR Max
Since yesterday's update I write a post or status that doesn't post to the wall and it won't upload any photos or video, shockingly bad update and android app
THIS IS WHY FB STOCK DROPPED! MAKE A GOOD APP WITHOUT A BLACK SCREEN  ! THIS IS WHY IOS IS SUPERIOR. I HTC SENSATION 4G
Does anyone from this app read these! This update suuuucks!!! Is there anyway I can go back to the last version before this one? What Message Where??!
Freezes n shows crash notification even no data or wifi in on :@
Now broken and unusable
It crashes every 2 minutes
Since updating today, the app has force closed 5 out of 7 times having it open. Instead of trying to make it more fancy, make it work first
Cannot sort from top stories to most recent rendering this app useless!
Can't upload pics with new samsung update
Hasn't been working write
Very slow
Keeps force closing
Takes forever to load the newsfeed since update! Its starting to get pointless using the app. Going back to using browser!
I hate it... freezing n forced closing all the time
Force close...plz fix this prblm..
Please fix facebook, keeps force closing, rubbish update.
Couldnt download the latest update in my samsung galaxy SL
App becomes more and more unstable with each update. Long load times, connectivity issues, constantly force closing. Come on.
Changes in most recent update: force close application on consistent basis. Slow down loading of app even more (and you thought it couldn't get worse). Where is the 0 star option?
Keeps force closing
the screen just freezes..loads forever..  nothing happens..
So, with the new update, I can now load pictures but updating my status is still touch and go. However, now I have a bigger problem; the app rarely loads, keeps telling me there is a problem or no connection. Guess its back to the browser for me.
Constant force close, galaxy 3
Please fix.
Keeps crashing all the time after the last update!
Force closes a lot. And recently I've been unable to use my touchscreen while in the app.
when update shows error
Dont like how the app grows in size every time I use it and no cache to clear. Its upto 11mb now! Droid 1.6
I dont understand why they cant fix this app like it should work. All they need to do is make it exactly like the mobile version... heck the mobile version is better then this application. Please fix it like it was in December
What happened to being able to upload photos to a specific album? huge dislike!!! I want to be able to upload pics to a specific album and not just mobile uploads!!! Please fix! Stop with all the frustrating and unecessary "updates" ....don't fix what isn't broken! One star for now
Keeps force closing since the latest update. Also, notification tone doesnt seem to work anymore. It vibrates but no sound. Battery drainage still persists. Please update soon. Also, how come i cant share web posts and pictures to groups? I have to manually do them. Please include this feature in the future. Thanks.
I can't even use it anymore doesn't open after last update
Constant force closes after recent update.
I can't even look at a simple picture without with freezing up on me. Would really like if they would fix fb instead of making it worse every time it updates!!!
After seeing all the negative reviews I think I will pass on it....its bad enough as it is already.
keep losing connection
Cant do anything on Facebook anymore, Force close galore. Galaxy Nexus Verizon
New update is horrible. Keep force close. Really disappointed.
...
Keeps force closing on ics one x
Keeps on foreclosing on me and its slow as f' I gve no stars.
It's getting worse. Notification pops up every few minutes saying "facebook session expired" even if I'm not logged on. Tighten it up guys.
Freezes regularly and forces close since the update! Htc one x
Please fix the continuous crashing, unusable and says that Facebook is crashing every few minutes.
facebook doesnt open anymore. just crashes now after update..
Worst.update.ever.  No notifications at all. Before I updated, notifications were just fine. Updated & now says "Facebook Notifications Disabled. Device does not support push notifications."  Bullsh$t. It did just fine before the update. Fix this! Beyond frustrating.
It keeps freezing after new update. FIX THIS!!!
Last update was way better have to drop it to one star now
Version 1.9.8 keeps on freezing when on background. Version 1.9.6 that was preinstalled works fine. HTC One S.
With the newest update, the app requires force closing after 5 or so mins of use. Rather annoying.
There's no need to have access to my camera for photos or recording, that's invading my personal space along with all you're other permission apps!!!
... with no explanation.  Plus, it takes forever to load anything. Mobile site is much faster.
It will bot upload any pictures or notifications. -_-
And what's the deal with all the force closes now.
Force closes all the time, takes too much memory, doesn't refresh
Terrible. No wonder I'm on Google+ most of the time now.  24-08-12 - update - absolutely abysmal. Have had my HTC EVO 3D for 6 months and this app is far and away the worst I've encountered. Force stop twice in less than 24 hours. Am going to be accessing FB via the mobile site rather than this crappy app. Please sort it out!
New version also wasnt user user friendly when it comes to photo uploading. All photos in my phone were displayed and it takes a while to wait for all photos to be visible.. another let down. I prefer to search the photos myself rather than waiting for all photos to show completely. Crap!!
hey, it's getting worse,,
Sux to the max..
Using Nexus S. Crashes constantly, literally getting a notification every 5 mins. They fixed the fact that I could post status updates but it is now unbearable. Uninstalled!
File size just keeps getting bigger, seeing as it can't be transferred to the SD card yet can "edit SD card"
Worked ok (bar occasional force close issues) until latest update. Now it just doesn't work at all...
With the new update my EVO 4G keeps freezing then it gives me the force close option. Gonna uninstall latest update.
It's pretty much unuseable since this latest update. S2.
Force closing since ír has bern updated. Uninstalled.
New update crashes on my s2 simply doesn't work. Obviously not tested properly.
Wow once again this app has gone from bad to worst! Crashes every time I open it, chat still doesn't show who's online, the list goes on! My iPods Facebook app works fine so I know apple users aren't complaining as much
It says out let's you put emojis to messages...it just allowed me the first time...n layoutseems to automatically go to the old layout on newsfeed
Why does this app get worse, every update fixes one thing, adds another feature, and makes five things. Why?
Why are we letting Facebook take pics and vids of what our cell cam see's at any time ? Every one should be reading all the rights we give Facebook.
Why are we letting Facebook take pics and vids of what our cell cam see's at any time ? Every one should be reading all the rights we give Facebook.
Random crash in my phone while standby. keep pop up "Facebook app not responding", while i'm not letting it Sync or enable notification. please rework the apps..
Please patch this application, terribly slow at best, frequently i have to force it to close. Android 4.0 galaxy s2
Every update just makes this app worse and worse. Facebook for android sucks.
Keeps force closing
Can't use the app anymore, keep on force closing
Forces close before it even opens....
Please, please, please. Just reduce the memory space it takes especially since it can't be transferred to the SD Card. Apart from that, its pretty decent.
Such a battery hog for a start. Also cannot share posts. I wish this was better
Ok if I spend the past 5 mins writing a new status and then u press POST and it says error posting status! WTF!?!? I'm not gonna spend another 5 min retyping it all over again!!
New in latest update... course gps positioning ... where you give permission for them to locate you by cellular tower? ??? I think NOT. Will use friendster for facebook.
Goes to a straight black screen half the time
Goes to a straight black screen half the time
Ahh i used to like this app alot but this update killed it for me. It keeps closing, i need to reboot my phone >:(
constantly freezes up my phone then force quits... galaxy s2
I don't write comments but this app is terrible, I can't even scroll down for 1min before it freezes and force closes.  Facebook needs to get there sh!T together.
I have a galaxy s3 and FB crashes every time I try and update my status so have to go via the Internet to do it.
Working gud but can you add an option to directly download Facebook photos to phone :-)
I cannot even get the app to load since the last update. Just get a black screen. Fix this. Then maybe 5 stars.
Will not load my friend list says content to large works on my iPhone though facebook for android sucks
Why must u have access to my audio & camera at all times, where u can see through it at anytime.....? Uhhhh EXPLAIN?!?!
Facepuke for your phone app sux, come on now fix all the crap!!!
Ever since the new update yesterday, this app has hung 3 times while in use and I've had to force reboot my device. Never happens before in previous versions.
so dam plz dont update...it is verry bad...app
Force closes after last update
As soon as y'all get it working right BAM! Another update and back to crap. I am so close to being done with Facebook.
Since the new update, can't even upload photos. You'd think a mighty service like Facebook could make an app that's capable of comparing more to what pigs blow out the back end.
Removed till there is a more stable update.
Can't update status at all since update. Tried everything, log out and back in, uninstall and reinstall. Still nothing!!!!
Cant choose if I want to see top or recent stories, still slow and useless. Uninstalled!
I have an EVO 3D & It keeps on crashing and it takes forever to load.
Like Face Book ,PERSONAL. But it Works,OK!!! WHATSOEVER GOOFED iIT   UP....CA. CA...........
Update: Tried uninstalling and reinstall... no difference! Device: Samsung Galaxy S3  Pros: uh... Cons:  - Latest update constantly crashes the app.  - App keeps refreshing the screen after a couple scrolls resulting in landing back at the top while it refreshes.  - Selecting sort order of "most recent" does not stick and constantly have to re-select it every time I view my wall. - Messages constantly crashes the app  Summary: Use it if you have to, otherwise convert to G+... it's a much better experience!
After newest update keeps force closing!
This update for Android keeps force closing..I feel like taking the application off completely..I hope it can be fixed quickly..but for now it's a complete fail.
Keeps force closing, won't let me update my status or upload pictures half the time and when someone comments on something it will pop up in my notifications but when I click on it, its no where to be found !!! It's also running super slow.
Constantly force closing on my s3
I had problem when the facebook update the status. always keep force close. And some more when open to profile i cant view my own albums. Hope can view in timeline mode.... Please fix this problem
I had updated the latest version for my S3 but it kept on force to clsoe.Please fixed it1
FORCES CLOSED SINCE UPDATE, UNISTALLED AND NOW HAVE A DINOSAUR VERSION OF FB MOBILE! RIGHT ON FB! YOUR NEW UPDATE SUCKS! I would give zero stars if I could!
It freezes every time I try to open facebook
No notifications! Slow pic load! This app gets worse every time. Is a Apple spy working at facebook sabotaging the android version? Coz iphones fb works..
Always closes instantly
After new update freezed and it wont load up properly
I would give 0 stars if I could nothing loads or ever works. Hell my notifications don't even ring.
Fc every time i open it with new updat
Has been shocking since update!!!!
Wont do anything at all completely froze, unistalled!
I'd rather just go to the internet. This sucks.
The app does not work after updating to the newest version.
Always not responding. Facebook, please improve this app.
Crash. Glitch. Freeze. Crash. DELETE APP! Xperia Play.
If it didnt keep force closing would be better but afer force closing makes phone crash dissapointed facebook have gone backwards
Freezes on scroll after latest update.
This is so bad...keep freezing and crashing my phone since the latest update....ughhh i HATE the new update...please do something and fix it...
It gets shutdown forcefully. WTH !
Every update makes it worse. Aren't updates supposed to FIX problems? Can't get notifications, says not connected to internet, and I miss messages because it doesn't load right. Wouldn't give any stars, but its required to leave feedback. First timeline and now this crap...going back to livejournal! Would go back to myspace, but they're just as bad!
I swear this app only gets worse! Y bother using an app that only has 1/2 the functionality of the actual site? It freezes uploading pics & if they do work,U can't choose where they go. Notifications don't always show,friends aren't alphabetical,U can't share from news feed or set the default to "most recent" & 1/2 the time comments/statuses don't show up & U hafta rewrite multiple times. Come on fb...use some of ur billions to make a frickin decent app already!!!
Force close and freeze
Facebook app takes longer than it should to load fully and then when it does it won't load pictures that I click on, hopefully they update this to make Facebook usable
Everytime i try to update my status or even write a comment it freezes and then says the application has stopped and i need to force close. I can't upload pictures. Whenever i click on a post or picture to look at,  when i press back it will either take me back to 3 pages before or back all the way to the top of the news feed and have to reload everything, but never to where i just was. It's getting very old.
Seriously it won't load a page on my home wifi or when I have 4g and am capable of using internet with anything else big issue fix it
Now this update continues to freeze all the time and I have to force close it. It's unusable.
It freezes and force closes every time
And now it's broken. The supposedly "Share photos faster with a new upload flow" only means that you can no longer upload pictures. at all. So while everybody raves about the new IOS version - this one would be better off not mentioned...
instead of spending 1billion dollars on Instagram why can't you produce a decent android  app??? HTC EVO 4G
Latest update freezes and have to reboot to use it, very poor!
very slow to view picture
Since I updated it force closes every time I open it.
Takes up to much storage on my phone nd screen freezes like crazy...yall got to do much better...smh
Suckz!!!!!! Can't post my status says can not post at this time please try again later 3 x !!!! Hate this update
photo upload doesn't work on my Samsung s3 anymore after update ...fix the bug!!!!
M trying to update nd its not getting updated.. Keeps on prompting "insufficient storage available" whereas I hav 6gb sd card free storage nd 85mb phone storage left.. What the hell is happening??
After new Aug 23 update :-( Useless
Absolutely rubbish since the latest update, keeps crashing and freezing on my s3.
I hate this new upgrade for my new HTC x one
Wish I could write without adding a star! Keeps foreclosing everything and its slower than the other. I can't update my pics certain into certain albums. Fix it cause it sucks!
Was this app finally lag and bug free(ish), the latest update f-ed it up again. Please fb u rebuild it for apple please rebuild it for   android. Ok?
You keep adding more and more permissions... then force closes all the time... you suck Facebook for android.
ever since the latest update. Forces close and stops responding every time I use the app.
Just downloaded update. The previous version was slow, wouldn't load pictures properly, was sluggish and mediocre and sadly the mobile site works better. Blackberry got it right and they screw everything up! Get your sh** together, android has been around long enough to still be this defficient on an app! Only downloaded it because I don't have a choice. The update sucks too much..now it freezes!
Continues to crash! Uninstalling and not installing again until fixed! Hate it!
Latest update is a little bit shit. Force closes and hangs like hell. Uninstalled.
It always says I lost signal when I haven't... Also, there's no option to add photos to certain albums. When I post a status, it won't post. Then I click the status icon again and my new status is already typed out (only good thing about FB now), but repeat that process a gazillion times and it gets old fast. Slllllllow loading too and new pics you can't even SEE until you wait 15 mins or so. I accidentally loaded a pic and I wasn't allowed to delete it until this stupid app let me open it!  Incredible 2
Keeps freezing after latest update. Can't even use home button to get back. Not always at least. Please fix asap...
Constantly getting error messages since the latest update. Uninstalling.
The latest update which was on 08-23-13 is causing the Facebook app to freeze and force close. There are several people reporting this on this specific device. Please fix asap. Thanks.
Hey guys, next time never update this fb app, its never been better, it get worser after every update, so stupid app
Keeps freezing and closing, then runs super slow, wont post any of my comments, statuses or pictures the first time. Have to do it all twice for anything to post. Not updating correctly either. Isn't sending notifications.  SUCKS!!!!
Updated yesterday and now won't open at all. Very disappointing.   HTC one xl
How do you uninstall the new update?
Can't type on fb notes, body. Profile doesn't always update, pages come up a mess, and sometimes posts don't post....HTC incredible
This app sux since the update is worst freezes too much :(
Horrible update I cant even use it so now in using the Web to get on fb FIX THIS ERROR -.-
Once again another update with more problems. Forces close way too much. You try to publish a post and it hangs up. Can have full signal with a 7mbs connection and nothing. Notifications are slow. Chat is slow. If facebook are trying to increase revenue over the mobile platform they are doing it the wrong way. The coding is all wrong. Rather than a single code made for multiple platforms, use some of the money and develop a working application so that the end user experience is working. Until then its bad.
Tired of notifications never updating... Tired of friend req i cant see... This app is glitchy..slow.. And its always force closing..very unimpressed
I have to say this is the most rubbish app in the Android market aver, I don't use it much but when I do its not responding or have mind of it own don't understand why its try to do something when its not working at all, its much slower then the web version, waiting waiting waiting but nothing, try to do something before I sleep but waiting with it hoping it will respond, and now I'm stressed I want to brack my phone. Just wast of time.
Force closes constantly.  Plus I don't know if anyone else has this problem , but I can't sync my existing contacts. Syncs EVERYONE
Every time I open it, I scroll down and it force closes! Boo!
Please fix the sync problem, can't sync anything!  Nexus S 4.0.4
Yet again, a new update a new problem. Constantly forces close. Can you never get it right? HTC One S
This force closes every time. It's rubbish. Sort it out.
Gigabyte
Friendster had more features plus it also had push updates.. thus app only lets you update over pre defined time.. min  30 min.. Yes this app is as bad as you heard
Keeps on force closing after update
Lucky if it even opens & when it does I get a great 5 seconds before it freezes!
Wtf force closes after update fix it!!
Guys plz fix the chat, its not at all working properly on my phone, Galaxy mini.
constant crash after the updates, fail to upload photos on my xperia ray ics
Devs learn how ugly your app is! Glad you're being forced to use Android now. Use what you create! Add a menu button within the app for devices without a hardware menu button like the HTC One S. Follow the new Android Ui guidelines, and do something about the speed of the app and better widgets. Take advantage of Jellybean features!
How is it possible for this app to get progressively worst and worst with time. Its Unbelievable really, so many highly paid developers and yet still this app continues to deteriorate with every update. Two developers on a smaller budget could probably do a better job with this app than the one currently publishing this filth
App will work fine sometime and all of a sudden it force closes.
Useless app. Need to devlope more!!
it always force close!!!!! the last one is much better.  .
Why is the notification world keep saying lost connection try again later
Since the last update and the asp keeps freezing even when it is not opened.!!!!
Now facescat wont post any status, wont let me write on walls. Thought I was wishing my niece happy birthday and facecrap didn't even post it!  Developer still too busy sucking man flubber
1 star until fixed forced close
It is sh*t! Latest version freezes my Galaxy S3 all the time. Absolutely useless!
Poor!! Doesnt work on my galaxy s 3
"Not responding" error screen pops up every 10-15 seconds!! Like the new features but the report screen disrupts all other phone activity! 1 star till fixed. If you havnt installed this update yet... DON'T!  -HTC EVO 4G LTE
It just updated and it's worse than before
Im sick & tired of this, have to refresh every time I text someone to see if I got reply :@ F*CK FB
Locks up constantly. The plain browser is more reliable than this fail app.
Its okay at time but they need to fix alot of inner issues. Like how late at night sumtime the news feed will be repeating its news of the same status or how sometime when u update ur status it wont show up smh its annoying. It freezes more then it needs to also.
App is a load of rubbish, slow and won't load photos to view in albums. Constantly says connection failed, browser fb much quicker. Wouldn't recommend this app at all
There are many reasons why this app is less than user friendly.To many to list.The update has made it worse.I rate it negative five.The reason it shows so many downloads is because we have to uninstall it ten times a day in order to get what we want to do done.Really am dissapointed with the problems on this.
Im using my Samsung Galaxy S2. Few months ago, I still cant post photos at specific album. only & always at mobile upload. Please fix this problem.
It crashes every time when you start it. Dont download the new up date
Totally doesn't work anymore sense last update.
I've updated this app about an hour ago and I've already had to force closed 3 times. Please fix this.
Hanging problem nd very slow
Really hate the new update.. how can I go back..??????
Slow slow slow
Constant force close after the last update.  Will have to uninstall because I keep getting ANR (App not responding messages) even when I dont use the app.  Such utter fail.
This update sucks! Force closes every time. Need a fix asap!
Since the latest update i m unable to upload photos. Had to uninstall it. But still doesnt work well!
Think this app gets worse with every update! Force closes on start...  Messages, photos, comments, nothing works properly!  Nexus S 4.1.1
Cant upload photo after latest update, pls fix it
Keep getting force close or really slow app. Now with new update get told package file invalid on occasion....come sort out app!
Mucho bettero feizbúq...
Mucho bettero feizbúq...
Freezing more time and force close program ... I hope u to fix it and make this Apps to be great like in iOS version !!! If this problem not be fixed you'll lose your android user soon. !! Because friendcaster for android is nice and fast more that official Facebook apps.
Latest version crashing a lot And every pic upload fails, so had to uninstall it It's nearly as bad as the google map update farce
I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling. Claims my network isn't connected but, my browser and my twitter work fine with it.
No page admin support and force closes since update. The worst.
Galaxy note
The most recent update sucks. I can't post any status updates or anything. It isn't working right. Help!!
This app sucks!!!! Smdh this is why its loosing ratings!!! FIX IT!!!
it's practically useless these days on the odd occasion it works it takes forever.
Facebook...get your sh*t together. Force closes, slooooooooow ... so slow ... and it shouldn't take almost 5 minutes. Just to view a picture. HORRIBLE.
I give up. Switching back to the browsr connection
New update makes my phone freeze!
Update messed things up! Freezes, screen goes black, etc. Epic fail. Fix it
Toom away ability to paste in widget...now its permanently a non-pastable FB app. Get it together...cant wait till some REAL developers buy you and steal your fam and profit!
Another update that keeps crashing and freezing. I   to reboot my phone at least 3 times yesterday   Can I give it a zero star rating
Dude where's my notifications? They stopped coming to my phone and now I have to log into FB to refresh to see what my close friends are up to.
Everybody said "could this app be any worse?!" And your developers took it as a challenge.
This app is horrible, I can't view any photos besides profile pics, I can't create events, I can't look at my friends friends. Its terrabad. Almost want to sell my android and get a i-something  only because of this app
New update screwed things up. Says no signal when I have wifi & 4g.
First you fix it... Then you run it again for the tablet... new update sucks bad
Please change the app name to either of those. your latest update has turned a well built app into a load screen and Force closing disaster.
What was life before facebook!?!
Needs to a lot of bugs worked out. It is subpar app compared to most others and the computer and even the android browser versions are a lot better	Needs to be more like the android browser version!!!! This app sucks compared to computer version and browser version!!! Needs to a lot of bugs worked out. It is subpar app compared to most others and the computer and even the android browser versions are a lot better
Where r the emoticons? My keeps taking forever to download....
I have to have this app because my phone wont let me uninstall it!!!
Last update screwed up the app. Keeps force closing from time to time and I can't reshare pictures anymore...
Need I say more
Keeps force closing after latest update on HTC sensation so have had to uninstall the update to make app useable
dis update is crap jus cant share photos anymore...wtf
Very irritated by this new update
Facebook is one of the slowest apps I've ever used no matter what phone its on!
Have to force close every time I open the app because it doesn't respond.
You suck. And so does your app.
It keeps force closing after the latest update. Its rediculous.
Forecloses every time sort it out Htc you are poo
The app is amazing. But it takes up all my phone memory. It needs to be able to be moved to SD card!
It's bad it won't show pictures and it crashes your better off going to Facebook through the internet and not the app
Full of bugs! photos wont load and sometimes notifications wont show on my phone keeps crashing on newest version
Was working fine untill the last update...Now it keeps freezing and forcloses!!! Am uninstalling..
Constantly force closes and takes multiple tries to update my status. Takes up way too much MB in my opinion for something that works 1 out of every 5 uses.
force close, never works anymore. Uninstalled, this is the worst app I have on my phone.
The app forces close whenever I try to open a message....
Later Zuck.
Very lag !!!
Cannot upload pictures to share on my wall since the update today!
It's slow and won't show comments and it says I have a message and I dont, or I do and its not showing me. Also doesn't give me my notifications
How about instead of re-doing the Facebook app for ipads and iphones you fix it for androids as well ffs
EVERYTIME i want to post a comment or status i always have to force close . this app NEVER works now .
Force closes and won't allow me to post a status.are you kidding me? This is very tiresome that each update isn't helping!
wish your stock go down. This update does prove.
will they fix the upgrade? too slow, just so bad.
why my facebook app can not be updated .. there's always a paper error
Latest update causes freezes and FCs. Had to uninstall. Please fix.
Every time I post something then later its gone and I can't see whyyyyy I don't like it
I don't know if it's a server issue or what, but with this new version, it's Not letting me post to other people's wall.
Most recent update effed this app up. Load time is ridiculous and refuses to connect more times than not.
Has crashed multiple times today and won't stay on long enough to do anything before it crashes again... uninstall.
It's hard to use this app. It takes a really really long time to load and ends up with force closing so often.
I can't post any new statuses!! I can't tag anyone in my statuses cuz it says I have to many friends this is wackkkk!!! Ya better fix this asap
Poor showing from fbook.
Update sucks. Won't update correctly.
Its this useless app that m using fb on iphone again ... developers do use ios fb once and u ll know where u stand ... just nowhere against the ios fb ... and the last app just ruined everything u had earlier ... it hangs hangs and hangs and everytime says whether you wanna wait ignore or ok with you ... what the hell man !!
Doesn't load, I have to force close it everytime. Lags my phone very bad. This app sucks! Uninstalling till new update available.
Keeps force closing! I've notices a pattern of: release improvement, TRY to fix bugs with said improvement, and repeat. You'd really think that they'd be able to get everything working right by now.
I updated it think that the update might make it more faster But nothing as such.happened.....nd alo bought a hanging problem
I've force quit about 6 times in the past 30 minutes with this new update. Please fix!!!!
Continuous force closes after the update.. Totally unusable now..
Please fix this app because i cannot see my friends info or photos for my friend. No problem in my s3 for it is for my galaxy tab 7.7
Keeps locking up and not responding
Can you fix this!? Why is the iphone app running fast and smoothly and android is slow as hell.. Come on now get it together and fix it! You had mad updates n all of them suck! Come on ppl!! Fixx this!
Favebook keeps on force closing! Something is wrong
Widget stuck on "refreshing"since update.  App freezes and crashes frequently
Update is terrible
I updated my Facebook app which had been working pretty good and after the update it completely stopped working. I can't even open it...great. I thought updates were supposed to improve the app not make it completely useless.
For a social networking site, your mobile app is abhorrent.  I would expect more effort to be put into it considering the growing reliance on smartphones and apps. I know the company is having financial issues but how hard can it be to at least revert to a previously working build rather than leaving us all hanging?  Nice to see iOS users were taken care of though.
Can't upload photos and videos after updated to new version. Force close everytime i'd tried to upload photos. Fix it ASAP please!
Keeps foreclosing and when it works is really slow and buggy. It's unusable after latest update.
This app SUCKS!!!!! Always force closing since newest update, very SLOWWWW!!!!
The app doesn't open anymore, it forecloses.Fix for four stars, too slow anyways.
Tempted to install this hoping that I will be the one person in a hundred for whom this app actually works. But not with these reviews, no way.
Keeps freezing and force closing....and now it won't even open since the update!!! Going to go back to Friendcaster Pro!!!
But keep screwing it up. Now no notification tone at all. I uninstall and reinstalled many times and still no tone.
Even when I'm not on the Facebook mobile app it randomly force closes. So I uninstalled the latest version of it.
KEEPS FORCING CLOSED.AND THE TIME LINE DOESN'T NOTIFY YOU OF BIRTHDAY
Can't even use the app automatically force closes! Worked just Fine before update
Totally useless... Jldi dwnload hi nhi hota yaar.... Cmpletly bakwas h...
Cant upload pics
Cannot upload photo and lost some notification. Every things is slow for GALAXY NOTE.
Force closes every 2 seconds unable to use.
I can't look at any photos and it keeps force closing. This app keeps getting worse. I hate it. Fix it.
I can't look at any photos and it keeps force closing. This app keeps getting worse. I hate it. Fix it.
There is no emojis in my messages, and why is there no option to save to Sd card? This is taking up WAY to much space on my phone for it not to even work properly! My next problem is it says i "can't post statuses at this time" ALL THE TIME! And it takes 10 years to load! Horrible so called "update". Please fix or I will be forced to uninstall this app.
WTF did you guys do?  The screen turns black when I start the app and thats all.
Force closing -_-
Too many problems
Cant post a status it says cant post at this time!!! Why is every update worse than the last!!!!!! Fed up with this fb app!!! Uninstalling
does this apps foolish us? force close and not responding often happened on my phone SK 17i with Android 4.0. Hope developers may make this apps more better.
So fb must not care about their users on tablets. Barely functions on nexus 7 and wouldn't you think a quad core devices that's fully up to date be easier to make a fully functional app for? Just keep pushing users to alternatives such as Twitter and g+
THIS APP HAS GOTTEN 10x WORSE OVER THE LAST YEAR. THIS IS CRAP
I should have known...seems like just today my phone has said "no connectivity" or something along those lines all day...so i tried to update it and its taking forever!  Im pretty sure im having these problems because my fb app was set to allow auto updating, so thats why im having all these problems.I wish i could have the old fb back....goodluck friends!  P.S. What is emoji?
HTC EVO 4G DO NOT UPDATE!
Every second have to uninstall it
Bunch of lazy assess get to work on this
Keeps force closing
I can't even get my news feed to load before the app force closes on me.
Force Closes! Get this fixed ASAP....unacceptable from a multi-billion dollar technology corporation. Get your act together or Google+ is gonna roll over you!
This app sucks!
Lastest update makes this app worst. Force close 10 times a day.
should a update be better ? why it is wrong with fb!!!
Does not work after last update
It now takes pictures 10x longer to load, if they do at all. The whole app is just a lot slower in general now as well. I can't swipe to change between pictures. After posting status updates or comments they don't even register half the time and never appear. Congratulations on releasing yet another horrible update. I really loathe this Facebook app.
I thought the last update was bad. I can't even comment on a picture, let alone share anything. Another mess called an "update"
Since last update this has been near to useless, constantly force closes,DO NOT DOWNLOAD UPDATE !
Facebook will not load since update
keeps freezing in the new update I hate it!
Refuse too install this new update I'll uninstall and deactivate my account first. Why do you want or need all these permissions insane if you people give them all this access to your personal information like this....
Regret for updating! Cannot upload photos from albums! Only camera album can be seen, but not other albums. Please fix this!
Wonder how stupid there apps makers are.... No offense but you check atleast hundred times before giving update...
Have to reenter creds constantly. Happened again after update. Viewing timeline one sec, lose creds the next. Rezound.
Doesn't surprise me as to how low Facebook's stock is now based on how poor this app is. Pictures don't load, it's very buggy, extremely slow. The update now causes it to crash.
Cant even open it .. get error message saying connection lost all the time.pls fix it
Latest update 23 August still facing connectivity problem,I just can't view my wall or news feed, keep saying connection time out
90% of the time it freezes and I have to force close because it's not responding. I see now that I'm not the only one having this problem. Going to unistall latest update so I can go on FB
It doesnt let me comment. It takes forever to load images. 
Please fix the app! Is it developed by volunteers, just like the translations?
It doesnt let me comment. It takes forever to load images. 
Please fix the app! Is it developed by volunteers, just like the translations?
Facebook keeps on crashing after update wtf
Why can I still not post pics into my albums? Used to be able to about 5 updates ago then you took this function away and now they just go into mobile uploads. Also since most recent update, which allows you to upload more than one pic at a time which is great, but now I can't even  move those pics out of mobile uploads when I am on PC. Just stuck in my mobile uploads folder forever :/   Incredibly annoying.  Please fix asap!
Loved the app until I updated it, now its slow, always says no connection, and switches to a script look, with no pics. Please fix it!!
SLOW!
Since I updated it no longer even tells me when I get s message or comment on FB. Plays no notification sound...it worked before the update...
Don't update!!!! It wont load the page or let u see notifications, friend requests, or messages!
One star because I can't give no stars.  Since most recent update I cannot upload photos, constant force closes, slower than ever, tells me no friends found when trying to add friends to posts, the list goes on and on.  What the he'll is wrong with you people over at Facebook?  Get it right!  This isn't neuroscience! I'm sick of this bull now.  This app gets worse and worse with every update.
Had to pull battery once. 2 FC on new update. What the heck.
Works poorly when and if it works at all on my Bionic. Worked flawlessly on my Droid 2. If I have to tap to try to connect again, just for it to lock up, i'm going to scream!
The new update doesn't tell me who is online and when I log in it doesn't go to my wall which is stupid
Horrible update, click on a pic and it brings up a diff 1, trouble uploading photos, always refreshing. GARBAGE
Kept crashing and forced to close after update!
Hi,  The new update Keeps force closing, uninstalled 1.9.8 update & installed old version 1.9.7 & now ok
I never had problems with Facebook until now!!! Force closes every please fix!!!
Keeps freezing my phone then it has connection issues and when it does work all the post are all out of order.  Need more work!
Force closes constantly after update. Bionic. ICS
With every update the app gets bigger. This needs to be fixed ASAP. Connection lost, slow to load, sometimes does not refresh at all unless I close everything in Running Apps or I shut down. For the most popular networking site, the app is awful. Fix now. Evo 4g
Keeps on freezing my Motorola Atrix HD, to the point that the phone is literally useless, had to go back and exchange phone 3 times, I don't know if anyone else is having the same problem. I don't know if it's the phone or the app, but my old Motorola was fine.
With every update you need new permissions and you don't care to explain why?
Old facebook is better.
New version constantly freezes on my quad HTC. Reverting to the old version.
It freezes then force closes on start up every time since the last update.
So Sllllllloooooowwwwwwww, slowest app I ever had also new update constantly forces closed - Sony Xperia S. Worst app available.
Constant force closes . Put your crack pipe down and try again.
Fix all the force close problems. You have so much money. This app is plain bull.
Do not install this update its hangingva lot
It keeps freezing and force closing since the update! Please fix it!
Since the latest update it's been freezing completely, requiring me to kill it and open it again. I've reported the freezes and tried wiping data, cache and reinstalling, didn't make a difference
Keeps telling my inadequate storage space available for update but there is room for it.
Its so slow loading, then it shuts down. Needs alot of work!  Its even worse since the new updates, please fix and now it wont let my update my status or post anythin.
There also needs to be SHARE directly UNDER pictures, videos, ect.. please add. App is still way too slow.. now my notifications don't work wtf get your crap together and fix asap!!!
Do not install!!! I just updated this app on a Galaxy S3. First time runs fine. Next time and everytime after, it freezes. This is a very poorly tested app Facebook!
This app is terrible now! It won't even connect on ny samsung charge. Stop updating and therefore ruining facebook, if it ain't broke don't fix it...give us the old version back!
Loading fast but i'm lose notifications ringtone and disconnect every time
Please fix.!and I'll rate better.!
If I spend more than a couple minutes on Facebook, it force closes on me. I try to re-open it and it goes back to an extremely old version of Facebook. Also I try to update my status and it say its not able to and its error. Please fix and ill give a higher rating.
Updated to the newest version on my Droid X2. Will no longer allow me to upload pictures. Fails to upload with every try.
This thing keeps saying it stopped responding when I'm not even on it. Fix it once not keep updating and still issues!!
Keeps force closing after newest update.  Had to uninstall update for it to be useable.
Won't even open galaxy s2
Did update and all is does is force clise
Just attempted to post a very loooooooooong post on a friend's wall on my home wifi network and when I hit post it said there was an error. Looks like nothings changed in Android Facebook app land...
Stuff often doesn't load and often pictures take 10 years to load or the don't at all. FIX ITTTT
Ever since I updated it has slowed and froze more. It freezes everytime I am on it. Very disappointed with facebook!!!
is awful. Cannot upload photos at all. And what's with the spinning circle at the top?
It's slow. Freezes constantly, randomly updates.. Just horribly sub par. Please fix.
Ever since the upgrade my notifications aren't coming through. Just leave it alone, if it ain't broke don't fix it!
1 word for the new update..still rubbish!!!!!
This is the second or third app I review. I just wanted to say that with every update it gets worse, it's an awful and poorly designed app. But they don't care, since we have no other choice than using this piece of garbage. I can't understand how a company like Facebook can't afford to have a decent app, not perfect, but at least useable!
I dislike this version and preceding. It's very very slow to see some photo. please apologize this issue!!!
How bout when I select "most recent " it defaults to that ...instead of ALWAYS defaulting to "top stories " please and thanks !!!!
Seriously. It doesn't load, it's slow, it's a pain to use. Unbelievable..
Need to make this app work better with this phone, it has locked my phone up three times in a row within the last 15 mins!!!!!! POS!!!!
Just bad. Use m.facebook. instead
Keeps needing to Force Close without even opening the app.
I'm having to uninstall it and reload it. New update sucks !
Okay so ever since the update whenever I get a notification my phone will vibrate but will not play the notification tone no matter how high I turn the volume up on my phone's notification settings. Please fix
Chat still needs sorting. I can see who is online but can't chat cuz im always offline and won't let me come online even with the new update
New update messed with the notifications. Im on a galaxy s3 stock. The notification links are dead.
Slow, can't upload pictures, won't display pictures, comments, likes. Needs an update before I'll use it again.
It freezes & always force closes.
Freezes phone, lags, force closes.. HOPELESS!
On galaxy nexus. Black screen on load up and have to force close
On galaxy nexus. Black screen on load up and have to force close
What happened to the camera cannot access gallery anymore
The app keeps crashing and it takes forever to load more status updates.  I already reinstalled it and it didn't help.  I see by the number of recent comments I'm not the only one.
Another fail...get it together...
Updated virsion is very slow bullshit
Since the update all it does is force closes cannot even use it at all. Wish I hadn't done the update that way it would still work.
can't even upload and share pics......WTF!! Keep on sayin can't upload, and I'm on WiFi.
Unusable since update.
After this latest update it is crashing all the time.
..
I WANT TO SAVE IT TO MY SD CARD!!!! FB TAKES UP TOO MUCH ROOM!!!!
How to download pics from fb? There was no option to donload pic plz resolve it
Slow, unstable, worthless.
อัพเดทเวอร์ชั่น แล้วห่วยมาก เด้งตลอด ~
Everyone! Use friendcaster (: It's way better.
Crazy
Slow connection
This is so slow…My message always show the old message.
el update no esta bien . no sirbe tube que borrar mi telefono para instalar el biego facebook
Crashing since update. Galaxy s3
New Updated version is a crazy battery drainer.
Opened chat and it froze than force close after last update fix asap!
it is freezing after I updated the apps . please solve it , thanks .
After using this app on many phones and tablets I now hope Facebook goes out of business so we can use G+ instead.
this app isn't even worth a one star rating!
Won't work with latest update. Just keeps force closing. You'd think they could fix this crap
This is a spying and social engineering tool for the FBI.
The new update for android from Facebook has a bug. The status image when clicked does not open.
It use large space of memory, but still has worst performance, uninstaled..
Since new update on 8/21 app keeps force closing and freezing.
As usual, after every update, added tiny new feature, app doesn't work properly cb crashes frequently. Horrendous update as usual.
Sadly i have to un-install this app because it takes up to much storage and i am having trouble connecting:(
REFRESH IS A JOKE!!! NEVER WANTS TO UPDATE ON FB. SAYS CANNOT RETRIEVE INFORMATION AT THIS TIME. WAITING FOR THAT IS LIKE BEING OUT ON HOLD WHEN ON THE PHONE!!!! PLEASE FIX IT! IT'S NOT LIKE YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT IT'S PROBLEMS!
Needs a new update. I wont reinstall until.its working better.
The service does not work anymore
Frequently crashing... And hang my phone too this update sucks... Bad bad
At least three crashes today since the recent update. I've never had a problem with this since getting my phone 9 months ago. Please fix. Kthanx.
Just no . . . Wow.  Everything is so slow, never works! You don't even deserve one star
Barely even works now Horrible update if you haven't already updated my advice would be don't.
This up that in my evo 3d sucks stay stock in refreshing and never done i have to go app manager and for stop suck suck suxk FB 4 A
Eversince the update I can not get any notification sound please fix immediately
Just don't update easy as that. Horrible app thoe
But getting better...
But getting better...
The app crashes constantly now. What more would you expect from the company that ruined the IPO market. Junk. Everything that is wrong with American business today. No pride in their product. Profit above all else.
Every time I unlock my phone I see an ANR dialog.
This update totally screwed Facebook up, it's constantly freezing now when I open it and crashes
Crashes all the time.
Keeps showing not responding. Now it wont even open!!
The new update does this: If im not on facebook for more than a minute, and I try to post a status update, I automatically get a "(null)" error message and it doesnt post.
Crashes all the time, is slow and when it does work sucks battery like there's no tomorrow.
Wt happened to fb??? Everything is half the original size....tablet user dont update it... :-(
i don't like this update. i have 2 gmail accounts in my tab the other one is disabled. the other one is working which is what ive used to dload and install this app and update, now after this update my fb notifocations are disabled because of an authentication error,my active gmail is the working one. bring the old facebook app back!
plss add share button
Most recent update makes it force close upon opening. Get it together guys.
Whats wrong with the new update? Keeps crashing on my Sony ARC S running Cyanogenmod 9. Even before this, there are loads of shyts bugs u guys have to fix. Loading the news feed takes a million years
New upsate.. force closing
Fb has errors still!! Cant even uninstall the app...PLUS ITS FREEZING UP
Will not open at all since latest update. Always a force close. If I could give 0 stars I would. Get it together and fix the problems instead of adding more!
New update sucks it wont even open on my RAZR maxx
Freezes constantly since last update
App is garbage after the last update. Freezes every time. Have to force quit. Fix this Facebook!
They keep messing up this app more and more with every update. Just leave it the F alone! Would GLADLY delete this poor excuse of an app if it didn't require root! Using friendcaster from now on....
Crash crash crash.... Force close after no more than 2 minutes every time!!! R u serious!!
Never wants to open with the latest updates or force closes.
When attempting to check in it still is not working properly for my new S3...the new pic part where you can't select which album..who was the genius on that??? Some one please contact me on the s3 issue so you can see what is acutally wrong.
Se frisa mucho y se keda pensando mucho
Keeps force closing.
when will i add photos to my existing albums.. plz fix it.. cant upload pics since long :(
How can you call that an easier way of uploading? And it causes the app to crash!!!  (Edit: eff this poop!!! Now i can't even upload photos!!! Facebook, seriously?)
Force stop fix it
Not sure what improvements were made... Crappie update!
Why the heck do you need phone state permissions, slow app everything about it sux...........DEVs need to all get fired and hire new ones..._
Ever since the update the app keeps freezing & force closing! Especially when trying to write a post or comment! Also not giving notifications promptly :(
I can't see my status i post on my wall! Very annoying. Please fix it.
The last update messed my entire FB app up, it will not post my status', comments, or anything, it constantly refreshing. Please fix!
Force close very very VERY often since the latest update!
Takes forever to load every single page, definitely don't update it, old version was better.
Constantly force closing on my Nexus 7. I'm having to type this review on my phone which I have not updated. Quit making things worse!!
Massive glitching....  :-(
This new update is too slow. Takes forever to load anything and everything
Laughable, really. Forces closes constantly.
FC! FC! FC! -_____-" ARGFG
I will be uninstalling this app. Its the most horrible social media app out there. Problem after problem after problem. Notifications won't show up, can not change news feed to most recent, force closes, problems loading tap to retry. I can use facebook problem free from my browser, and the memory space is ridiculous for something I can do without the app. Plase fix, this is garbage!!!
I will be uninstalling this app. Its the most horrible social media app out there. Problem after problem after problem. Notifications won't show up, can not change news feed to most recent, force closes, problems loading tap to retry. I can use facebook problem free from my browser, and the memory space is ridiculous for something I can do without the app. Plase fix, this is garbage!!!
I got 3 force closes within the first 30 mins after the update.  Please fix this.
This new update sucks man
Immediately following an update for Facebook at ~1800 PDT 8/23/2012, Facebook will load and then gets an error that it is failing to respond. Powering the phone off and back on did not resolve the issue.
Is it just me or everybody experienced this. Its freezing up my phone since the last update.
Updated and doesn't work
it keeps on force closing since the recent update, fix it!?
it keeps on force closing since the recent update, fix it!?
I hate the u latest update!!!! Always force clossing and wont download my pictures! Please fix!
Newest update is crap on my HTC oneX, keeps crashing/freezing and I have to force close it. Why change it up if you cant get it right?? Was working fine before I updated.
Painfully slow even when I have excellent connection, almost not worth using!
Fix
Takes forever to load, says no connection in full service, & won't post half of my status updates/comments... Really disappointed :(
not liking at all it freezes up and has force close all the time! PLEASE FIX THESE NOW!!
It doesn't let me post on friend's wall
Wish I wouldnt have updated.  App. doesn't work now, freezes up. Please fix it....
I cannot share anything my friends have posted on Facebook. The option is no longer available to me. I can do it on my Kindle if I use the browser, but not if I use the software. I had hoped that this would be fixed on the next update but it wasn't. It is a pain to have to remember what I wanted to share and wait until I can get to my computer.
So slow! It's terrible.
WHAT THE F*** MABN IT KEEPS SHUTTING DOWN ON ME!!!!
Sucks.
The update was supposed to make photo uploads better, it broke mine completely.  Galaxy note running 4.0.4 worked perfectly until now. Please fix quickly
I can't upload pictures or statuses. Wish I hadn't updated.
App freezes my phone constant crashing!
App CONTINUES to grow even worse!
When you upload pictures, you can no longer chose which album they go into. Instead now every picture is posted to your wall. It was A LOT better the old way. It was better as far as privacy. Sometimes you don't want certain people to see all of your photos. Please fix this problem. Thank You.
Freezes often. Does not show when people are on anymore.
I cannot upload any pictures since the new update!!
Freezes everytime i try to open it since the last update.
Won't start up on my HTC sensation xo since up grade
I like to know why I can't share anything like you can on the desktop version ...with all these updates and bug fixes I am shocked that you can't even put that option on this app or even the mobile site. Also this app with all the updates takes too much space on my phone, would be nice to be able to store it on my SD CARD!
Recent updates have destroyed what was a good app. Bloated. Slow to load and refresh. Keeps losing status updates and comments. Typical FB. Take what was great and make it crappy. Can't give 0 stars, so you get 1 for a nice icon. That's where the pleasant experience stops.
Keeps freezing since update.
I only did the update because I am unable to remove this app from my phone.  There is no way to remove it!!  I like to have all my applications on my phone updated.  What more 11 mb is a huge update and I dont always have my phone on wifi and performing the download of this update clobbers what little bandwidth I have on my phone. :-(
It has been running horribly slow for past month.  Notifications come in way before actual comments are seen.  Sometimes as much as ten minutes.  Pics are quick loaded from phone, but have to wait another five minutes to edit or tag them.  Now I have new update today and can't even edit pics at all???  WTH?  Tried updating status on friends wall and it says "unavailable at this time".  Huh?  Pretty frustrating.  Don't waste your time on this download cause it doesn't help!!!
Another update... And lots of force close....
Use to work. Now refused to update so uninstalled it now wont install. FIX THIS OR GET PEOPLE WHO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING. And quit making app bigger if its not going to work.
Can't share pics nothing working right since I updated this sux. Please fix can't uninstall w/o losing my whole face book. Ridiculous terrible update don't do it people
Crashes to frequently.  Locks Opera Browser.
It force closes and I can't even open it so I can't even get on Facebook it sucks
Keeps Freezing!
Keeps Freezing!
Crappy app
Ok. I gave one star because it locks up and force closes everytime I try to open any notification. Fix it and my score will  change. I mean come on, that is a pretty big mistake.
Force closing all the time now. Please fix! Maxx
Keeps crashing since last update.
Full of f ucking bugs. Great job on this app upgrade thanks... fix this s hit or I'm deleting the app... you suck
Keeps crashing on my 7 & where is the upload to any album feature!!!!!! Need a tablet version!!!
Terribly slow.
Used to work great and super fast until the latest update now it freezes and forces me to close the app a lot on my DROID RAZR fix please dolphin browser HD works better than the app now =\
I really wish you would fix the crashes. My facebook closes ever three minutes on my phone legit.
Hands down worst app that I use everyday. SLOW, freezes, and now with last update I'm getting "Facebook Not Responding" notifications every time it opens itself in the background (when I'm not even using the app). Also pleeease change news feed to open showing Most Recent. Who wants to look at status updates that are not in order and mixed up between today & yesterday?
Crashes my phone every other time opening, Facebook sucks, billions of dollars and they can't even get a little app correct.
Latest update is horrible. Go figure.   Why am I surprised.
It wont let me post on anyone's wall, update my status or upload pictures
I'd rather log on with Google thru my phone you can't change your profile or cover pic it's laggy will not update my status & doesn't refresh I can go on forever &  can we please get an update that's worth getting
Since the update its been really slow and has a force close after i open it.
It sucks!! Has a lot of bugs. Photos won't upload..it closes by itself. Chat wont open...really really bad app
Won't even open.
This app sucks
This facebook update is crap can't get on facebook keeps freezing and forces close everytime. Fix It
Another update, and yet another failed attempt! Way to go Facebook mobile!
Took me 6 times to upload a pic and change my profile pic. Keep getting error messages when I try to do anything. Sucks up tons of memory on my phone. Might just uninstall and go to the Facebook mobile site if it's not fixed!
Since this new update,  I can't share or post pics :( I can't even write a status......this is an awful update .....i think you could do MUCH better...before people choose to get rid of this all together!
Force closing all day long after update.
Just updated it and it keeps freezing and saying "Facebook is not responding"  Lame, can't do anything
Last update was better. No connection again, this update SUCKS!!!
Was 4 star but I get to open the app for 30 seconds before force close!
Search hasn't worked in months and u don't show notifications on the shortcut as on the iPhone what's the deal
the new update is the same thing as you looking at it on the web it sucks jus like the ipod/iphone version
Im Goin To Uninstall.. Dis Crap Cant Even Update My Status Smh Good Job On Messin A Good App Up Im Givin It Zero Stars Even Tho Im Force To Give It A One Star
Slow as f. Knocks out my 4g. Doesn't load photos. Sucks a giant douche nozzle.
Slow as f. Knocks out my 4g. Doesn't load photos. Sucks a giant douche nozzle.
So freaking slow to load friends and pics! Unacceptable from the "best social network site" horrible
I hate the new facebook it has so many problems
It wants more work in option like share and make it like the computer pleasr.
could be better
Requires force close so often. Uninstalled.
I'm having many problems with this app .. won't update the notifications .. had problems with photos .. others
Suck
Update sucks.  Can't use it.  Won't load, won't authenticate, basically useless.
If it wasn't because I really use FB to keep up with friends and family, would erase this app from my phone. Terrible!
The size very large, worst!!! Uninstall!!! Switch to Friendcaster for Facebook!!!
This app used to be good now it's terrible and I hate it. Everything takes forever to load can't see pictures. 90% of the time the app can't even open. Really inconvenient. Will be uninstalling
Used to work perfectly. Now I can't share or upload photos even after reinstall.
Since the last update I can't upload a picture or view any comments on my pictures... sucks!  Droid Razr here...
I could do without the force closes and not being able to upload photos!
Always force closes! Fix it now please!!!?
can't run at all after update
Bhai ye app bohut slow hai  ladu ne loro.
Where do I begin? Since your most recent update, Statuses will not post. Saying the application cannot connect to the server even when my wifi is connected with an excellent connection. Pictures don't load, there are problems with new feeds and time lines loading. Seriously, for being the biggest social networking site, you would think you could atleast make a half decent app. One star until you figure out what your doing wrong and it gets fixed
Just give up.
No thanks.
Not working ...after the last update
The day after I updated the app it froze up.
You need to add the Option (Edith Profile) in the Application.
It always crashes :(
Dislike
Slow... loading forever.
Ever since I did the last update it won't let me update my status this really stinks....please fix it asap
Update doesn't let me open app Crashes
So slow that it isn't even worth having anymore, it always freezes and anything with pictures is just a joke, it will just sit there and not load anything.
Who ever wrote this update should be kicked in the nuts!!! Force close every time on my galaxy s1. Complete Crap
Frequently force closes. Maybe this app will improve now that Zuckerberg is forcing the devs to use android devices.
It sucks. Completely freezes anytime I "try" use it. Disappointed.
Suckk
Why does the iphone get a new better update and we don't? That's some bullshit we need it more than them. You made the Android app garbage so fix it!... Please :)  lol
ok
I'm so glad I upgraded from crashing sometimes to crashing always.
Is going downhill almost as fast as facebook itself is. I'm sick of it freezing every other time I try to refresh it. Statuses dissapear, peoples pictures wont load, notifications don't show half the time. Its getting old. You cant save pics from the app or effectively change your profile picture. You cant tag people from mobile. This app used to be ok. Now not so sure. Just updated and your stupid Fuxking app got even shittier. Thanks a lot. apples got loads better while ours got_ worse
New update made it worse.   Good job fb.  Epic fail
This update keeps forcing close, update is not good!!
Was running fine on my 1st gen droid. Just updated and now it won't even open. Just black screen followed by forced closes. I thought updates were supposed to be better, not worse.
The update sucks and i have to post my status twice its a lil irritating....
Put it back the way it used to be when it worked
Title says it all. Come on guys... Fix it please....
It Won't Let Me Upload Pictures!!!
Now that I uninstalled v1.9.8 and rolled it back to v1.8.2 it works normally on my HTC Sensation 4g.
Mark Zuckerberg has billions of dollars and he cant even put out an amazing android app for his own business.  Ridiculous
It doesn't load after the new update please fix!
Update.... go figure, switch to wifi, lose connection. Facebook app sucks. Might as well just use my browser. SUCKS!
Ever since the update(today) it has force close and freezed 5 times! But I do like the changes, just wish it didnt force close so often!
Crap on this tablet
It takes for ever to load up!! Ughh >__<
Crashes constantly with the newest update
Slooo
Force closes all the time. Last update has been the worst. Garbage garbage garbage.
Ever since update I can't pull up my notifications
Once in a while goes back to early version of Facebook app. This app really needs to have SD capability because taking up too much on my phone.
Constantly freezes my phone then I have to restart my EVO3D crap update
Don't they qa these apps before they release then???  I even uninstalled and reinstalled won't upload photos. Sprint epic 4g touch (Samsung galaxy s2 ICS)
New update blows
I will rate it as zero star if there's the option... Keep restarting after the latest update and Its still as slow
Cannot upload or share any photos G2
Sucks
Cant post without getting a "facebook is not responding ans had to close " error!!! Having to use another ap just to post on my wall..ive reported to fb and android..no response!!!!! Using a Droid Razr!
Takes too long and pics don't load quick enough, never really see the news feed in full and pics flash! please fix!  ;-)
Glitchy slow piece of crap never updates tanks my battery. But you get what you pay for. (yeah the app is free that's the joke)
since update... was working before
It was an "ok" app before the update, now it just sucks. Freezes every time I open it.
Since it updated today 8/23/12 it sucks! Doesnt connect despite how many times i refreshed it.
Please let me uninstall this bullshit app for crying out loud..Facebook is stupid
Can't find a secure connection after update
I've now completely lost faith in you Facebook! Going to buy FriendCaster Pro now!
Every 5 minutes it stalls out in the background and has to be forced closed
This latest "update" has made facebook unusable for me. Every time I open it I get a black screen. Then maybe 10 seconds later a necessary force close. It never opens, this is crap.
The update is garbage.. Constantly force closes, can never keep a connection and says I have notifications I can't ever view, says it can't post a status and says I have messages even when I've read them all.   Not happy.
After this latest update, the app has crashed every time its been opened. Prior to new update app was functioning properly. Hence the 1 star review
After this latest update, the app has crashed every time its been opened. Prior to new update app was functioning properly. Hence the 1 star review
There is no share
Can't open messages! The newest update doesn't allow me to view messages...irritating!
stupid
Force closes and freezes.....
Constantly crashes on my s3
My phone keeps crashing and saying Facebook can't open and needs to be forced to stop.  I'm using Samsung Infuse 4G
Is vary slow and will keep telling me that app has timed out when not in the app.. Tried to uninstall problem continues..
Closes all the time I open the app.
Ok sumtimes force close too much
the new update will not let me upload pictures! and that's a big bummer!
Facebook. Ugh.   .
It crashes everytime i open it in sgs3
Could not upload a photo after this new update!  very dissappointing.  had 2 go through phone browser inorder 2 upload.
Y I cant upload my pics to my albums I try and appears on mobile upload wich I dnt have :/ put the old fb backkkkk :(
Using the Galaxy S3 and it still takes forever to load pictures with 4G LTE... WTF???
Sometimes I wonder if the employees who are designing the Facebook app work for the government. Repeatedly sub par app development is persistently annoying. When will they get their act together and correct these many issues that continue to plague this app.  //Galaxy Nexus
Wow latest update freezes and fc all the time
I can see why zuckerburg is jumping ship. Failbook.
Since newest update the app is slow, it force closes, and it is just overall crap.  This app may push me away from Facebook, so fix please.
Crashes several times a day after latest update. Please fix asap. Or offer the option to go back to previous version.
Will not display photos when I click them since today's update.
Again with another update this app force closes more often than it works. Fix!
I honestly love facebook, but it runs too slow, takes up all of my memory, I can't move to my sd card, some notifications don't go to my phone like they should, it takes forever to load pages, it won't load my notifications/messages, and it always says error connecting to facebook when I have wifi uninstalled until fixed
Since I updated can't open application!!!!
Since the update it freezes every time on my HTC One
People are saying there having problems using facebook, it has to be the phone they have because I have a LG Viper with exactly no problems, no freezes or force closes.
Suckit Facebook.
I just downloaded the update and I'm about to delete the app. I STILL can not post statuses without texting them in, write comments, post on walls, or anything without it forcing close. It also takes forever to load the news feed. In order to make it run i have to kill all my apps and clear my RAM. I have the galaxy 3 and this shouldn't be happening. I'm very dissatisfied.
It's effective and easy to use, but no matter how many applications I turn off, even when using wifi, this application is pitifully slow. Please try the google model: anything that takes more than one second is too slow.
Latest update constantly requires a force close. Completely useless now.
Can't even open it. Force Closes EVERY time.
After the recent update for Galaxy s3 it forecloses. Unresponsive. Shows Blank black page. Huhu
There is no edit option for comments, n also there is no option of share anyone's picture or status update...
Very slow and crashes each 5 clicks. Impossible to use. Galaxy Nexus JB
Freeze a lot. Force close anytime.. mine is one x with jelly bean
Its really too slow 4 my sony xperia ray 2 actually have a conversation with my frns on FB. Fix it.
Freezing Problem.... Hangs up every minute n ask to force close it. .. Even Emojis does't work.. Please fix it soon. ... :(
This update is a major step backwards. Crashes slow as hell. Everything so fn small now text,pictures. This update is trash.....
This app crashes often, and is slow to load when it does work. It is missing functionality the website has, such as hiding items from the news feed.
The new update sucks!  Takes forever to load and pics are so small you can't see them!  Uninstalling!
Very disappointing! Keeps 'losing signal' no matter where I am and runs very slow. Fix this!!!
Why does this app seem to get worse with each update? Also I'm confused on why the Apple version seems to always work perfectly but there are way more Android users.
Very slow and never posts first ..wish I didn't update,
Not compatible!!!!! Using galaxy gio WTF!!!!
Ever since the update today it's freezing crashing and not displaying my posts, it's such an issue I may uninstall it
Facebook for Android is not responding after the latest update from Android Google play for my HTC Sensation XE. This is so disappointed. Please fix it as soon as possible.
not even possible to load anything....loading and app closed by itself
with chat only see ppl i recently talked to and r online not the rest that are online plz fix and also ill be on one page and will go back to last page while scrollin down plz fix
cant upload picture to my album of choice.
Won't load so I can't update.....
This update sucks. Now I see that people have made comments based on the notifications burning can't see what the comments are. Really what's the point?
That everytime i want to see my comments in my folder i cant still saw them .. aMfppp   always force close cant upload to another album always in a mobile album. It said via mobile thouh it is via android omg... New update but still it works too sloooooowwwwwwwwwwww
This app is no good for Galaxy tab 10.1 Needs much improvement!
I hate that i cant save to SD takes up so much room on my phone. Please i hate having to use the internet just for fb . Make the option to sqve on SD or give a valid reason why we cant save it to SD
Facebook blows and Verizon sucks for integrating this bloatware on my phone.
This is by far the worst "update" ever!! It force closed EVERY SINGLE TIME I attempt to use FB!!! Please fix!!!!!!
I would much rather use the browser to go to facebook, only use the app to upload pics.
Terrible. Slow. I wish I didn't update it.  Try again, fb.
I'm not the kind of guy who usually complains, but this app is growing heavier with every update on my phone and it can't be moved to SD card. Sorry but my phone has limited storage memory and I can't waste 25mb for this crappy app. Please work on a new decent app 'cause you are not a bunch of teenagers without money, Fb makes billions so you can afford to hire a team in order to create a lighter and faster app.
I do not have a Facebook. I have no desire to create a Facebook, and forcing me to have an app I do not want and would not willingly install makes me angry. Would consider switching to a new provider if everyone didn't do the same crap. Have considered rooting my phone to get rid of this stuff.
Slow Slow slow and pics are way to small....It sucks!!!!
Instagram > facebook
The overall look of the android Facebook app is still good, that's gotten better, but as to how well it it works, it couldn't have gone more downhill. It forces closes as soon as I log in, the notifications (you're lucky of you see the right ones), and it takes up way too much memory/RAM to be of any good, if anything, now its just something that continuously runs in the background to kill your battery. What was once a good app has officially become garbage. Uninstalled. Hopefully those issues are resolved.
Works good.
I am entirely frustrated with this app! I can't post links to anyone. It won't update my home feed as it should. I've been trying to post a status, and its not allowing me to do so. I'm getting notification sometimes and I can't see my comments all the time.
The update on 8/23 still sucks. Although the app doesn't hang as bad and refreshes data, when you try to upload a photo the app hangs and crashes or gives you an option for force close. Also, my location STILL does not attach when I do a status update, if I chose to include it. Please fix these bugs.
I can't upload pictures from my cell...i can only do it with a previous version!!
Force close all the time since last update
And here's yet another app that wants new permissions without telling you why. I refuse to upgrade apps request new permissions without justification. On a separate note, with all the updates FB push out, this is still one of the slowest apps (together with GetGlue) on my phone and one that fails to connect frequently even with full internet access.
Just updated it and now it wont work haha oh well,I still have twitter...
Awful update!!! Regret updating can't even use it. Updated last night already forced closed over 20 times. Not good enough!
Worked fine until last update. Plus u cant copy and paste and its a hastle
Seriously??! U make updates and it comes out worst !!!! I thought u guys are geniuses
Cant post a comment  Posting a comment  may take a year
So let me get this straight — you allow multiple photo uploads, and yet you STILL don’t allow uploads to different albums, and when you perform multiple uploads you cannot move the photos you have to different albums, they remain in mobile uploads forever?  Stop messing about, Facebook devs. The upload-to-different functionality is available on Facebook for the Blackberry, and it is GALLING to actually realize that a a FB client on a DYING PLATFORM has more functionality than the LATEST FB UPDATE on THE WORLD’S MOST POPULAR MOBILE OPERATING SYSTEM.  Get your acts together. Geez, what an embarrassment.
This App Is Bullshit , It Doesnt Work Its Always Saying Connection Failed Its Veryyyyyyy Slow & It Barely Tags People I Hate This App , But The internet Is Even Slower so i just Bare With It !
Buggy and slow
Fail update fb. It's force closed at least 8 times today so far.
Very hate this new update. Always ask for force closed. The old features also disappeared that i always use such as share article and edit comment. Hope fix this force closed problem and bring back old features. TQ
wont even let me get on it keeps forcing close
Just want this app completely off my phone but cannot remove
Awful since update.
What hell happened?! This was at least a little better but now it keeps force closing!! Fix plz for a better rating!! Now!!
Super super super slow and sync doesn't work well
The newest update completely ruined it. It was fine the way it was and now all it does is crash everything. I had to go back to the stock version!
Crap
Crap
I uninstalled due to force close & freezes even with the most recent update.  This app is awful. If I could I would give it no stars.
Unfortunately it is not possible to give zero stars
freezing and requiring force close since last update
Keeps freezing and force close a lot
Thanks for the update. Now your app crashes everytime.
u guys really suck i cant even see my status or comments wdf
SHOULD BE NO STARS!!! What the hell, since the update just flat out doesn't work, period
Facebook for android is so slow, I only keep it to creep on my ex's but it needs to speed up!!!! 1star
I'm using a dual core phone running ics, and this last update is horrible! Doesn't matter if I'm on 4G or wifi! Stop trying to cram all your fb crap on my phone! And give me the option to either have top stories or most recent without having to select it every time I open the app!
Add app to SD support and  why dose it need so much data and memory it stupid fix that. Also this is starting to become the worst app ever
Works for a few Min then force closes, every time even with a clean install.
Every time an "update" is done, something goes wrong with the app. I can't post updates, I can't upload photos or videos, I can't comment on or view friend's photos. Lousy app. You'd think by now they'd have figured it out.
The new update kept freezing and force close wouldn't even work. I have uninstalled it
I would give it no stars if possible now...can't post my status updates without having to retype a second time!! Last update screwed it up ROYALLY!! Fix it NOW!!
Congratulations you broke what didn't need to be fixed. Won't let pics upload. Metro Esteem. Really crapped this one up.
Update sucks! Keeps freezing. Don't download the update!
I hate this new version,it always force to stop.GIVE US OUR PREVIOUS ANR BETTER VERSION BIATCH!!!!F!
i cant share my photos so frns! go vth d older version
Terrible, last 3 updates have done nothing but render this app usless on my galaxy s 2. If i could give negative stars i would!
What a load of Tosh. Constantly crashes and freezes my phone. If I could give zero stars I would......
What a load of Tosh. Constantly crashes and freezes my phone. If I could give zero stars I would......
It is updated, still I CAN'T UPLOAD ANY PHOTO WHEN I BLOCKED SOMEONE FROM THE PHOTO!
Plz try to resolve d issue of d data that is downloaded.the data that is downloaded is directly stored in my phone memory Whc makes my phn slow instead try to install the app in the sd card so that it's performance is improved.
This update freezes my phone and every time i try to go to Facebook it tells me force to close.
Need to get this fixed. Will not even load. On Asus Transformer.
For long time i upgrade this facebook for tabs galaxy seven pkus, but why i can't see my foto album? Or my friend foto album? I find in setting or anything but i can't find to see the folder picture.. Now i just can see from my browser, if i have application facebook but i cant to use for what i download that application, please fix it, i dont need upgrade (fast upload, can share msg, etc) its not help my work... Thanks :-)
UPGRADE IT NOW!!!!
I am pretty these idiots  app designers go out of their way to f#ck this app up. They routinely ignore the pleas from the users for a functional user friendly app. They have totally failed at life and really need a career change because this app is awful!
So far it wont even open
Crash all the time and when I post on someone's wall...just stop working! I send like 5 and more reports and no body is doing anything about the problems! Such a bad app!
Update made no difference ..slow to open, slow to open pics, slow to navigate entire FB site. Irritating!
A new update & it still doesn't work???!!?!?!???! Why is the most popular app crap??
Very Slow Zzz... Not recommended
Facebook app keeps force closing!!!
It's all better now, how about add function to move the data to sd card?
Fix the bugs!! All is does is freeze....never opens and when it does, it freezers! Cant uninstall updates, when thats the issue!!
Since yesterday's latest update I get constant force close. Application not responding caused by ANR Executing service com.facebook.katana/.service.vault.VaultSyncService
The system updates have caused it to crash constantly. Reinstalling it didn't do a thing except make other programs crash too. Need to fix this. Crappy for the Samsung Prevail.
Won't even open. No wonder your stocks dropped like rocks... Your product is horrible! Uninstalled! Wish there was an option for zero stars, because this app doesn't deserve any.
This app is f horrible fix it
This is horrible update can't post status updates. Kicks me out and everything just kicks me out.terrible
White screens on open and force closes nexus galaxy
Too slow...nt satisfied,take tym to load..
Loads slowly, opening posts take a long time even on a high speed connection. Can't browse photo albums.
Yet again you guys can't do anything right, this is the worst app i have ever installed on my phone.
Very slow to load.
Takes forever to load, if at all. Stop updating already, you can't polish a turd.
Broke my fascinate. From kept freezing and asking for updstes even after the uninstall.
The app crashes frequently since the update and there is now a ridiculous loading time when trying to read comments. Amateur app from Facebook. HTC One XL.
Not sure what's up but this app does not perform well at all.  It's going bye bye very soon.
The app has gotten better, but it won't load my notifications now. Lame.
Had to uninstall latest update.  Kept crashing my Motorola Triumph.
It Is Not Working Can't See, My Comments , Sad Yall Can't Do Nothing Right
There's no way to add a place that isn't there when you check in.
I can't see my messages!!
Force closing all the time. Fix!
Since the update, the app force close a lot and it is.really annoying.. Please fix.it fast... Its a bloatware in my phone so I cant delete it... Please fix it
08.22.12  I updated my FB and it doesn't even allow me to view my feeds. It gets stuck in the Facebook logo and crashes. Each update gets worst.  As you scroll down, there are no images. Seems like each update gets worst. What's up with that?????  -_-'
This latest update has made this fb app useless...
the new update makes app force close it do not even starts
This is bad.  I can't even get it to open. Just freezes and dumps.  Don't down load update!!!
Cool when it decides to load. Hardly ever loads though. So basically worthless.
There needs to be an option to move it to SD card.. it takes about a quarter of my phones space.
Still useless
It keeps force closing with this new update its so annoying
A lot of force closes with latest update
Can't do anything since update yesterday. Force closes everytime. Plz fix!
After the lastest update u can't like or comment a status
This app is running ridiculously slow. I'm obviously not the only one with this problem so plz fix it. it's not even useable at this point. I have to use social network on my Droid bionic. I would rather use Facebook but i'm seriously considering just uninstalling it.
Force closing way too often
Its so frustrating it keep crashing my phone even when not using Facebook had to restart my phone a bunch of times . And when I am using Facebook it doesn't load and fore closes all the time wtf ... ! 0 stars
Since the update, force closes often, please fix.
Need to be saved to SD, and camera shortcut keeps running on background, fix that and I do not want you to see all my pictures, that my camera makes, as you suggested in your New permission, I do not like that idea, those pictures can see ONLY ME!
Runs in the background even when you've set options for it not to, hence drains battery. Slow, slow, slow even on my QUAD CORE phone! Constantly reloads my news feed taking a long time and taking me back to the top of the feed! Or doesn't load content at all! Get some real programmers Facebook!!!!
Horrible after update uninstall after comment... gggrrrrrr
Whatever ya'll did to the UI is has screwed up accessing notifications posts.  Everytime you guys fix one thing you're breaking two other functions...  Pathetic from this level of a company...
Photos since latest upgrade
Forced closed every time
The news feed loads so slooow.. and im on a 5mbps wifi speed. :(
Why update when it just makes this ish worse!! Can't uplaod pictures can't load notifications! Who ever runs this app is ridiculous
Can't see comments at all! The ones I make or anyone else's. Also need a "share" button.
The update is horrible... Force closes and can't upload pictures
Was working fine until this update. Can't do anything on Facebook for more than a couple minutes before it closes on me. Seriously crap.
It's not a direct app, but a parser for the mobile website. Just Plain sucks.
Less speed
Less speed
Won't load or freezes since update.
Can you please send me an email on how to transfer the app from phone to sdcard?  Thank you.  carlo23@ovi.com
Ever since the last update my facebook app doesn't work! I can't make posts or comment or 'like' anything! Get it together people, stop breaking things that aren't broken
Can't open photos...just fix it... This has existed for last two updates.
Its been posting a status foreverrrr n at the same time I'm receiving updates.
Facebook doesn't respond over half the time. Awful update to an already buggy app.
Home page not work ok by with jeallybean
Constantly updating notifications but never works. Now it isn't even uploading photos.  Not happy!!
Now app just force closes or completely freezes. Will only reopen properly after doing a force stop. After that only works for a short time before the force close or freeze issue reappears.
Not working. App never respond since last update.
-5 stars... Forecloses constantly and takes way to long to open. Not happy with update!! Fix it!!!!
This is the WORSE app ever. Nothing loads
Crashes and force closes..Well done Facebook  why don't u use some of share option cash to develop an app that works
There are time randomly hung, and I had to testart the whole application.  Pictures are being shown blurry many time without apprent reasons, and again had to retry to open pictures. Very annoying
Freezes a lot. Too much force close. A as reliable as previous version.
Oh FB once again you've managed to screw it up...can't tell you how happy this makes me AGAIN!!! Even after clearing out the cache,  uninstalling, and then reinstalling it's STILL not working correctly on my Droid X2. Can't post pics, takes FOREVER to refresh, and took multiple tries before posting a status. Doesn't make a difference whether on Wifi or network either. Please ....please get this fixed as its terribly frustrating!!!
Latest update totally broke it again. Constantly force closes now.
Privacy issues regarding gps,Mic,cam,contexts
Great app. Move through things faster...
I installed the update and my pictures are still big and on the profile page only half of the pictures show.  I am really disapointed in the android app.  I guess I will have to keep using my iphone to access facebook because y'all can't get it figured out.
Once it is started it is always going in the back ground using up battery life, & I always get dumb notifications. Have uninstalled it and just use the internet straight from my phone for Facebook.
New release sucks. Keeps locking up.
Cannot upload photos!
No way in hell my employer would allow me to release an application with this many bugs. Scrap this and start over or hire me. Can't click on notifications...wth...work around is to click on the line under under the notification you want to click. There are better FB apps on the market and that's a shame.
The latest update, can't upload photo from my device.
I uploaded to the new version because Lifehacker said the new photo uploader is an improvement. It is an improvement selecting pix, but they won't upload on my Droid X. I get the dreaded red x notification stating "Upload failed" everytime I use this new version. Sucks!
Now (since last update) I can't upload pics or videos! And I can't look at friends pics or videos! And I can't update my status. Needs to be fixed! (Galaxy S)
Facebook keeps on frezzing an foreclosing on my EVO 4g LTE.
Really, GPS data now come on, why don't you just has a loser from your team follow me around, UNINSTALLING goodbye facebook moving to google +
After this update it force closes and freezes! Fix this now! I'm livid!
Makin lama Makin membesar ni facebook.!! UpdateNy makin membuat memory internal tinggal sedikit. (⌣́_⌣̀)ʃ
Do not like this app on my phone....whatever happened to PRIVACY!   Would like to eliminate it all together, but have to keep up with my Church communications!
Widget does not load now on my Android, Galaxy. Shesh, um, thks for the update?
Nohing loads! Nothing works! Its so slow and picures dont even load, nor do messages, notifications, or friend requests. Its also a pain to use, i liked the old version better, the one that actually worked! Did i mention you cant search for anything other than your friends list? Fix it. Please.
Won't load - repeated force close. STINKS!
Slow.
Since update, doesn't work! Freezes and force closes! Please fix!
Keeps locking up
Since yesterday's update, this app now crashes on my SGS3.
Motorola DROID x 3g. Super common phone. No matter how many bars or full 3 G coverage still never loads. Then crashes later when doing something else entirely.
This app is still very much broken. Still can't move photos where you want them or even put them in a designated folder prior to uploading. Can someone who is actually paying attention fix this? I wish i never updated this app if i could roll back to January i would
Come on team.  Did no one test this before it went out.  Such wide scale blackout reports show this isnt stable... Keep freezing galaxy s3. Dont update. Wait for the jump to this fixed version.
Have to force shut fb whenever fb freezes itself up!
I don't like newest update at all. I have a Droid x and the new version is just awful!! Go back to the previous version
This update has now caused the app to constantly force close, fix
Needs save to SD option Bull crap
Just as I was opening up this comment to say how slow fb is, fb app stops responding. POS. I'm glad the execs are making you devs switch from your iPhone to android to fix the problem! Do the job right the first time or leave 3rd party apps on the market that actually work instead of shoving this in our faces.  BTW, timeline is horrible, looks like MySpace now. Isn't that why everyone switched to Facebook because they didn't like how MySpace looked!?
The addition of messenger and the cam app are two things I would not like to be forced into having. Please remove them.
Slow.  Fire whoever is making this app. Force closes. Comments take a long time to post. They can't get this right .
There needs to be an option to choose which Facebook album you want to upload your photos to. Photo statuses crash the app when you move out of the app or black your screen and don't upload.
Doesnt work at all after the update on galaxy s2. Its all fucked up mess!!
When I first updated it timeline worked, I could see freinds post, it didn't lag, I always had connection, etc. Now nothing works!!! After so many bad comments you would think Facebook would fix it!! I'm ready to delete it! If things don't get better I will!! Just got the newest update its horrible and it didn't do anything different!!
Youtube videos automatically open in browser- used to give the choice of launching with browser or app.. facebook messenger asks if u want to use the app or the browser, why doesn't facebook??!
With this new update half the posts i go to put on facebook wont post at all. Did i say half the time, cause what i meant was almost everytime.
Will not work since up date, freezes then needs to be force closed.....Please fix asap....
Use to be good app before the update but now the notification are screwed up. Please fix it.
Very slow notification and when u update pics not showing early in ur wall. Bad effect. Need to modified early...
Can't remove to SD card & this version can't upload photo from my device.
Can't post status updates now. Does anyone actually read these things???
Why mess up a good thing. There u go over thinking it!!!  To many craps and not enough toilets......
I updated to this new version of facebook and its worse than what it was before. It keeps freezing up and force closing. Please fix!!! :(
Constantly freezing. This update did nothing... Super slow and always loading when I have full 3g and WiFi.
Very slow after update....
Tablet view is broken. Only shows it in a narrow strip down the middle. Keep trying Mark.
Latest version kept crashing
I did not think this app could get worse but it has.
Horrible...the app doesn't even open now. It just force closes everytime. You should also bring back the option to upload a photo to any folder you choose. There hasn't been a good update for this app in months	Newest update no good. Need to be able to delete things. Also notifications don't always show up
Crashes all the time, and is extremely slow. Uninstalled.
Freezing and having to force close
It's always something! Now when I post a new status using this app it wont show up until hours later. If I use the browser it works fine!
NOW IT FORCE CLOSES...
The update keeps crashing dont download it.
Still not worth the time. It's better to just stick it out with the mobile version.
Keeps force closing since new update. Galaxy
consent "NOT RESPONDING" & it freezes! GET THE APP WORKING FOR ONCE OR TAKE THE APP OFF THE MARKET
I installed the update and can't upload any photos at all. I don't care about the speed if the app cannot do what it is supposed to do. Using a Samsung galaxy III
Keep freezing after new update!!!!! Running ics on s3
after the last update the sound for the notifications not working at all no matter how many times I changed it please fix it.
This update is junk. I thought it was going to fix the problems but just made them worse. Can't see photos albums, and now there's ads everywhere. What kind of junk is this.
Everytime I go on Facebook, there is ANOTHER ISSUE. First, it would not update my news feed notifications and NOW, it will not allow me to post a status or a comment on a friends wall. Wtf is going on?!  Phone is: SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE ♥♡
After the last update the app file size is over 17MB! My poor phone doesn't have much memory so this may be the puch I needed to just use Google+ unstead of both.  :-(   FB you will be missed on my phone!
This app isn't a surprise.
kEEPS CLOSING ON ME FML
It may take less click, but every click takes forever!! Back to old version, where clicking is like a breeze....
The new update is sweet. The load times take soooo much longer. Just what I want in an app
The update sucks. It launches to a black screen. Please fix.
This app is awful it gives errors constantly.
It takes up way too much space on the internal memory! Also there is no option to move to sd card. This is the WORST update ever!!!!
23 August 2012 Update: Ultimate FAIL: As BusinessInsider reports, Facebook creates this app, but never uses it at all! No wonder it sucks so bad! FAIL No. 1: New Notifications screen is redundant, as I still need to launch the main app to mark them as read. FAIL No. 2: Everything (News Feed, Messages, Photos, etc) still take forever to load. FAIL No. 3: Still no Holo interface standard & functions. Still no update to widget, which has been the same look since the app launched, and the "Share" button is redundant too. And still no support for tablet layout!
Your latest "update" sucks, my notification sound no longer works
..
So slow and laggy
CONTINUALLY!!
For God's sake the new update is horrible it doesn't let me upload photos it just says : " cannot upload!!   Hate the update fix itttt!!!
This app is horrid. Every update makes it worse.
This sucks can't share pics...EVO4g
Force closes all the time and freezes the phone! Please fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
App doesn't work at all since the new update. Freezes and forces closed. How is it that a number 1 app doesn't work?
New update! Now we are unable to view ANY posts or comment on anything outside of our newsfeed.  I'm suddenly "Connection Lost"  or the new "trouble loading",  that's funny,  im browsing the web and doing everything else just fine!
Its been acting up all day. It's been freezing and locking up my HTC vivid FIX IT!
Iphone users are raving about their update, why do you even bother with droid updates?? Stop wasting our time with useless updates! Stickz on a black screen, then force closes.
Niçe...
No longer works on nexus 7
always hang on my phone..tq
That this feature is not available is unthinkable
After the update my notification sound don't work. Please fix it. Other then that it work fine.
This updated version of the facebook app is not running properly on my phone!!!!! It wont post my statuses to facebook, nor will it show my location
It's sad that second and third and fourth party apps work better than your own..
You guys officially fucken suck at making this app better! Oh but you guys manage to give iOS a better update! Wow Facebook! I'm very upset! I do like the update, but guess what it sucks! It tells me that I don't  have a secure connection >:( Fix everything A.S.A.P or else you won't get 5 stars!
Keeps freezing on my Samsung galaxy
I know that this app hasn't been the best so far. But I javent been complaining about it's slowness or buggy run. Until this last update, I've had it. For the first time in 4 months since I had this phone, the app just froze and I can't even launch it back after I close the app. WTF@%&@&!%!$$@ Smart update facebook. Just smart. If you guys can't make an app for cross platform, don't do it please. You guys just piss off more people.
Needs to come out w/ the option to move the app to the SD card cause the app is so big takes all internal MB.
I dont know whats going on with your update but my wife's I-Phone is going crazy it says that its updated but it keeps on trying to update its been like three hours.
I wish I didn't have to have this app. Don't like FB.
Please try and fix this its too  slow.still slow hope this update works better.
If your gonna make it a memory hog at least let it be moved to SD card.
Doesn't flag up my notifications properly and I have to find the post to see what the other person has said Samsung s3 totally useless in my opinion sort it out seriously. Wrote from the ground up to make it faster apparently.. More like a beta mode for Facebook just what I always wanted..
Newest version crashes more than the last
It keeps closing for no reason, PLEASE FIX THIS NOW
Updated : much better now  Update made app awful. Super slow. I use the website now because of the issues with this app. Uninstalled till fixed.
Pictures dont load and the app keeps on crashing! !! What thehell update was this! !!!!!!_
Do not do the update the photo gallery is lumped in to one giant album. Why do you developer's do this!
Complete GARBAGE!!!
Constantly force closes, takes forever to load pictures, when I scroll half way down my news feed it starts to automatically refresh and take me back to the top my news feed. This app SUCKS!!!!!!!
Seriously Facebook, stop with the html5 apps. They are pathetically slow, have major flaws and glitches, and just overall suck. Build a native app already.
cant move it on my sd card . maybe uninstall it . i think fb on my browser is much nicer than this ,
This new Facebook is ridiculous, for heaven sakes the older version did better than this new one... It freezes turns off restarts and doesnt send messages properly..
Quit constantly putting out useless updates that only replaces new bugs with old bugs!!!!
How come we cant change our profile picture
Still no "share"  functionality and no option to use facebook as a page. That makes this app useless to me.
Total crap!!
Total crap!!
Not compatible with galaxy ace running apocalypse? Must fix!
I still cant upload pictures to my wall through this crappy app...seriously if you guys don't fix this I'm uninstalling this very soon. One of the biggest apps for android should not be this buggy...*facepalm*
I can't do anything on here! It force closes and wont let me post  status and tag anyone or set a location!!!!!!!!!! Please fix it then I will update it without installing my update!!!!!!! Thank you!!!!!!
Lock up and force close since update on 8/23/12!
This app is horrible being that it is the most popular app on the market... come on man...
i just updated the app and it crash 3 time already!!!!! , why?!?!?!??!!??? and for the love of GOD!!! add "save pic" option plzzzz i dont think its that unbelievable hard to add it plzzzzzzzzzz
This app was perfectly good till the recent update! I cant post anything long but some few words.. And it keeps failing! Ughh fix plz
This app was perfectly good till the recent update! I cant post anything long but some few words.. And it keeps failing! Ughh fix plz
almost unusable
Has hard time reloading have to force close and reopen to update .... HTC evo
Has hard time reloading have to force close and reopen to update .... HTC evo
Rubish from app.. even after to all  updates this app runing very slow on my galaxy nexus... shame for facebook. Must use third part apps to use facebook on mobile... :(
Uninstalled keeps forcing closed HTC 4 G LTE
How does the most used app on this planet screw up so royally? Can't post updates without it FC after I wait forever for it to load. Obviously you need new developers, hire me!
1 star until you get the app working correctly. It constantly locks up. I have cleared my cache and reset at least once an hour.
Made the update now FB won't even open -.-.
Just updated it and first time I open it, it says no connection....yet I have full FOUR G service! ! Get real
Update sucks on RAZR used 3 times...3 force close
Just keeps getting worse. Now freezing. Constantly failing to authenticate. GARBAGE.....Samsung Galaxy S 2
Last 2 updates it has done nothing but force close, Casio commando
Since the last update I haven't been able to upload any of the photos on my phone to my facebook. I thought the bug would be fixed with the new update but I guess I was wrong. Please fix this!
It takes up too much space and I can't delete it from my phone.
First it removed the option to upload to specific album , now it scan all your media in your device and expect you to scan through all of them for the one you want to share? Come on, does your team have a life?
Can't up load picture on facebook
The only app that seems to have trouble loading can not use it at all under any wifi network and barely works under 4g however
This app has serious freezing/crashing problems you would think for a company the has so many users and cash would make an app that is actually stable. Almost time to close my account. PS if you haven't tried Google+ yet please do its a much better experience
Unable to even upload a pic keep getting  "Cannot upload" (title of pic) why?
PICTURES AND NOTIFICATIONS WON'T LOAD. IT REFRESHES ITSELF RANDOMLY WHILE I'M TRYING TO READ MY NEWS FEED. FREEZES AND REQUIRES FORCE CLOSE EVERYTIME. NOW IT DOESN'T EVEN LOAD. JUST TURNS MY SCREEN BLACK AND FREEZES.
It took Nearly 30Mb Of My Memory Storage. Can You Fix That And Make Facebook A Bit More Simple?
So slow to load even on a WiFi connection... when it does manage to load it refreshes ever 30 seconds... such a terrible app
When browsing through the application I get this feeling that you and your team don't seem to think people with poor vision use your application due to its insanely small font size and not one option to alter it.   Although I love the application I am forced to stick with the browser version. This is disappointing because you'd think that a company such as yourself would endorse different people with different abilities and limitations. However this is not the case.
After updating when I get on FB...it freezez and force closes. Please fix.
Facebook is retardo
Hasn't worked all day with new update
I can't see pictures when I click on them since the update today. Please fix
The worst update ever...does anyone read these rating?????????????????...slow and pics don't load quickly...BS!
Can't get the thing to pull up but 10% of the time.  Won't upload photos half of the time.  What a POS!!!
I made a better Facebook app when I pooped
it is freezing up and not responding, completely locks up my phone. If not fixed might as well just remove the entire app as it is completely useless now. Galaxy S2 ICS.
Cant upload any photos whatsoever.   Keeps trying over n over n over.  HTC EVO
Now its suggesting games in my news feed!  Total b.s.  It also keeps suggesting friends that I keep removing.  If I wanted to play games and friend random people I can do it on my own, I don't need some app telling me about them.  Leave me alone Facebook!  I don't need for friends and I don't want to play your stupid games!
Screw it. I uninstalled and just  point Chrome at the website.
Poor integration and functions unlike the web version
Slow and wont let me download
Not possible to see the Wall/Info/Photos tabs when looking at a friends profile, which pretty much means I'm stuck on their wall.  Also can't upload photos.  I'm using the new Nexus 7 tablet.
Why update something if all it is gonna do is force close every two seconds??? I really would like if I could chose my own photo album. I don't want 1000 pics in my mobile album. And I would like to be able to mass delete photos as well. Having to one at a time is a pain.
App won't even open now. Just force closes!
No way am I allowing Facebook to have control over my precise GPS location
Since yesterday after the update it always crashing ang not responding anymore what happen? Before it was working fine on my galaxy s3
Once again, another crappy update.  Locks up and never comes back.  With as much crappy software you put out, no wonder your stock is dropping like a rock!!  Did you recruit your software engineers from Hollywood??  Because they apparently are acting like they know what they are doing....Sheeeesh!!!
Ever since my last upgrade It can't retrieve my notifications /:
I just updated Facebook on my Samsung Galaxy S2 & it keeps freezing, closing out, not properly notifying me, & when I wish to upload a photo, it shows all the photos in my gallery at one time; & that sucks!
The updates just keep getting worse! Fix the issues and leave it alone! This is one of the worst apps on the market, Idk how it got in the top
There is a problem with the group and event...I can't add anybody to that please fix
Piece of $h1t app, 1980's tech slow, freezes frequently with new upd, y not let monkeys make a better app?
The pictures were fine bigger. why the shrinking? Why??????!!!!!!!!
Won't even load after update!!! Great job!!!
Newest version stops responding upon opening the program.
I wish when i upload pics that they didnt all have to go to "mobile" uploads. Where is te choice in albums?
I wish when i upload pics that they didnt all have to go to "mobile" uploads. Where is te choice in albums?
After the update this app is actually worse. Performance has always been an issue but now it just plain refuses to open most of the time
This app sucks now because of the update. Crashes all the time. I have installed 3 times " after " the update & its still fawked. ( booooo ).
After the update it force closes. Super sucks!!!!
Ever since I updated FB it freezes and I can't pull up pictures...doesn't work at all. Very disappointed.
You added features yet didn't address known issues?
It takes up a lot of memory up to 30mb!
7/31/12 Update #2: HTC Sensation.. THIS IS THE ERROR I GET WHEN TRYING TO TAG FRIENDS NAMES IN POSTS: Cannot retrieve the friends list. Please try again later. [Content too large (length unknown) 650000:(application/json)] What is this.......? UPDATE #3 Still can't tag photos or friends in a post bc of the above error... Now forceclosing always and won't shows notifications... I've had enough. Uninstalling!
What can I say? It is a worthless app
App is slow, and doesn't appear to do ANY caching whatsoever -- but is certainly a data hog, using up the most data transfer of any app I have installed on my phone.  Did I mention that the app ignores any privacy and notification settings that you have set on your profile via the web? They are all turned back on my default after that latest update...another item turned on by default -- location tracking. Make sure you turn this off if you don't want it. Why does it need coarse AND precise location?
App crashes and doesn't recover until phone restart.Chat doesn't deliver messages in real time, which created fragmentation in convo. Notification for chat doesn't take you to most recent message and have to manually refresh to see msg. Notification in app doesn't go away after entering from notification bar; have to revisit previous notification in app to clear.
I just got the update yesterday.. not even 24 hours ago and all it‘s telling me is that I should force close. I hae better luck with my internet browser than this app.. fix it.
Well as they always say, I presume it is true--"what goes up, must come down." Facebook created a new dimension (@ startup); but, with too much power comes problems. I now hate Facebook. Self-destruction is its' new standard. What happened to the Facebook we all once knew of and loved. Facebook used to be seemingly flawless; now it is everything but that.
Hyfr
Still can't upload to albums, still sluggish, still a resource hog, still unstable, and still a POS!  No wonder their stock is in the toilet.  They can't make a decent app.
All it does is Forceclose all the time.
Worst update yet.  It freezes my phone and won't open.  I've sent over 10 error reports since I updated about 6 hours ago.  BAD FACEBOOK BAD !
This sucks balls, thanks for the suck a** update..... I wouldn't give it one star, but it made me....
This sucks
Slow crashes all the time
Since update, constant crashes on EVO 4G LTE. Awful.
Seriously, had to update today and can not post, comment or anything. Keeps giving a null error message. Lame
Largest social network,  worst app. G+ actually improves with its updates. Fb adds bugs.
Hella buggy.
Since update it crashes constantly!
This app sucks big time, search fr earlier releases that work much faster and smaller amount of memory usage
Horrible it keeps closing piece of crap!
How this app earns "Editor's Choice" is beyond me. Slower than it was before the last update. Yet, another example of how Facebook is slowly becoming MySpace. Forget this program, use your mobile internet for a faster Facebooking.
Newest update the worst yet.  Constant force closes, freezes, take forever to load.  You would think you would have fixed this crap by now.
Since last update FCs every few minutes. Annoying. Used to be good, now terrible.
App sucks ...
They need to get rid of timeline!! Thats the biggest problem to me! Takes forever to load! Lots of times i can't even simply leave comments. This is ridiculas.....all the problems that everyone else has listed i a having. Now i cant even click on pics to leave coments!!
I strongly disapprove that I cannot uninstall this app and how extremely invasive it is.
Painfully slow even on my galaxy nexus... Facebook really doesn't seem to care about the quality of their mobile apps...
Using the enemies information network against them.
Trust me it is.
the update has made fb freeze and then forces closes a lot. Its annoying especially when I'm writing a message to someone. Please fix!
Sucks . . The one on the web works way better!!
Isn't working
Most popular Social site and the Application sucks on my Galaxy phone..
When i try opening my fb app it keeps timing out and saying connection lost! it only is a problem with the fb app. What's the point of having the app if you can't even use it?!
Pictures won't load or open in the news feed. Force closes every other time I open it. Still can't upload pictures to a chosen album. Sooooo sllllloooowwww. Droid RAZR Maxx
CAN'T see who likes your posts, CAN'T upload to the album of your choice, CAN'T share to other's timelines amongst other seemingly simple things. Quite possibly the worst app ever for android. Quit "updating" Epic 4g Touch
App keeps crashing... really really regret updating it!!!!
- No notification sound - Image upload stream is so laggy!!  PS. already back to 1.9.7  Suggestion... Should resizable image option before uploading very slow and waste bandwidth when uploading big photo
What in earth happened to the app? It worked just fine before the update, but now it just freezes and won't let me log in. Had to uninstall the update to make it work. Please fix as soon as possible.
... Facebook did it again. They created another pointless update.
why is it everytime i let facebook update on my phone it gets worse?! pictures will not load!! everything is extremely slow and when i try to post a status i have to rewrite it multiple times! and also why not put the option of loading your pictures in albums back?!
Dear Facebook, get yourselves a Google+ account and have a look at an app that doesn't completely blow. Seriously, get better.
Everytime i think its fixed its not!!! Idk if syncing my contacts is fb fault or my phone.
Seriously. Hire someone and rewrite this crap.
I have the pantech burst and I used to be able to upload pics but now that I have the update it won't let me upload any pictures at all!! Its sooooo annoying and I hate this app!! Please fix it!
This app is so bad now. I can't take it anymore. Uninstalled. Unbelievable that you have screwed it up this bad.
Stupid app
keeps force closing after new update!
Yall can't get this right!! Sick and tired of all the hoops of this not working right, always updating and gets worse each time!!!!!! GRRRR!!!
Home screen widget does not work.... No bueno!
Disappointingly basic and buggy. Notifications do not refresh, pictures do not load, struggles to find check-in places. Constantly getting error messages. Easier to go online and use full site.
1/2 functions work. Need to make this more functional for mobile phones
Such a wonderful update (insert sarcasm) I do believe updates are supposed to make it better but you guys just seem to make it worse. Hope you all feel very happy about this.
Was good until update now I can't post and notifications don't show up also stopped tellin me when I had comments on a post
i never had a problem with this app until now with the new update forces closed every 3 minutes and crash my cel wtf fis pls!!!!
Had not updated since I got the phone because of all the horrible reviews, but finally forced to today and now I can't even access my Facebook at all. Thanks for reassuring me everyone was right!
An update which absolutely fixed nothing at all. Still can't upload photos, still freezes or just won't load at all. No wonder everyone uses Twitter now
Latest update won't let me use the app. I get an error message that requires me to "force close" >:(
Uses too Much Memory For my Phone & Doesn't let me post on other peoples wall !
It didn't ever stop responding before the last update snd it was awesome, but with this bloody update; 1 star is more than enough.
Very slow into response
Very slow into response
The only reason I downloaded is to check msgs. I do not understand why you don't to a major overhaul on this app. I love my android phones but I have to say years ago /lackberry had youall beat on Facebook app. Are you going to stop having it? That is the only reason I can think of as to why you wouldn't strife for a 5 star rating, instead over the past few years that I've had android I've watched your ratings steadyily declining. Just curious, I know I useFB daily & would probably download more android apps if this one wasn't so bad. I know I'm only one person,but I know by the ratings I'm not alone. Very disappointing.
No wonder your company value is dropping and so many investors are pulling out, its because you suck! Cannot share or upload photos with new update and the app is so slow i just give up and close it. Your app is not practical or functional. just give it up and sack your development team while at it!
The buggiest major app in the play store. Maybe they can invest a little more now that they are public.
Slow, always forcing itself down, photos half the time don't even work. What a waste of time..
Its now 20mb? and i cant even move it to sd card.. about to uninstall.. takes up waaay too much room and every app linked to it happens to force close! Youd think the most popular social network would pay more attention to their mobile family.
But it has some bad errors with connection :)
Its no wonder this app and social media is going down the tubes, 857k 1 star ratings. I have an HTC Thunderbolt and since we went 4glte this is the only app that wont work. Get up to speed or get out of the market!!!
Always force closing on me
Latest update has now made it as stable as a one legged chair on my one xl. What the hell is in this one to make it keep freezing and stop working?
All of a sudden I can't upload photos... the main thing changed with the new release.
The last update is a mess.. So I'm gonna list some problems I have: The app stops working if I want to go to another page outside fb. If this appears on my notifications is worse..  I can't share posts.  I can't change my profile info.  These are a few problems but I don't know if there are more because I don't use the FB app anymore. I'm using fb from the web app.  :(
I cant view my timeline and my friends timeline. I cant check albums. This is horrible!
Update made it unusable.... AGAIN! So much #fail
Recent update causes app to freeze and force close!  Annoying to say the least!!!	Please fix ASAP!
Impossible to choose the album when uploading a picture, still forced to go to many steps to see a comment coming from a notification... and now many FC reports even when not using the app.  Shame!
Stupid app each time they update the app it's worse and worse!
Not giving you my location. Sorry, enjoy the 1-star
Since the update on 8-22-12 it keeps freezing and force closing why can't you seem to get anything right after updates. Some should be fired!!!!
Blowing it.
Unistalling, keeps foreclosing or not loading...really not happy as my phone is really the only way I fb. So unhappy, force closes just posting on wall.  I have the RAZR running icecream sandwich wish I would have never upgraded, which it's why it is set as manually upgrade.  :(
Don't like the bits about what this app can do / access.
locking up and force closing since latest update....
No notifications since the last update. Lags like mad and then closes it self. Bravo!!
I click on the icon to open facebook and all I get is a screen to activate mobile text to add a status update. It wont give me news feeds unless I go the long way around. Very frustrating.
Really!? You guys STILL can't get this app to work? This is by far the worst app I have ever used. Freezes every time I use it on my RAZR.
started the app with a blank screen. is this a new feature? ceo said he promised this to be the fastest FB app ever; codes were rewrote from scratch. maybe they forgot to include the code for loading the app lol
Just updated to newest version...it keeps crashing
I don't even use it. I wish I could delete if off of my phone.
This used to work until the latest update.  Facebook opens just fine, but once everything loads, it freezes after 10 seconds or so.
turned of ALL notifications and sync for facebook on my phone. But I can't prevent notifications. I have location AND my gps off, but still get location notifications. Huge orivacy abd security.breaches.
The absolute worst app. Had to unistall newest update and run off factory app.. Does not load, you have to hit refresh every time you click something, and now force closes every 2 minutes. Literally!! Htc rezound
You still can't upload pictures to a specific album and now I have to post a status 4 times for it o actually show up. Sucks!
This app crashes all the time so I've uninstalled it from my phone.
I updated on my HTC Thunderbolt and it is constantly freezing up and force closing. Had no problems before last update. In the last 2 days, I have heavily contemplated uninstalling this app. This is one of the few apps I use every day, all day... Please fix?!
How is it every time you update its never for the better and nothing ever works properly?      Cant load comments on some posts instead it just reloads my page.
The Nexus 7 app update is still pretty bad. Doesn't have all of the functionality that my phone app has. Doesn't show the cover photo, about section, or pictures. Please fix!
Keeps freezing all the time
Cannot connect this with any app, shows a blank page when other apps try to connect to facebook for login. Stupid and buggy for android particularly.
This app is always not responding on android 4.0 and its perfect on iphone and ipad
Could this app get any worse? I don't care who I may know and definitely don't care for the ads. Facebook equals mega fail.
This is how you lose members. Billions of dollars, yet you can't get one app to function.
Seems with every update this app gets worse. Now it won't even let me post without crashing. Pathetic for a supposed leading company.
Love the layout but REALLY??? YOU need to fix it so we can upload to an album like we used to please for the millionth time
Works too slow even friendcaster is faster than this....
Update 6-15, new update loads 4 people and keeps loading and loading and wont show more than that. Lousy update. Shouldn't have updated! I cannot leave any comments nor leave a status update. This is completely unacceptable!!! Photos upload fine though. Using an HTC one x. I downloaded friend caster and it works fine with no issues. This new 8-23 update sucks! Can't even get it right this time. Keeps giving me an error and forces app to close....seriously??!!??
This app just keeps freezing and getting slower
Slow
You guys need to get this together! The app isn't responding now...  *Samsung Galaxy Nexus
Since update it crashed on average 5 times / day.
Why does it only show a small percentage of friends posts? I miss tons of my friends posts when compared to viewing via desktop.
OMG....what tha heck,Facebook on tha market got updated & still havin troubles,so I logged out & now it won't let me back in. What tha heck?
Right after latest Facebook update it and Slacker would not stop crashing, even though they were not in use. I couldn't answer calls (or anything) because the "send report" screen was always in the way.  Ended up uninstalling all updates. Hope the fix, don't use except for contacts data so with out it at all contacts are an even bigger mess than usual on ICS
New update kepps crashing app on droid razr.
Im sick of it freezing and loosing messages!
I didn't think it was possible for it to get any worse, but it has!  Now it won't even open...
Since update I can't upload pictures at all
It's broken! Freaking out again! Bricks my phone!!
App will force close everytime i try to update my status or comment on friends' posts on my wall. I'm using galaxy s2. Please fix the issue!
Dear developer , pls update this app so we as a user can easily manage our facebook page.why cannot write this apk till full function like desktop web browser?
This is absolutely rediclouse my phone gets the updates before the application does and half the time it doesn't even wants to work fix please
Latest version crashes / freezes all the time on Sprint Galaxy S3
please fix it takes for ever to open I use friend caster is faster
So slow has to much if i wanted the whole fb id get on a computer id rather use twitter
GARBAGE APP.... Hey FB why don't you release another update that doesn't work... oh wait, you just did! Such a sorry app!!! DROID RAZR Max
Brutal
Lots of bugs, app keeps on crashing-galaxy nexus
.slow, hogs resources. Just book mark the site with chrome. Much better option IMO
Did an update yesterday since then everytime I try to post anything nothing shows up. Its like im writing it for nothing. ......
Whatever Facebook is paying the developer of this app, it's too much.  A total embarrassment. My 9 yo daughter developed a variation and fixed the issues reported, took her 9 hours.
Force closes freezes Gah Facebook get it together and make a good app for once
After the new upgrade this app force closes every time I open it.
the worst app ever. try to do something better. all things working slow. 45 mb ram used.
How many updates are we going to get before FB works correctly.  Photos and comments take forever to load IF they load at all.  And we can't pick which album to upload pics in anymore.
I've had the updated app force close and freeze while using it multiple times....I just updated it today. I'm probably going to delete the app until its fixed.
this force  closes constantly.  Just uninstalled and gonma reinstall see if that helps
Please bring this back! My photos are all in the Mobile Uploads folder and it's not really helpful in bringing back memories, which by the way is the primary purpose of photographs.
Forces closes every time i open the app now. Thanks for the "update"
How is it that you ppl can out all these apps & additions & features on here but you manage to screw up the news feed!?! Can't rest it for most recent stories, instead you're stuck with what YOU think is the so called "top story" & we are stuck going to every person's page individually. FIX IT!! GRRRR
Its all gossip
There have been so many problems with my app..It won't let me post, it hardly ever loads photos.
Takes 4eva 2 download -.-
I love it but when I try to search facebook user it a bit slow and I hope you can fix it...
Since facebook mobile updated today all it does is stop responding , really people get your stuff together ! Very bad update ! FIX IT , before this was working great .
Rarely starts up, and force closes when it does finally work. C'mon Facebook... You have to do better! (would not recommend this update)
App crashes constantly on me....& that's just not a problem i have with apps, something is definitely lacking in this version, i like allot of the UI changes though.
Sucks but how can you not use it
Slow, crashes a lot of force close
All right. This is the worst update by far. I can't upload pictures AND every time I wanna make a status I have to type it again because it tells it cannot update status. Thanks for ruining Facebook for android -.-
Keep getting cannot recieve notification messages really getting annoyed with it
It keeps crashing. Officially uninstalled and off of facebook. Feels great. I recommend g+ and Twitter.
causes the app to crash almost instantly. please fix!
It's veeeeeeery slow, it takes a long time to load a simple picture and it doesn't load every time I want, sometimes it freezes on Galaxy SII friendcaster is too much better this :D
Since the latest update this sht sucks
Seriously what the heck did u guys do!
Newest update; still cannot tag friends in status updates or pictures and now all of a sudden with this update I can't post updates? What is wrong with this? Its purely ridiculous. LG Optimus V.
Pure garbage!
HTC Thunderbolt. Latest update keeps causing force close.
Droid life reports execs at Facebook Fed up with the Android app problems have forced the app developers to use the Android version instead of the iphone version they normally use so they can see how bad it is. That's pretty sad.
Too slow and Burns my freaking battery life TOO FAST
I thought update the New app will change...end up even worst...is so slow.. the pic so small ..can't even enlarge.. most the time  can't even load the info..use up the battery so fast.  Not recommend at all.
Really.. just going to Google and typing in Facebook everything is faster.. sucks. Keeps messing up losing signal..
My phone's layout is better somehow. The coverphoto doesn't show up on tablets. LAME. Also pictures won't load at all now.
Seriously? It's sad that probably the most popular and downloaded app on the market messes up more than the stupid little games my 7 year old son downloads!
Eh Never works like it should.
Drops or fails constantly!!!! Horrible
Keeps crashing or time outing !!!! Sort it
Cannot upload pictures at all on htc one x. Cannot choose which album to upload to.
Right this app is using way too much space and is getting slower... I can't even totally remove this bloatware off my phone as it was installed already. And 16.7MB is a bit much. That's just over 10% of my user space. Come on. Add a move to SD function. This would be no stars if it were possible
Can't upload photos since the last update. Fix it please.
Im getting messages late ;/
All it does is say "loading".
So freaking slow on wifi and 4g
The app seriously fails in extensive ways, not because of bugs or incompatibility, just the fact that the actual app is developed badly. You rebuilt the app again for iOS, when will Android users see this new x2 faster, totally amazing update? The markets are equally as big, if not bigger on androids side, as a multi billion dollar company, the rebuilds should have been released side by side.
This latest update keeps freezing and refuses to respond on Samsung galaxy i1900p
It is clear that Facebook is dying
Getting lots of force closes after new update, worked fine till now!
Is always lagging
It doesn't even work on 4G. That's frustraiting and makes me have zero respect for the app.
Read messages and status'. Reopen and still show unread. WTF?
New update is terrible. Half the time it wont even let me post things!!
This version is still broken. Period. It looses my password and all the settings every other day. It is the authentication failed error. Constantly having to go back and fix everything is a real pain.
Annoyed with the forced extra icons on my tray.
2 updates and yall still haven't brought back the feature to upload photos to the album of your choice, why'd yall even change it?! sucks now #nolie
latest update hogs memory with no extra features. same ol garbage different day. guess it's time to abandon fb
Sucks
After installing this update, the app was randomly crashed three times in an hour.
I can't post any status on fb, can't upload pics to any ablam but mobile..force closes..come on fix it..everyone is complaining about the same things!
Crash crash crash that's all it does with new update. Do they test this stuff before sending it out?
This app is so slow
This app is slow and cuts off pictures. It is in not very user friendly. I just go to Facebook on my browser. It's a much better experience. I sure wish I could delete this app from my phone and tablet.
Doesn't let me find the check ins also tag people doesn't notify me on time or at all needs to be better improve also to many force close for the android smh
The icons from the update were ok till the app frozed up and it close when tried to send the icons on the chat they were not available just if you unistall the app and re-install but hey guess what you gett the fc on the miserable app can you make it work for real. Dude is annoying
Please can you all make it a feature to upload photos to wanted album?? And uploading multiple one. It is so frustratin to not be able to do so.
New update killed notifications and now it freezes every time I open it and it asks me to force close even that doesn't work!! HTC Amaze ICS 4.0
Have an S2 and its as slow as my old I9000 and HTC Desire. A real sham.
What happened to FB?
You've had 2 years now and still can't get a simple UX in place. FriendCaster is FAR superior - use your billions to buy them out, instead of releasing these facepalm-worthy "updates"
It keeps force closing since the new update I get on for a minute then it freezes
Like I said whole application needs overhaul.... New update force closes or won't even open
Latest update crashes 3x per hour.  Total crap, as usual. You guys really suck at software. UN freaking believable
Wait for the bug fix
Thanks for the update, now it force closes every minute without me even opening the app.. htc evo v 4g
Does not work on tablets...You folks are smart...get the app fixed!
I'd rate this as "meh." I use it on a day to day basis but its nothing special.  The design is outdated and the app as a whole is clunky and slow.
Keeps force closing
I wish there was another facebook app :(
If you find the app that bad, then you should use friendcaster instead.
Way to screw up!!! Quit fixing what isn't broke!!!!
Latest update is horrible. Crashes constantly, if you can get it to work in the first place.  Please shoot the person who did this. Get a new team.
Since the latest update Facebook crashes every single time i try and use it. Forcing me to uninstall!
What's going on? This app just seems to get worse. It keeps crashing.
there is no notification coming after this update plz reverse the update
I HATE the new updates to the app!!! I cant do hardly anything with it anymore!!
Again, another junk update. Force closes or doesn't load at all.
Fa estremamente SCHIFO!  Lenta, si blocca, moolto meglio con il browser
I'm just not finding this app useful. Every time I do log in I'm just frustrated and end up logging out and using another app
Slloooww.... laaggs a.a. L.ooo..t! Best app to waste time. Doesnt sync birthdays on android calendar, only events.
Getting better
I WISH I HAD NOT UPDATED. The latest update is terrible, it can never connect to retrieve notifications, pictures take a lifetime to load (if ever), and the notification tone no longer goes off anymore
So slow
I update my status and hit post and its not there i had a post that i know had several comments on it i went in to comment on it and couldnt find it plus i wrote something this morning and it never posted then i go in and look and it had my posts from the day before as "today" i have had other phones and never a prob with facebook but this facebook app SUCKS but i just updated it so maybe that will fix it i donno we will see so the update didnt help at all it says my pix were up loaded but they're APP SUX
Just a such awful app workers at facebook should be made to use android smartphone to see that pain we daily use so through
Too many bugs, it always pop up "force close", it wont let me check in, it always have me online when im not! Some needs to seriously fix this.
I thought something was wrong with my new Razor but after reading these other comments, I find people with similar problems. I'll check further on how to proceed.
Freezing, not loading, wont post, pulls up old data and refuses to pull new data even AFTER you reload, restart and logoff. Needs work.
keeps saying loading after update..fix it
Fc and the comments. disappeared . Worse facebook app ever
Sucks on CM9 w/ ICS. Text doesn't show up half of the time and locks up a lot.
Keeps freezing and crashing since the update
The last update makes the widget unusable.  ICS on the Bionic.
I can't update because invalid package
This application can be made more bettr
I have so many problem with Facebook please update immediately
Very annoying!
Photos cannot be uploaded at all!!!! I hv tried many times but still says failed to upload...pls look into this thnk u
Very slow
Every update makes it slower and more unusable, sort it out Facebook, unable to connect even though I have 3 bars of signal. Terrible!
This is the second time I installed this app, it's really good when you first get this app but it tends to load slower or not load at all. With each update, this app will become more slower. Soon I'll be uninstalling then reinstalling this app. Ya'll should come up with a new Facebook app. A better one.
IT STILL SUCKS!!!!    Please fix it before it drives me to an iPhone!
I can't post to my friends walls with this latest update. :/
Total bug, often ask to force close, and not responding, hang often to after the new update
Boring at wait you update
After the update, I'm force to shut the app. It doesn't response as well. Fix it!
This application has been dropping. I can't add video to my other page either. Would be a 5star app if these problems would stop. Oh yeah and it force closes. Great job developers. A huge app like facebook should work then again it's boost.
Keep crashing and freezing since the new update. Photos still take forever to load.
FB keeps crashing!!!! Wth?  Pls reverse the update.
With new update it force closes a lot
Had to uninstall My latest update because it was enable to post any of my status.
Now, statuses do not appear in widget.
Pics on news feed wont load. And if they do,you couldnt comment,tag,like. The icons below the pic doesnt work.   Htc sensation
after d update...it frequently.closes...i am nt getting my notifications properly...plss fix it...its verrrry irritating!!
About half the time it doesn't connect. The other half the time it works great
Force stops more then it works. This happend after the latest update. Fix it please!
Since the last update,  causes my Galaxy S2 to randomly reboot. Uninstall FB and the crashes stop. Reinstall it and they start again.
Is good before.. But after updates.. Cant updating notifications, take a long time to load when I want to view pictures, mostly notifications not come out in my galaxy note bar. Not good! Plz fix it!
Takes up too much memory.
Constantly freezes since last update
I tried to upload some photos and by the time it reaches to 100% the photos failed to upload on facebook. Please fix this.
Very slow !! very lag !! very bad !!
Crashes all the time ever since the update!!!
I
Force closing after update
I presume it's because there are minimal ads, if any, on the mobile version and FB needs to boost revenues by annoying us into using the web version.
New update on ipad is amazing. New update on android phone sucks. Why???
Average, nothing more, nothing less. Resource hog, nice UI but too buggy to use reliably. If you want a perfect example of an app which isn't resource hungry, fast and looks amazing download the Tumblr app. Unfortunately this app really isn't at that kind of level yet. Lots of bugs need ironing out.  I'd even go as far to say that the entire app needs rewriting. Viewing photos is a no go - FAR too slow. Want to like a photo? That takes 10 seconds. Want to load the newsfeed... that'll take 15 seconds from startup. And it isn't even saved in memory so you can't even scroll through the previous newsfeed while you're waiting. Seriously! Needs vastly improving for a company of Facebooks size. Tumblr have written a perfect app for something that incorporates so much media. Why can't Facebook?
When i click on pics they will not download
I will open a pic to comment and it won't ever open up or if I click on a video to comment it will reset fb to the beginning of the news feed. Lost connection too.  Very annoying!  Fix it!
Can you guys make this movable to SD card please I love this app but it takes up unecessary space Dxx to much space for update . !!!7
It's ok, but lots of forced closing, and it takes forever for pictures to load on my news feed.
when i updated my stock fb to the latest one i thought it would run smoothly abd load faster but to my surprise it forces close everytime i start it. And i hope it would maintain its identity as an android application when you upload on fb just like when i first bought my android phone, everytime i update my status using my cp it always states their via android but now it no longer say that way.. please bring the android identity back. Thanks
It rarely works correctly and is a very slow running app. HTC thunderbolt.
Since the last update, the app keeps freezing on my phone! Please fix this ASAP!! If it wasn't going to that then I would give 5 stars
Since the last update, the app keeps freezing on my phone! Please fix this ASAP!! If it wasn't going to that then I would give 5 stars
Why is it after todays update nothin fits in the screen how do i fix it
After newest update keep closing when I read inbox, fix that.
Got wi-fi on, everything else works, but just lately this app says I've got no internet connection & won't load......WTF??
last problem about posting comment has been resolved..now it has become problem when I try to post update my status..always show post cnt be update..Im tired to retype ok! fix this please
Took a star away because your updates have made it suck, majorly!!!! It's slower and every time I try to change my profile pic, it force closes!!!
Plz phone to sd card.....
Very slow
Its gud for chatting n it is fast
Usually ok, but always a little buggy with notifications and likes, etc. Terrible after latest update, had to uninstall updates as it wouldn't even open. You just have to look at the recent reviews to see how people feel about it.
For such a big company to have such a shoddy app is a joke. Constantly crashes and freezes.
*I HATE FBook mobile & this  fixes some of what  I don't like although pics take forever to load, can't edit that STUPID timeline, or your family, there's no automatic birthday reminder, or pokes, no blocking, can't report people, and I can't copy, and paste. It's getting worse actually. Glad I didn't upgrade cus it sounds like others hate it. I prefer to keep disliking it to hating it... it's really just for comments, and likes at this point.
Force closes a lot.
fix it
You didn't actually change anything in the latest update and ever since is force close.. ?
Force close and freeze after updated the newest version
Since the new upgrade I've had problems with facebook loading in full service. Please fix
Worst update ever. It always does a force close and locks up my phone. When posting on someones wall it will say can't post status null then i will have to rewrite it all and im not getting of my notifications. Uninstalling update so my Facebook actually works
It literally takes it 5 minutes every time for a picture to load!! Fix it!!
Now it keeps foreclosing. I'll try un installing the update :(
Force closes and doesn't allow status update. Poor upgrade.
When I first downloaded it was good. Since restarting my phone its slow, force closes and freezes! Awful now
-1 star for poor no not poor really bad notifications....when i get them that is and that isnt often anymore. Please fix. App needs alot of work also the facebook page for Facebook for android? Where is it? Where can we get information about up coming updates? Enough with the ios how about us android users?
To slow and it takes a while to load and just toooo slow update. D app of make changes....
Slow! Laggy.
Not getting notifications since the update. ****Would be nice to have a share button next to the like/comment buttons like on desktop version. Frustrating to have to open pic, click menu, share and have the photo upload into my mobile album...
This app hasn't worked well since the previous update.  It freezes and that's very annoying.  Also doesn't highlight friends so they see the post. Please fix!?
Now barely usable (keeps freezing).
Eversince the recent update, Facebook has been crashing many times and were forced to close. It is still ongoing. Please fix.
Can't retrieve photo at this time for Weeks now! Fix it already.
i am looking for other facebook app that i can use but this app is much better than them. but if given a chance to find another, i will definitely uninstall this.
Every update makes things worse!!  I updated less than 24hrs ago and now I cannot even get fb to open!!!!
Keep jam and lag down there!  App auto force to close! Irritating!
Keep jam and lag down there!  App auto force to close! Irritating!
Chat xperiance is worst And no option to shre the links only optn for like and comment
I dont recive the notifications anymore sience the update !!!! And it get stucked w forced close alot :| fix it !!!
Slow. The check in doesn't work. Keeps saying no recent activity. Totally weak.
ever since the update its taking forever for pictures to load and pages to open!
Keeps force closing since update and won't load in
DisLike:-P
Keeps force closing after update
I find myself using Google+ more just because its far more stable then Facebook. Thanks for fixing the upload photo option.
Keeps freezing after new update. Can't even exit application!
Since update my htc desire hd keeps force closing. Other than that, It's slow, keeps changing most recent to top stories...I remember when facebook was good
It keeps freezing
Can't post since update and keep and force closes please fix it! ASAP
Constantly have to use internet Facebook, because app is terrible and foreclose s all the time.
Ok, so I've recently installed updates to Facebook and now i don't hear any notification sounds. Please can you sort this out?! Thank you
Not what it once was
Newest update is horrible. Haven't been able to get on FB for 2 days after update. What a joke.
This app seems to get worse with every update. I still have a connection lost the majority of the time I connect with wifi!
Still a huge lack of functionality for tablets
Ever since the recent update Facebook force closes every other time I open it.
After new update all it does is crashes nd give closes all the time.Just leave things alone
World's largest social network company's mobile app opens up disappointingly slow even on faster networks. Shame on them.
When i open the app it keep on loading for minutes to open.. some times can't open the images that uploaded,,want improve a lot
Constantly freezes and causes a force close.  Doesn't do any good evidently to report it.  It's still going on!
Keeps force closing after newest update
After the update it freezes and crashes constantly. I think it has to be double checked. -(htc sensation, android)
Taking up more space than ever!
Doesn't load pictures. Frezes  a lot, Very slow in general
Can hardly use due to force close issues
Too slow
As other people have noted since the latest update it now force closes on a regular basis. Photos take longer to load too and generally slow all around even with fast wifi connection. Developers too busy sucking up to Iphone users I suspect! Galaxy S3
Sloooooow..even with full bars or on wifi
With every update gets slower and slower :(
First of all HUGE complaint, keeps forcing close at random and WON'T LET ME CHANGE MY PROFILE PICTURE. FIX THIS PLEASE! I'M GETTING ABSOLUTY FED UP!
How do I get rid of update??
Keeps crashing !
Didn't think this app could get any worse. I was wrong. After latest update can't share any pictures. This app sucks.
Would have thought being "Facebook" glitches would be a minimum!  Took control of my auto-rotate! Annoying!
Recently this application keep forcing stop... pls fix it..
Not uploading pictures for some reason, and freezes some time.
Crashes all the time and widget wont update!
I don't have a phone with huge internal storage. I have Samsung Galaxy Ace with 180 MB internal memory and whenever I use it my internal storage gets full. Please do something.
Galaxy S2 here.  I'm not sure is that a bug, I cant make a comment on a video. Cant even open the video page to view the comments.
Is there any way I can go back to the previous version?
Keeps crashing, force close
New version for iPhone, but Android version is getting worse! Android smartphone market share is far more than iPhone's, btw. Please make this app at least stable.
It's not that gd
Take forever to log in .Once I logge in , and afterwards sign off , doesn't let me access my account no more it say loading n doesn't load anything need to restart my phone in order for me to log in again to my account...  Fix this problem ASAP...
Keep getting errors that it cannot update at this time since I updated yesterday.
Average at best'unusable after new update it keeps crashing on start up
Randomly stops responding after the update! I'll just use Flipboard it runs smoother!
All after latest update. Using HTC one S. Never been great, keeps getting worse
Realy works very slow.. Always info page loading... Loading... Going best to worst this app.
Since the newest update i can no longer see my wall..
Gets worse!  I liked the option before to send photos into different albums.. Cant get my notifications.. Too slow!!!
App freezing after latest update.
The app is really slow,  it takes up all my battery and cant be moved to my sd card. Someone fix these problems please
At first was just fine,then after the update,it became useless,who the updater,.haiyo change it back lah
Keeps crashing after the update
It takes too long loading. Instead i log on thru browser. Need to fix it, SPEED IT UP.
Suffer from infinite loading screen in every part of the apps
It was working perfectly fine until the update. Now, it freezes and force closes, and I can't update my status or post anything on anyone's wall. Please fix soon!
As with other comments had to remove since later update as constantly force closing
Its Not Lettin Me Post Links On Ppls Pages
Very slow and UI could be better! I wish it was more like the g+ app and this is not a dis to facebook
Force closes everytime!! The app only makes me mad!!!!
My new messages in my inbox won't show up ever on my Samsung Galaxy S II or my Galaxy Tablet!
pretty poor. no optiin to move to SD card, so removed it since it was by far the biggest app on my Samsung Galaxy Ace. It was also way too slow for my liking. But I put that down to my Internet.
And notifications don't work... They have never worked anyway.
Keeps freezing and forcing it to close  Slower than before for opening pictures etc.
The browser are much faster,and yet provided mobile view,what's the difference in that??
Keeps forcing close down since new update on HTC desire
can b better,not one to complain but hey its free but still listen to r suggestions....i can deal id give more starrs if i can put a pic in a paticular album BRING THAT OPTION BACK
I would like to be able to un follow posts from my mobile.
Will not let me upload pictures, change it back!
After the recent update it keeps force closing. Hope FB comes up with a better & cleaner update soon.
It keeps forcing close and  not responding
Not responding? What the..
Where do I start? The annoying constantly circling Loading arrow? The incessantly long loading time for pics...IF they load at all....the 50/50 chance it will actually proceed at 4G speed...the force close issues....need I go on?
Recent patch (Aug 22 '12) made some improvements. Still can't select albums for photo uploads.
Booo
Keeps firce closing after the new update .. it's so annoying!
No sounds anymore, just vibrates... Was okay and worked. Now it is not!  Would help if the sort button stayed as we select too.
Installed the latest update on my razor and have had nothing but "unresponsive issues"
After the update, I can't comment or see other comments. The page reloads and goes back to the top of page. Epic fail! Droid x
So iOS just got a release and we Android users don't get much do we? Horribly slow, unpredictable and unreliable. Please improve this app
Get better
Since update its crashes with a white screen. Plse fix...use all the time n usually great
Has crashed 70% of the time since new update !! Plz fix
Has crashed 70% of the time since new update !! Plz fix
Whenever i put a new status up it says that it cannot be loaded at this time! I do it again and it does, REALLY annoying!! Also i dnt always get notifications for comments on my status or photos, please sort this!!
Ever since I've updated it the last couple of times its been crashing a lot, not loading properly, I don't get all my notifications, pictures take forever to load or load blurry, sometimes its refreshes by its self, and I don't like the fact that you can't change tour profile picture from the app. Get it together facebook !
Goes non responsive periodically on HTC Sensation / ICS
Can't retrieve friends list!!!! please fix!!! X(
Since update.
Your app is bad, and you should feel bad.
Won't bring friends list on chat or let me chat, slow and I'm sick of the force closing!!!
Constantly crashing, really is becoming unusable.sort out all these bug fixes!
Iphone always has the better more successful version unlike the gay android version I'm stuck on. This looks more like a college project put together rather then a professionally made app like Iphone has.
Mostly became hang or force close... Plse fix that problem...
Okay, but both phone and tablet are slow as hell sin ce installing.
Buggy, connection issues. Useless.
Keeps force closing after update, very disappointing!
image upload will be failed if privacy is not set to all friends on HTC SENSATION.  Random freeze.
The application is still slow and does not install on SD card.
After the update, can't upload pic....
Over all a good app, but occupies more than 20MB, you MUST give an option to move it to external storage. its pity not to provide this option.
♥♥♥♥♥
Here's to hoping that forcing the guys at FB to use the android app creates improvements..
lastes version has some issues.... doesn't load the laster stories in fact the screen just keep in white or even worst in black sometimes.
On the whole its ok, but I can't install the update and now it keeps crashing.
The app was working great before I downloaded the most recent update. I've had to force close more times than I can keep track of.
Keeps force closing after the last update.
Pretty poor. Keeps asking me to re-enter my password, is very slow to load, and keeps crashing.
The app keeps force closing before it even opens up all the way, making it useless. It just started happening after the latest update. Please fix this issue and I will rate better. Good app none the less, but this issue is just bringing more problems.
Bahahhaha jkn ilove this app.
sometimes it takes forever to the page to load, the gives you a network error.
On 4.0 epic touch status updates cause a force close. Please fix this works but barely
I would agree, most recent stories all the way...
I'm uninstall this because it takes up too much space on my phone it's rediculous. It would be better if A. It didn't take up 20mb, or B. If I could save it on my sd card.
Unable to edit my account settings
Update is very buggy and force closed on my S2
I have very little problems with any apps ever. Generally not even ones everyone else has. But I am having so many with this app. Force close when I try to upload a pic to group, slow loading times in excellent service area. Notifications are horrible. Motorola Electrify.
Since update my news feed says no posts!
So very slow...
Takes up way too much space. I would put just one star or even uninstall, but I like having synced contacts plus push notifications. Either way, the app is still as slow as ever, while now taking up even more space than ever. You just took a step backward, Facebook.
I would really like to be able to delete comments & report them as spam. Where is that option?? Also when I want to tag someone in my status it gives me an error msg & says my contacts can't be uploaded. I haven't gotten the update & from the reviews I'm glad! Every time I open the app, it doesn't take me to the home screen but to some page or pic I looked at earlier. So annoying
Yu guys need to put bak the thing where you choose wat album the pictures goes wen uploads we seriously need that bak plz & thank you! ..
Slow & resource-heavy. Makes routine status checking a frustrating chore.
Slow & resource-heavy. Makes routine status checking a frustrating chore.
Upgrade a new version this version is full of disaster
Phone freezes and restarts with new update
Its a good app apart from it deciding what you can see and these new ads on the top. Do they really need to be  there?
For such a big and popular company, you think they could put out a better app than this. This is the slowest app on my phone; takes forever to load pictures even on wifi and always force quits. Disappointed.
This ap is ok, but it takes forever to open up private messages or even show me any new notifications. In the end, I tend to log on via my internet if I want either of these as the ap is just way too slow.
This just sucks compared to what it once was
This app is pointless since the update. Hardly ever opens when i try to use it, and always asks to force close when i'm not even using it. Make this thing work damnit!
So fb u can give iphone users an amazing update, but while u have fixed some bugs in the android update it still has glitches (i still can't see my whole newsfeed ...loading loading...)and  im guessing it doesn't even come close! We better b next fb!!! Hop to it!!!!
Facebook is Force Closing ALLthe time now ever since the last update. But yall did fix some stuff, well just the photos load faster now when opening it. & some small other stuff. Just please fix this force closing bscause it keeps freazing my phone >'< ty ~ JC. [ :
I do a lot of chatting via FB chat and I found that the user experience has gotten worse. I dislike going to messages to keep up with my conversations. I would just push the back button on the previous version and be back at the chat home screen with the buddy list and new messages on it. Also, after the ics update, it was working smoothly with loading all my contacts, but now it's just frozen in the same state
Cannot upload pictures since update
I cant move this app to my sd card,any suggestions?
It crushes once in a while
Why cant we move it to the sd card? it takes up lots of my phone memory n i dont have that much. fix it n i'll give it 5 stars
At first there's no problem but lately it crashes almost everytime i use the app. Please resolve...
This last update today blows. Mine keeps crashing. Fix this please!!!!!
i like the new update look and that it logs in faster. but uploading photos that dont show on my profile causing me to have to waste time having to reload them 3 or even 6times! then wen i click on the photo, it doesnt even take me to the right one and still no sign of new upload. PLEASE FIX THIS BLOODY APP PROPERLY AS IM SICK OF USING THE INTERNET ONE ALL THE TIME!!!
Refresh indicator permanently running. ANR close/wait system dialogue persistently showing. Will increase rating when rectified.
Theres no way to view photo albums :/
Pants
Pathetic. I cant even update status
My notifications tell me ___ people like my photo but when I click there wont be any likes, same with comments. Makes me mad lol
It will bot upload any pictures or notifications. -_-
Samsumg galaxy s2 skyrocket
Fix and update the bloody tablet version pictures are cropped. Our not optimising the room we have on a tablet. I cant see picture folders. No timeline. 5 updates since you broke it. Fix it ffs
First off, the new Timeline sucks. The user should have the option of having "My Space2" or not... and mobil even worse, the app is still not configured right, in order to view the nice version of mobile i have to go on www.m.facebook instead of straight from the Android app.. Hopefully the guys at Palo Alto, CA fix the Android bugs and get rid of Myspace -- Timeline...
The widget Dose not refresh after new update Just  keeps  saying that It's refreshing but nothing changes i am using  HTC ONE S
App is broken. Please redo ours like ios Facebook app.
STILL needs alot of work...Doesnt work very well and got even WORSE since the latest update...runs slow and forces closed nearly EVERYTIME!!! OVER 4 MILLION PEOPLE HAVE THIS APP!! How in the hell can one of the worlds most used app NOT work?!?!? Sony Ericsson xplay
It used to be awesome now all it does is take time to load and load and load.
Could be better. Much better.
Won't load photos, super slow since update. :-(
Put back the zoom in/out pleeeease..  :)) thank u. I still couldnt find the info/photo  buttons  on friends  wall to click on :-(
The update did nothing but screw the app up even more. None of the new stuff works. Now you need to update your update.
I hate that they took away the feature to select the folder you want your pics to go to.  I didn't update for this reason, but when they did a flash reset on my phone it got automatically updated.  Frustrating that they took away a feature.  Maybe allow us to set our default folder????
I guess this app is back to sucking. I don't get status notifications anymore Smh...
It keeps freezing on update
Keeps freezing on me.
It freezes on me a lot "/ please fix ..thanks
What's with all the services running in the background?? Fb application used to never have 4-5 services running in the background cause this one loads extremely slow!!
The apps keep on crashing and force close after the latest update..please fixed
I CAN'T UPLOAD MY PICTURES !!!
I keep having to remove the app from my phone and reinstall it. Extremely irritating.
Been few times crashed while open a homepage and no any notification when get new messages :-(
You can ysually get to a computer and load facebooks full site in the time it takes this app to load your news feed. And its not my connection or phone.
removing post and pics from your page should be simple
The app updated and now all it does is crash
time line sucks can never retrieve notifications or pictures half the time
Def gettin better, lots of flaws tho. -F.C. constantly -the new 'like/tag/comment' on pics doesn't always work -seems like I only see maybe 10 of my friends on my feed (I have the "show in newsfeed" checked -pls make it so we can move Instagram pics 2 other albums (no need 4 another album, mine r organized by "events", this drives my OCD crazy!!) -not posting 2 friends walls says [null] -"share" option -cover pic, y does iPhone have the option to take a pic, upload, or chose from album but Droid doesn't >:o
Veeeerrrrrryyyyy slooooowwww!!!! :@ When wil this app work fast as in browser?
It was a great app
If this version is causing problems for you, try this.  Settings>Apps>Facebook>Uninstall Updates.  This depends on the model of phone if it will even give you the option, worth a look though!  Newest version is garbage.
Newest update crashes on launch. Please fix. Never had any problems before.
Not the best android app by far.  Kinda frustrating since I use all the time.
Horrible update s3 gives error when trying to upload photos. Please fix
this new version keep force close and make my galaxy note not responding all the time. it totaly disturb my system all out... and make it freeze almost every half an hour. please fix it rite away!!
Many forced closes with the update. Even on wifi the messenger doesn't update properly.
Option to enter comments directly from News Feed does not work. Shows my photo and comment field but will not let me type in it, or even pop up the keyboard. Like it is not an actual text field...  Issue remains* The option to see your friend's photos directly from their profile is not an option on the Nexus7. Button should be right there beside the message button but is not. Fix it please.
Force closes on my Samsung Galaxy S3 when trying to update status in app. Freezes when opened in browser :/
I like the app other then its slow to upload pics at times and it forces me to close the app out or just exits out by itself.!?!?!
Will not bring up a picture if you click on it to view it, it only says loading.
The lastest update isnt that good. It jst keep force me to cose whn i minimize the apps. Please fix asap. Thanks.
We don't need this...
Another fail. Can't you do anything right?
Why is the interface so radically different then the web version? And how hard is it to allow it something simple, like pasting? Are the app programmers left over from the days of DOS?
SOOOO SLOW!
Notification ringtone doesn't work always vibrates app freezes  Samsung galaxy s3
It is freezing and force closing many times since updated to newest version.
Facebook is the most popular app wtf does it suck so bad
Every time I open it it take forever and once its open if freeze and says to force close other wise I still love it
Takes longer to view pics and do pretty much anything. Just use ur browser
Still bugs are there
Please have it stored in sd card!
Freezin too much and force to close every time I open, since the update!!;((
Its ok..
Force closes and freezes a lot since most recent update. Also SUCKS that I can no longer sort by "most recent", which is honestly the ONLY way I want to see what's been posted. What do I care abt something someone posted YESTERDAY if it didn't show up YESTERDAY?!!!!
When i start the app ten minutes go by and it's still loading, and wen it does load it takes forever do to anything else as well
This app is about useless sometimes but it should be allowed to move to SD!!!!! It'll free up SO space!! Seriously though we're up over 20 MB of data space now after this last update. Unacceptable.
Now it wont let me update my status. And I have words of wisdom! Please fix. Asap
Keeps foreclosing....it's not surprising though, but please fix
I enjoying to used it
Freezes too much, won't display pics, and chat is pretty much useless
Force closing constantly since update.... please fix.
Keeps force closing! I've notices a pattern of: release improvement, TRY to fix bugs with said improvement, and repeat. You'd really think that they'd be able to get everything working right by now.
I have a Droid Incredible 2 and the app keeps force closing. And it takes forever to load anything.
I can't tag any of my friends in photos or check ins because it won't load my friend list.  Ridiculous.
For the official Facebook app on Android, should be smooth and fast. Doesnt seem to speed up on WiFi or 3G connections. Facebook developers need to fix this. Its been like this for too long. Also no move to SD card option. So stupid.
Can't upload photo. (Xperia p)
Unable to view pictures contstantly, problems with logging on, closes intself constantly, requires forced close often, doesn't show likes, or comments until hours later, friend reqeusts often don't show up when I receive a text that they have. Other than those many problems, I do enjoy your app. Just make a new update, please.
Just un intuitive. can't do many things
The last two updates have caused almost daily authorisation failed messages, causing me to have to link back alllll my Facebook contacts. This is ridiculous. App was also buggy when it rarely worked smoothly.
Keeps force closing and freezing!
App is almost always show to load over both wi fi and 3G. Might as well just use the web browser of your choice to facebook.  Edit: This app just keeps getting worse. Forces close might as well use browser.
Ever since I updated my Facebook app I can't get it to load. Everything else on my phone that requires internet to load works just fine..but not my Facebook. Very irritated because Facebook is the app I use most and now I can't use it.
This app sucks when it comes to speed, even on wifi or 4g Lte. Don't bother with it just use the desktop version on your phone.
This app is failing, doesn't show me my notifications, won't let me post status updates.  Shows the wrong picture I'm trying to look at.  Overall the whole thing is failing.
I love it!!!!
It was good at first but now my pages don't load, it freezes all the time where I have to restart it and its slow!! I was told when I bought this phone I wouldnt have to wait for pages to load , but this app sucks!! And I think its slowing down my phone as well. U guys can do better.. millions of people use this app so why dont u fix it!! U ask for rates and reviews , so here it is.. now do something about this app! Thanks.
Since today's update sound notifications do not make sounds.   Volume is on and sound is chosen.
I never had problems with Facebook until now!!! Force closes every please fix!!!
It force closes down the app every now and then, after installing the update. What kind of development team is this?
To add sync
Ever since the new update it force closes and I don't get my: notifications...put it back to the way it was please
pictures dont load properly
It could be great if the app would allow us to upload photos into different albums and not just into the mobile uploads. Please fix!! GALAXY S2
It's freezing after latest update.
Mine keeps freezing to! And It's  pissin me off !
Loads way to slow on android, I just give up
Love it!!!
After the latest update, the web version  seems better than the native app. My notifications don't show up anymore, for example. And I can't see people's pics in Nexus 7, which reaaally sucks.
If I spend more than a couple minutes on Facebook, it force closes on me. I try to re-open it and it goes back to an extremely old version of Facebook. Also I try to update my status and it say its not able to and its error. Please fix and ill give a higher rating.
Cannot use app longer than a minute on htc incredible 2 since update..please fix
It was great before. I can't open any pic or video what's the problem????!!!
Ever since the upgrade my notifications aren't coming through. Just leave it alone, if it ain't broke don't fix it!
I just uninstalled updates...I hope that works. Updated yesterday and now takes forever to load. Also stalls and has to force close. Hope it gets fixed soon...very irritating.
The last time I went to backup all of my contacts I was also combining gmail and Facebook, and lost all my contacts! When I checked gmail to export the only thing left was gmail! FIX THIS PLEASE!
This app is functional, well designed, and easy to use but the most recent update ruins it. I haven't been able to install the must recent update at all as it had been giving an "insufficient storage space" error despite having 17 gigs free on my phone. And from what I've read, those who have been able to install the update have been experiencing various other problems.
That's. Sucks
Takes forever to sign in and log out. Please fix this issue!!
This new upgrade keeps telling me can't post at this time and takes hours to post pics...not ok :(
After the update, the app takes forever to load and stops Responding, I have to Force Close almost every time.  Please fix.
Pls give us the ability to Add Accounts and the share option like in the pc Facebook :<  Edit: I wish the size is smaller too. I can't update this app without having to delete everything
I like now can upload more than one picture at a time. Don't like that freezes up a lot since last upgrade.  Would love to pick photo album or create new album when adding pictures.  Would like to set as default on news feed wall to be most recent.  Also since last update I am not getting notifications without just randomly checking. Then most of time they are hours old. I liked it a lot better when I was getting notifications as they happened so I could reply to people sooner.
Love FACEBOOK. but... it freezes sometimes... still upgrading to 2 stars :)
On galaxy nexus. Black screen on load up and have to force close
Had to lower my ranking. After seeing the iOS app released today, this is a sorry state of an app. Loading.........
I cant even change my relationship status from my phone. I was able to before. HELP!
Its speed resembles the thought process of a 5 year old
Tells me I have notifications but can't look at them fix it!!! :(
The new updates from google and you have made this app slow and freezes up
Chat is currently busted on, the Droid bionic. It just says loading contacts all the time
My facebook app worked fine until this update came out. Once I updated it didnt want to work at all and was slower than my grandma on speed racing in a turtle race. With the brains behind software and all the apps we use why cant they get these things right or make them right for everyone. I am not happy and actually thinking of unistalling the app on my phone. Just saying if it isnt broke dont fix it!!!.
I seldom encounter problems during my usage before the latest Update. But the Latest Update on this App crashes.
The new update causes it to fc, I can't figure out what's causing it, it seems to happen randomly.
It rarely wants to load on my Samsung Droid Charge. Even the mobile website won't load. Doesn't matter if I am on the network or wireless. Sometimes rebooting the phone helps but I should not have to do that. Very frustrated.
Ever since the last update this app is very slow, and locks almost every time opened.  Not even reboot fixes the issues.  Alps it is insanely slow to load content even on my 12 mb connection.
Suck
It used to b an alright app until the recent update...keeps on force closing, what is this? So annoying, please fix this!
All the new changes suck! I HATE the timeline I'm being FORCED to adopt. I can't stand seeing all the 'likes' of my friend's photos and pages. WAY too much information! Its overwhelming.
read everyone else's comments and you'll know.. I've never had forced close issues until this update. seriously, get cracking already and stop playing around. put all that money to use and give us a decent app already.
Does a FB app really need to use 18MB of space and not be allowed to be moved to the SD card.  Then launch it once, use it for a day and another 10MB.
You have App and Widget problems. Widget shows absolutely nothing since that stupid update.
Freezes constantly since last update
Regular force closes on the most mundane actions, like scrolling the feed.
This newest update keeps force closing....FIX IT NOW PLEASE
Android phone version for Droid Bionic is okay but needs more robust sharing features in future builds. On my Nexus 7 tablet, the app is terrible and has no ability to view friends photos, likes, etc. Latest update doesn't correct any of these problems and now it's unstable. You're better than this, Facebook.
It kinda suks cuz its not the new fb its realy old nd it cnt retrieve things lik it should do so if u could fix these things tht would be great thax u
Crashes whenever I try to upload a pic to Picsart. FIX IMMEDIATELY!
For arguably the most used app, it is allow and has poor functionality. FB better hope Google Plus doesn't get its act together or people like me will be gone.
keep getting a pop-up saying the this app has stopped responding, do you want to close it?  ....EVEN WHEN I'M NOT EVEN USING THE DANG APP.  soooooooooooooo annoying.  Please fix this.  This has occurred since the latest update on 8/22.   Galaxy Nexus
well up until today when you updated I had no issues , but now it wont load , it force closes and now its a waste of space that I cant get rid of....please fix this  while your at it fix it to were we can share topics, and also allow us to movd to SD card...dropped it down to 2stars from 4stars
I love facebook but im alwas having to unintall annd re innstall bcus it wot connect its not myy service its the app
It would be nice to actually pick a picture and view it. Too many "Can't retrieve picture " notifications. How hard is it too get this app to work? Come on! Keep it simple guys!
At times it tells me "Facebook has to stop" blah blah blah. I can't see pictures sometime. Takes a very long time to load. Needs some updates !
Crashes almost every time I try to use it.
Facebook file size its blew up every single day...its annoying..
Keep sayn I cant upload my pics
i am no longer getting any sound notifications from this application and this happened after the latest update... SAMSUNG GALAXY SII T989
After updating this afternoon (8/23/12), the app frequently stops responding, freezes, and force closes. Please address this issue.
This is great but it takes up a ton of space! The newest update automatically downloads data after I clear the data cache. I ended up  uninstalling because of the footprint.
I cant play videos need ro fix it
keeps crashing !
Freezing very frequent, need fix it & provide move to sd option
Why cant i upload photos to a specific album through my android!!  GRR! Just posts as a status with a photo-____- fix!
Facebook for Android is up and down. They release a good version, then updates it to a ducky version, then a good version, and so on. Right now, after the Aug 23 update, it sucks. Force closes on me all the time. I should've known. The previous version was good so I shouldn't have updated. Should've waited for the update after this one.
Updated today and it is freezing up a lot and very sluggish when it is working
sense the update I can not upload any pics to facebook... Very frustrating!
Every time I change my profile pic it freezes on that screen after it done updated acording to my computer
RAZR - freezes when I try to upload a photo, have to power phone off to unfreeze. Refreshes while I'm scrolling, keeping me from seeing all posts. Sometimes it force closes. Frustrating because not all posts are seen on my RAZR that are on my computer - some family members never show up on my phone, but are on my computer. Fix it, I'll consider more stars.
cant upload any photos since the update. gs2.
Ok! But except for freezin & forced closing!
Horrible.  Can't do anything on my new S3.   FIX PLZ!!!!
Ever since the update I can't view pictures when I tap on them and it constantly has the loading circle in the top right corner. HTC rezound.
So I updated in order to get huge screen consuming sponsored ads? Thanks
Please stop focusing on the look of the application and really work on fixing the back end of the application. Constant freezing, extremely slow to load content, keeps popping up no connection. Please FIX!
updates only making it worse and worse, rarely forced closed to all,the time? no...and all that memory?? NO
Freezes too much after last update.
Not too great after this new update. Force closes a lot and locks up my phone.
Post barely show up etc.
It's a black screen that is frozen. I can't use my app!! :(
It won't even load since the last update
It used to work.  But no longer loads on my Verizon Revolution.  "Signal Lost."  or some such nonsense.  Everything else connects with no problem.  POS.
Last time i updated it changed how i can upload my pics before i could upload any category now only upload into mobile please fix this problem....
I dont like the short cuts
Despite the HORRIBLE reviews for the lastest update, I went ahead with it and soo far it seems to be working.
Was working fine untill the last update now it force closes every freaking time please please please fix this!
Totally crack  22Mb ..... Need to reduce size
Takes too long and pics don't load quick enough, never really see the news feed in full and pics flash! please fix!  ;-)
I continuously have to uninstall and reinstall in order for my notifications to update, won't load friends pictures very frustrating please fix!!!
I have the ATRIX && since the the new update its been crashing and not loading properly
Doesn't FB have some of the best programmers on earth? The Android app is slow garbage.
The features would be Goss if they worked. Chat is the worst.
It always force closes since the update! Galaxy SIII
The new update is good  but it force closes the app. Please fix it
Doesn't show birthdays and freezes almost every day!
After this latest update, the app has crashed every time its been opened. Prior to new update app was functioning properly. Hence the 1 star review
After the new update it won't let me post any, pics from samsung infuse... :( I have tried several pics even turned the phone off and on yet nothing..
Slow.
This app worked fine on my HTC evo shift until recently. I got all of my push notifications and then they just stopped. Now it's telling me that my phone can't get push notifications anymore, and it's a little irritating. I've had to switch to friendcaster, which I really don't care for. Please fix.
Still no change in how this is working, seriouly need a better app. PREVIOUS POST- This works horrible, forcloses, can not use status update. Add photos or anything. No good.
after I made the update I could not upload any kind of photos to my facebook account
Too slow
It be better if it would let you change your relationship status!!!!! And its slow as hell!
Having trouble updating my status on facebook.
my complaints are the same as most peoples. facebook is a pretty big deal, this is one of the most used apps on the market, yet I use my browser about half of the time.
New update keeps crashing when posting.
all pics cant be viewed in groups
Its way to large, takes up to much space. You cant transfer it to your sd card. It locks up. In general, it sucks. But, its just a little better for accessing FB on your phone than the full site...
I have refresh the page like 5 times for the info to show the chat is getting better but stiil need to be improve and we should be allow to copy and paste n as soon as u press the person name in the chat all the convo history should show immediately
Mostly is awesome yet it keep forcing close or not responding. Please fix it ASAP! It's so annoying and boring to restart the apps while reading ppl posts! Thanks!
This app isn't what it used to be, finally uninstalled it and my phone is actually running so much better, the app is slow, freezes, and effects, my whole phone, revamp the app and maybe I'll try it out again.
Keeps forces closing ever since the recent update...
Atleast they r working on the bugs. Problems just keep getting worse.
An update to fix this app for galaxy tab 10.1 pleaseee.
After updating, it just keep on not responding. Plss fix.
No sound since the most recent update. Please fix.
Updated my facebook app and now I can't see my own updated status nor when I comment on my friends' statuses'!  Please fix this and give me back the old app!
The new update is messed up....it flickers all the time. It takes forever to update and makes me post my status several times before the post gets on my page.
why is it keep on force closing??pls fix it
I haven't been able to open it since it updated. Was a good app.
This app has LOTS of issues. It no longer connects faces to phone books. It doesn't update,  it doesn't work properly at all. LOTS OF GLITCHES. They really should fix this.
Fix this. Now.
Alright, I had no problems until the new update. I cannot update my status anymore! Wtf guys?! Seriously!!!! Constantly lags and is just crappy after the new update!!!!
Never can load photos and never loads pages first time i click on them. Disappointed.
Hey Facebook, remember when the search button actually initiated search?
Buggy and slow
I dont like the new update! I cant update my status unless I add a picture! It sucks!
Stalls out and freezes now
Keeps freezing up and force closing on my EVO. Uninstalling the update until it's fixed
Ever since the new update it's forced to close every time I try to open it.
The new update made the icon for the app disappear...
Since the latest update the app keeps force closing. It's very frustrating!
This app is lame. Loads slow if at all and has refresh and resizing  problems. Only plus is it gives easy upload options. I just use the opera mini FB add on because it actually works.
would love to see a tablet ui.
Love fb, but my app only works 10% of the time. :(
I just received the update today. Let me say that I am not a happy camper! This application continuously crashes with this latest update.
Since your last update i have been unable to update my status, it keeps telling me "cannot post update at this time." also i have always had trouble loading pictures.
Every single time I update I end up with more problems with this app. Very nearly to not using due to laggy speeds, freezes, force closes, delayed visual refreshing.
So many updates.....no fixes at all....come on!!!!
Working ok now but take forever to load a photo. Gezzzzzz.
It was a great app, but after this last update it has been force closing/crashing a lot. Never had that issue before.
Great app
When I get a notification, the ringtone isn't goin' off now since the update.
Can't upload pictures now and I'm forced into stupid timeline. Facebook is a master of if it works fine F with it until it sucks.
Too slow...nt satisfied,take tym to load..
How can Facebook continue to get this so wrong?
New update stopped the ability to tag photos on my EVO 4G. Uninstalled update. Please fix.
Facebook will not load my notifications.....
Way more slower...HTC evo.
I can comment on pictures and posts from my tablet but anytime I try to update my status it says Facebook has stopped working and forces close.
There is a new problem everyday
So slow. Scroll has a delay to my touch that I'll never get used to. Also a battery hog.
No notifications! Unbelievable lagging!  Chat isnt loading at all!!  Stop letting 4th graders program this crap!
Mark, You made it worse? The twins app would have been way better.
It freezes all the time its so annoying!!!!
This app gets slower with every update. The size is getting too large for what it does.  Can't move to SD.
I still despise Timeline. I used to be notified when my friends updated their status, can we have that option back?
Most of the picture won't down load it annoying  sometimes. And pictures won't upload
Cannot post status updates!  Please fix!
Half the time the pics won't load. Force closes quite a bit too. Doesn't have all the features it should. It's easier to just use the mobile web version
I keep getting an error that its not responding and I have to force close it
Do not like this app on my phone....whatever happened to PRIVACY!   Would like to eliminate it all together, but have to keep up with my Church communications!
Can we have the option of where we want to place our mobile uploads? Specific photo albums etc.
Alot since the update, not able to retrieve notifications, and still can't share pics from news feed. Plz fix
Still very slow with new update you still can't copy and paste please fix this! There is no share button to share random photos and videos.  Even worse on tablet with no tablet view.  I would expect much more from Facebook.
No unsubscribe option. Cannot save photo to SD card. Does not default to recent stories.
Too dangditty slow
I love that i can get facebppk on the go but the notificatons dont show up n when i go to look ay a pic in viewr it never comes up cpme on now mr mark zuckerburg cant ur team of facebook experts fix these little bugs for this version of the app?
Really new update is horrible can't post on friends page plus it keeps freezing. You should have left it alone all the update did was make it worse.
The app, much like Facebook in general, is going the way of President George W. Bush jr., it's cheering worse and worse the longer it's at the head of it's category. It's bad and getting more so.
And I have 4G so it ain't me
Never had an app force close solo much... this sucks. I liked the update til it force closed like 10 times
The new update needs help... crashes a lot on the S3
fix it guys, otherwise good features.
Does the dev team even test these updates or do they just keep pumping them out monthly in order to look busy?
Literally, if you are on 3g, don't even try.
Constantly freezes! No bueno!
Constantly freezes! No bueno!
So you completely rewrite the code for iOS but leave Androidians to suffer FC's, lag, and overall slow transitions. Smh...
Thank you once again for making this app even larger then it was already!!! Its want like I needed the memory or anything!!!!! Booo
Oh look! Another update that doesn't fix crap. What a shock.
How about you guys get a clue and try using your own app. It's slow and just a pain to use. The iPhone devs seemed to have had better schooling than you clowns ... you couldn't even just copy what they do correctly.
Is someone getting fired after the epic crash-fest update that went live today?
WTF? New upgrade force closes every time I try to change my profile pic. Fix and will give better rate...Galaxy S 2
Slow...takes forever to load....won't always load pictures
wont load the notifications
Updates to this app has improved its functionality but not its performance.This is still a bloated app that needs refinement. They latest update crashes too often to be considered usable.
Jeez. Facebook for my old Blackberry worked better than this piece of junk.
Pictures are extremely slow to load and it sometimes freezes all together while doing so. As of lately, I repeatedly receive the 'connection lost' error, and have to reboot my phone to get it to work. Hey Facebook, how about spending more time fixing things that are broke, rather then things that aren't...not to mention your obsession with collecting our private data...
Can any  one tell me how to open page messages this is insane. I can't really read messages this is almost useless for page owners specially when it comes to business
Quit changing things please. I lost my button to sort my news feed chronologically.
Add the dislike button that is on the computer...
Poorly laid out and frequently "loses connection" when the phone has internet. Samsung Charge.
I don't see a difference
Buggered. I had to uninstall and update twice. Timeline takes a longer to cache, pics don't load at all. Another shiny step backward. Moto Droid on wi-fi.
Everything is so out of proportion.  A tablet specific version could easily cater to larger screens, the iOS update was pretty solid. Am I a second hand fb user cause I have an Android tablet?
How come we cant change our profile picture
Every other week, suddenly, i can't view pictures. I have to uninstall and reinstall the app and it works fine again.. For a couple days
i just updated the app and it crash 3 time already!!!!! , why?!?!?!??!!??? and for the love of GOD!!! add "save pic" option plzzzz i dont think its that unbelievable hard to add it plzzzzzzzzzz
Been working on freeing up some space on my phone, being an Android, doesn't have that much on board...then this update came out and I am back where I was! Says it takes up only 11.10MB, but it's nearly twice that. Will reinstall and rate 5 stars again once there is a move to SD option.
the latest update ruined it. force stops and lags and doesn't load pics. why ? why would you put an update if its not fixing any bugs or anything ? we were happy with what we have. fix ASAP please.
You messed it up again. I get notices on my phones notice bar but the link sends me to my timeline not my post. I am not getting all of my notifications inside the app nor can I scroll to all of them. I haven't tried uploading pics yet...but given the problems I'm having just trying to get in the app....sighs. uninstalling this update.
The Facebook app has always been slow on my phone, so it's not very enjoyable to use...
This app always takes forever to load pictures. I was hoping the update would fix that issue. I was wrong.
Why update something if all it is gonna do is force close every two seconds??? I really would like if I could chose my own photo album. I don't want 1000 pics in my mobile album. And I would like to be able to mass delete photos as well. Having to one at a time is a pain.
Since last update the app crashes a lot. Sometimes it's logging off without any reason and that's really annoying.. I expect more than that from such a big company as Facebook..
Needs to be updated. Slow as heck, pictures, messages, and notifications take forever to load IF they load. App is junk.
Great!!
Okay, not only can't I ever upload pictures to the album I want, but I can't ever delete statuses or comments. If I rub the screen, the x or delete button will pop up, but for a second and then I can't get it back to push. It would be lovely if someone can actually take this into consideration. It's really annoying.
It needs to be able to store on SD  card to big
to many locked issues goin on, never had this problem before, i cant even log out
It's incredibly frustrating when it takes a full minute on full 4g to see one picture. It's more frustrating when it constantly reloads the feed when I don't touch reload. DROID RAZR MAXX
It doesnt load sometimes and pop up appears saying force close on my RAZR
Slow and buggy
They need to get rid of timeline!! Thats the biggest problem to me! Takes forever to load! Lots of times i can't even simply leave comments. This is ridiculas.....all the problems that everyone else has listed i a having. Now i cant even click on pics to leave coments!!
the update has made fb freeze and then forces closes a lot. Its annoying especially when I'm writing a message to someone. Please fix!
The app works well most of the time, but occasionally loses connection when commenting or updating a status causing you to have to type it again. It's also lacking features like editing comments that you can easily run on the mobile version.
New update keeps freezing and asks me to wait or close.  Please fix.
Forces close way too often!
Way slower and force closes after update.
Alright app. Read the comments and fix these things...the official FACEBOOK app should not have these problems nor should it just be alright. Revamp this app. Please.
garbage app crashes half the time.
Its faster now. I will give it two stars for now.
Keeps foreclosing since the update.
Why was this option removed?!?! Now i have to fight yo move photos on a normal computer...i agree...bring back album upload choice!!!!
i've increased a star for this update..but please make it little faster..
I just updated my Facebook and it's not allowing me to comment more than 2 sentences? Seriously?
Sweet
This app really sucks lately, It runs really really slow and never let's me comment or like something it always tries to go to mobile FB when I do click on something and never lets me open anything :-( Bummer it used to work just fine ..What happened?
Just updated to newest version...it keeps crashing
In the newest update I noticed you can upload more than one photo but when I tried it it only uploads one of the photos. It doesn't make sense to have the new function and does not work. Please fix ASAP
Why don't you introduce app to SD card... This app eats 17MB of my phone memory!!!
Since I updated it been taking long too load anything and I have the droid it fast but since I updated is been bad fix it or let us have input asap thanks
Everytime I get an update, I have to unistall and re-install.
Horrible!!!
This sucks
Latest update has been locking up the ap and my phone!  Had zero problems right before updating.  Fair warning given.
I can't view comments on status updates. HTC EVO 4G.
It keeps telling me can't retreave nofitications and some times automatically exits
FYI- I deleted and reinstalled now I am really in FB hell. Seriously. Shouldn't have done it. (Banging phone on head)
Pls FIX the apps that can allow upload photos to SPECIFIC alblum your want, jz like to iPhone fb app, pls!!
Why do most updates take away conveniences and preferred options? If it is not an improvement how can it be UPDATE
Please add inbuild Unicode support  Or separately as a plug-in...  Thanks..
Nice updates to the look and feel, but FC issues need to be resolved immediately. It force closes on me 100% of the time, and the longest I managed to use the app after this update was only 3 minutes without freezing up....
Wtf did u do with this new update??? I keep geting random freezes and Fc since I updated....
I can't upload pictures. It fails to upload them. Please fix that. Apart from that everything else seems to be working.
What happened can't upload pics, our update my status...please fix...
Just updated the app. It keeps on hanging whenever I go to view a profile and a box pops up, asking if I want a tour of the new timeline or not. Either button I choose, the app will be forced to close.
photo uploading isn't working for me now....Samsung galaxy s3
I think you better stop updating it just making it worse
Is there any up dates for this?!!! Always saying i cant log in even i have internet service on my fone PLEASE UPDATE
Edit Profile should be added.
One of the most popular and the most crappy app.
I like it . But I would like to choice my where my pictures go in stead of mobile uploads all the time & its slow sometimes but other wise I like it
It always force closes && freezes !!!
Too many ANRs!!!
You know the app sucks when the FB app loads five times slower than the time it takes for me to open and load FB in my phone browser even after several updates
Yeah it has better features now but since the update it keeps force closing or just constantly freezing each time i try and open it.  Dissapointed.
No longer get a notification sound. updating statues leaves out the "area" you're updating from
At the begining it worked perfectly, but now it just keep stop working, needs to be updated
1)it sometimes stucks when i opened any image n just keeps on loading..  2)we cant copy any note directly from the feed.. If these two probs fixes i will give definately 5*...
It's gotten slow majorly. Seriously not cool.
Force closes alot.
Most of the time it won't let me post a status. Or says connection failed tap screen to retry loading. Also will go to any page including my news feed and it will keep going to the loading screen at least 3-5 times. Pls fix then will give more stars. Also half time can't post a status, share or tag pics or when click on pics they won't load. FIX! also notification load errors all the time.
The layout is nice but it keeps force closing and it's really slow. It would be nice if there were bug fixes and if the app ran faster, especially on older phones where the processors are half speed of the galaxy s3. I'll rate 5 stars if faster and no bugs
But it takes a lpt of mb
It takes up way too much space and it can't even be put on you SD card. I use the original version that came with my phone instead of updating to any of these versions. But I will once this version doesn't take up so much space. HTC EVO
Too many bugs, it always pop up "force close", it wont let me check in, it always have me online when im not! Some needs to seriously fix this.
Still says "no groups" after the 11-13- 2010 update, srsly 3 months?! Wouldn't it be better to release a feature when it works? Gimme my groups, cmon
Copy and paste feature !!
With each new version it gets slower,  freezes more often, and crashes more.  Samsung galaxy S.
Slow, freezes and black screens. Update sucked.
keeps saying loading after update..fix it
Best
After looking for a way to change my profile picture for half an hour, it seems that there is no way to do just that. This is an annoyance because it forces me to upload the picture to my computer and then change it from there.  Also, simetimes it will not load  anything when my phone has been and still is connected.
It's lag!!! Slow loading!!  The previous version had a smoother experience
Suddenly can't share pictures at all...  Kind of the point for the app as far as I'm concerned.
To those who don't like the update, uninstall it. And if you can afford a cell phone with a plan, you can afford a decent computer so get a computer since a cell phone is meant to be used for mobile communication and not just Facebooking!
Its good but since i updated its freezing all the time now...super annoying...fix it plz
not getting wall post notifications
Keeps force closing after newest update!! Please fix! This app is good though I have some issues I'd like to point out: 1- it keeps loading & doesn't open photos alot of times. 2- it doesn't let u share other peoples posts or photos. 3- I can't copy any of the posts or save any of the pictures on fb. PLEASE fix these issues they are very annoying. Thank you.
Keeps force closing after newest update!! Please fix! This app is good though I have some issues I'd like to point out: 1- it keeps loading & doesn't open photos alot of times. 2- it doesn't let u share other peoples posts or photos. 3- I can't copy any of the posts or save any of the pictures on fb. PLEASE fix these issues they are very annoying. Thank you.
I prefer the iOS app than this.
You guys have developed a lot of updates EXCEPT for this one. The app is taking up way too much internal storage space.
Have to force close to get it working again
Have to force close to get it working again
Compared to FB on the browser
Sometimes when I try to do a check in, the application hangs and is forced to be destroyed..also still not sending my comments on posts
Please fix the pic viewing. Sometimes the pictures wont load. And fix the accidental likes...
Hopefully update will improve photo bugs.    Sure would be nice to load more than one pic at a time!!
Only works for couple of minutes, then always error loading
Keeps freezing up my phone, causes the menu options to flash. Very annoying.
About half the time it doesn't connect. The other half the time it works great
Can someone tell me how to upload photo albums. Or if that's even possible on Xperia S.
Takes ages to load. Sometimes pictures don't load at all. Not a good app. Especially for such a huge site
Can't upload any photos.  Single or batch.  I like the batch feature. Hopefully you will have it working soon.
Move app to sdcard. Motorola Droid X
Sometimes it wont let me post my status but other than that its good i guess
Since new update its plating up!!!
Just had to reinstall. It was totally unresponsive.
Its sorta slow
50-50
It must be possible to decrease the size of this file. It's just too big!
Some features missing from real website. Not so easy to co.prehend everythi g that is gojng on on your wall. Sometimes it is co fusing and is easy to miss rhinga
The latest update really slowed everything down. It takes several minutes to open and update.  Wish I could undo the latest update!   Haven't tried to upload any pics.
A bit slow compared when surf using browser..
Freezes up too much!
Force close always...
HTC EVO 4G- loading and photo problems seem to be 10x better, but it forcecloses every 5 seconds now...plz fix bug!
not BAD!!!
Please try again later! Ever since the update, this is what I get. Frustrated!!
It consumes 22mb entirely......of phone memory...Facebook you better need to do something abt....i'm uninstalling
it is a great app... however it would hace got a 5star from me if not for the no connection and auto reload while i am reading a post...
Its average ... Not very good
Slow
It crashes after the latest update.. Says some ssl issue.. Fix it plz..
Everytime I send a message it says its not been sent when it has fix please.
Keeps on force closing.. =(
I just dont like that it takes too much space and doesnt let me move it to my SD Card! -____-
Really uses battery up, even when not used often
With the most resent update posting statuses has gotten retarded. Half the time it wont even post them. This app used to be good now its becoming one i rarely use. You think since this is one of the most used apps it would be at least decent. Please fix soon. & w/o creating more problems.
Unresponsive and force closes, problems commenting on photos and videos. Especially after update.
The most recent updat (8/2012) crashes constantly.
Fitur timeline dan pembicaraan grup ckp bgs, tapi sdkt bth waktu untuk menunggu. tapi pda dsrnya sangat bagus.
Since the update it keeps crashing and requiring a force close. It's making my phone run a lot slower as well! >:(
The previous version is much better, fix it.
Make this app like the IOS version please because that one is a LOT better.
slow enough
I have to go to the main website. I can see all post but cannot make a comment using the app.
Why can't this be stored on the memory card? This takes a huge space on my crappy internal storage.
F
so cool
Keeps force closing an giving blank screen. It runs slow after recent up date an refreshes slowly.
I don't understand why there is no "share" button below the posts. It has like and comment options, why not share like we see in the browser.. very strange!
One of the least user friendly applications on android
Since the recent update Facebook is slow for Android phones best just to use a bookmark and it all works.  I can't change my cover photo using a photo in another album. It automatically selects album photos to preview to everyone on my profile when I upload the new album. Why can I not choose my own? Facebook needs to be faster. The processors in my Samsung Note should be good enough even if it is from Korea.
the only prob i feel is for instant msging we have to download another app
Force close issues are annoyin
Sometimes it takes too long to load pictures...or doesn't load them at all.
wow.... nic
This latest update is no good...constantly going to force close...frustrating!
New update is too slow. I recomend dont upgrade this. Force close always come. Its hanging...
It's very average and sometimes slower than the website. It also uses so much data even if it isn't being updated.
App crashes at start
update完彈app
Hey app crashes every now and then after the latest update yesterday. Plz fix
After recent update I can't post to my wall from the news feed... have to go to my page to post a new status
Make a share it on mobile devices!
Cnt post on wall... cnt upload pic...
After new update all it does is crashes nd give closes all the time.Just leave things alone
Its a good app...but it takes too long to load...now I dont get force close issue on my galaxy ace...it have the option 2 go offline and online but that doesnt work...it shows online from mobile 24/7...fix this plzz.
Keep having to reinstall on my lg optimus
So many bad reviews. I don't use FB ap much myself because it doesn't give you the same options as you get using the full site. If its so bad maybe they need a new developer? Original Motorola DROIDX
My only issue is that I cannot find my videos which were have been on ages.x
Always forces close after the update!!! Sgs3
Just got a new phone and downloaded the facebook for android app it is an older version it keeps saying a newer one is available but can't get it!!
Please fix....and make like friendcaster
Please fix....and make like friendcaster
While the app has improved in load times the widget is still knackered...the only way it will update is if you use it to post your status...bit pointless right now...GET IT FIXED! *update* Widget is now totally useless. Once again, you have ruined it with the update, I've uninstalled it to get it running properly, pull your bloody fingers out!
Since the latest update, Facebook keeps crashing, forceclosing and generally being slow.
It works real well
1. loads very slowly 2. pics are cut from right side 3. says 'no connection'even if I sit next to the router 4. notifications looked load very slowly   all in all, a  TOTAL SUCKER.  don't download
Need updates.... Very slow. Iphone version is much better and faster
RUBBISH APP!
Please make it able to transfer to memory card  it occupies majority of my memory please fix :)
Worked for 5 min an now they dont even appear..?!
hey :) love the actual app but the home screen widget is continually saying refreshing statuses no matter what wifi network i use! this didnt happen before the late update :/
Force to close. Stop to work after i post anything on the wall.
I will get an error every now and then when I go to update my status since the new update. It will tell me that I cannot post my status on this time line. Other than that I love the new features.
Loading times are a pain, force closing since latest update
The app couldn't load my friend list, displaying error message: "Content too large (length unknown) : 650000" Please fix the bug asap ! Thank you
Doesn't always work. One of the worst made apps by such a popular Site.
Does not work on WiFi connections. So slow on 3g.
Won't let me download pictures! HTC EVO 3G
Take a long time for load
Friend search function needs to be more user friendly and intuitive. It should be a one click function rather than buried in links after links.	Friend search function needs to be more user friendly and intuitive. It should be a one click function rather than buried in links after links
New update has RUINED IT ! Doesn't even start at all now. 10 out of 10 for not properly testing it...0 out of 10 for the app now. Well done (sarcasm).
this is a good app bit it sometimes doesn't load or freezes!
This update sucks keeps force close every time i try to get on...terrible...
Messaging doesn't work correctly, often fails to connect to the internet and generally slow. Little support for events.
Force closes since newest update... Please fix!!!
I updated facebook for android on my xoom and now I can't open the app.
Slow but sometimes fast..
After update to the newest version, the app always crash..new things maybe
Awsome app guys thx any one who got black ops ps3 1v1 jedi_bros
It works great , it is just that after the last update. Push notification doesn't play any sound like before. Using Galaxy S2. Please fix it then I will give better rating.
Very slow, sometimes crashes.
It has no video calling option . Even I have front camera. Worthless!!
Initially takes too long to load
Come on Facebook! Youre the most succesful social networking sites in the world and you cant make a better working app than this one? SMH -_- oh and it would be nice to be able to fix my privacy settings on this app like i can on a desktop site...please consider that
good app bt it need more improvement..
It's a good app but the pictures aren't showing and doesn't connect all the time. HTC Incredible
Since last update thus keeps crashing and force closing. Needs sorting asap please!
Keeps crashing on ny HTC starting to bug me
Its ok based on the fact that it taked to long sometimes to load up
Getting much better
Works fine when it actually works. But it force closes every other time I open  it. Annoying.
Keeps freezing and forcing it to close  Slower than before for opening pictures etc.
Forced to close after update
Facebook is a distraction to allow us as humans to be okay with cognative dissonance. Eventually we will have telepathy.
This app is quite slow.  It always has been.  The app was better than the iOS app though.  This may be changing now that they have released a fifth version for iOS and is now completely in bed with Apple.  FB you need to fix your FC, slow pic loading, slow newsfeed nav, and other issues.
U removed option for moving photos to another album and also uploading photo to any album..  Plz bring it back I dnt want to upload all my photos to "mobile upload" album
New update makes Facebook keep crashing and force close, need to fix this
It don't go on my sd card on htc explorer so I carnt up date anything
Its okay lots of glitches
Keeps force closing after latest update, more than a tad annoying.
No notification appear.. Poor Update!
55555
I allways close it easily while i sign out it takes time to sign out but when i lock ma fone while signing out and unlock it back then i found its already signed out :) try this way guys.. A good app but i have only issue tht if i want to save any pic i cant save it... The other prob is display picture when ever i want to change it, it get automatically zoomed which i dont want please fix it.. :) thanx
Very slow. Keeps closing. Sound notification doesn't work anymore. Top stories always default. All very frustrating. Samsung  Galaxy Ace. Please fix
Very slow. Keeps closing. Sound notification doesn't work anymore. Top stories always default. All very frustrating. Samsung  Galaxy Ace. Please fix
Everything works fine, except when I upload pictures all the upload notifications would get stuck although the pictures would get uploaded anyway. I can't erase any of them from the pull down notification unless I restart my phone. Please fix! Also, none of my contacts show up when I try to tag, nor would it sync with my existing contacts in my phone.
getting a bit better!
NO Forward button  and back. please fix
generally, the app runs faster and freezes less often.  And the appearance of the mobile app is more sleek and user friendly. However, loading photos in a timely manner, not even close to being improved. It's a fail most attempts. And the app is a serious battery drainer whether open or not.
This app has been re written from scratch on iOS devices, I suggest u do the same for android
so slow and heavywieght
Very slow
Its gud.. Bt vry slow! :\
Wish I could share pics onto other peoples profiles
Since update app keeps freezeing and phone runs slow, plz fix as unusable at the moment
By reading everyone's review I'm pretty skeptical about what I should do.  Status mood:  Undecided :-(
I don't know what facebook did, but the app is working great on my phone. It still lags a bit every now and then, but it is so much better lately. Photos load faster and so do the pages and profiles I want to go to. Still 3 stars though since it could still be a lot better.
This latest update sucks...it tweaks and I can't even look at my own profile. Also, I don't get some notifications and when I try to post something, it wont let me. I have to make sure I copy it or else I have to retype it.
Fb hang on me after the latest update when I try to upload pic using s 2.
It's not so slow anymore. Works just fine. It could be better though
As an app it's great, although the new update causes random force closes.
Updated this yesterday and ever since it had been crashing and freezing on me, needs a new update
Please add support to move the app to SD Card, phones with less internal memory like mine are greatly affected.
Force closes won't up date statuses half the time come on y'all can do better
- Can't select/copy text. - Can't share/tag. - Quite often face the 'force close' crap!
Vtvvt v vvgv@gtgg @v. Vttvvvvtg5tg5 vvt5vtg@ttv. Vvvv v/
The app was working great before I downloaded the most recent update. I've had to force close more times than I can keep track of.
Facebook is my primary social medium but I neither like the app (huge memory hog, questionable user interface, few settings...) nor do I like theit privacy policy or copyright attitude.
Why the new version getting worse? Keep lag & force close! Pls improve......
Keeps force closing, and takes forever to download, forget about opening pics takes super long :/
Needs option to share
Like it, but too much force close and things not loading.
thnx a lot guys...nw i can always b in touch wid ma frnds
Its face book... *shrugs* It'll do... For now...
The app CRAWLS slowly now.. and freezes - looking out for an updat ASAP
My notifications don't show up right away, it shows I have messages or whatever but doesn't show me what the message is or anything. I wish that would get fixed otherwise I love this app.
Keeps freezing and force closing. Please fit the issue!!
I like the new update so far. Loads very quick and im able to upload photos wayyyyyyy quicker than before!  I will give it 3stars now and if it stays the way it is ill give it 5.
Its so slow, uptade,change...I thought, It could be better ;)
When i open a photo on fb the app show another ! And can u tell me y this a very big increase in a size app ?
When are we gonna have the "Share" option for link updates.?
Where I will be able to share things,and download photos :-(
the app it's more faster now not as fast as iOS version but more than before, still don't know why this app is more slow on android, guess it's cause i'm on GB?
As a facebook addicted teen, not being able to update your status/be the first to comment on any post/photo is quite annoying. Forced closing and freezing my phone is starting to bug me. Please fix?
Not so good, but not so bad either. Still prefer to use browser than this app. With that said, FB still haven't figured out mobile I guess
It isn't that bad on the explorer.
On my Xoom, this app is horrendous. Very poor use of space! I'll be looking at alternatives. However, generally fine on my SGS3.
Two suggestions: can you make it easier to upload pictures to any album...and also being able to share a page or post...
What is going on?! 25mb and still unable to move to sd card!!! Im sorry... but some of us dont have that much room on our phones and we would like more than one app... please make this possible and you will be up to 5 stars :) you were pretty much their before the update...
Ever since I updated on 8/23/12 the app constantly needs to be force closed. It is totally unusable because if this.
After the update today, I kept getting a non-responsive message on my GT-N7000. This sucks!
Freezes and force closes too much. Started after update. Please fix.
Seems to be running much better...on GB
after the update the application freezes every few seconds
pleasure speaking and meeting you all
Erg traag en loopt regelmatig vast.
Really like this app but it kills my phone memory. It flickers between 25mb and 29mb. This means I am constantly clearing the data to bring it down to 16mb. Can't the app be developed so some of the storage is on SD?
Watz goin on
After the update it won't let me upload pictures! :/
they fixed everything
Fuddu book
Downloaded the file only to get the msg that the PACKAGE FILE IS INVALID.
New update is horrible. Keep force close. Really disappointed.
Why can't I share or copy text FB umakemecryhard :(
Love Facebook, but this application has been laggy, slow, and now freezes and stops responding when I touch the screen. Has been like this for month, please fix!
Its getting better but still freezing up
File size just keeps getting bigger, seeing as it can't be transferred to the SD card yet can "edit SD card"
Every update is getting worse, this version doesnt work at all.
Since the last  update it forces close a lot and freezes. HTC one x
Please patch this application, terribly slow at best, frequently i have to force it to close. Android 4.0 galaxy s2
It does pretty well,Just Loads kind of Slow,wish it was Faster :[
This app is ridiculously slow.
Slow, unreliable, and poorly designed
iOS has the revamped version of this app. Shouldnt we get ours as well? The android community is large enough to consider both sides simultaneously.
Always not responding after update to the latest version … should fix the bugs … previously was alright
ดี สะดวก
The update fixed some of the problems. I mean, at least now I can navigate using the app. But there's still many loading flaws.
Push notifications not working on SGSIII
I miss being able to filter out all the like pages from my friends posts on my newsfeed on my phone  It makes keeping up with my friends a lot easier.
Use to work great now soon as I go into app I can hit the wait button but sometimes don't work and have to force close
It's overall slow to load and feels bloated.
It is a good app and keeps me in touch. Except it tends to force close too much and I'd love it to get back the old way of uploading pics into any album. I stopped uploading as many pics because it all goes to one folder and I can no longer pic one even if a new album is created! Hate it!!
Doesn't load photos very well any more fix now please , force closes often as well. And now chat is broken Sanyo zio
please fix
Just make it easy for us
Runs slow
Sometimes it works great and sometimes it's awful and glitchy. I really wish you could edit events or pages from the mobile app.
What happened? The update just ruined everything.. on galaxy s2 skyrocket
improve push notifications ASAP, add ability to post to MULTIPLE lists, not just one. Add support for jelly bean large notifications (like or comment from notification bar and add contact Sync. Fabeook for iPhone is much better but still very basic. Take advantage of Android and make a showcase app.
Uts ok, started go force close after recent update, had to uninstall update in order to work
When I try to open app all I get is black screen. Useful right?
The emoji thing worked once but after it stopped working. Goes back to that take picture, search picture, etc.
No page admin support and force closes since update. The worst.
Very good.
Everything about the new update is great except that I can't upload pics. dis needs to be fixed ASAP
Facebook...get your sh*t together. Force closes, slooooooooow ... so slow ... and it shouldn't take almost 5 minutes. Just to view a picture. HORRIBLE.
Everything seems getting better but the cannot-upload-a-picture-to-a-specific-album feature. Hope it can be added to your next update. Thank you!
Not as good as the iPhone version - newer versions are getting better though
What can improve... Remove a post more easily, share status, copy text,
zzzzzzzzz
Love Facebook its an addiction,  but with the new update I can't open the app and screws me with things that I use alongside with the FB app and I'm rendered to the mobile browser version. Help.
I like this app because its really the only way I get on Facebook now, but this app sucks because the scrolling action is too glitchy. Its like you will be scrolling down normally, and then it will scream down the page past 10 or more posts. Very, very frustrating!
If I wanted more app icons I would have installed them myself.  Please make these uninstallable independently of the main app.
If I wanted more app icons I would have installed them myself.  Please make these uninstallable independently of the main app.
Latest updates have made it slow, at times, and it crashes quite a bit.
I'm not getting notification rings only vibration. Please fix
Got a litttle bit better since the last update. But i hate the Emoji to the messages. And i hate the new photo uploader. Still cant edit anything, Relationship status/gender/aboutme ect. Ect. Fix those few things including taking up Internal storage, then the app is perfect.
Very inefficient. Scrolling on newsfeed produces endless loading screen. Hitting back after looking at a post brings me back to beginning of newsfeed. Can't zoom on pic if viewed with comments versus pic only. These are a few of my issues among others. Facebook is huge, so don't understand why so many issues. Same issues since last update. Since last update,works sometimes bit often force closes.
I love facebook <3  But it be going SLOW sometimes -.-tt
Blah!
Please move it to SD CARD
Does not open. Happening often.
I don't know if it's a server issue or what, but with this new version, it's Not letting me post to other people's wall.
Main concerns right now are the too often FCs and not being able to upload pictures to specific albums.
Está bom mas ainda há muita demora na abertura de fotos.
Please, move app to sdcard.  Motorola Droid 3
Its f'in stupid we always get updates last.
Always freezes when i go to check mail and never notifies me and forces close and says ive mail when i dont.... So annoying
Keeps freezing and force closing....and now it won't even open since the update!!! Going to go back to Friendcaster Pro!!!
Good but need more updation
Love face book
I would like to be able to take my friends in stuff. My friends never load in order for me to tag them..
I love the new update except for the fact that my notifications aren't reloading on the mytouch q. Please look into this! Its so annoying-_-
Fast....
While uploding photos, Location change is not possible after this update. Fix pls
Would be better if we can CHOOSE which album we can upload pics to.
Ummmmm how in the h e double hockey sticks do u tag now????  Thanks for messing it up!!!
This is the poorest app i have ever seen. Takes mamoth space on my phone and still disappoints by its performance. I am not gonna update until they bring something better.
This app is annoying now. Nothing consistently works anymore.
Its getting really old with the forced closed EVEN when the app isn't acting up! Ill be in the middle of something then BAM forced closed send error report! and its like 10 times a day! And it doesn't load properly especially when ur looking through pictures or something! I've found my self using the browser more often! Please fix I know things aren't perfect but my God
It is hard to upload photos sometimes
Latest update keeps on crashing on 4.1.1. JB on Galaxy Nexus
My phone doesn't have a lot of space and it won't let me move it to my SD card.
Fix this update!!!!
I never had problems with Facebook until now!!! Force closes every please fix!!!
it's getting worser once it uplated
App is always freezing since the update. Then force closing.
Just installed today and an now having a lot of 'force close' type issues
Cant view any of the pictures I upload from my phone. Wish i could get my moble fb back. Only good thing is messanger. Sucks
What's going on can't upload pics
Force close with new update please fix galaxy note
Since last update  now cnt update status keep getting error message
NEED TO LOAD STATUSES WHEN MADE!
is awful. Cannot upload photos at all. And what's with the spinning circle at the top?
It's just Facebook...
Would be nice if you can put it on the sd card
Why is everything in such a random order. I just want to see the just recent updates in order. I also want to be able to remove people from my updates feed from my actual phone. And there's all these advertisements mixed in and is bunk
To slow
Freezes and force closes every time I get on since the recent update!
Not sure what's up with this new release - it freezes up and shuts down on me regularly.  HTC One X.
Can't update not enough memory wtf yes I do man plz fix
Still not perfect but this update made it a better quality app. It took many many updates to get this app up to what the Facebook app should be . Now get it to load faster when started and not freeze and you will have a winner. Thank you Mr zuckerman for pushing your developers and realize that the iPhone is not the only OS to run on phones .
It makes mad because its very slow and wont work
In general I do like the app, but too often it is slooooooowwwwwww.  I also get random connection failures, and would love to set the news feed default to "most recent" rather than "top stories".
Terrible application. It does not feed me up-to-date post. Usually it gives me stuff that is an hour old, but when i go to mobile site, recent stuff.
Slow connection
It is soo slow loading on my phone. I'm installing and redownloading to see if it will work better. This is after I've updating and cleared memory with full service on my HTC EVO 3-d
This app is absolutely useless on Droid Bionic
My app keeps forceclosing and I tried to comment on someones picture and it sends me back to the top of the news feed...very irritating
It's an ok app but it is too big for my phone & takes too much space, making it crash a lot, I have a HTC Wildfire S
If you're used to using Facebook in a full web browser you'll find that this app is very watered down & missing much of the functionality you've likely become accustomed to. It's good for seeing the new feed & posting status updates but not for much else.
Stuck n Force closes some time.
It just need to stick with giving me the recent stories not the most trending
Yesterday when i updated the app i had access to the emoji now i only have the photos options when i hit the plus button over the keyboard
That's what the latest update brought. Thanks Jewberg.
There's probably a better way.
Its okay
Wavy
Since my update pictures won't upload .. help..
But too slow
Extremely frustrating, the app keeps force closing since I updated last time, please fix this.  I have not had issues before.
Like but it keeps force closing since the new update. Can't even do anything on the app
Meh
Latest update a few hours ago and not it is force closing every few minutes!!! Didn't have any trouble before the update, ugh. Droid incredible2
After today's update , the app has stopped responding. I get alert saying Facebook is not responding... wait or report.I killed the app several times but the alert keeps coming
Crashes every time now with out even opening on fascinate with the most recent up date.
Facebook app is improving wid each of its update...but also d size of d app is increasing..its now gone upto 20 mb nd no option to move to sd...dat consumes loads of internal memory...plz give an update to move to sd
Getting better.
Wont let me post satuses!!! & i  dont like how i dont have an option as to which picture album i want to upload my pictures to..and now the search doesnt work for anything other than friends! Noooooo!.please fix thanx
This app is slow to update. I will get a notice of a new message but have to wait 5mins or more to post. Force closes while typing.
No connection over wi-fi fixed! Great improvements to speed, too.
Chua Pasuso 4ever.
Chua Pasuso 4ever.
Freezes a bit. Loads slow. But when it works it's  nice
Doesn't have chat on Droid razr
With my limited amount of internal storage, i would like to move this big app to my sd card
Can't seem to search for friends......
Not so good android  facebook. Becuse ther work slow, Plese imprument.
Hey pls make this app better in perfomance , because some times it stuck or laggy , ASAP
What about the font??? I'm gonna go blind and you can't see it if there is any amount of sunlight. We need BIGGER FONT!!!
After the new update.the app crashes 9/10 times.bad!!
Its becoi g nicer but sometimes it freeze and dobt respont ...
Crashes whenever I try to upload a pic to Picsart. FIX IMMEDIATELY!
I hesitated on installing due to all the negative comments and ratings about it being slow and draining battery..but I found on G2 works really well. You can now pull up a picture and have the option to like the individual comments pulls up the page just like it looks on the pc, viewing tiimelines is easier as well! Haven't found anything to complain about and if I did doubt I would post it- keep feeding my social media addiction FB :)
Updated and doesn't work
I makes the birthdays off by one day. If the birthday is on the 10th it shows the 9th. HTC Sensation.
I'm using Galaxy series. It's been around 4 months I can't upload photo in the existing album anymore. All new photo uploaded will go straight to "mobile upload". Pls change it back to previous one. Thank you.
I can not change my profile pic.
The pictures and comments STILL either take forever to load or never load at all. Still has tab errors, also still wish we could close what albums to upload Pics to.
I like the app but they need to stop worrying about making it look and act like the desktop version...yes, its flashy and all but if I'm going to do more than look at my friends updates and comment and like things, I'm gonna use an actual computer...plus, my phone isn't the newest or fastest thing on the planet, so some of the new stuff makes my phone freeze and force close :(
I'm having issues just like the rest of the HTC one s users.  But for Pete's sake people stop complaining about a free app that like any other app in the world has its glitches.  Log into FB from your browser. It ain't that hard.  I'm sure the FB people will address the issue and release a new update.
I cannot share anything my friends have posted on Facebook. The option is no longer available to me. I can do it on my Kindle if I use the browser, but not if I use the software. I had hoped that this would be fixed on the next update but it wasn't. It is a pain to have to remember what I wanted to share and wait until I can get to my computer.
I don't know. Is it my phone or what. But it is getting crash every time I try to open it. Please do something.
Getting better but still needs work.
How to change my profile picture ? Venkatesh Prabhu
I love this app. I would give it a 5 star but I cannot get access to my friends list when I tried to mention someone in a post. Also I cannot search for people. It keeps giving me an error message. Please fix
Crappy app
Sooo slow, doesnt even load on my Galaxy S. Faster going onto facebook through the browser.
Why cant i upload photos to a specific album through my android!!  GRR! Just posts as a status with a photo-____- fix!
including the 'share' button
fine
Hope after update can solve my problem on failure to upload photo.
Huawei Mercury Android I am so disappointed. I have several issues. 1. I get all my notifications all late. Sometimes hours later. I click on my notification icon. There are not there. 2. When i want to check in a location and add a picture it doesnt let me unless i go outside. 3. This one is the major one that drives me insane!!! When i comment on someones status. I click on the notification icon and it takes me to my wall instead. Every time. 4. To load pictures it takes forever. I hate this one too.  :-\
Yes new update ! But it will crash on my Sony Xperia S
How can I go back to before the update? It keeps freezing and force closing now
Wont work it downloads but says don't have snuff memory but I got plenty of it fix plz
still buggy and slow even with  faster connection
Constant freezes & foreclose since update earlier today. :-(
very slow at times...
after update it not working so well... hope can do something make it better
The app could be a lot Better especially for a smart phone. It freezes a lot
Some times it takes a long time to load in mobile
Wish there was an option to just see statues not all the quotes and pictures from other things such as games and other websites.   And the time order is always messed up.  The first thing at top of my page was from 2 days ago.
No longer works with Android 2.2.4, HTC thunderbolt
slow.
Since the recent update, I lose connection, it freezes, and force closes a lot.  Fix it please.
Slooo
Yall should change the chat thing..because now its just like if  you were messaging someone...so can yall plz change it to how it was before..
Won't let you share other posts, but otherwise it's good.
Every few weeks the Facebook app just stops working and hangs at a black screen causing me to have to reinstall it. It's also very slow and doesn't give notifications. Galaxy nexus.
Can't share pics like I used to. Just says Cannot upload...
Does everything I need for FB :)
why can't " copy " the text through the app ? this would be great if done ..
Only showing my mobile  album and not coming up where your "near" when I update my status!!! FIX PLEASE!!!
Good app, works well.
After latest update today keeps locking up
Always forced closed after the update. Fix it asap!
After the new update, the app keeps forcing close.
When i comment on a liked page the screen shakes or i get error go back to previous page.
needs to b more better
Why is android phones so slow.. how can u make it faster
Its ok
I wish it would let me save it on my sd card!!! Takes up a lot of space on my phone!
its not updating my notifications
I cant upload photos after I upgraded to the latest version
Updated today now I cant update my status and it keeps force closing!!!!!!!
Very slow and laggy, comments take forever to post. Sloppy app. Thumbs down.
The new uploaded pics only show in the status but not in the albums !
Its an ok app just takes to long to load pictures
Slow and clunky. 93% of time I just use the android browser to connect to fb it's a lot faster and easier  Love fb hate the app.... Now that I think about it mos people I know with smart phones don't use the fb app either.
Generally nice, but is freezing and requiring a force close often since the update. I also get a "trouble connecting tap to retry" message when trying to view comments on some status updates.
does not refresh comments right away. I have to wait a while, sometimes hours, to see new comments. does not load pictures, I have to go on my computer to see them
I'm still a FB rookie, but I alresdy love it more, everyday! Thanks Marc!
This app always has a lot of bugs and images/notifications don't always load.
Never can load photos and never loads pages first time i click on them. Disappointed.
Latest update makes the app excruciatingly slow.
not as good as using my android browser ...
pretty convenient app but I can't view peoples about me
Really irritating after recent update..Fix it please.
the worst app ...trust me crashes half of the time ...very limited usage ..makes fb meance
If they implement better push notifications like there messenger app and have a smaller refresh interval of 10 mins it would be perfect
Seriously, it is the one thing that I could have used several times now. Hell, even let me just delete the post and start over.  That would suffice.
Uses a lot of memory and is slow.
Terrible, last 3 updates have done nothing but render this app usless on my galaxy s 2. If i could give negative stars i would!
It wont load who's online. It just shows pics and says everyone's offline.. all the time.
its cool but its starting to log me in
Not going to update. My fb apps working well so i am not going to update apart from that comments r not comeing well for new update
Better. Not great, but better.
Can photos be downloaded?
Unsync my contacts! I hate that &' my force close..
Keeps freezing. Also why does it have to scroll to the top of the page when I add a pic or post, especially when I have scrolled down thru the posts and then I have to start from the top again. Annoying.
After the lastest update u can't like or comment a status
The word spreads even faster now but regiteraton is diffult my husband gave up and doent have facebook I tried helping usless after
App is not the same since the new updates
Facebook crashes a lot with this recent update. Please fix!   HTC EVO 3D
Last update keeps crashing with ice cream sandwich on Galaxy S2. Last version better.
Slow & Laggy!
so slow loading all over
The last few updates have made things better. Plus the messenger app works quite well.
With the new update is crashing all the time! Please repair!
The updates are cool for my phone I wish u change more of ur personal info on the app
i made sure that there was a ringtone for alerts and it doenst go off.  please fix this
gd
I have trouble with arc s update. So I uninstall my last update and install new app, everything seems ok.
There needs to be an option to choose which Facebook album you want to upload your photos to. Photo statuses crash the app when you move out of the app or black your screen and don't upload.
Always force closes! When that's not happening its great.
Does a pretty good job but has plenty of issues...
Two issues won't let me upload pics and second not getting my notifications pushed to my phone. HTC Amaze
It can't syncs with my phone since I got ICS
Its ok when its not being updated and rebroken..
Slow opening and loading
It always Force close because i cant open a fuking pic
Needs to be quicker anf the fact it takes lots of time to send messages is annoying me and it slows down my phone alot but meh its okay
Nice
although it has improved. A little to be exact. But It is not enough. It is not good to hear that a large company like Facebook has failed to develop a excellent  software for their own industry.
although it has improved. A little to be exact. But It is not enough. It is not good to hear that a large company like Facebook has failed to develop a excellent  software for their own industry.
This app is crap it always freezes nothing loads.
Won't let me load messages. Says that something went wrong and continues to say it everytime I try to refresh SIDEKICK 4G
Can we get an update that will let me save to SD card? Or compress it! Geez!!
Update is great and all hut I still can't add a place, nor when I post a status does it recognise my location anymore.
This app could be better. It is really, really, painfully slow.
Badass..
But it's Facebook, so what can you do?
Needs to have a button for you to delete multiple messages at one time. Why would I want to archive a message that I no longer want.
Updates to this app has improved its functionality but not its performance.This is still a bloated app that needs refinement. They latest update crashes too often to be considered usable.
Cn experience improvement...
Photos take too long to load
It works OK..sometimes the screen goes blank while refreshing. Really need to add a video chat option like Google+.
It's ok... I prefer using fb on the computer cuz u have more options. But, I can at least download pics and status updates on the road. Using this app for anything else is pointless.
Please can you add options to "share" pictures and actually see how many likes there are on a picture (when your switching through on gallery mode), because it always get stuck at 98. Oh and can your Facebook Team consider revamping the Android Facebook app from scratch so its faster and cleaned up. Most of your Facebook users are android users, we should get the same updates. Other than that thanks.  Edit: cannot upload a photo album. Keep getting the error message "cannot upload (album name)"
You know I enjoy Fb, but too many times it says connection error.  It's really frustrating trying to surf Fb if I can never connect. Please fix that problem ASAP. Otherwise what's the point in having a Fb if we can't enjoy it!
Fails on new update HTC one x
Just did the update and its force closed on me 3 times when I was trying to write messages. Please fix ASAP!!!
Where did the option go to view your feed by time vs "importance"?
Its okay...
Always frozing, do not operate as fust and reliable as the oldest version. Hat it! Uninstalled
Okay so I was reading what's new with the update and well it said that you can create events well I see no changes in the app and I can't create an event :'(
Slow on android. Doesn't always post pics right away.
Its to slow loading and there's so much lag
Improve it more,want more upgrades.pPresent version is not good enough.
I like the fb app but do you think you can reduce the file size or make it able to move to your sd card
Notification reliability was improving on my HTC Sensation 4G with prior version. Now only notifies if someone comments after me on a post. Increased freeze/force close issues. Would be 5 stars if these issues were fixed & the ability to upload photos to specific albums (lost several versions ago) is restored. Also, a "Share" button next to "Like" & "Comment", which credits the original poster of a link/photo/status/etc, would be much appreciated. Thank you, developer team, for your hard work & dedication.
When it works its great. Other times its slow to update and load.
The facebook app was always great and worked for me, until the most recent update.  Please fix!
Better
Ups and downs, problems and some streamlined features every update. So average rating.
error when upload photos after new update
Definitely needs improvement. But it works.
There should be an app designed for tablets
Why can't I put my photo's in my choice of albums anymore I thought updates was to make this app better not make it worse and take good features away
Ever since the update, I can't upload any pictures. :( Also, it stinks that we can't choose which album to put pictures in. Only other issue is that some statues make me want to smash my head against a table, but that isn't y'all's fault. :P
Hasn't worked all day with new update
This new update has my Galaxy Note freezing up continually.
Emojis in messages....how?
good
Bad update : This update doesn't work!
We need the option to share posts, please!
Why update something if all it is gonna do is force close every two seconds??? I really would like if I could chose my own photo album. I don't want 1000 pics in my mobile album. And I would like to be able to mass delete photos as well. Having to one at a time is a pain.
Ever since I downloaded most recent update on galaxy s2 skyrocket I have to force close the app. It freezes and locks up. Won't be using it.
Losing interest in Faceplant overall.
News Feed keeps showing me that its loading but I can't view any posts! Irritating! HTC EVO
Finally usable again.
After updating my fb stopped and went blank... FIX IT PLEASE!!!!!!
App is slow, and doesn't appear to do ANY caching whatsoever -- but is certainly a data hog, using up the most data transfer of any app I have installed on my phone.  Did I mention that the app ignores any privacy and notification settings that you have set on your profile via the web? They are all turned back on my default after that latest update...another item turned on by default -- location tracking. Make sure you turn this off if you don't want it. Why does it need coarse AND precise location?
Need to test run more
Since update it crashes constantly!
Check-ins don't display properly in Nearby
I have a Samsung Stratosphere & have been have major connection issues even with at least the updates. It gives me the "no cennection" error constantly regardless if I'm hooked up to wi-fi or verizon's 4g network. Not happy!
Trust me it is.
Default setting should be recent stories not top stories. This would be a better app if you were able to tag people in a comment.
It takes too long to load pics and notifications..sometimes.please fix it
Facebook is great if you have 3G or 4G! But if you only have 1X then it works really slow! I personally don't like waiting 10 minutes or more for my news feed to update!!
Geez... your update is slower than ever!  Fix it please!!! I The comments won't load... then notification sucks too!!! My notification light stays on because the comments will not load. And its constantly refreshing!!! It doesn't stop! Ridiculous!!!
It didn't ever stop responding before the last update snd it was awesome, but with this bloody update; 1 star is more than enough.
Its not letting me click on my notifications.Really annoying.
Wont load fresh news feed threw wi fi good or pics
Would like it if you could change marital status and all that through mobile.but other than that its a great app.
I like it okay.
Bugs make the app keep force closing or not load ever since update. Prior to update still had bugs. Another app, I would have uninstalled already.
Lately, it has been malfunctioning and I've had to "force close" when I'm trying to tag photos. Other than that, works to my needs. No more, no less
Why cantI  post status from my phone
Since facebook mobile updated today all it does is stop responding , really people get your stuff together ! Very bad update ! FIX IT , before this was working great .
Overall the app is workable. However, there is a problem in searching for people, there is no button but done and x. If u click done nothing happens if u click x well automatically it will clear the search field. Another is the check-in. After uploading a photo and indicate the location using the places icon most of the time it wont give u any location. It would be best if u can enter a certain location then it would validate your entry just like using a desktop. I hope this will be fixed.
I have the Samsung Galaxy tablet and since the latest FB update, the option to update status has been removed. Also still can only see 1/3 of a picture.
Pictures are horribly slow to load. Still can't like the desktop.
I personally have no problems other than you can not change any of your information like relationship status or anything like that, y'all should fix it to where we can change that on our phones
I use the Facebook everyday; however, with the update today (Aug 23, 2012) I can't upload pictures to Facebook.  I fails every time I try.
Since the latest update I've had nothing other than freezing and forced closes. Sent error report. Hoping for a fix soon :)
Getting better!
Used to be good but now its getting harder to use. Can't see my friends pictures anymore. And I keep seeing ppl ive blocked plus what happened to the faces that was on the messenger
good
They claim it to be quicker and that may be but now it's highly unstable. Freezes after a while and requires a force close. Not a good user experience.
Not receiving any notifications & is not updating on its own. EVO 3D
With each "update" this app gets worse and worse. It's slow, freezes, force closes, won't give  notifications half the time, refuses to upload photos. What in the world are you trying to update? LEAVE IT ALONE!!!!
You guys blow. Stop sucking Apple's dick and focus a little effort on improving Android Facebook.
It only works sometimes ! But only a little!
The new update doesn't even let me read the comments in one of my friends post now, this sucks
Still no good. Doesn't crash but FB for android is still pretty bad.  I would highly recommend friendcaster as an alternative though
See above...
I hate the fact that I can't share a picture I see on Facebook through messages. I have to do it through email or Bluetooth. Please fix!
I want to choose my photo album when i upload photo.
Laggy on and slow.
Can't change banner thing on timeline on HTC Evo 3D
Notifications inconsistent. Layout is still nice and easy to navigate. Slow to load still, but much faster, whether on 3g,4g,or wifi, so must be app. "Cannot retrieve pic" pops up a lot... needs fix!!!
Advise : unistall and than install again. It works !!
Something is wrong with your new update... You might want to check it out. I can't read comments, if I try to it reloads the page like I refreshed it. I can't anything still, it's like a racing game if I try to. Still glychy. Please fix this!
(i.e) , not Ice Cream Sandwich, will force shut down. It ran well for me. slow sometimes due to sucky 3G.
Slow, freezes and black screens. Update sucked.
Its ok... But I really liked the original set up facebook started with at the beginning,this setup is alright though..
Ever since the last update,its been freezing up a lot and then closing. Just a minor bug that needs to be fixed. Other than that I love the app. HTC Amaze
we all want share link for vedios photos etc pls
Everything works fine again! Thank you for fixing the bugs, but still more that need to be fixed, but overall, it doesnt give me a headache any more.  4 Stars!
not getting wall post notifications
Love it
Won't display most recent info goes back a week and shows its info rather than what has recently been posted please fix
I use this in tablet then iaee problem. I cant see wall info photo bar T.T
Really bad on my Sony Xperia s since installing the latest update, everything on the screen will flash black most of the time.
force close when i open picture
Still not loading as it should and can't see pictures...
While loading the FB page getting Force Closed prompt. :(
thik thak chalta h yar
cant find any connection since the update.  everything else can find a connection.
What have you done? You better bring back the earlier update. This one is a total mess. Why call it an update if you just RUINED the application... tsss...
Nice apps.
Awesome.
When i click on pics they will not download
It little bit slower
Está Muito Bom!!!  LG P500 Android 2.3
Good app
college
Good
Thankss...
It consumes 22mb entirely......of phone memory...Facebook you better need to do something abt....i'm uninstalling
Add share button plz
After the last update,  the app has been crashing 4/5 uses..  Not a fun experience.
Easy to use stay connected!
When clicking on someone's pictures that they posted on the news feed,  it continuously tries to upload to view but never opens.  This started about a week ago.  Please fix!
the new update is okay so far. doesnt really hang on my samsung galaxy s1. works great! hopefully it wont suck in the long run.
Good ap
Everything Good Ain't Good 4 Ya!!!!!!
Coooool
It's good but it needs lots of updates I you want 5star than solve it
Often force close after latest update
Will not let me look at pictures, keeps force closing and freezing my phone. Please fix NOW! >:-/
Apik tenaaaann... :D
Great app. Keep improving.
Everytime i try to open it i had to forclose it, cuz the screen goes totally blank...
Not bad alittle slow I like newer look tho
Ever since update forced close on both tf101 and galaxy2. All from reading news to adding friends.
Can't get a notification on a video comment..  Can't read them at all.. I'm starting to hate Facebook.. Can't even use it hardly.. I get email notifications about comments and I can't even know what they say cause everyone I click on it my page just refreshes... Galaxy a blaze
High class software
Like it so far just please add the hide button for ppl i dont want to see on my page friendcaster has it :-) thank you
I really liked the update. It's much faster now. It can still be slow at times but at least now its bearable.,
Its ok not the best!!! Needs work!
I don't know about you guys but the update is way more snappier than there previous versions, I also like the new like button, its handy :-P
wow.... nic
Much better!
best app but lot of internal memory used...
Verdadeiramente uma BOSTA, depois da última atualização! Demora muuuUuito pra carregar, vsf
The app is excellents but the only problem is speed........
Good
The phone storage is very low for some of android users  I'm kindly informing to fix in sd card
Sayang ga bisa ganti propict di sini.
Pretty good
Locks up but not to often
I tried to install on my tablet and I received a package file corrupted message multiple times
Good
Love this just needs some fixing. Other than that great!
Awesome almost perfection....
It's very slow
it is very slow running app
Last update made loading speeds super slow.
needa to be updated more often
Everytime I log on my profile and go to my photos it says that the site is either moved or its .down please  try later then it freezes my phone. Please please fix!!!!!!!!
Less than 100 and more than 75 MB ram as running services is consumed even if we are not running the application. There are total 5 services and one process which keeps running ASL the time.worst memory management I have ever seen for any mobile application.
The app of fb is awesome but I cannot download the new update!!! Plzzz FIX IT
Happy 2 c the latest update which can now let me update many pic's 8 a time n like,comment & tag option on the pic. Bt want 1 more update n nt only me every mobile user of fb must b waiting 4 it i.e; the sharing option like in desktop n laptop. Plz. Provide this update as soon as possible. Thanks JAYANT BODANI. Email- jbodani@yahoo.co.in
Battery hog! Slow! Unresponsive! Wth?
dhb
It is ok and i will make it 5 star if you will have youtube downloader
Good
Not reciving any notifications ringtone. Fix it please!!!
hey :) love the actual app but the home screen widget is continually saying refreshing statuses no matter what wifi network i use! this didnt happen before the late update :/
Keeps crashing, force close
Bugs!!
ดีมาก
Force closes way too much even after fix permissions ....
THIS IS SO CONVINIENT.
It's more bater now And
Does not open. Slow even with wifi. Better off using the mobile site.
Getting better still don't care for the timeline.
Meanist
Works fine most of the time. In fact, today is the only day I've had any  issues.doing update right now
I still prefer the Android web version. You can't copy texts or images in the app :-/
why I did'nt find the text "via facebook for android" on every update status from this application? first, there was something like that. why now is not there? please add that text .thanks before
Keeps Crashing!
...
Works for the most part but every few days i have to re authenticate for no reason. Please fix.. Typing a 40 character password on a touch screen sucks
New update is great!
It did get better with the update
App has improved a lot i'm the latest few updates with the removal of those annoying icons and the ability to upload photos and create events. The next step is to allow creation of group events without having to select each individual person from your friends list. Even so, good job Facebook!
Uninstall and re-install totally.....then not freeze & Ok
it is so excellent si i gave 5 stars
App working better. But still can't tag pix
When the share button will be added?!
Nice
Its ok based on the fact that it taked to long sometimes to load up
Sometimes there is a connection error when wi-fi is present. That is a bit irritating.
It hangs alot during surfing....
Much better
I would like to be able to un follow posts from my mobile.
Better than before. Could be my new phone too.
Nothing  so special or  new
Is awesome, but the reason I rated 4 stars is because I can't mention my friends, if u can fix that then that would be great, and I will rate 5 stars.. ;)
Pretty good! Love the new emoji for the messaging! But a good idea would be to use emoji in our statuses! You know, sad faces, red mad faces, things like that! Then would be 5 stars!
Pics come up soooooooo super slow. A little too frustrating.
Much better now than it used to be.
The app keeps on crashing even before it starts up. The latest update is terrible, i've been unable to use the app since the update. Fix it asap
This app now works much better than before. It has almost all the options that we find in computer. The only exception is that it frequently hangs and not responses and I had to force close the app in my LG P-500 and Galaxy y duos. Besides, the app does not provide any option for PICTURE DOWNLOAD like a P.C. The most irritating problem that has developed recently is that Notification can not be retrieved for long long hours. It says 'time out' although there is no such NET connectivity problem. Pls fix it.
Love The new facebook!full with style,smoothness and very professional indeed! But slow at log out better fix that.
good
I would give five, if this app can move to sd because it really use my internal memory much. 20MB is too big.
It works good but some of the problems are that it is slow and the pictures are blurry and hard to see and it keeps saying foreclose and wont load it says can't load no wifi or internet connection please fix this problem  LG optimism
It is really useful.
News Feed Not Showing Up! Neither are the new status I put up with my phone! This is frustrating!
Für das laden von Text, muss das Programm zu viele Pakete laden. Wenn die Geschwindigkeit gedrosselt wird, kann man das Programm garnicht mehr nutzen.
add album wise photos upload like facebook for htc sense
Nice app .....to connect
enjoying using it. haven't come across any restrictions yet.
<3 IT,ITS AWSOME N FUN,  BUT JUST DONT LIKE THAT SOMETIMES IT FREEZES
Only one best chating side
its too slow aftr new update n face book fshuld fix some option to protect photos atlst it shuld ask for permission before anyone download ur pics
I dont know if it just with me but since the last update i cant notification whenever a friend messages me in chat  :( id just open the fb chat icon then theres a message but no notifs. I checked everything with my phone settings for notifs and sounds. But still i cant get any notifications:((
works perfectly but some features that work on my phone don't work on honeycomb tablet.
Still slow but thats it
Needs a few things but overall a good app.  Every android phone and tablet except the dx2, d3/4,  and galaxy tab 7+ as well as the Nexus 7.
I really love the app and I think there are fun changes to improve things often. My only request would be the ability to upload a photo directly into the album of my choice. Please consider it! :)
It's nice to chat.
Ok
New update really makes my phone lagg n frezee for 5s coz just to tell that fb is not responding. Plz fix this
It only needs change Ur profile pic
Why the new version getting worse? Keep lag & force close! Pls improve......
Can't share posts from other people and when u upload u should have the options of ur own wall or a friends wall
Ok needs more fixing smh
It works good , the only thing i dnt like is my i click on my notifcation, mail ,or friend requests it take me to a diff page to see it its not like wat the pics
Getting used to it
Fun and easy to use
After the latest update, the phone kept crashing and the app can hang.  When viewing the video comments, it'll lead back to news feed page.. pls fix!
This app is really good, apart from the fact that it takes forever to log out which is really annoying...please fix!!
Chat doesn't load the online ppl all the time other than that its great
Looks better made nice inprovments
Doesn't even let me updates my status! Very bad app.
Should be able to refresh when an inbox message comes in. It'd be nice if my status does appear as available because I'm messaging, using inbox after I set my status to offline
It's good app for sure but it won't let me see cover photos. Other than that a GREAT app!
lots of errors, crap interface
The facebook in ios works easly .
this is not fast very slow
So annoying that it doesn't support Facebook video chat but still awesome
Idk
I love the app now ! , but if we had a facebook screenshot button that would be fanstastic (:
GOOD
Please allow Mobile users the ability to <Share> links and pics. It is far too cumbersome using the <Desktop> version. Otherwise, perfetto.
I'm having problems with posting statuses lately. Please fix this.
I do a lot of chatting via FB chat and I found that the user experience has gotten worse. I dislike going to messages to keep up with my conversations. I would just push the back button on the previous version and be back at the chat home screen with the buddy list and new messages on it. Also, after the ics update, it was working smoothly with loading all my contacts, but now it's just frozen in the same state
Fast and nice
Better now
Nice application
I am satisfied with this app. Now I can check Facebook anytime and anywhere!
Fuddu book
Nice
Bokka
It didn't even let me install the update. It keeps giving me an "invalid packet" message.
Works as expected
Cool and grear... Easy access....
I can not upload pictures. The other way to do it is uploading one picture at a time...the application takes long loading. It works so slow. It is just not getting any better. Fix it so we can upload pictures please and more than one at a time.
Needs tablet version.
I switched to Timeline back a long time ago and love it EXCEPT the cover picture it won't let you move it, shrink it or zoom in and that's annoying because NOTHING fits. Very annoying! Please fix.. other then that live Fb
Running ice cream sandwich, have noticed several times during this week that newsfeed seems to get stick on status from two days ago, even though I've been on several times since. Apparently a cache issue.
Decent.
Fire
It says I dnt have signal when I do but it works good in mine  Lg optimus elite
Removed till there is a more stable update.
Extremely slow
The design is broken in my sony xperia mini pro. The notification popup box is not aligned properly with its top arrow. Sometimes the app is not respons properly.  Need the option for dharing.  Thanks Wahid
Its a thing of mass economic propaganda. Or purple is my cousins favorite number.
why i can not save the pictures by long press.
It keeps freezing on update
No notifications! Slow pic load! This app gets worse every time. Is a Apple spy working at facebook sabotaging the android version? Coz iphones fb works..
Although facebook web has many features, the developers have tried their best to reflect the same in mobiles, i have a couple of enhancement suggestions, create polls and To make the poll options visible. And to i find few problems in tagging the names in a comment,
Nice
It was force closing on me but I installed a signal booster app n works almost perfectly now
Facebook is our living room.
Every update makes it worse. Aren't updates supposed to FIX problems? Can't get notifications, says not connected to internet, and I miss messages because it doesn't load right. Wouldn't give any stars, but its required to leave feedback. First timeline and now this crap...going back to livejournal! Would go back to myspace, but they're just as bad!
Could Do WAY BETTER .
ดีนะ
I really get tired of being notified everytime someone comments on my stuff or what I've commented on. Getting an alert at 3am is not very pleasant
Like new update
When we getting an update on fb I sick of how it looks now.
The way we could share pics and news like in the web
Messaging takes a bit to refresh. Other than that. Works great
It won't let me update my info? How do I do it? Other than that lovee ittt
Wint let me upload pics at all
Sweet
Nice but not like apple
much better then 1.9.7 evo 4g
Its a fairly good facebook app. Sometimes things will be different from the computer version, however its good for a quick check...:)
Good stuff
What was life before facebook!?!
Sometimes pictures don't load but otherwise its fine.
U really needa fix the new update for the android.. Since I updated my app 2day I have to keep retyping posts before it finally posts them.. So not cool! Luckily its short status' becuz if not I would be really mad.. Thanks in advance!! (:
Need to put a share link button like you have on the Desktop site, and a dislike button such as a hundred thousand other people have said before.
The new News Feed SUCKS!!! I could care less who my friends are now friends with! I miss the old feed that just showed status', links and photos.
4 star for you Mark :D
Nyc app works well but takes a lot of time to load pics and this thing just eats up all my memory after a month this thing reaches 22mb and thats actually y I hv to uninstall it every time which is really not cool !!!!!!XD
Problem with viewing pics on my galaxy s2  Keeps going to a black screen and not viewing the picture. Have to tap like comment bar below picture to interact.   Please fix so that when you Actually tap the picture you view it!  How hard is it!
I like the easy access it's fast and easy to connect with people I just wish it would be easier to find friends by typing in their name
new ver. is faster. better than old ver, but for photo sharing it's busy I can't share photo in backward album or other album cause I was lazy for found it . for photo sharing only I want it olded.
new ver. is faster. better than old ver, but for photo sharing it's busy I can't share photo in backward album or other album cause I was lazy for found it . for photo sharing only I want it olded.
Excellent
Its good... Bt some time it is not working just print on the screen that "network error"... And photo album customize is not facilitated...
So good
Its a good app but the notifications never show and the apps slow
This app is meant for my HTC Vivid
Fast....
I unistalled recent update. Wouldn't show me my notifications and stopped showing what was said in the notifications. PLEASE FIX!!!
Only one problem I can't download photo's you can with the iPhone so I would of thought you would of tried to keep the android version up to date
Chan ahe
If only I can see my fb skin
Finaly Fast! xD Jaja! r-r
Plz fix some bugs..nd i wont able to do anything..

When try to open,shows a message "CONNECTION FAIL"
Tap again to retry..:-(
great update only problem is that my pages wont load and cant upload pictures otherwise great app:)
Sometimes force close, but works well, needs to fix bugs.
only thing is let me be invisible when im not actually on the app!
this app fb one prblm it wil dont share and dont copy status... plz improve it...
Don't like latest ui
Why can't Facebook get it together long enough to create an app that works :(
Love it!
Was working great until this update, has made all pictures pixely...
You guys should make it to where I can update it..
You Can't Change Your Work Status With This App That's The Only Problem I Have so I Give it 4 Star's
Facebook seem to be failing and it shows with all the problems its been having
Love the ap, but its freezing and force closing since the last update
I get a ton of Null errors when I try and leave a status update or a comment anywhere and a ton of force closures. Its seriously p*ssing me off
Needs more inbox options, but works great!!
This update crashes all the time. Also, not able to comment or like things
Good.
Has improved heaps since last update
Faster than before
Best the app has worked for me in a long time. This update is much better.
This sucks! DO NOT DOWNLOAD! I have samsung captivate and it won't even load tha news feed. Poop has more use then this.
Just makes things mobile. Great app. No issues. Most people don't have rooted phones or understand how to fix their issues.
I love that I can access fb from my Android.  It's really convenient and I love most everything about it.  It can be dreadfully slow at times, and will freeze up occasionally, but that is the exception not the rule.  All in all a pretty good app. I also do love being able to upload photos and videos immediately!
Loading the desktop site is even faster, and also images won't load most of the time.
Like but it keeps force closing since the new update. Can't even do anything on the app
All
plss add share button
it cool
No connection over wi-fi fixed! Great improvements to speed, too.
It's good
Bueno cada vez mejor... Pero todavia le falta
... Its slow... And the messages dont show right away and I have to reload it
Facebook
Its awesome!!
Force closes at times....and I have problems with updating my status. most times I have to retype it before it will post
Its great app.. Some more features like FB album synch can be added .. (synch of FB album with android phone like picasa does it)
Very good.
Awedome features according to me.. speed incredile in my ph micromax aisha
Crashes to frequently.  Locks Opera Browser.
1.6 update is really laggy, and my news feed won't scroll - rolled back to previous version.
It does what it says... if there's any errors.. it's because your phone sucks.
better to have a option to download photos.
i  like fbook cuz me entretiene wen i have nothing to do..
Sooper
Nice application but takes lot of ram such that the phone gets freezed
Still no share button!!!
Update doesn't let me open app Crashes
The only problem is i can't access albums . On the ZTE XT9 . But aside from that its awesome thats the reason it's 4 stars not 5.
Getting better :)
Everything is good, but the emoji just appeared at the 1st time, then it just gone! (0_0)
Getting much better!
I <3 fb
After taking sumsung series phones i started fb and got 2 see salman khan fans so  much for reason i like sumsung and fb
I wish I could delete posts or status updates without having to use a computer
I can't share my friends posts like I do on the website without having to upload as a separate originating post... The app makes me download and upload the photo I am sharing as my own.  And instead of sharing it it makes it loom like I am the originator.
It has some loading problems but other than that it works pretty good.
Great options. And interface
Poop
Love the app after update this is facebook That I know. Thanks for this great jop! Keep it up.
Good updates. 3g slide
I can see everyone else's profile except ny own.
Just cant put me fone down now!
These other whiny bitches just need to get new devices or get over it and use their browser. App works fine. Never had any problems. I use an android bcuz iphones are crap. Keep up the great work.
Decent I guess on my Samsung S3
Works good.
App organization is quite well, but I can't give you the 5th star since I can't synchronize my phone contacs with my fb contacts. I really hope this could be fixed. I l've got the LG L5 612f
Doesn't even open for me anymore since I updated last night. Used to run great before.
bUt fiX cHat ...
Notifications don't show like they are supposed to, but other than that its ok.
Even after last update, STILL does not show profiles or timeline on android 4 devices. It only shows newsfeed and wall post etc. Other than that great app. Better than Winslows.
Worked fine until last update. Plus u cant copy and paste and its a hastle
Share option was the problem
Was cool but its force closing recently a lot. Annoying
It is good one. But notifications and messages are loading very slowly. Sometimes it hangs. Uff
Since the last update
It can be kinda slow. Sometimes! But it's still great.
New phone - now works.  Still doesn't work correctly with old phone, an Optimus S.
Really nice.
Better But Still lacks a little
Fantastic
Good for now
Smoother and more responsive...
Smoother and more responsive...
I am literally addicted but its so slow!!!! :p
Would be 5 star if i could change my relationship status in the app
It stright its slow but stright
Good job
Why the hell does it keep telling me i dont have the pushing notifi ation on...this is not the first time i downloadede it on my moto photon, so why is it giving me that information now
Now if only I can play my games via this app too :)
Love it i just hate that i cant upload videos
Can post now after last update, but the connection lost
Please fix the bugs refresh all the time by itself. Really hate this
Updated today, but disappointed that you can't disable or prevent the new shortcuts it makes for camera and messenger. You can't remove the camera shortcut without uninstalling the main app either! Common Facebook, I don't need this extra garbage on my home screen; if I want to upload my photos, I'll do it the same way I always have. I've maybe uploaded two photos from my phone to Facebook in the past year, so this feature is pointless to me and I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks that either.
Seems to be running fine. thunderbolt
I literally just downloaded the update and now my widget stops works. Kinda disappointed because that is how I launch the app. Can't do it now though and none of the status are even loading. Kinda not liking this as much as I did
Occasionally wont load some FB pics, but other than that its all good.
Why not add in "share" function? This is where FriendCaster bits this app.
Very nice App, but still trying to know how can i save an image from FB App
After the update, it won't let me upload pictures to any of my friend's walls.
Lost all my contact sync pictures
Auto updated this morning- now the app closes & forwards me to the mobile web version thru my browser - what gives? Fix pls
There needs to be an option to choose which Facebook album you want to upload your photos to. Photo statuses crash the app when you move out of the app or black your screen and don't upload.
khooooooollll...  : )
The app is good but can take some time before loading the pics and status but a good app...
Solved
Pretty good to me
Pretty good to me
I like this app.
When is the "Share" button coming to mobile?!
Its good. Little more advanced features is necessary, like online list.
So slow and laggy
I wil giv it 5 stars if it wil com wid sd card storage...
Good job with improving photo uploads ...much better. This update definitely was necessary. Keep working hard you'll get it!
Iphone users are raving about their update, why do you even bother with droid updates?? Stop wasting our time with useless updates! Stickz on a black screen, then force closes.
Why aren't you wussy little complainers using your browser (that's better) anyway?
like da app its gud
Quit changing things please. I lost my button to sort my news feed chronologically.
Its Facebook of course it has its defaults but i still love you!!
Seems to be working perfectly fine.
sometime fc after update in my htc 4.0.3 stock
Hn%n&fmigfifkififfmifkfijfkfm%un.yihgjmkghjgkgvvjifgjkhl
Getting better...make it move to SD
I guess its ok
Itsz aite, just kinda slooow D:
Newest version crashes more than the last
Updated : much better now  Update made app awful. Super slow. I use the website now because of the issues with this app. Uninstalled till fixed.
It won't update the statuses an force closes there's nothing wrong with anything else Please Fix Asap! Droid RAZR running Ice Cream Sandwich
The only thing I don't like is the pics sometimes takes too long to load. thats it!
Some polish and pizazz, and some animation like the new GOOGLE+, this app would be near enough to perfect.
Its free
Uninstalled keeps forcing closed HTC 4 G LTE
As above..  and it somehow load contents faster than previous version but it still doesnt allow me add/ upload photo into existing album.. correct me if im wrong. else,pls fix it. thank you.
Easy to use!
Only problem can't share post.
Vẫn còn chậm so vs facebook trên wp7
The only app that seems to have trouble loading can not use it at all under any wifi network and barely works under 4g however
The only app that seems to have trouble loading can not use it at all under any wifi network and barely works under 4g however
Good
Nice app. Would like to be able to change my profile pic. Don't have a computer anymore and want to change my pic from my phone.
Since last update, it frequently crashes on my nexus 4g.
Updated new version
Now being 17mb just for the app is just too much space being taken up. App2Sd would be nice
Gotta say it's alright.
Yaa and takes too much loading...
Won't even load after update!!! Great job!!!
So at first ever since the last update it would never load fully on my phone even over wifi. Then i loged on via pc and and did the timeline update that i have been putting off ever since it came out. Once i did that then i tryed again to log in on my android and now everthing works great! Loads in seconds over phones 3g and instant over wifi. Love the new update great work!
Need to improve more
Okay, not only can't I ever upload pictures to the album I want, but I can't ever delete statuses or comments. If I rub the screen, the x or delete button will pop up, but for a second and then I can't get it back to push. It would be lovely if someone can actually take this into consideration. It's really annoying.
New update freezes too often halfway through when I'm scrolling. Galaxy Note.
Keep trying!
Can not comment or like while looking at news feed on my HTC inspire. Please update.
I like facebook, and this makes it easy...
Better. Ugly photos over Wi-Fi.
For some reason the app is horribly slow! It's much faster on the browser.
Sometimes it fails but its still good
What a shittty app!
Its slowing down
Nota excellent but good
Being able to upload multiple photos at once and add a status to it when shared alone makes it an awesome update! And yes you can share any picture. Just click the picture and hit your menu button and it gives it the option to share. Don't dog it right from the start when you didn't research it better.
Fab app :-)
Fab app :-)
Fab app :-)
I would give 5 stars if this app can create new album and post pics in other album than Mobileupload
Haha
For an official facebook app this is shocking, so slow when it does eventually work (which is rarely). I'd rate it zero stars if I could
Npa sya x dpt install ni?
Love it! Thanks guys!
لازم يسوو حل لحفظ الصور وكمان اضافه زر المشاركه
Takes time in 2g
Had a few navigation problems at first, but now that's handled everything is great.
Very Good...It just needs faster loading and more options...more admin options for pages and renew interface a bit...Thank You
Slow but, all-in-all, a food phone app...
Definite improvements have been made. If they keep on this track, 5 starts will be the verdict.
Still 5 MB after moving to SD
I love it but when I try to search facebook user it a bit slow and I hope you can fix it...
Complete lack of testing...  i cannot upload pictures.
With the latest update the app is significantly faster and crashes less often (galaxy y)
Its good enough for me....functions well and i can upload,like,share,comment and all that....
Droid life reports execs at Facebook Fed up with the Android app problems have forced the app developers to use the Android version instead of the iphone version they normally use so they can see how bad it is. That's pretty sad.
This is good better then other facebook apps
Only good for reading the news feed. Everything else is weak or sends you to the horrid mobile or bloated desktop site.
I like it very much
Great app but slow
It's nice that I can actually use my GN to post status updates, but posting photos to specific albums is a must.
I would give it five stars, but whenever I try to view a picture it never loads.
Good
I love the app but I agree that you should be able to upload to any album like before.
Works flawless on nexus S I was so happy to find it.* Philip how is $3 for a quality game too much and 40mb goes to your SD card not internal storage
Works great
I love it.
Idk y everyone else hates this app it works great for me
Nice
Too many bugs, it always pop up "force close", it wont let me check in, it always have me online when im not! Some needs to seriously fix this.
Good
Still says "no groups" after the 11-13- 2010 update, srsly 3 months?! Wouldn't it be better to release a feature when it works? Gimme my groups, cmon
With each new version it gets slower,  freezes more often, and crashes more.  Samsung galaxy S.
Finally a good update!!!! It's about time they fixed it instead of make it worse. Timeline still SUCKS!!!
Ok but confusing
Nice
Photos cannot be uploaded at all!!!! I hv tried many times but still says failed to upload...pls look into this thnk u
Love it
Got to have it i goind friends i even forgot about its awsome
Its an excellent app. Now it is easy to see what's friends have done.Now no use of opening computer for a small task
Great app.
Awesome app if you have a decent phone
Nice
Don't ever need to use the website now!
To good yaar
I love Facebook! B-)
Total bug, often ask to force close, and not responding, hang often to after the new update
Like
Always use dis app coz its cool
it works so much better now
Everytime I have this app, I can't open any apps and my framework crashes. Uninstall the app and everything runs perfect. Screw facebook.
It is ok
The Best!!!
nice
Really Good app. Fast,quick and great to upload great memories !!! Thanks facebook... I have Samsung galaxy Ace
Star
Had to uninstall My latest update because it was enable to post any of my status.
haha nice
Can't see photos, can't like, no news feeds, add requests, back to opera. Worst update ever
Good
How does facebook have all these haters dude no one cares if you can't upload photos no our problem that you have sucky internet. Get some internet then start uploading and it works.
I dont know but it is really fast on my device
Don't work on HTC desire this update is buggy
Very slow !! very lag !! very bad !!
Crashes all the time ever since the update!!!
Excellent
Lovely apps
Nic and useful
Great app!
Very good way to keep contact with friends and family
Atom afhj
I like
It does everything that it's supposed to do. Good app.
Supper
I will open a pic to comment and it won't ever open up or if I click on a video to comment it will reset fb to the beginning of the news feed. Lost connection too.  Very annoying!  Fix it!
its cool
Tidy
verry good
I Live it
Its 1 of these things u either love or hate sometimes both, But i lovey it 2 keep an i on some ppl.lol
I've been waiting for it for sooo long!
Showing old news stories
Goooooooood
Now i can facebook without going to google chrome
Awsome app
Can't view comments since last update
it force stop app after update..errmm..
Its ok
Like
Need to be able to share pics, post etc on the application. Everything else is fine how it is.
Good
the biggest app in the world and its next to useless on galaxy s3 .crashes even more after latest up date, doesnt show notifications or comments a lot of the time .
facebook is in my blood....
excellent
I luv the new update
Love it
Hanna
Super
Nicee
Love it
Love it
Lol
This app is cool. It ables me to login faster.
the last update are Always force close  great!
Like
Won't open at all
It crashes after the latest update.. Says some ssl issue.. Fix it plz..
when we come online ....it dosn't show to another person on pc
keep up
Unbelievably bad. Keeps force closing. I assume you have some 8 year old "special" kid developing the app?
Super
This is hard for me to learn.
Crashes all the time and is very unreliable!
It really Awesome  ...
Mic hA el KA y MAckeNZie
Enjoy it
very good app, recomend!
This is the best app on the google app store.
Loads ridiculously slow, will not show picks on my page or anyone else's.....Sony Ericsson Xperia 10a.. Uninstalled updates & works much better
Luv it
The best
; )
i like it
try soo easy
Fh
Constant force close after update. Unusable
Great
I love facebook, it keeps me sane! :)
Facebook rule
Great app !
Works well on my smart phone.
fast.super:-D
Ok
Every one should have a Facebook for a fact.Its  the book you would never close(:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love it its so great
Works well with android
It's very slow.....
Since recent update it keeps force closing and wont play notification sound
It is very funny
so cool
Good app, but sometime simple web browser is faster...
Nic
Okla
High class software
No notifications. Nine hours to load a photo. Slow as molasses. FIX IT!
it works very good on my copy android iPhone。。。
Only nice time pass in Facebook friends in chat notification great Fb.
Its FB.
Amazing. :)
BEST.thank u
Cool app
Would be better if when you uploaded pictures of it allowed you to put them in the right folder :/
Much better now still needs a little more support
Face book would be a 100% better if there was an unlike button.everyone will say the same thing
I love Pandora they have the best selection of stations and music. Thanks again SUGA.
Good for everyone
Horrible. I want ANY any of the old versions back. NOTHING loads and it always says "lost connection."
Good app
Good
Latest update didnot works.
But need improvement there r some bugs
too . .  .good
So easy to scroll and find what you need! Solid app. :)
It's crazy, before I did the last update i  hated this app. But since I updated it it's fast, you can upload pix rediculusly fast and it's a new upload thing, load other people pix fast pretty much Eventing that sucked about the other Facebook doesn't suck now. Good job Facebook!
Great
Goin good
Sony Xperia Go Same as usual awesome
Please give the share option then it will be good
Im a facebook addict... & I approve this app...  =)
Very good
Labai gera programa:)
after de last update isn't working! closing by it self! Before was great, but now..... they killed this app...
I LOST MY ORIGINAL FACEBOOK ACCOUNT & I FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS, VERIZON SWEPT MY HARD DRIVE & I LOST ALOT OF MY CONTACTS & MY PHOTOS WERE CLEARED OFF OF MY COMPUTER. I LOVE BEING IN CONTACT WITH EVERYONE BUT I'M REALLY THINKING ABOUT GIVING UP ON FACEBOOK ...!!! TO MANY ISSUES & I COULDN'T EMAIL THE "FACEBOOK TEAM"
Painfully slow to open and crashes more often then not.
Great
boom
Find old friend
Find old friend
Ft
Good
It works great on my s3
It does what a facebook app should. Get over it.
Awesome app.. Bt there should be an option to download photos from facebook ...plz plz add this function...
Hey Facebook, the iPhone got a re-write.  How about using some of your BILLION$ to give Android some love??
facebook app i dont have to go on the internet
Good stuff
Love it.. Might not be able to play my games on my phone but at least I can keep up with what is going on...
Improved!
Improved!
ts awsome
Amazing app,i love it.It should get 5 stars
Bugs!!
Better
Good going
Now you can read photo comments. But couldnt like it. Please make that function.
Good
excellent
Why would anyone rate it down
Best Facebook app so far
Now ok.. Not loading to much time..
Haraka
No problems really with the app up until last night. It just stopped giving me my notifications. It said I had them. But wouldn't show them. Fix fast.
cool
Awesome Love it
Easy to use.
Once in a while it hangs up but I think that's just my phone acting up.
I love it...
Owns
Nice!! but got some lagging ^^
Messaging doesn't work correctly, often fails to connect to the internet and generally slow. Little support for events.
Good
It.s super i like this app thank you very much
Really aWesOme
Lot of buggs . Very bad app . Just lost hope in any good updates
Lot of buggs . Very bad app . Just lost hope in any good updates
As kramer says :  Buy buy buy
Omg I love the new update ........only thing is I can't tagged ppl
its good.
Sometimes a bit slow, but updates have improved the app greatly!
Nice app very good and easy to use. It has all the features too.
Works good, easy to use. Love it.
Cool app
Nice and cool app
it is so excellent si i gave 5 stars
Can't upload pictures and that's all I do on Facebook
Awesome, but sometimes takes awhile to load pages!
Love it
And why is it requesting Geo Location even tho it is turned off in the app settings?
Faster to talk with freinds
Best yar
Keeps forcing close after last update.
I find problem in downloading photo, by choosing the album I want and download again can't at all.I have to create a new album.I cant add photo to the existing album I have. But this function can be done for iPhone. If u could improve this it will be perfect!
Nice app but a little lagg
Force closes all the time. from the billions of dollars of profit, can't you make a website or app even slightly efficient.
The new ui for photos is awesome
It hangs alot during surfing....
it is cool all of them should use it. it is awesome
Sometimes a bit laggy, but great
Good app :-)
Keep up the good work
Its fast, has amazing graphics and never force closes!!!
Love it!
Ya buddy
Freezes on pictures constantly wont log me in half the time really poor needs to be fixed as soon as
This app now works much better than before. It has almost all the options that we find in computer. The only exception is that it frequently hangs and not responses and I had to force close the app in my LG P-500 and Galaxy y duos. Besides, the app does not provide any option for PICTURE DOWNLOAD like a P.C. The most irritating problem that has developed recently is that Notification can not be retrieved for long long hours. It says 'time out' although there is no such NET connectivity problem. Pls fix it.
works great
If was a share buton was perfect.
Perfect app
Works gre8z
good
Its ok
I really download my fb update yesterday but I can't see or send my status plz this update not gud it's gives me problem so much. Am waiting for correction soon. Thanks.
Great
Great
Saya sukaaa.
Ever since the UpGrade, I do not see any recent Updates on Statuses. I only see from 3 days ago. Also what's up with the archived messages?
very slowwwwwwwww!!!!!!
Decent app but why the hell does it need to be 20mb keeps filling my phone up when it don't need to, or at least make it movable to SD card.
excellent
best social app ever
Keeps force shut fix bugs!!
This app has been re written from scratch on iOS devices, I suggest u do the same for android
deserving
Love it
I use this app almost as much as twitter. What else can i say, its Facebook, baby!
I like it.
new update keeps force closing as soon as i open it plz fix
Love the facebook mobile app! I can keep up with my pages, groups and profile all from my phone. It even follows my fb setting of posting to my pages as my page and not as myself! (Wouldn't do that in the past) Makes keeping up with business a lot easier. Love this app!
Pathetic , worst app for android , constant force close and way too slow ,
most photos will not load. this is an intermittent problem but have stayed consistent the last few days
Luv it:-P
Cant/dkh tag anyone if sharing a photo otherwise amazing and super fast…some times
i'm addicted to facebook :b always on it!
Okla jugak
I love Facebook
Where'd we be without fb?? But I thank God that Jesus is greater than any spying issues!! C:-D
love it!
Top notch as always
Its most popular app so it shud b more better...!!!
Great app. Just wish I could save pictures to gine phone from this app instead of going online through my phone to save them. Other then that I love this app.
Fun...funny...fun
- Can't select/copy text. - Can't share/tag. - Quite often face the 'force close' crap!
Its Ok
100% awesome!!
Not sure what the issue is but it works great on my phone :-)
Love it
Every update has made this app worse not better... its so slow loading and notifications dont work. So frustrating!!
Awesome ***
Nice nw i get all d updates
Struck very often..cannot delete posts and reply
I think it is great
thnx a lot guys...nw i can always b in touch wid ma frnds
Works - Nexus
It is a great and fast app that keeps me in touch with my Facebook.
Good
REALLY enjoy it!
Excellent app.
Dunno why I can't upload photos these few days!! What's going on?
Good
Very good
Ok needs more fixing smh
Very good :
Bettet now
Nice
Best social network ever
excelent
Sucks
Perché
Why do I♥fb? Simple! You can create your own account(if you don't have one) and stay in contact with your friends from other countries! Cool,right? So sign up for fb NOW!!!
Love.this app
Nice
There is no way to view my friends' photo albums. Frustrating because in facebook for ios it works just fine and the photos icon is there. Why?
Minge
Minge
It's convenience and easy to use, good job
wellll...
Nothing more need to be said.
Excellent
I love it
Faster than before, quite enjoyable now.
Mad
Idk
superb!!!!!!!letzz fun%
Great!
I like this app its very useful
the screen just freezes..loads forever..  nothing happens..
I love this app, finding friends, talking to new people.
Worthless
keep in improve fr 5day
it's still a facebook afterall
It some times doesn't work!!
Love it
Cool update really uploads pics faster
Cool
1ch no ahe pan text copy nay hot
Version 1.9.8 keeps on freezing when on background. Version 1.9.6 that was preinstalled works fine. HTC One S.
Goooooood
Its very good for android
YES
allover its good.
Easy....
Love it
You put this as a 1 star app yet you still use it... SHUT UP
Basically this app isn't working for me and hasn't been since last nite. It keeps saying that the connection is lost even thought its working for all my other apps.
It works for my needs
It is amaze, I like it
it good ;)
So Gud for connecting with friends all around the world love it....!!
A perfect application for facebook .
Great way to stay in touch with family & friends !
good
Good
I cannot even get the app to load since the last update. Just get a black screen. Fix this. Then maybe 5 stars.
Nice
Its Too Slow!!.... Loading.  Make it Faster
Hey cheating girl one day i Will destroy you
Removed till there is a more stable update.
Forget bout adding other stuff just fix asap I hate it i'm never uploading crap from this facebook app again. Fix it. Fix it. Fix it. Fix it. Fix it.
Wanna fudge
Just got used to it
Updated ver. Is sooo good
Love this app
Ok
Takes forever to load and i.don't receive notifications anymore.
nice
Super
Great site
excellent app.....!!!!!!
excellent app.....!!!!!!
Although facebook web has many features, the developers have tried their best to reflect the same in mobiles, i have a couple of enhancement suggestions, create polls and To make the poll options visible. And to i find few problems in tagging the names in a comment,
Nice
Best giler
Prefer using on my phone than on a pc
Love this way of communicating:)
Awesome
The new update is so quick!
It's facebook. Come on people.
It wont let me do the update at all
Great
Its great
Amazing now! I can just smile and sleep better at night!
Awesome
i love this fb app
Suckz!!!!!! Can't post my status says can not post at this time please try again later 3 x !!!! Hate this update
Works great! No problem don't understand bad rates!
Good
ever since the latest update. Forces close and stops responding every time I use the app.
Works great on with new update
love fb..
Great app
nice
Like
Facebook I Love You!
Love this app
please fix
I think that fb is interesting. What don't. Catch on the news its on fb real talk....
FB what what
Good
Very helping
Very nice
Im not sure if it had an update or something but i reinstalled it after about a month because it wasnt letting me see anything and on my friends iphone it had an update so i figured i might as well do it on my Lucid so i did it and it works great again
Nice ap, very effective
Although I found like a lot of issues here but I still like this app so much :)
I love it cos its faster ..except the chat won't open.  Now with the new update today, I was happy that the  messaging window came with lots of fun emoticons to choose from and when I refreshed the page they disappeared.. :( Please add them again!! Other than that it's an ok update.
I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling. Claims my network isn't connected but, my browser and my twitter work fine with it.
good job ~!
Easy and quick to use
It downloads the whole app & then I get an error message stating insufficient storage place.. Please fix or atleast make it movable to the sd card..
H      Oi
I just need videocall!!
Nnnnn
excellent
Like this social network.
Love it
What was life before facebook!?!
Cool apps
Must have
I like facebook
Why is it taking so much time ugh
Good most of the time but sloe
Chat won't load friends online..it just refreshes non stop
The best website ever
A good app
Shows me a blue intro screen with the word FACEBOOK on it for 5 seconds (which is stupid and unnecessary, I know what app I'm opening) then my screen goes black and I get a FC message. Using an xperia arc (LT15a) running 2.3.4 FIX IT.
Great
I can able to mention the name. . Thanks you. . But Please improve it to become more brilliant and fantastic. . Such as change the style
I don't know if it's a server issue or what, but with this new version, it's Not letting me post to other people's wall.
I keep getting old fb its still to slow the loading speed also I think facebook should look better on samsung s 2 but it looks horrible and not ics looking
Ok
Continuous force closes after the update.. Totally unusable now..
Great app
Great app love it keep it up
:D
Great
It uploads low.
I had a previous review saying it was slow and laggy on my evo shift. After the recent update, the news feed scrolls without delay or lag. Everything is smooth. No bugs or anything so far.
Epic app gets better every day
Works perfectly!
Love face book
Smelly and bloody
Unable to view pictures contstantly, problems with logging on, closes intself constantly, requires forced close often, doesn't show likes, or comments until hours later, friend reqeusts often don't show up when I receive a text that they have. Other than those many problems, I do enjoy your app. Just make a new update, please.
Simple the best ever to approach your all friends .
Super
Nice fb
Awesome
Good app. Works fine with G2X
That's why I ent update it
Great app
It should go faster cuz it takes forever
Ever since I updated my Facebook app I can't get it to load. Everything else on my phone that requires internet to load works just fine..but not my Facebook. Very irritated because Facebook is the app I use most and now I can't use it.
Fantastic app
OK
It is very simple appz
Who doesn't like Facebook :)
Its owesome
Refuse too install this new update I'll uninstall and deactivate my account first. Why do you want or need all these permissions insane if you people give them all this access to your personal information like this....
Superb
Very easy to use and simple.
Easy to use
Easy to use
Really good. Only think is you can't zoom on the camera.
Kept crashing and forced to close after update!
Continue the good work....
Very user friendly
Normal
Great
yup
Happy with features of this app! Best part is that it is free!
Perfect on my HTC Sensation XL, except the fact that when I press the search button on my phone, the search box doesn't appear anymore... Like it used to... :O
Love it!
The new update is slow and doesn't let me access my timeline at all
Love it!!!
Love it!!!
I luhh diss
its excellent
Mira guay esta chido :P.
Facebook always amazes me
This used to work way better before now its kinda gey-.-
Beatiful
keep it up guys :)
Love it
wow dude this version really loks so fast love it
Good 1
Excellent
Dc cua no day
A lot better than the old app!
<3
Good
It really works nice
Super baaaa
Love it! So much easier then using the browser on my phone.
great on my Android
Couldn't update this
Browsing is best but downloading speed is the same
Very gud site
It works better than the previous one and also photos and videos uploaded faster than previous one.so i give 5 star to this version
It works
After using this app on many phones and tablets I now hope Facebook goes out of business so we can use G+ instead.
keep disconnect even with stable wifi lolol
Nuff said.
Great!!!!!!!
Il it
Like but plz stop updating already...
Just no . . . Wow.  Everything is so slow, never works! You don't even deserve one star
Great app
I have Galaxy S3 here in Philippines, Mindanao, via globe network. Fb runs great, no complains same with Galaxy Ace.
Every time I unlock my phone I see an ANR dialog.
Last update = improvement.
Gud
The Facebook application is perfection! The UI is so elegantly polished, and it works absolutely amazing on my Phone. I haven't had an issue yet, nor will I ever thanks to the excellent Facebook application team. I look forward to more great things! And as I say this, I'm using the oldest version available right now. Don't fix something if it isn't broken...
Excellent app I really love it
afyer update cannot open fb again
Superb...
Nice app
FB app is really gr8 and handy as evry1 uses FB mostly to be in touch with frens.
Great,but I think Facebook it self needs a ........
This is great! More power!!
Ppl, bug me. For those that can't understand how programs work, here... Just because you went out and bought something that connects to the web you automatically assume its the programs fault it don't work correctly...correction... IT DON'T WORK THAT WAY! Like transmissions in a car...they are not all built to suit...give a developer a break..its going out to thousands of dif devices...maybe you have issues on your end & need to fix that so its more compatible with what they developed and quit your bitchen.
I like this app !!!!!!
Best shiit ever !
Its awesome!!
Its good
freeezes tooo much!!
,)
it works faster
Very good.
Love it
Osm.....
I love the fb for android. So much smoother running than iphone
Was the best
Keeps freezing since update.
Great
Another update... And lots of force close....
Awesome thx to recent updates
Can't share pics nothing working right since I updated this sux. Please fix can't uninstall w/o losing my whole face book. Ridiculous terrible update don't do it people
Nice:-)
I love...its new version...... Its actual same as a desktop view....
This App Works Great No Need to Sit at the desktop for factbook I Can Do it All On Here :) !
Very good app
For an app, it's got everything you need with a few gems of desktop goodness. Works great on my LG Spectrum.
app to char n do fb all d tim !!
OK if it works
Nice app
No problems at all on the Droid razor excellent keep it up
This app sucks
Its a really kool app
Great
Keep up the good facebook team.
It wants more work in option like share and make it like the computer pleasr.
Havent been able to log in since new update HATE IT and why do we need the extra icons should be able to delete!!! wont ever use them
Great.
Do some special lah
Love it
Horrible.  Can't do anything on my new S3.   FIX PLZ!!!!
Lol. Life
The day after I updated the app it froze up.
Very good love it!
Fast and easy!
Update doesn't let me open app Crashes
Update doesn't let me open app Crashes
I finally have to admit, i love th-is.:))
ก็ดีนะ
They make bad updates so you go on website in a browser so they get money from adverta....duh!!!!
It won't let me on at all and keeps force closing horrible uninstall
Fdn
ok
The update sucks and i have to post my status twice its a lil irritating....
Get ful fb acess
Love it <3 I'm addicted to facebook
I really love FB its a way for me to keep in touch with my friends
Am not able to tag photos in Xperia neo
Love how user friendly it is
Love how user friendly it is
Much Better....
Goin ham
Does everything I need for FB :)
Very GOOD...!!!
Love it!
Doesn't FB have some of the best programmers on earth? The Android app is slow garbage.
I <3 fb
I <3 fb
Good
Good
Love the new update.. Now it is easy to upload pictures
Funsiona bien
This app is great:-)
Great, twitter is crappy
Great, twitter is crappy
woooowww
Very good app. You can use it for just about anything.
Cool
I love this app just keep the app how it is and nothing will go wrong
Still needs a dislike button
People are saying there having problems using facebook, it has to be the phone they have because I have a LG Viper with exactly no problems, no freezes or force closes.
I love it
Sweet bro
Ill buy 5 cents each. I want 10 billion. You guys own all the money on earth share
The new update sucks!  Takes forever to load and pics are so small you can't see them!  Uninstalling!
For anyone with difficulties on Facebook mobile this update will make those problems goaway with faster reseption, internet speed, and lots more to do!!! -seth
Hi is good app
Add share button  It is more useful
I would much rather use the browser to go to facebook, only use the app to upload pics.
Yes it's quicker, Gr8 Job...
Love it thanx
Fix this. Now.
I'm still a FB rookie, but I alresdy love it more, everyday! Thanks Marc!
This app always has a lot of bugs and images/notifications don't always load.
Its alright but its just that when I open the app then it loads its closes by its self
Good hav and fun chat. Great app.
Love this application. Keeps me in touch with my family in Puerto Rico, I live in Florida. Perfect for me.
K
I love fb
I'm addicted.
**********
I love it it sends your notifications to your phone!!!!
Haa
Ty
Best App NA
best app and working good in both phones s3 anf ace
I love it I fuckin love it
yes good
Too good
v v v good
Kool
At least I can look at it on my phone
mwaahhh
Nice
Great app
it's beautiful
The facebook app runs very well on my RAZR.  It has some problems with my Thrive however, stops working, doesnt load pages, and sometimes wont start. Its optimized for smartphone performance.
<3<3<3
Love it
Search button on my phone will no longer open the search page with the update. Htc evo shift
Good
Yea
Yea
Yoits cool to have something like this
I like the new update. How I can view and choose a photo to upload is nice and easy. I just wish I could also upload multiple photos and choose where to upload them. Thanks. Keep updating. :-)
I like this app
Works great on my HTC EVO 3D. Just wish I had a dislike button!!!!!!!
Good app
Couldn't live without it!!!!!!
so slow loading all over
I love it.
it is great ! than the free fb of globe and smart network it is fast and reliable...
Great app. Move through things faster...
I love the easy way to keep up with all my friends. Easy to use and flow of layout is great.
Cannot upload photos!
No way in hell my employer would allow me to release an application with this many bugs. Scrap this and start over or hire me. Can't click on notifications...wth...work around is to click on the line under under the notification you want to click. There are better FB apps on the market and that's a shame.
I try to scroll down but every time I "like" or comment someone's post the app sends me straight back to the top of the screen. Please fix this!
I try to scroll down but every time I "like" or comment someone's post the app sends me straight back to the top of the screen. Please fix this!
Cannot post status updates!  Please fix!
Never had a problem... It great ;)
A good app. You can do most thing like chat, 1on1 msg, but can't update your profile. That's ok, I just go online for that.
Love it
Its gud application
works great !
Like it yupper
Awesome!!
Great.
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Nice
It takes a year and a half to load something.
Love facebook keeps me informed of all thats happening with my friends all over the world!
But it is still not working, a lot of "force close" messages, and does not have the option to keep "most recent stories as default". It's a shame that this multi billion dollar company can't seem to hire programmers able to fix these kind of issues. Every 13 year old script kiddie could do it in no time.
I need to add a option to save the images posted by my friends. Pls.
Good
Great app
I love this app.
Black screen until force close
Amazing
I like this app.
;)
Everytime I go on Facebook, there is ANOTHER ISSUE. First, it would not update my news feed notifications and NOW, it will not allow me to post a status or a comment on a friends wall. Wtf is going on?!  Phone is: SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE ♥♡
A
On my prepaid cell phone by cricket lmfao
Badass..
v.s
Awesome
Keep the good job
Highly
Awesome
Can't live without it!
Is like been uith yours i love it, thanks very very..
I love facebook helps me keeps in touch with family and friends were ever i  am.
Improve it more,want more upgrades.pPresent version is not good enough.
Awesome
Complete GARBAGE!!!
Like
This new Facebook is ridiculous, for heaven sakes the older version did better than this new one... It freezes turns off restarts and doesnt send messages properly..
3eexv
I love it so much
its nice the facebook android
i like it so much~
Hi
I love Facebook
Fantastic job
LOVE IT I JUST WISH  PEOPLE WOULD REMEMBER KIDS DO USE IT. Too. :(
I can't see pictures when I click on them since the update today. Please fix
I wish I could upload more than one pic at a time from my phone like it said I could when I added it. Otherwise its a cool app.
good
Some time on face
There is a problem with the group and event...I can't add anybody to that please fix
Getting better
Love it I use it everyday
Convenient app
Convenient app
Convenient app
Silky smooth!
yeah right wat happen..... I can't upload any picture....
Hyfr
Great a APP
Why don't I get notifications when someone messages me?!?! Other than this issue it's great
It lags a bit but very nice app
Thank for the new fb
Great update, earlier had harvesting of orchads, later on was removed. Can u get the feature back.
Trust me it is.
I love it!!!!
Works awesome like it should
I love Facebook I stay in touch with my family an friends....
Best in the world for people to keep in touch with everyone in there life.
Nice
Must have app for Android phones. :)
It's very slow Shit I am gting bored of this guyz
Like how everything works & how it looks
An update which absolutely fixed nothing at all. Still can't upload photos, still freezes or just won't load at all. No wonder everyone uses Twitter now
This is awesome.
Great app
Awesome.
Awesome.
Its awesome
This update is horrible, takes forever to load, force closes constantly.. I can not do anything on this app update except be mad!  Fix.it.please.
Sweet
Facebook rocks
A good application
I love it
Love this app. Quick, straight to the point. Does get a little slow when I'm not picking up WiFi but what app does work when that happens.
Yay
Galaxy tabs are not popular. Apple iPad tablets are.
love it
Why cantI  post status from my phone
how could it be that the application of the facebook is still missing the option of sharingp photos and status publishes of others' profiles
Love it
Awesome app
Awesome app
I do not like timeline I will never get it one thing I hate is always having to double check an app before I download it to make sure it does not turn my Facebook page to timeline
I love facebook
The best way to keep up with our every changing world.
Luuuuuuv It!!!!
Cool
It keeps telling me can't retreave nofitications and some times automatically exits
Fast easy Facebook
Works perfectly on Xperia U
Great app
Facebook is god
OK it dose work most of the issues people are talking about can be address on your Facebook page in settings where it says account. You click the App settings section then make those changes you need to there plus other settings can be address there also under account.
Does everything I need it to ive never had a problem. Im very happy with it.
Awesome
Since facebook mobile updated today all it does is stop responding , really people get your stuff together ! Very bad update ! FIX IT , before this was working great .
Excellent
Its amazing
Please, please, pleaseee fix the photo album. Can't upload photos into a spesific album that i want.
:)
When I first updated it didn't work but now it opens faster Laird faster and us better love it
Fantastic app 2 stay in touch with mate's & family
Excellent app. Have had no problems with it so far.
Used to be good but now its getting harder to use. Can't see my friends pictures anymore. And I keep seeing ppl ive blocked plus what happened to the faces that was on the messenger
Great
Great
Very mad app download now
Get a life it cant be perfect idiots
I love it
This app keeps getting worse and worse!!! It takes forever for it to load even with wifi or 4g!
Great app
i love facebook it so fun
I already had this, but now it is 90% better. Thanks
You've had 2 years now and still can't get a simple UX in place. FriendCaster is FAR superior - use your billions to buy them out, instead of releasing these facepalm-worthy "updates"
Nice
i can upload pix,update status whenever,wherever!!
Its a good social application, but I wish I could play farmville.
Its okay
Addicted to it
Addicted to it
Addicted to it
Needs a few more bugs worked out
