Great app. Would be 5 star if some of the loops were longer. Add a dishwasher to the list of sounds. Droid Incredible
best app.
Amazing app. I love reading anytime I can. now if only I could rage at work :(
Why does this app need my contact data? I would like to upgrade but c'mon.
Great app my phone lasts much longer now. It would be perfect if it included 4G support but I know that's not for everyone. Great job!
Its fun, and works great BUT like other people have said it gets boring fast. Either add more clothes and accesories, or add hair colors or makeup or
It worked on my old phone. Had it replaced same phone. All i get is errors
Freezes and kicks back to home screen after intro.  Samsung fascinate verizon.  Worked before latest update.
Too many options or just too many steps at first look. I wanted a really really simple one. Could be great though, if you want functionality?
Swag
It kept turning on during class. Loud. It has a mind of its own, and that needs to get fixed. The battery got very hot, so between classes I took it out. This caused a lot of stress. Please fix.
Simply the best sync app available uploads what I want when I want no matter what network I can.choose works well with box android app with.free 50 gb storage please never update its perfect !!!!!
Awesome app
I like the game but every time Iget a call it closes and I have 2start all over Idont like that please add save opt for 5
Very vivid, it's one of the better live backgrounds with minimal lag.
Super hilarious. I ask her rediculous questions and answers she comes up with are priceless.
Definitely worth the money. I use my phone twice as much thanks to this app!
The concept Seems fun and the graphics are lame
It actually works! Finally a facebook app that works! Big thanx to the person that made this
There's something really satisfying about this game. I'm enjoying it!
Nice game, but m stuck at 3.13.... Need help.... Anyone crossed?
I have to say that this is my favorite alarm clock app. It has a lot of functionality and allows a lot of personalization.
Game wont play
Motorola droid 2.1: Works great, the auto skip frame comes in handy on my device.
Clean and easy
This gun app is amazing! Best one i think, on the market! The thing that makes it stand out from the others is that this app gives info on the gun!
Since t mobile duznt have the iphone this is really close 2 doodle jump my favorite game!
Best game ever! Please make more worlds!
The physics don't seem to be fully worked out as the balls will bounce at odd times and the overall response is too rigid.
Wont work on my samsung galaxy tab.
Great:)
Works good
Its a good app but keeps force closing which is really annoying i hope it gets fixed soon
But.... This seems seems to have gotten past the throttling problems couldn't break 10/k ...but its 300/k and climbing!
Fun game
Nintendo DS Brain age is better.  There is more variety of games.
Fantastic App when used together with Cisco AnyConnect.  Sound Quality on Galaxy S 2 is rubbish.  Please fix it!!
Not work keyboard on youtube search
Beautiful idea and execution. Needs a little time to figure out, but easy to work with once understood. Looking forward to buying the full version.
I actually live in Llano, Texas, and i must say this app is very accurate! Haha. It's great, I love it!
Will not behave as default calling app when using native android dialer, so uninstalling.
Just beautiful. Ridiculous customization!
This app really helps me to save battery life! I can have my phone charging in another room and text right from my comp! Works seamlessly!
Game is ok but some aspects are slow like dragging cards to discard pile. Needs some work.
Wish it had sound or something. It's kinda blah
Omg. So addictive!!!!
Most ideas stolen from Jump'n'Roll from the Amiga. The execution is okay, finding tilt to move ball through level very annoying.
Good game
Its lil easy after 24 i have to pay to play more
This app just keeps getting better. I have used this now on every major platform, amazing.
Simple yet very entertaining. Reminds me of old shooting gallery games.
Best app ever
Itz a nice game..
So beautiful Fish
Works well with ADW Launcher EX!
Great
Could be better.
Lots of pics
Its ok just got it and played it like three seconds lol : ) but now playing it
Can't uninstall.
Uninstall
it's so damn cool. i wish you would give us the option to have different stroke sizes too..
Great little app with a lot of potential, but sms split if I send large ones, and that status bar icon is horrible.
Had the app for over 6-7 months now and works great.. hope I never have to get rid of it.
Auto time of day didn't want to work on my EVO 3d. It would show day in the night. I'll try it. Slows menu down quite a bit on pan mode.
This was by far the best of four or five I tried. Sensible presentation, most accurate temps for my area, nicest widgets, etc.
I love this app, really makes me feel the burn. Only problem, is that on the samsung galaxy S Plus (i19000) there are no pictures and videos! And some.of the descriptions like for the half moon curl and.half curl back, its not very clear. Please fix this! My friend with a different model phone has videos and pictures. There are.no pictures or video demonstrations for the arm, and butt workout either. Not on the samsung galaxy s plus atleast. :( PLEASE FIX IT ASAP.
It is stupid and to much .... And only search by songs so u have to look through onebillionn and one artest and u still might not find it
What can you expect from the genius of Will Farrell and Adam MacKey!!
Tower defense and all out war. YES.
Ok
