You have to buy every update! That's stupid!!
Insted of making new levels fore this game. You just made a new game execly the same and charge money for that game to... Recomanding to all my friends to never dowload any of your products...
I purchased this app and now it is no longer available for my HTC Desire!! Not good!
Works great
Very, very laggy after new updates.
Really $2 for redone previous levels when IOS is $1??? Even the new "Where's my perry?" Was only $1???? Please lower to $1. Decreasing to 1 stars. Very greedy. Be careful... If you buy the full version, make sure you uninstall the free or when the free is updated it will screw up you progress in the full version.
This game is brilliant, but will not work if my tablet is not connected to my network. This restriction is not mentioned in any information I read before I bought the app, and means I am unable to play sometimes.
Love it
No thanks. Is always running in the background even after killed. I'll pass.
WTH!!!This is good game but after you beat the levels you have to wait FOREVER to get new ones....I shouldn't have to wait if I paid for them!!!
Good game, poor choice to force WiFi. On Nexus 7. If I hadn't already used this game on my phone months ago I would request a refund. I paid for a single player game, what is the reason for a connection?!
Did not understand the reason why the game is no longer supported on my device. The game itself is made good. I'd love to play it. But then I had to do a factory reset. And now the game is not installed =(
Great game but it is unacceptable for a paid app to require a data connection at all times or it won't start or crashes immediately when dropped.  Especially pointless for a tablet  a data plan.
The game suddenly dropped support for my device for no good reason, very disappointing :(
Great game. Love it!
Fun game when in range of internet connection.  But will not run when disconnected.  Can't find any game play reason for this limitation.  Would give 4-5 stars if game was available offline.  Wouldn't have purchased it if I'd have known of this limitation.
Why do you have to be connected to internet to play?  Did not know this, let my son play for half hour off our HotSpot internet.  Used up all of our data usage for the month.  I don't see any reason you have to be connected to play the game.  I want my money back!
I paid for it yesterday but have not been able to successfully install it yet...fix this and let me know. Thanks, its a fun game and I wanna play more levels!! And you owe me a buck.
Dropped to one star because i can't redownload. Says insufficient space even though i have 1.5gigs open space wtf. And contacting them to solve the problem is absolutely ridiculous since they want all kinds of info that has nothing to do with fixing the problem
Would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I can only play it when connected to WiFi. Not what I expected from a paid for game. Which brings me to the question, why does it need it for?
I paid for this game so I deserve the right to play it when not connected to internet. I worry not about the ads it sends to me whilst  connected, but also what it sends back about me whilst its connected.  Come on.  Who do you think you are? Google?!
Paid for the game but I can't eveb install it!!!!
The fact that at present you cannot play this game without an active WiFi connection turns an otherwise 5 Star game into a 1 star disappointment at best!
Can't seem to find the contact you button - Anyway this force closes itself unless i have an internet connection for some reason which isn't cool as games are the only thing to do when there's no internet! :@ cmon Disney! Sort it out!
Crashes when I try to open it
Force closes immediately upon opening for the Nexus 7 if not on WiFi.  Useless as a mobile app.
I am very mad. I paid for this game and it doesn't let me get past the fifth story in a level pack. It says I need 9 more ducks and I have gotten about three more since then and it hasnt changed to 6 ducks needed. .and on the little it doesn't highlight the additional ducks I've gotten. Because of this I give it a one star. I realize there are some other level packs you have to buy, but this is happening within the one i had already bought. Even if I click on the 6th story the game just closes.
I'm not happy at all. I downloaded and paied for this app only to play it one time and now when I try to open it, it comes up error.
What was an awesome game now no longer works with my HTC Desire S.  I am told the reason is that the size of the app is too big.  But I dont understand how this can be the case if it used to work before and if other games allow you to download a smaller game and then download extra packs as an add on.
Great fun, good polished graphics and an intuitive unquiet gameplay. Additional new characters levels require an in app purchase.  EDIT; very wrong of a developer to cut support of a capable device, my Desire S is supposedly no longer supported, lovely for someone who pays for an app only to find they can't reinstall it after having to factory reset their device.
Excellent game. Disney charges sales tax on a service. Changed from 5 stars to 1 star for the greed. No physical media given for an online transaction, thus, no sales tax should be charged on buying a license to use the application.
It keeps closing while.loading and wont let me play LG gx2
This game used to be good..... But this game is apparently pay to play I had full progress unlocked until they decided to make a pay to unlock levels option and my progress is now bunk...
Doesn't get old very fun can't wait for more levels.
I already paid for it....
Got this for the kids and they love it.  Tried to open it yesterday where I didn't have WiFi and it f/Ced.  Fix this Disney!
Useless offline. Paid app that has ads. Never buying another Disney game ever again!
Worth the price you pay but a recent update made it INCOMPATIBLE with my desire s and no option of refund or reversion to compatible version. CAUTION!
Great game!! I love it!!!
Recent updates dont let you play offline. Makes this game useless.    Please make available offline.     This was my review before the change:  This is one of the best games I've played for Android. I think its made for little kids, but I'm 24 years old and I still think its a fun game when I have time to burn. Perfect game for this time of year when you are waiting on the bench at the mall while the wife is shopping! If you don't have it you should get it! Merry Christmas.
But I tried to buy it and now it won't install not enough space, lame!
Brilliant
Nad
I m getting when downloading
My daughter loves this game. Unfortunately, the disappointment on the plane w/out wifi beats that.
If you got a galaxy ace don't buy this game. It is ULTRA laggy Hope they fix this in next update
This is definitely a 5 star game with out a dought in my mind, bit you guys need to bring your focus back to this game and not some knock off (where's my Perry) I have purchase every one of the levels and would buy more but there is none and I will not buy the Perry one that's just rediculous please bring focus back to this great game and 5 stars it will be again!
I want refund!!!! No refund button!!! Took my money!! N yet it didnt install!!! Wait for 30min to dwnld!!! But no applctn!!!
Shuts down instantly.  No refund so one star.  Droid x
Downloaded the free game and worked fine! Loved it. Then I paid for the full game and it wouldn't even load. Forced closed every time. Ya disappointed
Unless u wanna keep paying for more levels...play the free and then delete
Ive beaten the first chapter two times and still cant unlock the next. No matter how many ducks or lufas i collect, i cant open the next chapter. And when i select 'levels' all but he first one are locked. F*ck you disney, f*ck you so hard!
It won't download to phone!!!!!
Won't install on my HTC sensation
Why wont it let me install says insuffuicient space. On my device even tho i have 16g sd card and 5g internal memory. I can download any other app just fine. Dont download this its a scam on galaxy s. Good thing it was only a dollar i tried refunding it right away and it didnt do anything.
I love this game. Played it on a friends phone...but... I payed for this game n it wont download on my phone which is bs!! I have a sprint echo. I can download games with mpte mb then this one, but it wont let me download this! I'm mad!! Fix it or give me my $ back please
Edit: Was finally emailed back a few days after my initial review, and was told in a lot more words, "There's nothing we can do." Unacceptable.  Couldn't get my game to save progress past 2-1. Emailed dev and never heard back from them. This is what happens when you buy a game from a big developer rather than the indie guys who really appreciate your business.
why i can't play the game when there is no wifi available
Can't play this game at all, crashes every time.
I don't know what is wrong with it but have to install it every day because it disappears.
Why? Good game good price but why the hell can't I play this on my tablet outside of my house? I won't buy another. 5 stars for the game minus 4 for the required connection
Really hate paying for each and every level. Get a full game one prics!!!
I purchased, but it won't let me download. Other reviewers have said it won't let you download or play without wifi connection. Worthless.
Don't want to let me download
whats wrong with crankys story i baught it and leaved it all the night saying processing and nothing happened cant play with it soryy  but you deserve  0 stars for this fix this and i will give 5 stars but i cant ignore that the game is awesome but fix crankys story please
This game crashed my phone and gave it viruses. I had to purchase a new phone bcuz of it
UPDATE: Was a great game but with all the recent updates you have to buy everything.  Each upgrade needs to be bought.  A 99¢ game ends up costing upward of 10 bucks and thats if they never add more.  Play the free one and dont bother buying!
Wouldn't meet me click the refund button either. Nor happy at all. I've read some other reviews and noticed the problem seems to be a system update from last month. Please fix it already!!!!!
Horrible
Im using sony xperia s. After first level kicks me out. And I cant refund now
What's the point of playing this n my tablet if I can't even play it without an internet connection? Also, the add-on packs are expensive
Since update game won't start.  TF 201 transformer prime.  Also, ppl are complaining game now has ridiculous DRM requiring always active internet connection, which makes it useless for tablets in the car. This game is rated high based on the old version. DO NOT BUY. These idiots have ruined what was a great game.
Since update game won't start.  TF 201 transformer prime.  Also, ppl are complaining game now has ridiculous DRM requiring always active internet connection, which makes it useless for tablets in the car. This game is rated high based on the old version. DO NOT BUY. These idiots have ruined what was a great game.
Good game for kids, l would not have paid for it if l realised it needs a permanent data connection. One star as there is no excuse for this
Good game BUT we have to keep paying for the levels we arnt made of gold and the game causes the phone to overheat it's ironic the game is called where's my water you people don't even deserve a rating
Love the game but I can't update and it deleted all my games so I have to start over.
Why make people pay in the game if the app already costs money, Instead make a demo version with the first whatever levels and then have all of them for free, Also' ADS? You get 5 stars when this is fixed.
Update 씨발
Will not install on my ATRIX 4G. Can't get refund.
Keeps freezing >.<
Fuuun get it
Always FC on N7 specially if no wifi. And it didn't save my progress pls FIX
This app turns itself on and runs your battery out. Not good.
I am quite annoyed at the developers... you make me pay for the game, then limit my usage to requiring a network connection to play so they can load there adds on this played game! The whole reason I purchased this was as a time waster while I am in the car, out of the house, etc. Either fix this or give me my money back you cheap fat cats...
Whats the point of downloading an app when it wont open
Awesome
Be careful with this app. I bought this app for $.99 and my son accidently clicked few levels ( not sure what he clicked ) and I was billed another $8 !!!. They wouldn't refund for accidental click even, reporting it in less than 40 mins + uninstalling the app. You can't let your kid play with app without any additional accidental charges. Stay away from this.
greedy developer
I beat the demo, n I'm Def still interested
Anyone else have problems dowbloading? Says insufficient space but phone has 80 mb and game is half that???? HTC desire
The game isn't even on my phone after my purchase!! No option to install!! I have a very disappointed little boy because of this!
Where's my game??? Its not on my phone and I can't even update, open or uninstall!!!!!! I want my refund!!!!!!!!
I need mobile data for this
Would give 5 stars since I love this game but every time I go to buy the mystery duck levels it keeps telling me there's error.
It force closes every time I try to open it :( Droid incredible
Have had this game for a while and love it, but it's been broken for weeks since the last update. Achievements are gone, collection items are invisble, and errors keep me from buying the Mystery Duck levels (which are too expensibe anyway). Fix this and it would be a definite 5 star.
Dont steal our money anymore!
this is a pirate game app..steals money from you like a pirate
Does not work without wifi connection on the nexus 7
First you ask for more permissions, now you keep adding chargeable DLC. Why not just release WMW2 instead of tacking on extra levels? Now I'm not buying the extra levels on principle.
Had to wipe data to have crankys story to work. Lost all my progress. Updates? Jeeez ur like a leech. Shame. 0 stars.
Had to wipe data to have crankys story to work. Lost all my progress. Updates? Jeeez ur like a leech. Shame. 0 stars.
This game does not work with my phone. I try and try to download it but it says It not compatible with my USB or SD
can only be played with an active internet connection. so I have it installed in my tablet for my kid to play on long road trips but he can't because my tablet is wifi only
Purchased the full version. While installing my DEVICE - HTC DESIRE HD gives an error - couldn't install on phone. PLEASE HELP..!!
I love this game an 4 thows ppl that are complaining that they spent 2-3$ get over it haha
The new update keeps failing every time I try install it. I'm using the Sony Ericsson Xperia Ray, could it be my phone?
Keeps telling me insufficient space on my device even though I have more than enough room!
Can't get any single achievement; they just doesn't work, even the list (I see only one named 'Achievement name?!S?' or something similar). HTC Evo 4g
Fantastic game until new update came out, wouldn't install on my phone, complained & they told me to delete app, turn phone off & on & reinstall & it should be fine, did all that, still didn't work so I reset my phone but still it won't work, so I've paid for the game & can't even play it! Sort it out!
Buy buy buy . Really that is really dumb . I really want my money back
Why do i need internet to play? I can understand the first time for device authentication, but every time is just ridiculous.
I bought the game knowing it was fun, i have played the demo. However when i pressed install it gave me an error message saying there was insufficiant space on the device which i know isnt true as i have 4gigs of space open. And when i tried to get a refund it never refunded me. Im very unhappy with this.
Need wife
When you PAY for something it should work.  If NOT working it should be easier to contact the maker and get a response.  :(
It force closes da app before I can even open it. Great game tho. Just cant play it anymore cuz it wont open
Can't put it down
Force close because no internet? Paid game with ads? Great game but a long way from perfect
I have small kids who like to play this game, but accidentally clicked on one of the in-app purchases.  The dev isn't not even bothering to respond to requests for a refund.
I bought this app and it won't let me install it! Keeps saying I don't have enough space when I actually do have space, I can download any other app but this one!! Save your money! Don't buy!
Don't bother buying unless you have full time network connection or never leave the house. Won't play on the road if you're using a tablet! Would be a nice game if not for this HUGE unresolved problem. Fix the game... I'll change my rating.
Learn this when I tried playing it on my tablet in an area with o connection, big disappointment
Can't install the game and already bought it
Right now I give it  1 star cuz I'm not sure as of yet.  Seem as if I can only play the game only with an internet connection. Is that true for anyone else
Wont load, i have latest tablet as well
This game us very fun to play BUT it made my phone really hot.and my battery too it smelled like burn and drain my battery in les than 10 with full charge.....UNINSTALL
Won't start up!! :(
Game is good But greed is bad we cant just keep on paying for the levels
Not working on my Xperia S.
Dont waste your money!!! I purchased this app and tried to install.... It glitched during download and did a factory reset on my phone and suddenly i have "insufficient space" to install this app..... What a waste of money!!!
I cant download it for my nephew. Why?
Devs are unresponsive, I needed help and no one listens
what the hell? can't update
Not happy don't understand why my phone is now not compatible with the game loved the game but can no longer play it :(
Really enjoy the and Where's My Perry.  Only problem is I need WIFI on to play.  That's not good enough hence the 1 star.  Playing on Motorola Xoom.
I love the game but it wont open n is slow between games
New levels are expensive. And are the same look.  like old ones
Most recent patch causes app to suspend indefinitely at launch. App loads to a black screen with no functionality.
I hate this stupid app it deleted all my pictures that I took with my. Camera
I'll change my rating when I finally get Cranky's Story that I paid for in January and when the force closing stops.
I like the game but it keeps restarting it to the first level of the game. Please fix this(: thank you.
I demand a refund!!! The game keeps prompting as though its being downloadef and its not!!
Everytime I play this game, I get a notice that says Sorry! The application Twlauncher (process com.sec.android.app.twlauncher) has stopped unexpectedly. Please try again. Force Close  It gets frustrating trying to fix this everytime on my phone. It blocks any use (calls, texts, notifications, etc.) from my phone.
Helpdesk less than helpful.
Paid for this game and now thanks to the update it says my device is not compatible. Extremely unhappy, please fix for htc wildfire s
i bought the game but can not update so i uninstalled and now i can not install.
Bought for 0.99 and thought that was cheap. My bank account showed I was charged 0.99 and an additional dollar. I didnt know why but fine. Now I am getting charged a dollar every time I play it! Screw that! I uninstalled it. If I get charged again I am writing BBB.
I'm the husband of a sad sad wife. She loves this game and so do I. How ever coma,it its not compatable with her Samsung continuum. Please fix it for her. I will give a five and so will she and she will buy it. Duh
I have tried so many times, I deleted a bunch of stuff, I restarted my phone, but no matter what it says "insufficient space". I have checked, and I still have 1.5 gigs on my SIM card and 126 megs on my phone. What the hell.
It was a fun game at first my daughter really liked it but after the update the game is very laggy, freezes and force closes a lot fix it its a shame people pay for stuff and you cant provide a decent product
Was 5 stars, now keep getting the error " could not install on USB storage or sd card" for the update. Tried uninstalling game and reinstalling now can't even install the game. my phone storage has 600 mb left and sd has 3.5 gb left now they have my money and I don't have the game.
Let me update I want to the game I payed for it and I can't update what is that about and I like the game but 1 star now
Including the license check to begin with but at least the game worked. Now I can't play without a connection nor can I play with a connection because the level select screen doesn't display any levels. I'm on ice cream sandwich on Xoom tablet. The game used to run fine. This is just lazy, sloppy, and greedy and I can't imagine paying for any of the add on they are shilling when they can't even make the content I paid for work.
Wont even download to the device. Emailed the support and was told it was a known issue but I guess that means they dont care to fix it. Worthless
After asking us to pay for kranky story, they stop updating after two updates, and now they stopping this one too.. It was only fair if cranky story get the same amount of update, and i wont complain they stopping this one.. Greedy company? Not so much, but still lost some respect about them..
Waste of money. Don't support the Disney greed machine.
...even when killed. No, thank you, I don‘t any spyware on my device.
Since the latest update, the game will no longer load. Please fix :(
No thanks!
Bought this app unable to download this app, emailed helpdesk. Still awaiting response. Will change rating when fixed
I am having trouble. It won't download the full version. I paid for it and when I go to download it starts then stops, no explanation! Help!
£1.94...  I'm not spending another penny on this game it any other Disney game. Well done faggits.
Will not work without active wifi, when will this be sorted?
Why do I have to keep on paying for add-on's
So much fun to be had. Amazing on my galaxy note.
It is not fair for android user who need to pay extra while ios user just pay for half of our price in mystery level!!!! It seen like discrimination!!!
Force closes without wifi connection and crashes when trying to play the new levels. Garbage now.
The new update won't save and you buy the game and then u gotta pay even more for ALL the levels.
I purchase and it stays at processing forever....so disappointed :/
I payed for this I expect to be able to play it. It keeps force closing on me. Please fix it as soon as possible. After that Ill give the 5 stars back.
I cant even download
Love the game, don't like that there are limited levels and you have to pay again and again for new ones.
I have download latest update twice, but can not installed, because invalid package file.
Originally a decent review. But after months of it not accepting previous purchases in game, I find it extremely disappointing to be given the update, and offered the chance to buy the mystery stuff at the current high (over) price. Come on! It was 69p in apple itunes in game purchase.  After all the messing around with old purchases not being able to show, least you could've done was match it. for that very reason alone. I've changed my review, and reduced the stars.
The icon is not coming up in my apps. I deleted the free app and still the new one i paid for isn't appearing!!!
Corporate greed at its finest
They say you get over 200 levels. But yet you have to buy those levels!!!!!
You want more money.... Really.... Used to be 5 star rating.
Great game. Was working perfectly on my Xperia Ray till I upgraded to ICS. After that it just keeps loading and never enters into the game.
Why do I have to pay fore add ons it should be free with it this blows
Tries to update, get an error that there isn't enough memory, which is false.
Can somebody tell me why the game freezes if i disconnect from wifi??
The latest update broke it.
Great game well was until they desided to make it not compatible for my phone stupid I want my money back and I will be contacting the company direct on the behalf of all u HTC desires s ppl out there
Who said Disney games were for kids?! I'm 34 and this game rocks!!
Bought this app and fir first day it was fine but after that it kept crashing and then takes mr back to main menu
Ran beautifully on my old Nexus S, but on the Galaxy Ace it is a complete piece of lagging, glitchy, pixelated garbage.
Can't open mystery duck since I paid for it.
Good game, but data randomly lost 4 times... Not sure what's going on.
I bought the fll version, but couple of weeks after I played it, there was an update information, then I did click "update" and guess what? My full version is gone now!!! How can I restore my full version????
Can't download because its over 30mb. Is there anyway to make this smaller?  48 mb??  really??? can i get a refund?
Could you fix it? Now! i cant update the game " error installing in sd card" the heck i pay for this game!
Droid x ... Will not install ... Probably worth a dollar if it did
My game worked fine on my phone until I updated it and now when I push play on ANY of the games, it turns the game off!
Update would not  installs and advised a uninstall now i'm right back at the start.....hot happy.
I just downloaded the recent update and now I can't even play. It gives me the choice between Swampy's story and the others but it won't give me access to the levels at all. It just gives me a blank screen once I get there. I loved playing this game too. HTC Incredible.
Quite addictive, but very CHALLENGING. Just LOVE IT TTM
the update is not installing it says package file is invalid
the update is not installing it says package file is invalid
Absolutely WILL NOT update for android...please fix this!!"
When I go to update this app my phone complains that it cannot install to the USB or SD card. I have plenty of space to install it! I see others are having the same problem too, so please fix it!
I love this game but I bought it and won't let me  install  :(. It keeps telling me it can't install on USB storage or sd card... help! Idk what it means.
I pay the money and get "loading" forever.  Not fixed since February? DO NOT BUY!
I have downloaded updated version and it was working without wifi for a day. Today again same problem. Game wont start if no wifi. If dummy ap created game will start. Can you fix problem for good? Maybe is it tablet issue only as updated version works fine on galaxy note. However tab2 no success. Back to 1 star as i cant use product that i have putchased.
Fix issues please!
I bought this game and it won't download. Says "not enough space." I have loads of space. And they won't give me a refund. Sounds like a rip off to me.
When mystery duck cost the same on android and iphone then i will give it 5 stars!!!
Mystery duck costs too much and is more expensive than it is on apple's app store. So sad I would've bought it too.
So 200 levels of swampy is a good deal buy i hate that they sell all these other level packs for two bucks each
I bought this stupid game an it won't install!!!
So sad they want you to continue to pay but don't update the existing stuff.
Mystery Duck for iOS costs 0.67€ and for Android users 3.00€... Shame, shame.. iOS's updates published sooner than Android's... With that attitude don't depend on Android users...
I try and download this game cause I bought it and it keeps saying error and won't let it finish. I hate this cause I have the free one and I was looking forward to playing all the new levels. Please please fix!!! :-(
Keeps failing to update for a variety of reasons.
The new update won't even load. And when it does it crashes. Please fix the new update.
I cant update it......fix it please
A best game, get it 4 sure.
First they want you to pay for the game prommissing FREE levels. They are not free you have to PAY three dollars for each level PACK they don't add free levels they add PAID level packs. Disney I hope your reading this because I will NEVER buy a game from you again.
Can't install update as file is now to big
I had the full version, restored my phone and now its telling me my device is not compatible with the current version when I try to download it
The update made me restart...wtf! Uninstalling! This is bullshit
Purchased fine and then it downloads forever and then there is an error and never finishes. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!
I purchased cranky story n then my phone was at service center so phn got formatted n now its not working. I have the receipt too. My phn HTC rhyme
Too greedy,keep asking for more
Love this game!  Ive already paid for the game... i shouldn't have to pay more to get more levels!!!! I wont be playing the new levels!
But $3 for levels we've already purchased?? Will restore 5 star if this is fixed. Greed.
Says "the package was not signed correctly" or something of this sort. Dear Disney, I'm not Jewish, please let me install this update! Also, antisemitism is disgusting!!!
Actually bought it.....was that much fun
One of my favourite games on android. But $3 for mystery duck? Really? For levels we already own! Thieves! I'll restore 5 star rating when the pricing is in line with the product
The Cranky 'Whoops' error is still outstanding, and there's been no update on the Disney site since  February 27 where you say that you are 'working diligently with Google to resolve ...'  Not good enough!
I bought this game,to get updates,not to pay again for them.
Totally addicted and loved it until in stopped working. Continually force closes before starting :(
I bought the game, but i can't download it! And the google play wont even refund me! It keeps saying that i have not enough space on my cellphone, but i have got 2,8gb left and the game is just 39mb... I want my money back
Can't get the paid version to download. Says not enough space on device. I have 1.5 gb on my phone
Can't update to the latest version, advertised as 39mb. "Insufficient space" although I have well over that
Won't let me download due to insufficient space, i have over 20 mb more than needed.
Great game apart from when you want to play Cranky's sotry and make the purchase.. it never downloads! HUGE ISSUES EXPERIENCED BY LOADS OF ANDROID USERS.. NO FIX YET FROM DEVELOPERS.. Get a move on Disney!!
I want a refund just to play the game you should not need a internet connection my children can't even played on the road it's not a small game why does it need internet connection!!!!!!!
Good game for the first week now it won't open
I paid for the cranky story but unable to load.. Can't play
Will not update. Why make an app that only updates apple products as the rest of the other devices wait weeks...dont understand...will not rate 5 stars until fixed
Still waiting for cranky purchased over 4 months ago!
Love this game but in app purchase for Cranky's Story stuck at processing. C'mon give us a fix.
It says can't download on USB or SD card... And now I can't refund!
Everytime I try to click play, it crashes back to app screen. No error or anything.
Totally addicted to this game, more levels please!!
Cranky's story does not work..dont buy it till there is a fix.  Please fix this soon
Iv been trying to download the game for for a few hours and it says i need more space, iv already got 50mb+ free of space and i just dont get it... Any help Disney?
Keeps freezing
Outstandingly good game but totally unacceptable that I've paid for Cranky's Story too, and it just gets stuck on "Processing...". I've let it run for over 5 minutes several times, rebooted phone and done anything else that I can think of. I also see here that others have the same problem. :-(
Purchased but get a download error!!!!  called 3 different places to ge it fixed with no luck.  Google store said is the tablet. At and t says its the developer. Cant reach the developer.  Poor troubleshooting!!!!!!
Need to fix update error for HTC desire, update is too big for phone. Solution is taking too long.
Changed it from 2 stars to 1, bought crankys story about 2 months ago now and still just hangs. Money has been taken from my account but no levels accessible, no updates for month and no reference from developers about the problems. Refund me my money of fix the frigging problem.
No longer installs on HTC desire even though I have purchased the paid version. Disney, please Fix.
Dle mého názoru o hodně zábavnější hra než overhypped Angry Birds! (akorát poslední update hru trochu rozhodil)    Edit: po posledním patchi hra nejde nainstalovat, hlásí nedostatek místa na externím uložišti, přitom na kartě mám 4GB volný, a v mobilu 150MB (to by na 40MB apk mělo v pohodě stačit)  Edit2: Tak jsem psal na support DisneyMobile a oni psali že tento problém znají a že pracují na jeho opravení :)
You need to find a method to package it such it fits on the desire.  Was great until this problem.
Like a lots of people love the game but after paying for crankys story it wont load. Fix it or refund now.
How much space does this need!?? I have 94 mb in phone memory and over 2 gb on my sd card, and this won't install! It says ' insufficent space'
I purchased this game because I heard many good reviews. I checked it out for a few minutes and decided it wasn't for me. I went back to the play store, and the refund option was not available. I sent a message to the developer and received a cryptic response. I would not recommend this developer unless you don't mind poor customer service.
Wont download on galaxy s. And can't get refund
Cant play level 10
ho comperato anche i livelli di Cranky's ma nonostante l'addebito sia andato a buon fine il download in-app non parte.  I livelli Swampy ok ma dato che li ho pagati mi aspetto una correzione poi ritorno a 5*
Says i dont have enough space I have cleared out tons of space and wont work
...rolling out the android updates are not a priority to them... I am not willing to give higher rating until all updates release at the same time.
Has n error when I try to update... 3  new update it happens with
Can't download. Keeps getting error message "insufficient space" even if there is more than enough
Bought crankys story... wont let me play, nor refund my $. Just wasted 2 bucks on air. I want my f*n money back. The game is great... but the programming and customer service is not up to par. I'm very upset about this.
Wont play goes off when filling the tub
Awesome.. love it
A very nice puzzle game that i always play whn I'm free
After play free version, I bought the full version, but can't download it. Please fix the error
Its terrible! I hate this game! I never winat this! I wanna talk to the creator of this game. And then i'll sue him or her!
I want my money back!
Purchased and now says not enough memory on samsung galaxy with all game deleted and no.refund
Why is this device still not compatible? A lot of people have paid good money for this app and now we can't even play it. Please fix it so we can all procrastinate.	Was great until it no longer compatible, fix it.
Ridiculous rip-off!  Paid and it just says processing forever.  By the time I gave up, it was too late for a refund.  They stole my $$.
Worked fine the first time I opened it. Doesn't even work now, even tried reinstalling to no avail.
Hi
Samsung galaxy tab P1000: Took my money,  but won't let me download. Claims 'insufficient memory' even though I have 3gig free. No help from Disney &  no refund.
Great game but too many people including me have paid for cranky upgrade that doesn't work. Disney doesn't care
Won't let me install?? Saying I have insufficient space when I do???
Its stopped working after the latest update. Install doesn't seem to be particularly smooth...
I paid for it and it won't let me download, it says "insufficient space" even though I deleted a bunch of stuff (plenty of space left) and I can't get a refund. Gee thanks.
It doesnt work for anyone and you can't get a refund. Sort it out please developpers!!!
game wouldn't download, contacted company for support and they said it was my fault that it wouldn't download and didn't do anything about it.
same problem with other; i paid for cranky 's story but it still on process loading for 3 days! how can i refund? i send email for help but no response. google play must take action for this problem! because u charged me for the game that cannot finish downloaded! it didn't have icon to uninstall the additional game that why i didn't uninstall within 15 min. after purchased. please help.
Best game on Android in my opinion until latest update, suddenly not compatible with my device even though I've played through the first 120 levels or so fine, sort this bug out now or I want my money back!!!!!!
Paid for this app, and now its says that my device isn't compatible with this version and I can no longer get upgrades. What's going on?
Android 4 te ucretli versiyon internet  yokken hata verip atiyor. Yeni versiyon processing hatasi verip calismiyor.
I bought Cranky's story days ago and it is still "processing".  Please fix now! It has been over a week of "processing"...update. Now its been a month...fix this!!!
Crankys story forced me to uninstall the app and then reinstall. I lost all of my saved game data and I had beaten everything, except crankys world. Now I'm cranky.
Pay for cranky chapter? Insane, when i ALREADY bought this game!
Laying in bed, downloaded and now really can't sleep, very addictive!
Paid for the full version of this game some weeks ago, and crankys story, now its saying not compatible with my device, even though I've beaten it and was just looking for updates!? Please advise :/
..but you ruined it by making us pay for new levels. in the description is written, there will be new free levels so delete that part or make it free!! i already paid for thet app and i wont do it a second time!! :(
Paid for cranky's story...won't load
Awesome game
It will not load. Have tried several times it says that I bought will not load .want it took off my bill are it fix some how
Lotsa fun!
Purchased the game as the free levels were good fun, but it won't let me install, due to "insufficient memory", although I have more than enough available space. Have e-mailed the company who have so far done nothing.
Loads level then crashes
purchased Cranky's story but it's still stuck on processing. cant play it, please fix it
Great game !!! Lots of level. Looking forward for some new levels
Was great, but now  I can't even update it... Says wifi only when I'm in a wifi location
Love it and it won't install :(  HTC thunderbolt
Great game wouldnt let me buy crankys story just says purchasing disabled so tried uninstalling and reinstalling still wont let me and lost all my progress lame lame lame 5 star if fixed for sure
I have a problem that every time I try to play it brings up the loading screen and kicks me out. I loveed this game when it 1st came out. But now I can never play it. :-(
Samsung Galaxy S1 not compatible with this version so I can no longer install or play a game I PAID for.
Awesome game
By the way for most of u who think uninstalling and reinstalling app will fix cranky story, think again! Have done this 2x and soft loaded my phone by taking out battery while on and NO luck. PLEASE FIX DISNEY or GIVE REFUNDS PLZ!!!
It has said for many months that "more levels coming soon" but its a complete lie because its been over six months and there are no crankys challenges
Tried to buy Cranky's story, but it won't load. Emailed support, heard nothing.
Very entertaining game, worth every cent. Now please add more levels :)
In game purchase warning!!  App was .99.  My son quickly started adding 1.99 in game purchases, all unrefundable.  Avoid this scam!  DISNEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!
Game will not download and it won't allow me a refund. :(
Cranky's Story won't load. I'm very disappointed to see it hasn't been fixed. One star rating until that changes, sorry.
I purchased the new levels and I cant get them to download. Wth?? I have been trying for a month!! Ugh please fix it!!
Very fun and challenging:-)
I paid and it never downloaded it..how long does it take??
I've been playing for 13 days in a row so far and still have not unlocked the 10 days achievement.  Please fix the bug.
I love Swampy's levels and the game in general but i want Cranky's Story!! It says i had purchased it but I've been waiting for it to "process" for HOURS!! Fix this please!!
I have 94MB of free space, and I can not download a 39MB app? It worked before the latest update... I had switched over to the SD card where I have over 7GB of space. What is happening?
It runs on background even when I force close it. Why why?
I bought this game previously and fully completed the game and the dlc, but after upgrading sd card it says "device not compatible". WMW free does work though.
Getting insufficient space error when downloading even though I've got over 100mb on internal memory and 1gb SD. Please have a look!
Payed $1.99 for Cranky's Story through the Where's My Water app over a week ago. My credit card has been charged and yet I don't have a game yet. It fails to install getting stuck on the “processing" stage every time. I've emailed the developer with this issue and have yet to hear back from them. Overall I love Where's My Water, but am very disappointed at having payed for a product that I don't have.
I paid but the new chapters for cranky won't work. Five star game, please fix this problem!
Is anybody else having problems trying to purchase cranky. All I get is 'processing'  the original game 5 stars. Cranky gets 0 stars because it can't be purchased/downloaded
It kept purchasing crankys story and wouldn't download!from 5 stars to 1!!!
HTC desire s, please fix.
It says i have insuffient space and i cleared everything and deleted alot of stuff help
I purchased the follow up and its been 4 Weeks and I still haven't got the download... Refund please.
I also purchased crankys story and just keep getting the "you have already purchased" and then get the processing the game. Still hasn't loaded. Do not purchase until this is fixed!
I download it but it didn't work so I tried to get a refund but it didn't even past 15 minutes and it wouldn't give me back my money
wtf ?Does not let me update cause I have insuficient funds but my memory card  has 3 gb! They havent fixed this issue for months already!
Cannot use crankys story, stuck at processing
Great game but paid for crankys game 2weeks ago an its stuck on processing payment has been taken from my account an i can't play!! Not happy if not fixed soon i will be takin it further. It may not be alot of money but its the principle
Disney has a great game here but the top dogs must have been asleep when they were discussing mobile devices. Anyone tell me what good is a mobile game if you have to have an internet connection in order to play it!!!  Let me guess the reason that they would force a connection, its either because they want the app to call home to make sure its legit, or because they want the ability to invade your privacy for their own greedy gains! Either way, I'm done buying games from these greedy American companies. Nobody is taking my money for something I purchase and then control when I can use it. Screw them. I never believed in getting something for nothing, but under the circumstances I hope these companies go out of business after those so called software pirates get done with them. Who is really the Pirate?
FREE VERSION TOOK 12 ATTEMPTS TO LOAD AND DIDNT WORK.PAID  VERSION ON MY 18th ATTEMPT AND WONT LOAD OR REFUND.ARNOVA 10 G2.ANY IDEAS DEVELOPERS?
Can't review this because it's stuck on processing.
Can't review this because it's stuck on processing.
Is there any reason this can't get past the loading screen? Why must we wait so long for stability fixes?
Hate
Why charge for additional levels after I bought the game?...... Rip off
This is an awesome game but cranks story does not work
This version isn't compatible with my device? What the hell?
No way to refund crankys story
Love the game but paid for upgrade and it won't install. Sent an email to developer but got no response! Samsung Captivate
A nice game, unfortunately my device is no longer supported so I don't get any updates.
Come on Disney. This is unacceptable. A paid for App that does not install without wiping your game data......
Раньше писал, что это отличная игруха. Теперь поменял свое мнение. Эта игра успешно шла у меня на LG optimus one и я ее даже купил! А теперь выясняется, что обновление я поставить не могу О_о так как видители мое устройство не совместимо! ВЫПРЯМИТЕ РУКИ ПРОГРАММИСТАМ И ПИШИТЕ НОРМАЛЬНЫЕ ПРОДУКТЫ или верните деньги!
Do not purchase this app or any in app addons!  You have been warned!  You would think with a company as big as Disney, they could afford to have someone answer emails.  Guess not...  In app purchase of Cranky's Story never downloaded.  Stuck at "processing".  No response from Disney about the issue or about a refund.  They just steal $1.99 from all unsuspecting customers.  I've never left a bad review on any app, but this is beyond pathetic.  Not even so much as a response saying "haha, sucker"!
INSUFFICENT SPACE?!?!?!? I DELETED EVERY SINGLE APP I HAD!!!!! THIS IS BULLSH!T
Can't update due to size!!! Love the game but cannot play the updated levels because it is ridiculously HUGE!!!
Paid for crankys story an still.not recieved it
This needs to be sorted so it can work on the desire and other HTC's.
Originally 5 stars app for me! But it drain 20+ % if my Galaxy S3 battery in less than 20 mins... My S3 is HOT too...
Have to agree with most, I love this game but it just makes me mad that what was one of my favs is now a great disappointment because of greedy people trying to get more money out of us for updates...not the first game I have brought to do this ("cut the rope: experiments) 5 stars down to 2 stars
The game itself is really good,,having to buy all3 seperatly not so happy bout but was prepared to do it and can't because apparently I already did, if I purchased them why am I unable to play them
Both my kids and myself LOVE this game!
Only FC's since update. Uninstalled (never to play again since I don't want to redo parts I've already done). Oh well, was going to uninstall it soon anyway to save space.
Fix ASAP , please
I love this game on my iPad, but I would like it on my android if it were full screen. Bottom line, wish I could get my money back.
Have to be connected to the Internet to play change this and you'll get my stars
Hate the in app purchase......plz take my money upfront or at least have a cloud backup service like dead trigger..... otherwise the game play is good but with a childish theme....like angry birds...
Every time I play a level I get a pop-up to post. Its killing my enjoyment of the game! I paid to play not to post >:|
Fun game but with two major flaws: one, if it has no Internet it just crashes. Which is a huge killer especially on tablets. Two, additional levels are an in app purchase and even more expensive than the game. In app purchases are bad at the best of times but are unacceptable in kids games. Combine that with the crashes without internet and... sorry Disney, I know you can do much better than this.
It's a great game, but why does it require an internet connection to play? Would have been 4 stars, but 2 because it requires and internet connection.
I bought the game, love the game, and now the new update won't install.  I uninstalled the game, removed other games, and the game continues to say "not enough room on device"...  yet I have over 1.5 GIGS of internal storage and 8 Gigs of SD card storage.  So thanks, now I've lost all the progress (I had already beaten all the levels in the game) and can't even get the game back installed.  Great job.  If this is what is going to happen, i won't be buying more games from Disney.
I don't think. Its fair to charge extra for a level pack, angry birds method of financing is better than this.
I have the paid version and love playing it but after the last update I have to connected to the internet. If I paid for it I should be able to play it wherever I am at.
I bought it but the bar stays on the striped one and it never turns free and downloads please help!
Why does this game crash when not connected to wifi? It renders it useless when I'm not at home...
Loved the game! played every level. Just wish they didn't charge so much for the other levels... a little greedy.
This is a great game that promises FREE updates but 2/3 of these are put into "add-ons" like mystery ducks that should be free added content. The game is fun but it's sad that a lot of it is rehashed content. Game is a lot of fun and would get 5 stars on own but this sad ploy to get more $ results in the loss of 3 stars. For a children's company you guys sure are a-holes.
Visual quality of a 2003 flash game. Load times are huge, especially considering the graphics. It's not challenging either. My three year old figures most of them out by accident.
:)
It requires an internet connection for the game to launch properly on my samsung tab 2! I purchased the game to be able to play offline. Please fix
Game is great and all... but the game doesn't open when I have my WiFi off. Which is a major problem when i'm out. It says "unfortunately [...] has stopped working." Please fix!
No reason for this game to not launch without an internet connection. Waste of money on a WiFi only tablet.
It a fun game, but why can't it play without WIFI? The same game on APPLE store dose.
Love this game
Love the game, but it locks up my Galaxy! Argh! Please fix it.
i brought the original game and now have to pay more for the next levels. you cont keep charging people for the next set of levels.
Awesome game, but seems to be getting greedy!! It'll end up costing 10 bucks soon here!
Okay, this game is awesome, but it is really for devices with internet because you can't play offline. Change that and u will get my 5 stars back. Paid all that money for all them packs and I can't play when I want to.... The Mystery Duck pack is still ridiculous... You guys lowered the price, but is it not still the same levels with a different objective...
Excellent game and very addicting, don't. Want to stop playing.
unbelieveable i bought this game played it for a long time factory reseted my phone and tried to install but guess what incompatible was an amazing game when i could play
For some reason I am unable to upgrade the game as i don't have enough space on my device. What i don't understand is why can't the developer use the bloody memory card just like everyone else. All my other games download updates directly to card and upgrade just fine. The 2 stars are for the game that i managed to play so far. The 3 i took away are for not putting in enough thought in design and for not testing it completely.
PLEASE TURN OFFLINE RAM USEAGE OFF!!! I DONT NEED 25MB IN USE WHEN THE GAME IS NOT ACTIVE.
I only purchased the "Where's my water" app. (Which was $1.07 with tax)  That is the only app I received. Yet I was charged $4.07. I have not received any other apps, nor did I purchase any other apps. So I wish to know why I was over charged $3.00?
At
Can't load the game without an active connection
I couldn't believe that you could buy a single payer game that would require you to have a network connection just to play. It only makes sense when you realize this paid for game is loaded with ads and other spyware.   There are better options...especially if you pay to play.
Awesome game have played before on iPad. Runs just as smooth only works with WiFi on? Hopefully release update that fixes problem. Its annoying paying for a game and only be able to play it with a WiFi connection
I have all the add ons, but now for some reason the game won't get past the menu. It's weird colors and swampy isn't shown. Then force closes.  Droid incredible
I have loved this game since the beginning but since the most recent update I am not happy with it anymore. Now it takes forever to load and freezes/ jumps around all through the level. And the "like it" on facebook button at the end of each level is stupid and annoying. Sorry Disney, you've lost my interest.
tis game make me crazy to.play tis game but is ok to ply if i finish tis swanpy but i im tryying to granky or grun ky oh i don know the name but anyways is good.. juz play it.
Will probably be the next in app purchase extension. The new business model is getting annoying as we have to pay for new content instead of updating core game.
It says insufficient space although there is plenty of space. I love playing this game on my husband's phone. I can give it 5 stars from there.
Would be 5 stars if i could play continually. I'll play and everything will be going great and all of the sudden it will stop saving my progress and I won't be able to pick up where I left off! Extremely aggravating!
Currently when closing out of the game it is not shutting down the app. Will remain two star till that's fixed. Samsung galaxy s2 Android os 4.0 ics
I agree with the rest of the community. I don't want to dish out more money for levels that should have been included from the start. 99 cents to sucker us in then drain our pockets after, it should have been $2.99 from the start for everything.
The whole family enjoys playing this game but I'm quite disappointed that the game only starts when there's an internet connection available. At home, I'm reluctant to hand a tablet with wifi on to my daughter, but when we're out in the car with no wifi - we can't play.   5* for the game, -3 for the internet requirement.
Fun and addictinging but does not have parental controls and kids keep buying levels, will uninstall.
The game itself is worth 4 or 5 stars, but I hate paying to see ads.
Cannot update any more! HTC Desire S. Please fix, was 5 stars, but 2 now
Love the game, but I can't move it to the SD card.  Its over 30 mb and I just don't have the space.  Also why does it have a service that is always running?
They should just combine the games for one low price
Can't get pass the menu screens after update..... Galaxy Nexus ICS
Love the game. But it keeps kicking me out, shuting my tablet off or not coming up to play.   It plays longer if wifi is on but it still will kick me off
I paid $0.99 for it, but then all these new "Stories" and add-ons cost even more. its a little upsetting, that you can't just buy the game and then all the updates and stories be included in the original price. If they want to charge you more, they should have made a different app for each Story, instead of charge you in-app charges to add more. Its a great game and very fun and addicting, but so much extra money for udpates and add-ons instead of new games. the original price was for 200 levels and now double almost triple the price for, 100 levels? Really?
Originally 5 stars but after the update I am disappointed I have to pay more money for old levels and new levels.... I already paid... reduced stars and unhappy!!!
I love the game but I updated and now it wont even let me play the original swampy at all. Its really annoying. Come on I paid money for this and can't even play it.
Like this app. Good to distract kids
Dropped from 5*s to 2*s because my kid too easily spent real ca$h... Greed indeed.
I have a big dick.
Gives various reasons like cannot install in USB storage or sd card. Now it says the package is invalid! Do something! Totally not worth the money
And then it became expensive. Come on.. mystery ducks for $2? They're just remakes! 2 star since it used to be a great game
What's that??? Don't ley me up-grade the game.
I'm not usually one to pay for a game and I'm also not usually one to rate one, but this game called for it. Awesome puzzler that had me scratching my head at times and always keeps me coming back for more! GET THIS GAME, FREE OR PAID! UPDATE: since installing this latest update, I lost all of my progress in the game and I had gotten pretty far. All my achievements, all my ducks, gone!!! Also, freezes up frequently and when I exit the game, I still hear it in the background for like a minute. I h8 updates!!
I love the game. However, i got a new phone recently and downloaded it to that phone and now it will not allow me to play cranky's story(which I also purchesed), mystery duck, and lost levels. It wont even give me the option to buy the extra levels. I am extreamly unhappy about this.
I love this game! I have the free version. And i bought the full version,  but when i try downloading it says " package file not signed correctly" !! What do i do to fix it??
Keeps failing to update, says problem with SD card. All other apps updating OK.
Takes up 64 MB of space and it keeps growing.
Excellent, gets the brain working and I think the colours and graphics r great, but CAN'T update for some reason, please fix!
Won't complain about posting for updates because I am smart enough to know the difference between an update and an add on. My only issue is it keeps locking up and crashing on nexus s since installing mystery duck
2 dollars is still a lot for slightly modified levels  shouldn't be more than 1
Loved this game but dissapointed with the latest update. Paying for the extra content is not a problem but for a price that is 3x of the main game price is hell no. $1.99 is still way too pricey, if it goes down to $.99 or less, then I would buy the extra.. I wonder if anyone bought it when it was $3..lol
how the eff am I suppose to update? keeps sayin, package file invalid blah blah. prior to my ICS, twas easy to update. now, I've used my data so much and still won't update. frustrated! I miss Swampy Lol
I agree with armymamma I played the free version and paid for the editors choice and its not much different from the free version. I finished the game about 7 weeks ago and I'm still waiting on more levels. Stay with the free version don't buy. Fun game but this was a waste of money. Never again.
I loooove this game but it is always uninstalling on its own and i have to start all over...
Love this game and have all the levels beaten on my tablet. But with this latest update I can't load any of the levels, even the old levels. Please fix, as I will buy the magic duck levels as soon as it is fixed.
Fun game but the update download keeps getting stuck.
But it is very glitchy and lags.
Great game! But 4 some reason it keeps uninstalling! What am I doin wrong?
Agree with everyone about the greed of this game...but still a great game...wish that once you buy the game the other stories would be free...
Love the game but not paying $3 for an update. This is ridiculous.
One of the best games on the market! BUT, paying 2 pounds for the new levels is ridiculous. Disney is made of greed and they should be warned about what people are willing to put up with.
2£ for levels I've done and locking levels I've previously completed you having a laugh? whole game cost less and already forked out for cranky... this  is a joke
I have tried multiple times to get cranky's story, and it always tells me processing.....I hate that, plus now it is $2.99 for the mystery duck levels....what b.s. I think I will just stick with my angry birds.....
i cant play it.every time i open it says it closed unexpectedly.i dont know wht the problem iz?but can you help plesse!
Very nice game, but it's really shameful that disney should flex his muscles and force completely unrequired ( Change Wi-Fi state? ) permissions on users. I don't want a game to "connect to and disconnect from Wi-Fi access points, and to make changes to configured Wi-Fi networks.".
Can't update very annoying :/
I love this game but the Mystery Duck is a really cheap trick...
Hit play to see what the mystery duck was about, and it closed me out of the game completely.. no redirects, no "buy now"...
Game will no longer install on the Desire. Yes, it's not got the most internal memory, but it's got enough. Can you make the app small and download the data separately to SD? (like Gameloft games)
Latest version says it's not compatible with HTC Desire S.  What's that all about? Otherwise great game!
The game used to be great, but now it doesn't work after the ICS upgrade to my tablet.
Hi, Just purchased this amazing games for my Daughter and installed it in my HTC Evo 3D. Unfortunately unable to play the lost levels as assured by the game developer. False promise to lure the buyers; That is really scary. I am not going to buy any more apps from this developer unless they fix this issue.
Fun! Fun! Fun! I love this game! It's so fun! But I won't work anymore and that is really annoying and I want it to work. Fix
Its okay
Very addictive...BUT.. I purchased Crankys Story and it is stuck processing.. Otherwise 5 stars
just like brady with the aria mine wont install!!!!!! and i have 78MB storage
Frequently crashes my ICS Xoom snuff said.
Love it. But paid for the addon story and it wont download. Would be 5 stars if it didn't rip me off
Purchased the game and it's great but it seems to be no longer compatible with my HTC Wildfire S... Like WTH
I completed the free version and wanted more but it doesn't carry over you progress so I have to start again....
After update of my iconia 500, it became unplayable without wifi! Same issue with temple run brave, think the problem might be on the developer. Kindly fix this...
So it's a really fun game but I can't move to the next level even though I have passed the previous ones.  You're supposed to collect ducks in each level l,but it doesn't count the ones I collected.  Just frustrating since I paid money for this.
I don't find the concept, nor the artwork interesting. The levels aren't challenging. The water flows upwards???
SInce the update on my A500 it keeps crashing before it starts all the way up. Fix it please, Been a month and still crashes.
It wont even download! Everytime I refund and buy it again instead of loading, it just pauses the download and I dont know how to unpause!
Package file invalid. Wtf!!! Great game if it would let me instal.
Great game, bought additional levels and game just sits on processing.
It's good but it spams the notification bar :( and makes my battery die in like 10 min even when I'm not playing it. Don't get this.
Great game, but no-longer get updates or re-download it a bit of con when you have purchased this and the Cranky DLC. A shame really.
It worked until about a month ago please fix
this is a great game however the solution to fixing the problem updating cranky's sucks.....you lose all progress and have to start at the beginning )-: very disappointing
Worked for a hour now it won't open
Paid for cranky story and got nothing but the credit card bill :-(  I loves the game enough to pay for cranky and just got ripped off. Lame
really enjoyed this game until I updated it and when I went to buy crankys story it charged me but has not give me the add on just always says 'processing'
So I paid for crankys story ages ago n it still wont load n no1 is saying wats going on.... Sorry I love this game but players need to be looked after...
I love the game it is my favorite game on my phone well worth the dollar. However I paid the extra dollar to download crankys story and it doesn't let me play it when I go to it, it gives me a loading dial and says processing and I have not gotten my solar refined so it is awesome to pay a buck for a loading dial
Paid for crankys story a week ago. Game would get five stars if i got the rest of what i paid for.  Bad business!
I love the free version but i bought the full version and it won't download it keeps saying i don't have enough space when i do i made sure i do it was a waste of   .99 cents
My kid told me bout this game & now im addicted!
First game I ever bought. So addicting
It's really irritating to see the ad for Perry when I only want to play Water.
On both Samsung s2 and nexus 7 game crashes if there's no net connectivity.  Otherwise good fun and kids love it.
Not keeping up with my stars. Have to start level 2 all over cause it thinks I just started playing. Very frustrating. HTC EVO. Edit: I've noticed the game messes up every time I receive a text then it stops counting my stars. I have to uninstall and reinstall. please fix!
It is a fun and addicted game, however it took about 8% of battery usage on my Samsung GS3, even when I am not playing it. Hopefully they will fix the issue on next updates.
Love it
Fun and addicting but requires connection to wifi to play. Thats really fustrating when I want to play it and I can't.
The game is great, I have it on my phone but needing a WiFi connection to play on my nexus is surely some kind of mistake, otherwise 5 stars easily
Like many reviews here, I find the game very enjoyable and so do my kids. However I find that the game will not load if there is no Wi-Fi, which is really bad because you can play the iOS version without any Wi-Fi. This may also explain when playing, the poor battery life too. When fixed will change to 5 stars!!!!
I wish this game had more levels now....
It's a great game but it crashes trying to start when you are offline or while you are playing when it goes offline.  This is on the nexus 7.
A good game with challenging puzzles for the entire family. 3 stars only because app updates should be free not cost more than the game itself
Why does this game require internet access to play?  Would not have purchased if I knew this.
No cloud save for game progress is a major bump... Also asking for extra levels more money than game itself is a bit disappointing
Like the game but I purchased the new levels & its just a repeat of the free ones
Fun but needs new levels
Force closes on Nexus 7 when there's no data connection-very annoying.  Also, previously mentioned scroll bar issue-it takes up space on the screen so sometimes you're trying to dig and hit the scroll bar.  Otherwise, great game.
This is a great game n I have spent more on this than I would anyother game. But there has to b more updates iv finished it all this is gettin really annoyin after paying for this
...needs couple of fixes for the Nexus 7. - Doesn't launch without an Internet connection so can't play it on the train. - Becomes very unresponsive after a while and doesn't register swipes, sometimes requiring a reboot :-(  Otherwise would be a 5 star game.
Great game for when your bored or waiting around for something
Fun game but even pay version need web connection.  Upon launch with no connection game fails and closes.  Can see closing if free ad version but not pay version.  Need a fix then a 4 to maybe 5.
Will not work with out a data connect even paid for it won't work offline NEXUS 7...
But why does it force close if WiFi is off?  - Nexus 7
This is definitely a 5 star game with out a dought in my mind, bit you guys need to bring your focus back to this game and not some knock off (where's my Perry) I have purchase every one of the levels and would buy more but there is none and I will not buy the Perry one that's just rediculous please bring focus back to this great game and 5 stars it will be again!
I've installed a lot of games and landed up with my phone always downloading. Found out it was all the games exchanging inf and updating. Uncheck the update box!
Have had a problem with the app saying that it's not installed on my phone. I complained about it & was told to buy the cranky extension to fix the problem. Why should I have to pay more to fix their defective product?!?
But only app that makes my phone extremely hot and batteries die very quickly
This game takes forever to.download!!! Been.waiting for 20 min and not.even.half way!!!
... the app does not work when not connected to my wifi.  Didn't think it need an internet connection to work.  Other than that, great app!
Update is huge! I am unable to update it due to the size and it doesn't matter that it's on a memory card because it goes off of the phones storage.
Seriously updates should be free!! And there just te hashes!!!
I find it infuriating that I have to pay more than the game for extra levels which should have been free updates, or at least cheaper or the same price in a bundle.  My phone is also heating up like crazy whilst playing.  Besides these drawbacks, really good game!
Fun game but apparently you have to be connected to the Internet for it to work. If I don't have wifi and want to play I can't which is really stupid.
This game will not run if no active internet connection... But it is quite a good game :-)
i'd give five stars if it didn't crash so much on my nexus 7 that is the one downside to this game in my opinion Update: only crashes without internet If they fix this I'll give five stars
it keeps me busy but when you reach a certain level it goes black.... try fixing it and i will give a 5 start rating
All the levels should've been included .. overall good game
as the title says, whys the menu blank? I don't have access to any options, I did complete it before the last update, but since the last update the game just doesn't work, from 5 star down to 2 star, >:-( I'm not a happy Croc, its not where's my water, its where's my menu or where's my game >:-( - Nexus One
bought this game for my kids now I'm hooked but getting frustrated because even after it tells me i got x amount of ducks it won't register them so i can't unlock any new levels.  fix this & it's definitely a  4 1/2 - 5 stars.
Great Game, but crashes a lot since last update please fix
Awesome game, but seems to be getting greedy!! It'll end up costing 10 bucks soon here!
sdfsdfsdfdsfdsfdsfsddf
I bought it and enjoyed it but after it updated it wont let me download it again it keeps poping up saying insufficient space even though i have more than enough space on my phone and SD card.
Love this! Keeps my daughter busy with many levels :) BUT had trouble downloading and you to pay beyond the $0.99 for more.
This game was great on my Xoom but now it won't load any of the stories I have I get the main screen then just the background of the next.  Its a great game I just always have trouble with it
I have to admit I'm really addicted to this game, and I don't mind buying new sub games in it. It's the perfect type of game to play when you're sitting around. But I was out shopping with my nephew, and I gave him my nexus 7 to play this game and it kept closing as soon as we tried to open it. Apparently there is some validity check when you open it so you need internet. And that is unacceptable. I will keep playing it, but I'm really unhappy that I cant play it when I don't have internet access.
Makes my phone incredibly hot after 10 mins of playing. Doesn't happen with other games.
It consumes a lot of my battery and its the only app/game on my phone that makes my phone get hot! Why?  Also, even though it's a paid for game, you need to spend even more for more levels!
Its ok
Nexus 7  The app does not start when there is no network connection.
I love the game, dont mind paying for extra boards but can Disney please add more boards? I've been patiently waiting! !!
Fun game but crazy that you can't play it unless you have wi-fi connection. Otherwise I'd have given 5*
What the hell is with all these paid updates? You're really blowing up the cost of the game, and half the time the price isn't even worth what you get.
Brilliant game, brilliant idea, some really brilliant levels. But it doesn't work if I'm not connected to WiFi. Is there a reason for this? Its pretty annoying, hence only 3 stars.
Force closes without a data connection. This is an unacceptable form of DRM.
Tired of playing all the levels then erasing the memory from the game to replay them again. Add more levels as promised!
Waste of money and I don't even know how to get a refund
I like playing this game because it is free and fun, but it drains my battery very quickly.
This game is good however I am using it on my nexus 7 where I don't have internet connection on the go therefore I cant enjoy the game.
The app crashes and does not work for jelly bean nexus 7.
Graphics are poor and more levels cost a lot
I bought this game on my old handset then got rid of the phone i then downloaded it again on the newvphone now i dont have the other storys =\
Great game... You'll get five stars as soon as you fix the issue of the shortcut icon disappearing when I cycle power to my phone... Otherwise, very well done.
I agree with all the people saying that the makers of the game are greedy. Its funny seeing people go against the people that think the game is not greedy. Your just stupidly wasting your money. Maybe one day you'll grow up and realize that money doesn't grow on trees because your mom buys you everything.
Its ok nothing special
Good game but way to slow to load and needs to be updated more
I got kicked off everytime on the new game advertising page when I clicked to play this game. Please fix it.
Never had a problem until now. Phone restarts while playing.
I like the game but it keeps restarting it to the first level of the game. Please fix this(: thank you.
This game is excellent for such a huge age group. I enjoy playing it and often allows me to get my 3 year old to finally go to bed after numerous story books... But herein lies the problem. She inadvertently purchased add-ons because purchasing add-ons is what you are presented with when the game starts. She is 3. She can't read yet but she knows that buttons must be pushed to play the game. I am with @Per on this one. This is a 5 star game but if I cannot let my kid play it without worrying that she is going to waste money then the game is a no show. Excellent game but Epic #FAIL for marketing... My daughter loves Swampy and I will probably buy plenty of related stuff, but DON'T trick me into spending money which is what the start-up screen does.
Its a lot of fun graphics are nice physics work like they are  supposed to and my kids like it. Only drawback is that it stays running in the background till you kill it. Fix and I will add two more stars.
It crashes on the Nexus 7 when there is no network connection
Awesome game! It would have been better if we didn't have to pay for every pack of new level. This game def deserve five stars otherwise. Cheers
This is a really fun game.  It's very addicting and has cute graphics.  The frustrating thing is that it freezes up at least two or three times every time I play it.  Sometimes I have to force stop it.  If it didn't do that I would definitely give it 5 stars.
Bought the game for a buck, not bad, but when you tri duck every level, and find all the collection pieces, and tri duck all bonus levels in a day, it's kinda disappointing. Quicker FREE updates would be nice.
If you r going to call it the full game ten you shouldnt have to pay $3 to get more storys/levels
(:
Like          It.                                                                      It
Kinda sucks you have to keep paying to get the different levels.
I like this game quite a bit, however I was quite disappointed that I cannot play this game on the plane. It force closes on open before you see anything.
It's a cracking little game and I was awaiting new levels with great anticipation. Shame then that the latest version appears to be incompatible with my handset (HTC Desire S). Not sure why when the previous version was fine and the free version still appears in the market for me. Shame.
Never had a problem, love love love this game til i tried to play today and somehow the app was mysteriously uninstalled. I have no kids and there is no possible way i would've uninstalled the application. I dont know what happened and I'm pretty upset about it.
When I first got this game I was excited that you have over 300 levels for 0.99$ BUT low and behold I was wrong...with all the levels combined the game came out to be 6.00$...for an app? Really Disney? I ended up giving in and bought Cranky's story as well as the lost levels...I totally regret buying them now Crankys story did come with an extra 100 or so levels but the mystery ducks ARE NOT WORTH IT. Apparently Disney lowered the cost to.0.99$ only to drag you into 5.00$ more for a full game experience
I paid for the full app and all the extras... I recently had to reset my phone and when i downloaded the game again I can only play the swampy levels... The rest are kinda blacked out and i can't click on them to play!!!
We love this App my whole family plays it all the time.
I love this game, but it uses a lot of the battery power.
Dowwnloading taking 4 ever :/
I love this game, no problem with Cranky, everything run smoothly and agreeable battery consumption but mystery duck won't get my money. After playing 5 free reuse levels and nothing special with $1.99. No!
wont update due to an error? aggravaited lol
This game is awsome and creative. On the achievements, there used to be alot like tri duck the level, but now there is only 1 achievement for me , please make an update on this and also in the collection for  Out to dry, there is only 2 colletable, in the game i get the achievement but then it disappears. Please make update and i will make 5 stars.
I was charged twice for this app :-( the game is good tho
I would like to play the mystery duck levels- can't buy or unlock them on my Droid X2. All other levels tri-ducked.
I love the game, but why the hell do i need a open internet connection to run it?
Good game
Package file not signed correctly? How is that possible?
Very addict, if you like physics games. Don't try. I loose my girlfriend, thx to this. (Ok, this is a lie, but sounds good. ;-) My ZTE Blade sometimes bit slow to run this game smoothly, but playable this times too. The last update delete my game progress, that's why just 4 star...    Update:  If i try purchase 'MYSTERY DUCK STORY', it say:    Error retrieving information from server.  [DF-DIC-02]    But if i reinstall game (clean game progress/data), working fine. (Can purchase, and play.)  Nearly same thing happened early when try to buy Cranky's story: needs to start over the whole game...    Dear Disney!  You never testing, what happening if somebody really play this game, and not a new buyer??? Sad. :( Please hire a real player to testing!    Otherwise this game is still near the best game ever played on handy.
Its cool
Good game however cannot update...
Latest update keeps FC'ing. Even cleared data, uninstalled, and reinstalled. Can't play for more than like 5 minutes.
It wont update! Says error 416 I think? I have a DROIDX, any advice??
The most fun ever, however, the update is buggy.  Freezes phone, halts, stutters, stops, drains battery like a fiend, and won't let me exit program (I have to force stop).  Some of the screens are fuzzy (like the blue tile "loading" screen.  I'm still playing, but please fix.
Tis okay
The newest update just keeps reloading... now I can't even play at all...
HTC rhyme, but can't install the update, I unistalled and now says I can't install even though everything else updates fine...
Fun but buggy, I had to uninstall lose all my game data then reinstall to get the cranky levels I paid for.
With the new update I now see a service running for the game. If I kill it, it just starts up again. What needs to be running when I'm not playing? Downgrading 5 to 3 stars.
Keeps crashing won't allow me to open it after this last update. Other then that its an awesome game
This was my very favourite game till the latest updates are coming..and now that the game is updated, i can't play any of it's game at all..please fix it...
Love the the game but it murders my battery. Can't play it without my charger handy.
Samsung galaxy nexus... fails downloading at 30% and made the mistake of uninstalling it.  Will be back up to 5 stars once I get it installed again.
I'm addicted, but downloaded latest update on my android phone hoping it would fix the cranky issue, and now I can't play it at all.  Seriously hope the reinstall works since I paid for cranky....not sure I want to pay $ 3 for new levels that might jack up the app again.  Get some better unit testers.
why do I have to keep rebuying this app.  Each time I have gotten a new phone I have had to repurchase it AND ONLY IT. All my others were in my apps for me to reinstall.  I love the game but hate that I've paid $5.00 for it.
Not going to pay $3 for more levels that I'm going to wait months for updates! NO WAY! Thanks for making it a dollar cheaper
Can't purchase mystery duck levels. Why release an update that doesn't work?
Come on guys. More content for paying customers (and those who bought the first expansion), and less extra junk to buy.
This is a great game. It looks gorgeous on my 720p screen on the HTC One X. But...it drains my battery like crazy and make my device hot. After five minutes of game play I lost 8% of battery. Not sure what's going on there. EDIT: I just can't play this game for more than 5 minutes for fear it will damage my device. The game makes my phone too hot to touch. Other games such as Shadowgun runs much cooler. I know how fragmented the Android community is, but I think this has to do with a lack of optimization of the Adreno processor. Plus, DLC pricing is not the same as iOS, which I think is unfair. You're asking customers to pay more for less.
However the additional levels are ridiculously expensive. They should not cost more than the original game!
I love this game but I tried to uninstall then reinstall to fix the cranky story problem but now i can't reinstall the game.
The latest update has broken the game. It crashes when ever I try to play.
I paid for it few days ago, but until now I am still unable to play the game.... It keep on showing "processing".... Where is my game.... Where is my money...
Permission change
That's way to much for rehash levels...  No thanks
As the greed has crept in.
in his cryogenic chamber about the rising price of add-ons for this game. Loaded it on my device and it is stuck at the "loading..." screen  Yabba-dabbd-dont buy this
Too many In app purchases in the game now.  Im glad we get some stuff for free, but like 80% of the suff you have to buy extra now.. Even with the new Where's My Perrry on the main menu, it says "try" so I thought it would let me try a few levels, and it takes me to Play Store to buy the app, no demo. Also the game could do with cloud game save to sae progress on Google Drive.. I recently wiped my phone and lost all my progress and now I can't play Rising Tide until I unlock everything again.
Making the majority pay 3x as much as Apple. Not cute at all .  .  .
Hmmm, love this game
Love playing this game but I can't install the update?? It keeps saying package file is invalid please fix it.
You want money for where's my perry, money for the cranky parts and now more money for mystery? Enough is enough.
I keep seeing "more free levels to come" which is awesome, but then I see yet another "expansion" that isn't free. I bought Cranky's levels and I will buy no more.
But I hate the in-app purchases...
When I bought this game of course they didn't know how fast it would go. I fell in love with it playing hours at a time. Now after buying one I am forced to buy another. then I see they have a where's my Perry? Same game different characters. Why not add it to the swampy series. Trying to make more money from those who know how cool the game is
I need to pay every single thing?!
WTH need $3 to unlock Mystery Duck Story?!
Bought Cranky with no problem, but the new mystery duck stuff costs $3 to reuse previous areas? It should be $1. Between this and the pay to unlock, this game is showing its greed roots sadly.
Won't let me update due to error 492 for some reason
i finished all the levels with all the ducks!!.  i rate a 3stars just because theres no new levels on the full app and on the free versions theres 3 new stages!!! NEW LEVELS PLEASE!!
Woooooooo
This game deserves 5 stars, but because it drains my battery in less than 30 minutes, I have to give it 3 stars..
Great game, but I bought cranky's story and it won't download! I uninstalled and rebooted then reinstalled per dev rec. and now I have lost the free levels and cranky. It wont let me click on eiter. In addition, I have lost al l progress. Moral of the story? If you know there is a problem don't continue to sell the product until you fix it. I read the description and there is no mention of download problems. I would have given this app 5 stars if not for this.
Love the game, very addictive but when I downloaded it to my samsung galaxy tab 2 it restarted my tablet after 7 levels.
Great pass time
Gr8 but scores cannot be transferred when changing phone so one has to start over :(
But cut of bin three so 3 stars
Cranky will not update.
Somethings wrong with mine. It just wont show anything after i click play when it should show the levels to select.
Good game to pass time and keep the mind working.
Love the game a lot and so does my 10 yr old, but now I have the paid version and out won't open up for 3 days straight. Not happy.
Ttt
Its ok, ok, ok.
The game is a good game but it freezes after about 20 min.  If that was fixed it would be a five star game.
Fun game but I dont know why crankys chapter cost more than the actual game does i think if you purchase the game all the chapters should be included with the purchase of the game hopefully this can be fixed
I'd rate this 5 stars but you can't transfer your progress between devices.
I love this game but and bought the full version months ago but when my HTC did its system update and I got google play it now let's my play but doesn't show up on my apps and won't update anymore really disappointed I want to play this game more !
Desire has a max download size of 35 mb. As such, we are no longer able to update. Don't do what I did and uninstall, or else you're screwed. Pls thumbs up to share this info.
I purchased Cranky's Story this evening & it is STILL in the processing phase of the purchase I guess, as I am not able to play it.  I love the Where's My Water? application (as does my 5 yr old son) and we have completed all of the levels thus far.  So I purchased Cranky's Story so we have some new levels to play.  PLEASE get your stuff together on this application!!!  It's becoming quite frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I gave three stars because of the difficulty with Cranky's Story.  If it would work (in a timely manner) I would rate the full 5 stars.
I love this game its so much fun and addicting, but all of a sudden its force closing i dont know what happened i wish it went back to normal so i can play "/ PLEASE FIX!!!
I have more than 70mb in memory but still it is not able to download... It keep saying there is no space... :-(
It's lots of fun, with clean animations and all that. Only problem I have is that if I'm running ANY other apps on my tablet (Moto Xoom), and then go to open this, it freezes the tablet and causes a reboot. Very not cool.
Want to buy and PLAY crankys story but game is messed up please Help
Would be 5 stars but it needs so much space to update.
Paid for cranky game but always says "processing" Why is this the case? Been weeks now....fix or refund
Loved the game but the only issue which knocks it down from 5 star is I have paid for crakys story but it will not download stuck on processing please fix
Can't play offline. Which is horrible..... make avail offline and it would get 5 stars
bought it weeks ago, still wont let me play. stuck on processing screen.
I love this game and it is addicting. The only problem is when I play it on my galaxy tab2 7.0, it wont work because it doesnt use 4g. So I have to be in wifi to play it. Please fix that.
Would be 5 stars but I paid for cranky's story over 2 weeks ago and still can't play it...either fix it or refund my money
Like everyone else, I too purchased Cranky's story and am unable to download it.  It gets stuck on processing.  I even uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but it did not solve the issue.  I am eager for this to be fixed.
Very addictive can't put this game down
Magically disappeared from my phone now won't reinstall? I paid for this app and can't use it!!
Entertaining and fills gaps of boredom nicely x
Cant stop playing....
I tryed to buy cranky stores wont download on droid 3. Please fix
I just can't stop playing this because it's so addictive. However the game will force me to stop and open up my whole Xperia mini and venoud the battery as it keeps causing my back/escape button to keep being pressed and I can't do anything about it.  It also continues to run even if I quit the application properly. Didn't expect these from a Disney application :-(.
My son played this game on the web, and he loved it so much that when he asked me to buy this for my new tablet, I gave in. The game is great, and my kids love it. I was very disappointed to discover that this game requires internet to start up properly. Since my device is not a phone, this makes it impossible for my kids to play it in the car. When we tried, we got a black screen followed by an error message that disappeared too fast to read. Also, Cranky's story refused to install properly when purchased.
Loved the free version so I bought the full but won't let me install... I have 72MB of storage an the game is only 35???plz fix
Using the BACK button doesn't really close the app. Please fix. Otherwise, great game! And lag-free too.
Love the game, but I see others are having the same issue trying to download cranky's story after purchasing and getting and endless 'processing' screen.
I purchased Crankys story & keep getting already purchased & processing & now since the latest update I can't get the game to open at all. Not happy, but usually love this game.
Love this game but its starting to shut my phone off when I go to play it .....
I bought crankys story but it hasnt downloaded. It takes a very long time.
Please fix that bug after purchasing Cranky's story.. it keeps saying processing :(
Bought Cranky's story and had to delete the game losing all progress to access it...
Paid for crankys story but cant do nothing keeps saying processing pls pls help
Fix it.  after purchasing cranky's story I cannot play. fix it. after all I have paid.
I bought cranky and cant play it too. Stuck at processing.i'm using galaxy tablet 7 plus. Do something or refund please.
I paid for crankys story a month ago and still havent got n it yet plz fix but the game is good
Lots a fun the free version was kinda easy but I'm about to buy the full version maybe I'm I'll get a challenge . Still, I really liked this game.
Pay for a game to pay more later. The initial levels are great, the additional levels are great  but paying more and more and more is outrageous! Also, there's a few minor things that need improving.
I'm totally addicted to this game. But... I'm also a broke person without a credit card. I begged a friend to put the 99 cent charge on their card. Well come to find out u have to pay for all the other levels too and they are a lot more then 99 cents. I guess u can say I'm totally s.o.l. poor me :(
Totally addicting. Major battery killer though. So much fun. Star deducted for the battery killer issue.
I love these games but it's been freezing and skipping.. Please fix. Thank you =)
Very, very laggy after new updates.
Such a fun addicting app, love it!
All my kids love it.......okay, me too!!
Good game, poor choice to force WiFi. On Nexus 7. If I hadn't already used this game on my phone months ago I would request a refund. I paid for a single player game, what is the reason for a connection?!
Love this game, but my handphone is getting very hot. It wasn't with the first version. Please fix it.
... more like WHERE'S MY CRACK?!  Even though the gameplay is awesome, I'm docking off a star because of the numerous in-game up$ell$ (not cool, Disney; just charge us upfront a fair price for all parts and future addons - the game will sell through word of mouth) and because the game makes my phone hot - draining the battery very fast.  I'd rather have an optimized engine and less 'realistic physics' if it means I can play for 6 - 10 hours instead of 2.  The game itself is great though....
I liked it enough to pay for it
Why do you have to be connected to internet to play?  Did not know this, let my son play for half hour off our HotSpot internet.  Used up all of our data usage for the month.  I don't see any reason you have to be connected to play the game.  I want my money back!
Why do you have to be connected to internet to play?  Did not know this, let my son play for half hour off our HotSpot internet.  Used up all of our data usage for the month.  I don't see any reason you have to be connected to play the game.  I want my money back!
Awesome addictive game! I've already played all the levels waiting for more to be added. I don't like that you have to purchase the other versions especially since I bought the game their levels should be included. But oh well I love this game please update with new levels soon! I miss playing
I've had the game for awhile now (bought version) and I've been waiting on the new levels. When are they coming?
One of my favs!!!! <3
My lil girl loves it but if I have the problems I have read they it will be deleted
Myfive year old son loves this game. And it has helped him to develop a logical set of problem solving skills. All for only a buck! Great buy!
Fun game but with two major flaws: one, if it has no Internet it just crashes. Which is a huge killer especially on tablets. Two, additional levels are an in app purchase and even more expensive than the game. In app purchases are bad at the best of times but are unacceptable in kids games. Combine that with the crashes without internet and... sorry Disney, I know you can do much better than this.
My mom bought this game for me and it is great,fun and creative, but they want you to buy all of those levels for alot of money 3 dollors u must be kidding Me and there r like 10 of them to purchase thats messed up . Disneys gone cheap on  us, IT SHOULD BE INCLuDED WITH THE GAME WE  ALREADY PURCHASED . I thought it was only 1.00 now im sad because u can go threw alot of games in one day'... But it is fun,and it helps u with puzzles,and mazes... but it should all be included in the package.FIX It.I DO LUV IT
A simple concept that can be challenging and fun. I can't stop playing!!!!
The size it too big to download. Please make it able to be put on SD card. Asap. Thank.
Very lagging & freeze on ICS.
Minus one star for asking for a rating. You're above that, Disney.
Good game for everybody
I love this game, it was originally down loaded for my daughter but I have gotten more attached then she has
Pretty good could use some work I'll give it 4 stars
Controls are easy to use. New features are introduced in each chapter. I don't like that it crashes without a data connection
Cant play when not connected to wifi on galaxy tab 10.1. Force closes,but works fine on my galaxy S2. please fix this & you deserve a 5 star.
I love this game but the proplem is that you have to pay for the mystery duck and crankys storys which is to much and not worth paying for them. Please give them for free or even cheaper price like 40p for one and 60p for the crankys story.
And Cranky too!
Addictive game in an intriguing way!
Great game would give it five if it didn't have to reload and pause every time I get a notifications annoying.
This game is fun
Very addictive
Real fun, and a good balance between challenge and playability.  A real battery drainer! Huge impact on battery life.
But having to party for all the levels. No Bueno
Awesome,addictive game! Only complaint we have is the updates do not come fast enough or often enough! If they did 5 stars no problem!
Very entertaining, unique puzzle game.
Great for kids and adults.
Enough content to last a while but the expansions don't seem worth it, reused levels seem expensive.
I love this game, but it will not launch without an internet connection
So much fun for. 99!
Awesome...totally kept me from getting anything done for a week... just want new levels.
Bought it for my 5 yr old girl... She has me hooked on it now! Great app!!!
Bought it for my 5 yr old girl... She has me hooked on it now! Great app!!!
Pretty cool, Disney rocks as always
Takes up a lot of Battery life and sometimes freezes but it is actually a PRETTY good game.
Proper good fun, but 1gripe tho on the bigger levels having to scroll down is very awkward and fiddly Samsung galaxy 2
Where's  my water is really fun but hard
Needs update
Good times
I love the game, but I agree with the other reviewers comments regarding having to pay for extra levels. Updates should include the levels free of charge once you purchase the app...otherwise, I'd give it a solid five. (Love Swampy! :-) )
It was really good but I wish I could have minecraft pocket edetion
No probs on  Acer tablet
I have the purchased version and mostly I like it, BUT! This is the second time it has uninstalled itself. I hope I don't have to start over from scratch.
Good graphics, physics and mechanics.
I got the free version at first but then I got the 99cent version and it was amazing the only thing is that aftercare 30min my screen is so hot and only  have 50% the battery I had before and it took forever to download
My daughter taught he how to play and she is 7. I have a lot of fun playing with her. The ones that I can't figure out she does lol
This version comes with 100s of levels but if you want to unlock upper levels without playing lower levela you have to pay per level
but with the latest update it started to crash until I reset my profile, so I lost all my progress. It's sad since I purchased the very 1st version and was upgrading since then.
Would be five stars but I paid for it and am still waiting for more levels
its so much fun but with nexus 7 cannot play without WiFi :\ please fix!!!!
Absolutely adicting. However I bought the game... Why do I have to pay for upgrades????
Goood
Love this game, both Swampy & Cranky stories.
On gripe, VERY blurry
My wife takes my phone to play this game you should make it available for windows phones.
Are they,ever going to update because i have to play the same levels  all,the time android is so slow i need a phone update,than.
"Where's My Water?" Is a great game. Nice cartoon like graphics. Nice, smooth faceplate. No real glitches. Swampys story is the original main game and after the purchase of the game that is plenty of gameplay for hours and hours. In app purchases can be made like Crankys story, or the magic duck challenges. Crankys story is very much like swampys. The magic duck challenges are totally different and add a lot of replay value for 1.99 as of now. Crankys story is also 1.99 All of this makes this app essential.
VERY ADDICTIVE
The scroll bar needs a revamp. When you need to scrape on the sides of the screen the scroll bar EASILY gets n the way. You'll end up jumping the screen. Especially frustrating when timing is crucial. Come up with a solution that doesn't involve having to start your drag way off from the edge. That's of ideal seeing as sometimes you have to scrap a very specific area or amount.
This is great!
Frustrating but in a good way. Never give 5 stars but very close. Keep the challenges coming.
Awesome!!!
Entertaining game, just eats my battery away
... No update from me.
I've never seen a game's free version having levels that the paid version doesn't! More reasonable and frequent updates will give you 5 stars.
Love it!! Cute game..
Good game but mine only works in WiFi zones on the nexus 7, please patch Disney.
The game is no doubt addictive but it seems fine to pay for the initial however with every new twist i dont think i would be buying nd tht too at about 3$s!!
Seriously. This is a unique game,
But crashes without an internet access otherwise would be 5*
Lots of
Its soooo good
(I can't install the game. I try install again, but, nothing...). I do it. Great game.
I agree that there shouldn't be advertisements. It is standard to not have ads on a paid version. Personally, I'm sick and tired of people who assume that because someone complained about something, or because they think disney is greedy, that they must be on welfare. You must have a job. Hooray for you, oh wise, productive citizen. Get a life to complement your job. Hey disney: ads on a kids game is not user friendly, and makes the whole greedy rep a lot more believeable. Get a clue
It's a great game loved the challenge of getting 3 ducks on all levels. Problem is it heats the device up so much in a matter of minutes thay my hands start to burn and I must take my phone apart to cool off the battery. If it gets to hot my phone freezes. Disney should have named it "Where's my Battery?"
Im soooo in love with this game !! It needs more levels
Good game for my four year old. Thanks
Woo
The only thing that I don't like about this is that I can usually only play a game or two before it lags horribly. As for the price, we pay ten times the cost of the game on a single meal. The game lasts longer. Totally worth it.
Really fun. I get into it. I will play for hours at a time or until my phone goes dead
Awesome game but problems downloading it to phone
Puzzles were good but sort of easy ones
this game is really interesting! but doing this game, my cellphone gets a lot of heat. is there this problem in only my cellphone?
I love this game and have no problem paying for the extras, it is just money after all! On the other hand, I would like updates more frequently seeing as I did pay for everything....
This game is very fun and addicting, but it needs a easy quick exit. Angry Birds took a while to straighten it out too.
So addictive
fun and addicting
Whenever I exit out of the game and I try to go back in it later without closing the app, it gets the loading screen but freezes when it is done loading. I then have to open the task manager wigdet to vlose it and then reopen it.
Homescreen uses about 30sec on resetting every time I exit the game. Annoying. HTC Desire HD
Haven't had too many updates but still fun
Fun
I love this game.
Great, fun, and entertaining that how to decribe it.  Its one of the few games I bought the full game of.  :)
Enjoyed most of the levels.
The swampy game that keeps getting free updates is more than enough to tide me over for the price of 63 pence. Whilst its great to see continued support with more DLC I shan't be buying them, however those complaining about the prices of the addons would do well to look at other companies pricing policies and be happy this isn't COD swampy edition.
Even $2 (let alone $3) is too much for levels we've already played through ("Mystery Duck"). "Cranky's Story" price was reasonable for what you get and I had no complaints but this is extremely disappointing.
I bought "Mystery Duck" thinking it'll have new levels or something. Or may be different story, but you guys made the ducks smaller or little bigger. And the levels are exactly same as original "Where is my Water?" I think it was at least more than $2.  I wouldn't mind paying for it as long as it has different levels. But charging more than 2 backs for not original levels is just a rip off. PLEASE DON'T DO THAT AGAIN WITH CRANK'S STORY.
Love it
tis game make me crazy to.play tis game but is ok to ply if i finish tis swanpy but i im tryying to granky or grun ky oh i don know the name but anyways is good.. juz play it.
Cant get enough, but hate paying for every story.
Cute and puzzles require a little of thinking. Good to spend playing this on lazy Sunday afternoon.
(:
My only complaint is that i'm not able to fulfill all of the achievements. Where is this Hearts and Crafts level? I don't have it and have no clue how to get it. Why include it as an achievement to earn if you don't even make the level available?
The best
My son 6 year old loves the game but its too easy for him to buy the extras. I have my account pin protected and he still bout them.
Back to being a great game now that I can use it again.
The game itself is worth 4 or 5 stars, but I hate paying to see ads.
Fun game but a real let down that the different stories cost more than the original.
Purchased cranky's story, but it refuses to load. Please help...
Really fun with new levels really want to play
It was a perfect game before i updated my htc sensation xe from GB to ICS, now it takes forever to load one level to another level
The best of the best
My son loves this game!
Hi ok well by
Good game. Very addictive. I have reset the game several times while waiting for more levels. It stinks that you have to pay for so many of the updates
The puzzles are fun, animation is great, but the game doesn't close from task manager so I deducted a star.
It's addicting, but why do I have to pay for more levels when I already have the PAID version. I didn't have to pay any extra on my iPad.
My full version won't work if no wifi connection.. pls help howto solve this
Ok problem solving game, many problems can be fluked, but heaps of fun anyway!
Great, but it does get a tad boring after a while.
So so addictive
Addicting to play, difficult to put down but get forced to because it is a graphics hog
I play but i got an error when i go back to levels. Try to solve it about game its good.
Awesome!!!
Fun but just a little bit challenging.
Very fun, but cannot unlock levels with the locksmith
Great game... Just hard sometimes to figure out..
It's a great game. My 3 year old even enjoys playing it. I'm ready 4 my levels
Dropping my review from five stars to four because of the cost of the mystery duck levels.  Price is too high, especially for a replay of old levels.
Good problem solving for all levels.
It is ONLY $0.99 the Mystery Duck in iOS. Why do we have to pay $2.00 more in Android! Please fix that if it is bugged.
needs more levels
Its a awesome game that can solve problems. It could be better of the other levels wouldn't been charged.
Yhis is a really good addicting game would be 4 stars if it didnt rinse my battery improve this ans it would be 5 stars all day long.
Yes, I suppose we are being rinsed for more cash. Then again, it takes longer to complete than some console games. Stop moaning and enjoy it!
The only thing wrong is i had an error and it lasted about 15-24 hours. IT IT WORTH THE MONEY!!!! Its so awesome I bought it on my pod touch also. I would so buy it!
After awhile it gets boring.
Great game to kill time
Nice GUI...nice story...everything is nice...just a bit laggy on my phone...otherwise perfect!
It seems that now I have to have an internet connection to play, if I'm not connected to the internet the game force closes on me now and it never used to do that.
very addicting, simple game to take your mind off of the everyday!
An entertaining game, giving 4 stars because Disney attempts to nickel and dime you for different stories and such.
I am having an issue with downloading the new levels.  Its says that there is an error and that I have no space available, but I have plenty of room I even uninstalled items to see if that would help but no go.  Please help
This game is so awesome with a side of awesome sause!!!!!
Good game but I donlowds really slow please fix that
Good game
it keep saying "package file bisa invalid". Please help...
Depending on age of child .
Love it
My daughters love this game and the strategy involved :)
Great problem solving game.
Why do i have to purchase cranky story again when i've already purchased it previously?! Re-installed the game because it cant get my cranky to load but i have to buy again?!! noooo~
Won't let me update won't install to sd or anything
Very funny !
An undo button would be nice though.
I can't get mystery duck to update! It shows it there, if I click for free levels it shows the levels but just quacks (like the ducks do on the home screen) if I purchase it then it says error...anybody else have this problem?
I can't download Mystery Duck...I'm trying to buy it, but I just can't
Fun for all ages. Just worried about getting stuck. Where do go for help?
List a star coz it needs wifi to play. If it wasn't for that, this game is great, really clever, makes you think, loss of levels, vet fun!
Have thinner drawing capabilities.
Vannpgammw
Keeps u irritated, hooked and have a sense of satisfaction when successful in a level!
I got this game when it was only .99¢ this is one of my favorite games why the price has gone up
My favorite and probably the best android game I have ever played. Cheap, polished, TONS of levels, in every level pack we get new gameplay elements.. I can't praise this game enough.  My final grade is, without a doubt, 5 stars. Update v1.7.0 - Dropping to four stars temporarily because of the insanely high cost of Mystery Duck pack, developers need to see ratings drop because of their decision to charge us $3. Update v1.7.0 v2 - Disney dropped Mystery Duck price to $2 but it's still not good enough, they should not charge us more than $1 for rehashed levels.
Fun and cool
Great game
psych me up..
psych me up..
Best game I have ever played on my phone. Angry birds bores the hell out of me this game tops that game my infinity!
Physics physics and physics.
Awesome game
But it is very glitchy and lags.
Love the series, but until it's the same price as the other expansions it's no Mystery Duck for me :-)
Review has dropped one star due to the price of the new duck levels.  £1.94 for old levels. Very much enjoyed the new mud levels, but the duck levels are TOO EXPENSIVE! I hope Disney aren't going the way of Angry Birds and just cash in on their success here. I gave up on Angry Birds long ago because of their pricing / advertising policy.
Bought it in the sale! Very addictive!  Edit: this file is getting big..
I just don't like sometimes you just can't get ducks, therefore not being able to unlock a new chapter.
I liked the game all around. Graphics could use a little work, but it was enyertaining.
I reinstalled my phone twice and wheres my water got wiped and need to restart from lvl 1..pls use online save or import save to sd
lots of fun and not too hard
Had to move to phone for update worked fine, moved back to sd card.... Simples,
Other stories must also be readily available without any price
Yay!
But precision control could be tough on smaller screen......great value! ($0.25)!!!!  Love the latest update (mud)
Package file invalid
I also purchased cranky but the game never allowed me to play. I'd be more upset if it wasn't just a dollar. Over all swampy rocks
Really good but won't let me download cranky story
Pretty good game
Updated today and now no longer runs once the animation has finished on level 'stretched thin' L1. Goes straight to home screen. HTC desire ics, please fix as its my son's favorite game.
When I bought this game of course they didn't know how fast it would go. I fell in love with it playing hours at a time. Now after buying one I am forced to buy another. then I see they have a where's my Perry? Same game different characters. Why not add it to the swampy series. Trying to make more money from those who know how cool the game is
This game is really great. The only drawback is that in small screens, things might be more difficult, than they should be...
Love this game but when it gets an update I have to uninstall and reinstall, on the plus side I get to do it all over again
I have to lose my progress to play Cranky's Story. If more people emailed and gave it a lower rating they might fix it
Not bad
Fun physics game
Best game, -1 star for me always having to hear my friend boast about how Apple gets updated so much sooner! Give me the levels!!
It's  addictive !!!!
Cool
I'm hooked, the only thing that would make this app any better would be more frequent level additions. Get this app, you will not be disappointed. Just be careful not to get fired playing it at work.
Good game and glad to see you keep updating the free version with new levels and those who paid get nothing.
Fun game and also challenging.But kinda hard to be played at gakaxy s2 because the screen isnt big enough.
Needs new update
Good time passing game, with some challenging levels.
Force close and self uninstall sometime..  I have to restart the game again. I have been uninstalling and reinstall this game for a few time since i bought it
I love WHERE'S MY WATER!!!!!!!!!!!
It would be better if it took less of a toll on the battery.
Graphics aren't stunning an can be laggy, but overall a good game
This is the best game ever!
I've been disappointed by previous Disney "theme" games but this one breaks the mold and is actually very good. Minus 1 star for monotonous first few levels.
Love this game, very cute and entertaining :]
Excellent game, but reloading takes some time after it wakes up from background
So fun and addicting. Disappointed I bought the full version but then it wants me to pay more for more levels. It should be included in one price.
Please fix gets stuck on processing when I purchased crankys story can't play
fantastic game!
Okla. I confirm buy a full version.
At first I thought, this can't be any fun...then I got hooked. It is a very addictive and fun game!
I got charged $1.99 for the app+ cranky's story, but I did not get cranky!! Help please
Love the game, very addictive but when I downloaded it to my samsung galaxy tab 2 it restarted my tablet after 7 levels.
The version on ipod/iphone/ipad got an update today. When will android get one?
Need a pen but fine game
Great game gave 4 stars due to issue downloading crankys stary. My 3 year old and I both love playing this game
Cool game. I really like it
ITS VERY FUN N ENTERTAINING!!!
It says can't download on USB or SD card... And now I can't refund!
Sad you gave to buy a lot
I love it! I play too much and stop when I need to charge my battery. It does eat a lit of battery and UT doesn't even stop my phone from sleeping. Wish it did. Sleeps mid level sometimes. great game though.
Awesomely fun game, but has a big bug. I cleared the game and then bought the add on, but the addon didn't work. Apparently it's a known issue. Had to reset the game to get it working. Fix the integration issue please.
Warning to all, once you start playing it is impossible to put down!
There is plenty of levels increasing in difficulty. Much fun
Good clever cheap fun
Addictive and fun puzzles.
Not bad there is an app to buy after u pay a dollar which makes no since!!
Qua
Nice game ..i need more upgrading ...
Me and my son can't seem to quit playing this!
I love this game it is a great challenge l!
Addictive! I have no complaints!
WMW >>> Angry Birds
Fun for hours.
I like the hidden objects and collection bonus games.  Trial and error to figure things out.  I like that you can go back and improve on scores.  I didn't try free version first, so can't make comparisons.
I am enjoying the challenge of each game, but at times feel a bit frustrated by the lack of "help" or explanations.  Even with that said, I would highly recommend this game.
Lots of fun simple yet entertaining
But other than that I love it!
It makes u think ....and is fun.... But can be a little slow when loading
Fun in my s3
Cute Game... Fun filled!
Love the dynamics of this game. Should I dare say it, better than Angry Birds.
Lots of fun to play. Very frustrating when my phone times out while I'm trying to solve a level. Can you make WMW override that function on my phone? 5 stars when you do.
Anybody get this to work?  Great game otherwise!  Samsung Galaxy
This is a good game but its a large download. Not everyone has the space for this in their phone memory.
But not the best, since there's pack that we must buy again although we already pay for this game...
Great game! Beaten all levels too. Needs updates through
To play the cranky story I had to reinstall the game and lose my game score. Otherwise a really fun game!
Graphics could be more mature but all in all very fun game!
Great game just needs more levels
Did not realise I spent 2 hrs non stop.......awsome companion on the flight....worth
Esta.chido
I love this game but I need more levels
Would give 5 stars if I could play Crankys story. Am also stuck on processing after purchasing. Please fix. HTC Thunderbolt
Great stuff.
It worth  2 buy it
My son really love playing this game
Very addictive and fun
Good game, have had some issues with game progress not saving. But overall fun game
Alus euy...
This game is very addictive
:)
Passes time bye, challenging as well . Worth a $1
Very nice game but has a few sound problems on my phone....
Its a little buggy when it first starts up, but not a bad game overall. Some of the levels are really challenging. Its fun and a time-killer. Best things you can ask for in a game. Haha.
Easy amd addicting
My 7 yr old and I love this game and have completed all the levels and bonus levels as well! I just wish that when you get stuck on one that there was an option for a hint to help you out with it!
Very fun and addictive. Only problem is it uses a lot of battery and needs more levels.
Its good , but everytime I try to install it , it says insufficent space. I have also cleaned my phone from extra applications
Better than chewing on leads
Ну очень добрая и славная игрушка. Подходит всем, независимо от пола и возраста!
Fun game to kill time.
Very addicting
Great game but some glitch makes my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 restart during games. I noticed the same comment previously from another tab 2 user. Is there a fix for this.
i love it
I know there is a bunch of people telling you to do this but I just want to help you guys get free money. Just go to the google play. Download an app called app trailers. Go to videos tab. Find where it says bonus code and enter gnman . I really hope you guys like it.
But why I have to restart my progress after I update my firmware?
If we not touch the screen,the screen will sleep altrough the game still running..about this game very best,i 1st play with free version untill I buy this game..mybe I want buy this game version cranky..hehehe..but please fix the sleep screen..that why I give 4 star..if u fix this problem,i give 10 star..hahaha..
I bought the full version and if would be great if I didn't have to download the free version just to play 12 days of summer. I know you made the lost levels available to us but it would be nice if I could play. Them as they come available, after all I did buy it.
Loved this game. But please fix crankys story.
love it!!!
Awesome!
Needs more levels
We love it!
Lotsa fun!
Good game just went thru it to fast.
This game is super addictive but having problems trying to download crankys story even though iv payed for it, it just gets stuck on the processing screen. Please fix asap not happy paying for things i can't download.
Something to do but not very challenging.... Yet!!
Great game, would give five stars however every time I get a text message the game automatically refreshes itself and then pauses. I don't lose my place but it is terribly annoying. DROID RAZR
I bought cranky story and I'm stuck on processing it won't let me play the game
I normally don't let my kids play too much games but this is a wonderful for there little brains.  Love it.
This game is so fun!!! But really when is the next update??? :-) Need more levels!!!!
Thia game is great!!! I love it and my kids even took a liking to it.  Please add more levels. I am at a standstill as I have finished allcthe levels and got all the ducks.
Great game but please sort out Cranky's story as it still hasn't downloaded after I paid 2 days ago...
Game is super addictive, and fun. There needs to be more levels
Fun!!
After the last few delinquent updates i have decided this app not worthy of 5 stars. The last handful of updates were extremely behind the ios releases after falsely advertising as already available for droid. Great game. Bad product delivery for pay in advance.
Great game. Annoying that I had to uninstall in order to get cranked story to work though.
I do love this game and just wanted more levels. Now, like many others, my purchase of cranky's story won't finish processing. :( please fix it...
We love this game. All my family play it. Recommend to buy for family.
COOL
If WiFi isn't on and connected to some WiFi point, the game will error out immediately upon opening it.
Very addicting game nice smooth graphics
Not very challenging but I find myself going back to some stages to improve my score pretty often
Great game kids and I love itself
This i's am awesome game.
I think that this game was sponcerd by disney and that is whyit gets good revues but I like the game very good!
Gets stuck on processing after purchase. Great gs otherwise! But I'd like the extra levels I've paid out for :-)
A lil more instruction would be the only reason for 4 stars. Other then that it's great!
Disney Needs to fix this game. It won't download on my phone after it uninstalled itself and it has refused to update. This has been going on for months, and it's not my phone the same thing has happened to several friends. FIX IT!
This game is very fun, specially if you like problem solving games, but there's a problem with the downloadable content. Luckily it was fixed but at the cost of all my saved games.
Good fun
Good app....though when I bought the app I started getting reloading a lot ... Very additive
Good time waster, plus my daughter loves it
great 10 minutes game , good gfx and animation
Everything is just perfect except the fact that we have to buy cranky's story.. Buying this game once should be enough :-/
Good game but ive bought crankys story and my card has been charged but it wont download can it be fixed???
Where's my water is great but purchased the crankys story and it wont download!  Please fix asap. Or want refund.
Great game too bad for me that they took my 0.99c but haven't let me download Cranky's Story.
Wish you could move it to an sd card. Then will get 5 stars
My daughter luvs
I've had the pleasure of completely completing this game twice now and am now working on my third time through. The issue is that this wasn't by my choice -- I had to uninstall and reinstall because of glitches, one of which being the recent cranky's story 'infinite processing' glitch. Despite that, it's a fantastic game. My favorite in fact. Thankfully it's so fun I don't mind beating it 3 times.
A game that u cannot miss!
Fantastic game but crankys story is stuck on processing!
works very well on my sg2(gingerbread)with no bugs,even single.
Love this app!!!
Keeps force closing
My only problem with this game is a glitch that causes the tab 2  to shut down and restart the game! I also have this for my iphone, and it never has problems. This is the second tab 2 ive had, and it glitches on both :-( otherwise, a game i am happy to share with my 7yo and super smart autistic 5yo. I play it to amuse myself, and my husband does, too. Wonderful game!
Enjoy playing
Nice game
I love the game so much I went and purchased crankys story but I can't play because it is stuck on processing... Help
It keeps shutting down tablet...
Is anybody else having problems trying to purchase cranky. All I get is 'processing'  the original game 5 stars. Cranky gets 0 stars because it can't be purchased/downloaded
I let my 2 year old son play, he pops the balloons.
I paid for cranky story and it still won't download!!!!!! I thought it was just me but i'm reading a lot of other users are having the same problem...... Is something being done?
Fun game, though the levels that require you to tilt the phone are awful. Also, I bought Cranky's Story but it just says processing and never loads.
It runs great but the only down side is that I cannot run it without wifi on. So one star down for that.
Fun fun fun!!! Love the challenge.
Only problem is Cranky's Story won't download.
I love this game a lot and even bought the additional story for cranky but everytime I tried to play it it gets stuck on the processing stage. Now I've paid for a.game I can't play. Needs more levels and needs cranky's malfunction fixed.
One bug when I quit the game,  it will still be running in the background. Have to open taskbar and exit it from there.  Other than that, it's an awesome game! SGS2
It's a fun game, but for a paid game it takes far too long to get new levels. I've finished every level with 3 ducks and have found every special item now and have been waiting almost 3 weeks for an update. If crankys story wasn't over twice the price of this one I'd think about purchasing it. Why make a game the same as this and double the price? Seens like a bit of a cash grab to me. Still, fun game. Will 5 star when updates become more regular.
I LOVE IT
Purchased Crankys story and still have no access to it.... Otherwise good game
To fix cranky story issue per Disney uninstall the game reboot the phone reinstall and re buy cranky story it should work
Very good, but sometimes device hanging and also I have a problem with cranky story, I paid but can't play it
Great app, please fix the way the game freezes my Motorola Xoom tablet. During the loading screen it sticks for about 3 minutes and then my tablet restarts. This happens every other time I open the app. Thanks.
And cute
Hours of fun... My kids love it and so do I
Good app so far
This game was so great ! It need your brain to figure out the water's way
I would rate this game 5stars but I bought crankys story over a month ago and It still won't download. Great game but please fix this bug.
Fun so far and addicting. Great time killer for work.
Fun to pass the time with, has challenging puzzles
My where's cranky won't load. Wtf is wrong plz help?
Is a amazing game, but the purchase is poor, I have uninstall the app and reinstall and then yeah.. work it, all cranky's levels fix that error please! :D thank you
This will kill some time on road trips.  Worth .99 !
I love everything they lost levels but im so ready for more new regular levels.  It takes to long for updates!
Love the game, but on my Sony S tablet,it needs to be connected to wi fi to work. If it loses the connection, the game crashes and refuses to restart until the connection is reestablished.  I am disappointed that I can not play away from home unless I find a hot spot....So, great game, but I am downgrading it to four stars because of the wifi dependance.
Love the game, but on my Sony S tablet,it needs to be connected to wi fi to work. If it loses the connection, the game crashes and refuses to restart until the connection is reestablished.  I am disappointed that I can not play away from home unless I find a hot spot....So, great game, but I am downgrading it to four stars because of the wifi dependance.
Good game
Great game and very addictive but I cant see how you can justify charging more than double the game price for a few extra levels. Would have given 5 stars but dont like the greedy devs so they lost out
can i ask, if i uninstall the apps of where's my water, is it means i need to buy again with $0.99 for where's my water, and $1.99 for Crankys story? need to paid again??
Pretty good. Lots of meaningless updates though.
Fun game and well polished!
Fun game and well polished!
Very good game. It has silly characters and the puzzles are very good. Only problem I have is that I bought crankys story and never got it
I got a new phone I cud downlaoad and enjoy.
nice game ever!!! great updates!!!
Despite showering with naked alligators it works really well!
Do not purchase this app or any in app addons!  You have been warned!  You would think with a company as big as Disney, they could afford to have someone answer emails.  Guess not...  In app purchase of Cranky's Story never downloaded.  Stuck at "processing".  No response from Disney about the issue or about a refund.  They just steal $1.99 from all unsuspecting customers.  I've never left a bad review on any app, but this is beyond pathetic.  Not even so much as a response saying "haha, sucker"!
Oh such addictive fun!  My daughter asked for help, and now it's on my phone, too. Maddening, challenging but not too difficult overall, and funny. When I get frustrated, it's nice to be able to skip level and come back. And Cranky is fun, too. New levels keep the game fun, and hidden levels are a nice surprise.
Awesome game, just wish that the crankys stories I purchased would work. It just says processing and never installs. Thunderbolt.
Disney made this for kids but it is highly difficult depending on their age.
Slaughters your battery!
Great game could do with redesign for tabsb though
Love the game, but downloaded the cranky expansion and can't play! Please fix!!!
Many MANY levels to play. All very fun and some quite difficult to master.  4 stars because the game does not acquire wakelock thus the screen dims after your determined preset. Silly thing to fix and I'm surprised there has been so many updates to this game without fixing this problem.  Especially annoying in the "bonus" levels that you get from collecting items as most of them only require you to tilt the device, not touch the screen.
An amazingly engrossing game.. Need more levels.. Otherwise the game is extremely good
It a great game.
It keeps my boys busy!!!
Like the update.  Hate that cranky's story still does not install on my razr maxx.
Perfect game except it makes my phone heat up to rather high temps
Love the game! Could play for hours. But when does the new update for android come out? I phone has it already.:-( help?
I love this game, but like others have been unsuccessful at downloading cranky's story. If I can get what I'm being charged for, this will be a 5 star game!
But the last update makes it force close everytime I try to open it, I have an HTC EVO 4g. I hope it gets fixed !
:)
Awesome game niece loves it.
Just bought the swampy version. Very addictive, fun and brain teasing.
Just bought the swampy version. Very addictive, fun and brain teasing.
My child and I love tris App!
I love this game .... Got all 660 ducks n all achievements.... N found secrets levels :) best game ever
Good, entertaining game when you're bored.
This is a good add loved
It says I have to buy it to play it. I click to purchase it, says I already bought it. Why then can't I play it? Otherwise, I love the game. Have completed all levels with tri ducks. Including all the hidden, bonus levels. Gimme more!!!
My kid told me bout this game & now im addicted!
Utterly addictive
Very addictive game, well worth the money, more please
My 6 year old daughter and me love this game!
Awesome game highly recommend it
This is a great game to kill time and use your mind. Its a must have. Works perfect for droid pro
A+++++ can't wait for new levels!!!!
Addicting game
I like this game its challenging but fun too you should get it
Simply awesome and addictive. has good replay value.
Look in your tropys and collectables then go up all the way and down all the way
Perfect
Perfect
Lots of fun for kids.
This game is awesome if you like cut the rope you will love where's my water 5 star easy
Remove the ICS menu bar from HTC one x
Sweet...
Works great
Smply Osm...
Very, very laggy after new updates.
Great game and it just gets better later on
Great game and it just gets better later on
Great game very fun. Worth every penny
Freaking awesome.
i love you swampy i live you and your game
The simple games are the best
I love this game so addictive
I am more than willing to pay extra for more of this excellent game. Devs, ignore the wingers, you have every right to charge for extra content.
Looovvvveee it... :D
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!
I'm addicted
Lov3 it
Both my kids and myself LOVE this game!
Love this game!
Love it
Love it
Love it
Not a major fan of paying for more levels, but I understand it takes them time so I see why they chose to do that
The children love it too
I love this game but have beat it. Please update with more levels soon.
Love this game
Awesome
Awesome
No thanks. Is always running in the background even after killed. I'll pass.
Finally working after new update. love this game.
Great game! Wish Disney put all their apps on Android, like Watch Disney, and Watch Disney XD though.
Our son loves it so much, it was the theme for his fourth birthday party. We found some paper crafts online and used those as decorations. We had a very nice cake made with swampy on it and a large pinata too. Our son absolutely loved it all! We all wore swampy shirts and since I couldn't find anything for our 6 month old, I made her a custom Allie dress :-)  This game is absolutely worth the couple of dollars we paid and then some... Thank you Disney!! One more of your characters our family loves!
Great app!
REALLY GREAT GAME!!! HAS HAD ME SEARCHING FOR THE WATER FOR WEEKS NOW!! I DO THINK THAT WHEN YOU BUY THE GAME YOU NEED TO GET THE WHOLE GAME NOT HAVE TO PURCHASE ADD ON'S
WHY DO WE HAVE TO PAY ADDITIONAL DOLLARS FOR FOR CRANKY. AND MYSTERY DUCK COME OOOOOONNNN
I love this game on my iPad, but I would like it on my android if it were full screen. Bottom line, wish I could get my money back.
I loved the free version :)
I love this game, ready for the next update and levels. Need more now! LoL
Love this game but beat all the levels already. Please update with more levels
Need to update
For all my family
What a beautifully created game, to those complaining about download, my asus tf101 took 4 minutes. This is a large file so of course a phone will take longer. Re paying, its 99 cents lol for so many levels, get over it!  Thanks Disney 4 a great game!
Great game to test your logic n also to waste time :)
Awesome game. It needs more levels. I passed them all! So please hurry!!
Fun, but after ten levels progress will no longer save. WTH dev? When I pay for a game I expect it to work, don't think I'm asking too much here.
But wont download
Very good casual game. Very interesting and ever changing levels. Awesome ideas the developers had while designing the levels. They kept me busy for hours. Can't wait for more levels.
Very good casual game. Very interesting and ever changing levels. Awesome ideas the developers had while designing the levels. They kept me busy for hours. Can't wait for more levels.
This is a great game I love it!
I love it I got my man in to the game too
Good game
Great game..its addictive
Nice
Nice game
This game keeps me entertained
Funest game I played
Good game, poor choice to force WiFi. On Nexus 7. If I hadn't already used this game on my phone months ago I would request a refund. I paid for a single player game, what is the reason for a connection?!
Good game, poor choice to force WiFi. On Nexus 7. If I hadn't already used this game on my phone months ago I would request a refund. I paid for a single player game, what is the reason for a connection?!
Asome  game  make aa  many  as  you  can
Asome  game  make aa  many  as  you  can
Can't get enough if this time waster
I have beat all the stages but its taking forever to do an updtae. Please hurry sincerely your biggest fan.
Completed all the levels in 3 days. Tooooo Goooood & addictive....
Really fun game but add more levels soon please!!!
Great game
Excellent graphic with interesting educational theme
Good!!!!
This game is very entertaining.... love it
I cried during this game because its so beautiful.
Good game
One of the few apps that keeps me playing and waste all my productive time! :p
have played all the games... and mastered it all twice... so addicting and readyfire a new update!
I absolutely love this app and don't mind paying the extra for levels. Very entertaining and great to amuse the children with! Definitely one of the best apps out there.
I absolutely love this app and don't mind paying the extra for levels. Very entertaining and great to amuse the children with! Definitely one of the best apps out there.
Love this game its awesome
Awsome for my kids and me
I love this game. Please keep adding to it
Graphics are great. Fun for all ages.
Graphics are great. Fun for all ages.
Graphics are great. Fun for all ages.
Its the best game i played better than angry birds
Love it
Good job disney. Wonderful game.
Awsome game very addictive
Duck placement offers lovely difficulty curve. Good physics, tilt-based bonus levels a nice touch. Paid extra content seems very much worth it except for Mystery Duck.
.
Hours of mind solving fun.
Awsome i like all levels where new upload it need one bad getting   bored and angry
This game is so much fun! I'm hooked!
Love it! Hours of fun.
Awesome game even
I love love love this game.... i reset it all the time and replay it.... it is the best app i have on my phone... i can't wait for the next level to come out... if u are looking for a good game to play this is the one.....
Great game. Love it!
Great game!
I played every level at least 5 times. Too bad updates stoped.
This is by far one of the most addictive games I have EVER played in my android market life... Its like pringles you just cant have one, I keep going and going with this game. Who would have thought a game Called Wheres my Water would be so great!!! A++++ for this  completely happy and totally satisfied. Thanx Disney!!! ;-)
very addictive game just getting bored of waiting for more levels
very addictive game just getting bored of waiting for more levels
Great game. Other levels i purchased may be expensive but you already get 600 to start out thats pretty good.
A great game that will eat your hours away.
A great, very addictive game. A bit of a battery eater but that's to be expected with any game.
Love it its a really good game
Fun.... passes the time.
I only have one complaint: FIX THE SCROLL! Its annoying when the level is timed and it gets in the way if u need to scratch off dirt in that area... Other than that, this game is outstanding!  Yes, the pay by updates gets annoying too but I commend the makers for how outstandingly detailed the graphics are and not to mention u are entertained as well as challenged.  And whoever makes up the levels are geniuses!  Im hooked but FIX THE SCROLL!
This game consists of some great puzzles and is a perfect time killer. It will make you to play nonstop until you finish off all levels. 220 levels for a price of a dollar. Worthy. Additional 100 of levels available for two dollars. A choice you won't regret. Go ahead and buy.
This game consists of some great puzzles and is a perfect time killer. It will make you to play nonstop until you finish off all levels. 220 levels for a price of a dollar. Worthy. Additional 100 of levels available for two dollars. A choice you won't regret. Go ahead and buy.
I think this game is REALLY fun me and my mom got hooked to this game its Excellent
Love this game. In completely addicted
Love this game
Super cute game fun for the whole family
Sooooooo fun
I liked it enough to pay for it
This is a great game
Awesome game
Amazingly addictive :)
Blaming the wife.  "Hooked."
This is so addicting! ;) i love the "where's perry?" game too! Both disney games ;)
Heart
I love this app get it now
Me gustan los juegos que hacen pensar.
AWSOMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!
Well made! addicting!
My son and I both can play this game for hours
Live great game... Must have!!!
More addictive than Angry Birds... And more fun
Addictive!!!!
Great Game!!!!
It's a pretty good game worth the dollar  and 99cents
My lil girl loves it but if I have the problems I have read they it will be deleted
I actually bought this game from the Play Store to ensure that it was mine :)
Best game
Great app :) no more I can say
Mind blowing
I like this game very much. But my battery is running out quickly. Very nice visuals. Worth a buy!!!!!
Es divertido para Los ratos de ocio
Es divertido para Los ratos de ocio
Im addicted. and i love it.
Vicioso y muy divertido jaja
This game is soo addicting and super fun!!!
This game is awesome and doesn't get the attention that it deserves!
Why does this game require internet access to play?  Would not have purchased if I knew this.
It is so much fun
A great little puzzle game, with the regular introduction of new mechanics to keep things fresh. I haven't bothered with the DLC, but there is more than enough in the base game to keep me satisfied.
A great little puzzle game, with the regular introduction of new mechanics to keep things fresh. I haven't bothered with the DLC, but there is more than enough in the base game to keep me satisfied.
Love this app my daughter plays it were ever we go and it keeps her busy
First off, it's only a dollar and you get hundreds of hours of play. This is one of the games that really raises the bar. It is similar to angry birds in a sense, it is a puzzle game with many levels. I think what sets this aside from angry birds is the diversity of puzzles and the different hazards and new abilities of every sequential level pack that you unlock while playing the game. I really just want to give swampy his water, all he wants to do is take a bath!!
My daughter and I love this game great for both ages. I e even bought the full version because I completed the free ones. Great fun x
Kids game but keeps you amused for hours
Amazing game...good fun yet challenging!very addictive!in one word a masterpiece!:)
This game is the greatest game ever!!!
Great game more levels please
Best game ever its crap were u need to buy all the other lever it should only be 1off payment u only get the first levels I should of just downloaded it from a torrent site u dont need to pay for it all then and it £1.26 each for 2levels packs u dont get it all in 1ppl just to tell u all
Best game ever its crap were u need to buy all the other lever it should only be 1off payment u only get the first levels I should of just downloaded it from a torrent site u dont need to pay for it all then and it £1.26 each for 2levels packs u dont get it all in 1ppl just to tell u all
Already playing 2 weeks, and there's always fun. Very good repayable. Achievements are great idea. This is my game of the month. Can't stop playing this.
Great! Make a where's my doofensmhrits where vanessa is trying to find her dad
It's a great game, but why does it require an internet connection to play? Would have been 4 stars, but 2 because it requires and internet connection.
This game like a drugs.
Best few pence I have spent in a long time. I'm 38 years old and loved it. Kept me awake on the commute for weeks
So amusing playing this game. Use ur brain to triducks all level. Update it for more lvl please. Can't wait for it
Love this game! So much fun and it makes u think!  My kids love it too! Plus its addicting! Lol!
We love it
Best game i have ever played on a phone. Super fun, challenging and adictive!
I love it
Very cute game my   daughter loves it
Fun for adults & kids. Just need to adjust to easier levels for kids
Spend wayy too much time playing this! :)
Very challenging, excellently crafted puzzle game.
My kids love this game
I absolutely love this game and haven't been able to put it down,wish there were more games like it. I see some people don't like the idea of payin for extra levels but at cost of only £0.64  I'm not complaining. I also noticed someone mentioned having to connect to network to play but I've played it absolutely fine with no network connection.... Can't wait to try Where's My Perry :)
I am very mad. I paid for this game and it doesn't let me get past the fifth story in a level pack. It says I need 9 more ducks and I have gotten about three more since then and it hasnt changed to 6 ducks needed. .and on the little it doesn't highlight the additional ducks I've gotten. Because of this I give it a one star. I realize there are some other level packs you have to buy, but this is happening within the one i had already bought. Even if I click on the 6th story the game just closes.
Very addictive game to play, and there's over 100 levels to pass. Well worth 99 cents.
It sucks
I just love it, TOTALY worth the money :-)
great game buy it .  need more levels!!
Addicting... couldnt stop until i collected all 3 ducks from all levels! Fun!
It kills time if your bored and its actually fun not like some games where you can only play for a little while
But why i cannot reset the game please advice me
Love it
Fun and easy.
Makes my life in class a hell lot more fun :P
Makes my life in class a hell lot more fun :P
LOVE IT!! My favorite game!! Paid for Perry game, not as great as where's my water.. NEED NEW LEVELS!! ASAP!! PLEASE!!!
Love it
Awsome
Addictive very very addictive
This is far best mobile game i have ever played. Finished all levels second time today but i am little bit disapointed when i saw that you need to pay more money to unlock new levels in the game i have already bought. Beside that 6 stars definitely!
Downloaded this app for my 3 year old but I can't stop playing it!
Great game!
Takes long downloading
I love this game! It's super addictung and lots of fun. Can't wait for more levels.
Yay
Fantastic game, wish there were more levels (cos I never want to stop playing it) but I'm finding myself going back desperately trying to achieve 3 ducks on every level now!
Love this game!!! Been playing for days, my 6 yr old caught me playing today, now he wants to play it too... :) my husband has downloaded it now too lol
Best game ever,  but add baby story with milk
Doesn't get old very fun can't wait for more levels.
I loved it
Love this game..... man who ever made this game.... should be knewed.... what and awesome job they did....i will keep on buying.... is worth it
Is rally funny. I love to play when I have some free time
C cool
Great
Hot
Love this game!!!! It's so addicting for all ages!
I love this game so much! I can't wait for more new levels! All the add ons are worth the money they are so much fun! :D
Cute and simple game
Absolutely one of the best apps I've played! Very challenging and fun!
This is a fun game alright worth the money its fun and totally a time passer over  200 levels. Crankys story is not a must buy don't buy it game updates often with new levels
Great game!! I love it!!!
Great to use for kids
Even if this game was 5€ I would happily pay it. "WHERE IS MY WATER" may not sound awesome but it truely is. Recommend it to everyone. Trust me.
Good entertaining game
This is one of the best games ever
So fun, want more levels!
Wonderful game
Brilliant
The app came up for another update so I updated it again and when I opened it nothing changed!!!!  No new levels (Nothing)!!!  If this keeps up this application is headed for the trash!!!  It's sad cuz I love this game!!
Great game kids love it and so do I
This is a perfect example of a well polished game on android.
:)
Great app but ready to play More
this game is fun im addicted need to add more levels
Love this app. My 2 yr old granddaughter loves it too!!
Awesome
My kids live this game! I've been known to play it a time or two as well.
I love this game =}
Fun game it very cool game
i alle aldre! datteren min på 4 år synes dette er det gøyeste spillet hun har noensinnespillt
Can't stop playing its a great addictive game
I love this game! To addicting!!!
Awesome fun game. Give it a go. Worth your time and loss of fun.
Good ['_']
This game only can have one word for its definition...AWSOME!
So cute!!!!
Could us some improvement but it is still good
Woooooohooooooo
I got it for 99 cents and got the cranky free when I bought the game
I love this game. You guys should update more often.
Game is great and all... but the game doesn't open when I have my WiFi off. Which is a major problem when i'm out. It says "unfortunately [...] has stopped working." Please fix!
I am so in to this game love it
Its really best
Neat
I love it and I'm 27 lol o well its fun something me and my daughter can do together
And then "more free level coming" , when?
And then "more free level coming" , when?
Addictive, new levels don't come out fast enough
congrats to the game designers!
Love it
Love it
Very good game but very addicting and it just randomly loads and pauses my game please fix and it will be much much better
Awesome game!
Great game :)
Great game :)
When you updating next leavel
Brilliant, hours of fun. Wish they made more levels.
Fun game & works great on HTC EVO Shift
Really great game to exercise ur grey cells while enjoying.
best game ever beter than my fishing games and ps3 games so i would get this game
best game ever beter than my fishing games and ps3 games so i would get this game
Addicting and fun. Waiting for more..!
A game of pure awesomeness :D!
Great for kids and adults.
Great for kids and adults.
Just saying
It keeps my son busy when I need to clean, I also get lost in it. Its so much fun
Forger those mind training games! this is an excelerating fun and addictive game that not only is it incredibly entertaining. but also, it's good for you.
Awesome game
This is an awesome app for kids its SOOO CUTE!<3
We love it. Great value for full version also. :)
Great game
I Love this game! Its so Adicting! :D
I can play this game all day.
Very addicting, I can't get enough of it
Great for the kids  Samsung s2
Very addicting, love it!
More like greedy consumers! Why should the dev supply you with free updates for the rest of your life?? When you spend $20 on a board game or $40 on a console game,you don't go back to the store after your finished playing and demand a free upgrade. Why should an app be any different? The dev has every right to charge for all the work they put into making new levels. If you don't want to pay for new levels just reset the game and play the old levels again. But you got what you paid for so stop complaining!
Fun!
Fun!
Passes the time
Game is really good....I play all the time :)
You should get it if you like puzzle games
You should get it if you like puzzle games
Simply awesome!!! Very addicting and not just for kids
Kills the battery though
Freaking amazing!
My dad download this game... I like this! New level is come to me! But it's buy to have a new level. But my dad buy all of level. I don't boring in this game. And the secret level is fantastic. Difficult and funny. And I can download where's my Perry now....
awesome game!
GREAT GAME !!!!!!
Awsome game
I love this game.
le recomiendo este juego a todo el mundo!! es uno de loa mejor y cada nivel es interesante!!:-)
It is aesome n shiny clean fablise cleanalistick
So addicting and fun! ! One of the best puzzle games I've played yet!
excellent game, with my girlfriend we play a lot. too fun :)
Awesome game, I actually loved playing it. Simply beautiful
The only problem I have is the lengthy period it takes to load each screen. That's kind of annoying! :-) I still love the game tho :-)
Very addicting got it 100% and waiting for more!
Love it <3  Got people hooked on it! ;]
Easy game to drop in and out of. Doesn't require a lot of time but still very fun
It fun
Definitely worth 99 cents. I may or may not buy the other levels. Maybe, maybe not. I got more for my $1 then I will for the $3.00 the add ons cost. Make the deal sweeter for me and I will give you guys more cash. Forgot to mention that this is the first and only app that I have paid money for. Enough said.
Fun game i played it from 12 @ night till 8 in the morning
Game ever!
Game ever!
Fun fun fun!
Its a really good Game ...very addicting
Its a really good Game ...very addicting
Fun!!
This is one of my favorite games, and but with the latest update it is incompatible. I will change my review when this is fixed
Droid RAZR maxx
Fun
Love this game
Great game for puzzlers with a charming crocodile to boot :-)
I love the cute alligator.
This game, is beast
Bought it for my 5 yr old girl... She has me hooked on it now! Great app!!!
I am so addicted! I have no complaints about this game
This game crashed my phone and gave it viruses. I had to purchase a new phone bcuz of it
They did every thing so perfect. And I just cant stop playing!!!!
Great game.
I luv weres my water but super stuck!!!!!! But oh well dont yoy think swampy is cute lol
Love it!  Rubber duckie fun as well as some serious thinking time... in the bath! Thanks.
How do i buy as a gift to my friends?
This game is my love
Love this game
Very entertaining and addictive!
Very addictive and fun. Worth buying :)
I love it!
This game is great fun
Pretty good for price
I love it
Tried with my colleague. The moment i tried the first two levels im already in love of this gaame  Bravo disney
The best.
awesomely addictive game
Stop whining about 3 dollars lol this game is crazy good.
Love this game
Games is fun...
So asdicting so is wheres my perry best game evah
Game is great fun I found nothing wrong with it thus far, it gives you excitement and a keeps the brain moving. Good job what's next????
A M A Z I N G
I would like to know hints if I get stumped. Angry birds gave you a link for ways to accomplish the level.
I love this game. Play it on my iPad also.
My kids havent had a chance to play!! Im too addicted! Great fun!
Addictive and fun
Why make people pay in the game if the app already costs money, Instead make a demo version with the first whatever levels and then have all of them for free, Also' ADS? You get 5 stars when this is fixed.
Why make people pay in the game if the app already costs money, Instead make a demo version with the first whatever levels and then have all of them for free, Also' ADS? You get 5 stars when this is fixed.
Why make people pay in the game if the app already costs money, Instead make a demo version with the first whatever levels and then have all of them for free, Also' ADS? You get 5 stars when this is fixed.
I Love this game!
:-)
Gr8
Fuuun get it
Fun, challenging puzzles!
Great
Addictive, thought provoking & fun
Makes your brain work...
Makes your brain work...
Makes your brain work...
My 5 year old loves this game as much as I do. And i'm ok with paying for addons. Xbox games cost 60 bucks so.
Best game ever
Best game ever
Awesome
Great
This game is fun
Fun
I am quite annoyed at the developers... you make me pay for the game, then limit my usage to requiring a network connection to play so they can load there adds on this played game! The whole reason I purchased this was as a time waster while I am in the car, out of the house, etc. Either fix this or give me my money back you cheap fat cats...
Awesome
You would think it's great if you are willing to pay 4 extra bucks for more levels.other than that the game is pretty much fun and a bit challenging sometimes...
This game is brilliant my four year old girl can't get enough of the 'Crocodile' Game!
Best game ever!!
Great Game, but crashes a lot since last update please fix
Yes they charge for level packs, but they keep adding free content as well. Well done.
I love the free version but i wanted to try crankys story which isnt in the free version so i got the paid version i have a nookcolor and i paid for wheres my water when i got it on my nook but it doesnt have mud the mystery duck or crankys story so im hoping it can update on my nook too!!!! love the game
I love the free version but i wanted to try crankys story which isnt in the free version so i got the paid version i have a nookcolor and i paid for wheres my water when i got it on my nook but it doesnt have mud the mystery duck or crankys story so im hoping it can update on my nook too!!!! love the game
this is a MUST BUY. Best game out there. Just need to add more levels
I love this game it so fun
I love this game it so fun
More than good
More than good
Excellent mobile game
Cool
Can't wait for more!
I got the free version at first but then I got the 99cent version and it was amazing the only thing is that aftercare 30min my screen is so hot and only  have 50% the battery I had before and it took forever to download
Awesome
Awesome
Good game  Use brain alot
Not only the best game on my S3 but the music is now my ring tone. Fantastic.
Not only the best game on my S3 but the music is now my ring tone. Fantastic.
My children and I love love love this game!!
Well done, Disney.
Well done, Disney.
Love this game but can't buy mystery ducks :-( it's a horribly addictive game!
Addictive game. Works great
A lot of FUN!
Awsome
If you play well & earn enough "duck" points, the next level will unlock. I've had access to all levels/worlds & haven't spent a penny beyond the initial $0.99
Lovely game.  7 yr old enjoys as well as mum! Gets the brain cells thinking without it being too challenging
I really enjoy this game! It doesn't crash, my phone doesn't over heat and I can play for hours on end without it taking alot of battery. It only needs wifi to download the game. It's a brilliant way to keep me from being bored, I'm sometimes quite reluctant to hand it over to my little brother to play on. I recommended it to all of my family.  I don't care and understand why people complain about this game and what people say about this being too expensive to buy. I think it is a brilliant game at a brilliant price. If people want to complain about the price don't buy it.  It works perfectly fine on all of my families phones/tablets.  I really love this game, I recommend it to many others who love a good game like this. If you want a trial get the free version and if you like it upgrade to the full version! Well done Disney!
Luv it.....
Fun times :)
Extremely addictive and easy to play. Sheer brilliance.
Extremely addictive and easy to play. Sheer brilliance.
nice game
Loves this game!!!!
Awsomeee!!
I beat the demo, n I'm Def still interested
Of course
I love it!!! So much fun!!
Played the free trial, had to buy the real thing
Great Game
Cool
Cool
Cool
Cool
fun game,
This game is really entertaining and it requires some thinking, which I enjoy. My kids love it.
5 year old loves it
Great game
Cant buy crankys story or anything because the game wont connect to the net
Excellent game for kids as well as everybody. My kids are busy and trying to solve the  puzzles...
Fun, simple to pick up but hard to master, and even looks and sounds great.
Awesome. Good price, Hours of game play, loads of levels, exactly what you'd expect from a mobile game. Whilst other developers are trying to bundle out games with over complicated controls that just don't work on such small screens, this is simple and plays superb. Keep them levels coming
Seriously a time killer.
Love this game, both Swampy & Cranky stories.
Love it
Love it
Wheres my water is the best
It is a nice game recommended for kids to make them think and find ways to solve problems... As well as testing their patient...
好
Really addicted
Ive completed it and now waiting for more levels come on. All it says is coming soon. :/ frustrating when I want to keep on playing!!! Bring us more levels!!!
Although you have to pay for extra stuff this is an amazing game with some challenges!!!!!!!!
awesome game
Coolio game
I'm hooked
I love this game!!!!!
In one hour I 'wanted to buy the full version totally addicting
Love this game always makes my kids think
Very nice and its working very good in my handset
My kids love it. I think its cute!!!
My kids love it. I think its cute!!!
Okay, this game is awesome, but it is really for devices with internet because you can't play offline. Change that and u will get my 5 stars back. Paid all that money for all them packs and I can't play when I want to.... The Mystery Duck pack is still ridiculous... You guys lowered the price, but is it not still the same levels with a different objective...
Definitely worth the $1
Definitely worth the $1
Love this game. Bought it on a wim and never looked back. Would highly suggest to anyone. Very addictive and the levels will have you playing some for quite a bit to figure them out.
My kids love this game
game that will appeal to young and old alike. Super value.
Excellent! My kids can't stop playing it!
I love it
I have been trying to get this game for a long time and I finaly got it and it is awesome.
Fun and clever game... Finished every level.. Just waiting for more!
Lots of fun
Pure awesome! Hours of fun and entertainment
VERY ADDICTIVE
Addictive to adults, great for kids on long drives.
Bring more levels, I finish all levels
Thats it.....
Excellent game and very addicting, don't. Want to stop playing.
I loved this game!!!!!!
It's a great game. It allows you to improve your iq and creativity. Absolutely fantastic.
I want more levels! I can't wait!
I want more levels! I can't wait!
Fun fun fun!!!!  If you like strategic games, you'll love this game...don't be misled by the child-friendly animations.
Great game, seems to go on for ever, it's got so much content! In app purchases for new campaigns are reasonable too. Tons of really fun content, recommended
I like to play this game a lot
Love it.
Great job creators!
Really fun game... Makes you think!
I love this game but also wheres my Perry is also fun too try it
I would recommend this game
Great idea. Disney rocks!
I love this game!! It keeps my kids busy and quiet ;0)
Had to wipe data to have crankys story to work. Lost all my progress. Updates? Jeeez ur like a leech. Shame. 0 stars.
HOURS AND HOURS OF FUN...MUST HAVE.. NO PROBLEMS
Great game. Great levels. Great UI. However, milks the battery. Phone gets very hot after 30 mins and half my battery is gone!
Challenging
So fun done with all need more levels
So fun done with all need more levels
I love this game!!!!!!!!!
Love this game
So much fun
Luv it
Luv it
Love this game and how new levels keep coming
Love this game and how new levels keep coming
Excellent and fun. Keep making more levels...
Perfect example of how mobile games should be- glitch free, hugely varied and a lot of fun!
Kids love it.
Really cool game, worth the money, except the new levelss those r kinda expensive
I luv this game
Awesome
I love it so worth the 99 cents I payed for
Lots of fun
Love it
This is one fun game. My 4 yr loves it. Problem solving
This is one fun game. My 4 yr loves it. Problem solving
Wheres the valentines day puzzles?
Wheres the valentines day puzzles?
Challenging
Challenging
Loves this game. Hes been playing the free version and has begged for the upgrade. It is a great game that even i enjoy
Super fun game.
RGB
Excellent
Very fun and addictive to play, even if the levels are a bit on the easy side. I am very thankful that the developers still keep supplying content. This game is without a doubt worth the 0.79€ I paid for it.
Loved this game before and don't mind paying for a major update like new levels (released as another app nobody would complain), HOWEVER...I'm not paying for any updates until the WAP permission is removed. Uninstalled until it's fixed.
I agree with many others - - stop crying about this game being too expensive! People pay $60 and more for an x-box game then complain about $1-$3 for a tablet game! This game is well worth the money. It's a lot of fun and not always too easy to collect all the little duckies, often making you re-think your strategy. Great for kids (not too young) and adults alike! Good to keep the brain cells active for someone my age (51)!
Great game to pass the time
I love this game an 4 thows ppl that are complaining that they spent 2-3$ get over it haha
I love this game an 4 thows ppl that are complaining that they spent 2-3$ get over it haha
Very goodbye
I love u
Love it!!
Brilliant game, so addictive!!!
People, yes I have spent 5 bucks for all the levels. But listen, programming takes time. This game is worth it. A dollar buys the entire basic story line, and that's more than reasonable for the price. I still think this game is worth every penny spent.
People, yes I have spent 5 bucks for all the levels. But listen, programming takes time. This game is worth it. A dollar buys the entire basic story line, and that's more than reasonable for the price. I still think this game is worth every penny spent.
ADDICTING! Nuff said :D
Truly addictive.
Luv ds game.
Excellent
.. for a long time because this is a Disney game.  However, it's a GREAT purchase and I'm totally addicted to the puzzles and the ingenious ways to solve them.  I hope there's always more Swampy/Cranky puzzles coming!
Love it
Awsome
Awsome
Lots of fun. Very addictive.
Love it ehhhhkkk
Fun game and for a dollar who can complaint.
no crashes on my walkman live n absolutely gr8 game
no crashes on my walkman live n absolutely gr8 game
Loving this game!
This game is out of sight !
It really worth it to spend 0.99¢ in this game becuase its really fun for young people and adults
One of the best games out.
Although it's not quite as challenging as the original game, MD offers an enjoyable experience.
And free
Wish the updates were more regular as this is my favourite android game of all time!
Not only Do my kids love Where's my water app, but so do I. Very entertaining, and just all around a fun cute game.
My whole family loves this game
This is one the funniest games I've played and now my favorite and definitely not a waste of money even for add ones and love updates and glad I now got crankys story after it not working. Ppl need to stop complaining about cost if gonna complain don't buy
Fun and addicting.
Love this game! Hurry with more challenging levels.
This game is so cool:-)
Addicting game!!!!!¡¡¡¡¡!!!!!
Need more levelsssss its too good
Lots of
Just too awsome...
I paid for this game. Now it unistalled and i tried downloadin it again and now it wont down load!plz fix ..i was half way through the levels.
Love this game! Please hurry with the new levels!
Love it
Wont download
Love this game it gets hard tho even my lil cousins nd sister like
Love this game a lot. New more levels.
(I can't install the game. I try install again, but, nothing...). I do it. Great game.
This game is not only good to play, it has a good price tag. Runs smoothly and has countless levels. Once you've finished you can purchase even more levels to add different parts to the game.
Just a great little puzzle game
Can't load the game without an active connection
Can't load the game without an active connection
Best game ever
Fun
Love it
great game more updates!!!  :)
To everone that is saying "greedy" "laggy" and all of that crap just shut up stop being babies and just get off ur butt and earn a freakin buck! And kids won't just buy everything they see unless they r either stupid or they r like 2 or 3. So all of u people that don't like the game just shut up and delete the game! It's not like ur automatically poor because u bought this game for like 4 bucks or so
To everone that is saying "greedy" "laggy" and all of that crap just shut up stop being babies and just get off ur butt and earn a freakin buck! And kids won't just buy everything they see unless they r either stupid or they r like 2 or 3. So all of u people that don't like the game just shut up and delete the game! It's not like ur automatically poor because u bought this game for like 4 bucks or so
I love solving the puzzles
Very delightful!
I enjoy this game cuze it challenges your intelligence
This game is the best
So much fun, keeps you thinking and playing.  Great for appt waiting, cuz you can play one screen or more depending on the wait!
Awesome
This game is awesome! But it also runs quite hot and opens itself in the background. I also notice that after a while it starts running rough :(
Good at first.
Good game for my four year old. Thanks
Game is totally a blast!
I love this game runs great and always puts you to the test.
I love this game runs great and always puts you to the test.
I love this game runs great and always puts you to the test.
Love It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kids love I even like it
Very entertaining game great way to pass time!!
Very entertaining game great way to pass time!!
Very entertaining game great way to pass time!!
Such a great game can't wait for more levels!
Fun and addictive. Uses skill, physics, and a tiny bit of luck. It's a great time waster. 99 cents is a bargain.
I love this game its awesome
Can't put it down
Great for anyone
Love this game
Graphics are poor and more levels cost a lot
I love this game
I love this game
Worth The MONEY ! :)
My son loves this game... It's cute and itz makes him think
Hard but super duper FUN
Kids love this game
This game is the bomb.
I love this app more than my daughter, we had to pay for the full version
Love it!
I Played the first chapter and it was great but seriously the game is 30mb but needs like 40mb to install so 70mb total, and slows down my phone, not good for speed and space.
Najbolja igrica
Challenging, unique, quirky. A great game overall.
Lotsa fun for all!
My title says it all
Can't stop playing!!
Love It
Love it so fun!
Priced fairly, can't stop playing. A nice way to kill time! My 7year old loves it, too!
Priced fairly, can't stop playing. A nice way to kill time! My 7year old loves it, too!
Fun puzzles and nice animations:)
The greatest game ever!!!!
Bought this for my niece and im hooked.
A
My daughter and my nephew can play this game all afternoon if you let them.
My daughter and my nephew can play this game all afternoon if you let them.
It's a fun game when your trying to pass time!
Awesum game to kill time
Awesum game to kill time
No. I dont like paying. I like pie.
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love this game
My favorite mobile game!
Must play!
I don't usually buy games but after playing the free version non stop untill I beat it I just had to get more levels. Worth the $1 great game!
I really dont understand why i need to download the whole 48mb file again, paying  for data use.Is it not possible to have only additional levels as download?
Only words that mean best is the way to describe this game.
Best
Top of top in my own list! Recommended to everyone. Be in good spirit and have funO:-)
but the only down side is that you keep paying everytime for new levels other that its really good
A verygood game
A verygood game
Fun 4 everyone!!!!!!!
It works great on my Nexus 7 but when I don't have a WiFi connection it won't work. Please fix this.
Its ok nothing special
Absolutely love this game! Worth every penny!
Absolutely love this game! Worth every penny!
I love this game and have no problem paying for the extras, it is just money after all! On the other hand, I would like updates more frequently seeing as I did pay for everything....
(Based on free app)I love this game....downloading paid version now.
Make the girl alagator levels
Spectacular.,
Downloaded and paid for Cranky's Story, but when I try to play it, it just sits there 'processing'.  The market says I've payed for it, but the app never goes anywhere.  Will change to a five start rating when this is fixed.
Love the game
addicting for any age group
addicting for any age group
Totally wonderful game! Great color, visuals, soundtrack, and gameplay. Extremely addicting, worth every penny!
Great game don't play if you dint want to be addicted to yet another gsme lol
Awesome game (PERIOD)
Love it!!!
I'm not a big mobile gamer but this game... this game is insanely fun. Lots of great puzzles and the "duck" bonuses remind me of New Super Mario Bros on Wii - collecting all of them adds a nice additional challenge to each level. Of course it's fairly easy early on but it gets really tricky later on.  My only (minor) complaint is that the levels that are larger than the screen, it would be really nice to be able to scroll with say two finger swiping, rather than using the scroll bar on the side. Not going to take a star off for that though.
Good but it takes for ever to download it took four hours for it to download
I downloaded It and uninstalled now i can't Re-download It! How so i get It again?
Such a great game! Hints would be a nice add-on... But other than that, live it!
I love this game
Title says it
Beast
Love it
its great and really fun but it takes up lots of storage space! :)
its great and really fun but it takes up lots of storage space! :)
This game is so much fun i bought all the add on games! Well worth the money!
This game is so much fun i bought all the add on games! Well worth the money!
top game.........
I love this game but it need more levels!!
This game is great. Graphics are great, puzzles are great, lots of fun. I love this game, can't wait for more levels.
This game is awesome works good on my samsung galaxy s
love this game.  very additive
Great game, well worth $1  good for my kids when we go out to dinner
Very fun and makes you think
Very fun and makes you think
Awsome  game
I love it!  Could not  be better!
great
great
Okay I love it too. Awesome and must have game!
Awesome
love it... its pretty addicting I have it on my phone and my nook tablet !! although I wish my nook app had over 300 levels like my phone ...
Kids bought this game, they got thier dad playing. It hasnt had alot of ads nor have the kids been askdd to "buy" other stuff. It is a great game from Disney.
Kids bought this game, they got thier dad playing. It hasnt had alot of ads nor have the kids been askdd to "buy" other stuff. It is a great game from Disney.
Awesome
This is an awesome little game!!
The only problem I have isn't your fault. My phone doesn't have enough memory for it to update.
My 6 year old can't get enough of this game! First app I purchased means a lot!
This is the best game ever!!! I cant get enough so addicting!
Keeps force closing whenever I start, same with where's my perry... otherwise awesome game (I have both on my phone.)
I'm not gonna argue the game is cheap enjoyed it I have no ads as I use adaway I have bought this, cranky's story and also were's my perry love them all although I would like to see maybe better detail or quicker loadings or something I'm using a Samsung galaxy S3 with android Jelly Bean
This game is very fun and addicting, but it needs a easy quick exit. Angry Birds took a while to straighten it out too.
Ok so I love this game its so fun. One thing I won't 2 point out 2 the people that complain about paying for the game is its called a business and of course they are going 2 charge you how else r they going 2 make money its not that they are being greedy its called running a business. I know that things aren't free so stop complaining and stop thinking things should be free.
Alto juego! Da para garpar los 4,50 y boludear a full!
Alto juego! Da para garpar los 4,50 y boludear a full!
The best app I paid for!!
Cool game
I love it sooo fun!!!!
I thought it was just a kids game, but it's tough!
Excellent game very addicting so hard to put down even at work
It's awesome
This is the best game ever.
This is the best game ever.
Cool
Addictive and hrs of fun.
This app is realy fun
More levels please. This is great and the magic duck is cool
I have beat every level with 3 ducks, even the bonus games. The game is definitely worth the dollar. Many levels, good graphics, and some levels can be challenging. The only real issue with the game is how much it kills your battery. I have been playing the game before with it plugged into the charger and have the phone die because it kills the battery faster than it can charge it.
The best too good seems tough at first but balaned its too good
Love it
Love
Love
This is really good game
Best game ever
I love this game!
Cool
Cool
Best game ever for android hands down
Way bttr than the free one :-)
Great game lots of fun
I love this game especially when i'm bored. This game is a must download:)
Great game.  Free extra content on top of the purchase you paid for all the time.  One of the few purchases that hasnt disappointed.
It is an awesome game
It is an awesome game
My son absolutely loves this app!
Amazing game. But I play the game must online internet base. Can't play offline. Please help me...
Hey
Definitly one of my favorite games.  I hope they create many more levels.
Best game ever! Played every level collected every duck and mystery item!
Hard to put down!
Dffgh
Better than angry birds
I love this game.
Love this game:)!
I hate this stupid app it deleted all my pictures that I took with my. Camera
I hate this stupid app it deleted all my pictures that I took with my. Camera
Never had a problem until now. Phone restarts while playing.
Thanks Disney.
I love this game... The graphics are great, but and the physics is spot on. There are a top of levels to keep you busy for a long time, and and they have updated more free levels.!!!!!
I demand a refund!!! The game keeps prompting as though its being downloadef and its not!!
Funfunfubfun
Fun fun fun whole family loves it
Cute and fun puzzle game:)
I'm addicted...really fun game!
Great game.  Loads of fun and easy to play. Thanks for the game guys.
Great game.  Loads of fun and easy to play. Thanks for the game guys.
Awesome! So addicting :)
Helpdesk less than helpful.
Fun challenge!
I am addicted to this game. LOVE IT!
Fun for all ages!
Love this game!
I love to play this game n swampy is very cute
Great game!:-)
Very enjoyable game lovin it.
Great game cant wait for more levels
Cant get enough, but hate paying for every story.
Best game on android
Very fun
This is a great game. Addictive
This is the most fun game from Disney yet lots of levels and challenges keep it up Disney highly recommended
This is the most fun game from Disney yet lots of levels and challenges keep it up Disney highly recommended
I love it! Fun, fun, fun!!
Fun and addicting . Great when your bored
(:
It says insufficient space although there is plenty of space. I love playing this game on my husband's phone. I can give it 5 stars from there.
It says insufficient space although there is plenty of space. I love playing this game on my husband's phone. I can give it 5 stars from there.
So fun
More levels please.
I enjoy it
Always a fun time, and levels are challenging enough to always keep you involved.
Like          It.                                                                      It
Great game my little one really enjoys playing.
Love this game! So addicting :-)
Awesome game, even for adults
Love it
Love it
Great and fun game
Awesome!!!
Great gameplay. Lots of levels. Well worth the money!
Awesome
Graphics are very crisp and game is excellent! The inapp purchases need to be a bit more reasonably priced.
Jus purchased the full version and ready to test it out!
My son 6 year old loves the game but its too easy for him to buy the extras. I have my account pin protected and he still bout them.
Thrilling
It's a realy fun game
It's a realy fun game
It wont let me play or buy mystery duck! Please help. LOl but, still 5 stars just fix please.
This game is absolutely phenomenal!!!!
Addicting.
Love this Game!
I am total addicted!!! I love this game!!!
This game is so fun and it makes me think hard
Even though this is a Disney game it is still interesting to an older group. The levels are sometimes simple but can also be challenging. Overall I love this game especially to kill a few minutes.
:)
AWESOME"!
Love this game
Very well designed mobile game from Disney, highly recommended for anyone trying to find a good game to play on their mobile device.
Wow! I'm impresed by the graphics, sounds, and puzzles! It is oviously worth buying! Recommended ages, 10 and up! A bit confusing puzzles...but I love that! Haha....
PERFECT game. Nothing has gone wrong yet except prepaid card is not working to get more levels.
Love this game, very addictive
This is a well made game iv never had a issue plus ive also brought swampys story and it just adds to the story
Very enjoyable and time consuming
Very enjoyable and time consuming
Awsome
Great game, play it all the time. Great for kids too.
Great game, play it all the time. Great for kids too.
Anyone else having trouble buying mystery duck addons?  I keep getting errors :(
Highly addictive. Works even better since I updated my OS on my galaxy s.
My son(6) loves this game!!!! And to be Honest, So Do I... Lol! :) :) :)
You can tell the difference from games that are made poorly and games that actually went through a thinking process. Big companies need to hire more individual developers to give resource to their creativity. Good job Disney.
The game itself is worth 4 or 5 stars, but I hate paying to see ads.
Awesome app wirks really well;)
Non linear fun
Excellent physics based game. Levels are beautifully designed which requires lot of thinking and are fun. 600 levels are quite a lot to keep you busy for almost a month. Its totally worth the price.
Excellent physics based game. Levels are beautifully designed which requires lot of thinking and are fun. 600 levels are quite a lot to keep you busy for almost a month. Its totally worth the price.
This game is fun.
I love
This is a good and fun app. So I hope you like it.
Very entertaining!
This game is a nice time waster.
Great for passing time! Makes you think, and last I checked that doesn't hurt anyone.
Awesome
hours of fun.
hours of fun.
Chindi app, I have become an addict. So many levels. Superb work
Freakin awesome
I     love it
I just love the many types of puzzles you encounter.
Cool
Love this game! Great for all ages. So many levels...I can't imagine that I will ever beat the whole thing.
Hooked within 3 games... Addictive!
This game has given me hours of fun. I was totally hooked from the start. Great job to the people who created it.
Cool
I'm as addicted as my 5yr!!!!!
This is such a great game. It is equally rewarding and challenging
Love it, I got the free version but addicted the first time, so I just got the paid version.
I love love love this game. Best game on market id say. Please do a sequal.....
C2-10 is defective. Says complete with swampy ducks but I have regular ducks :-/
Fun game works well.
Fun game works well.
Love the game.. Not only for children, great way to pass time
Best game ever
Best game on smartphone. Addicted to the game. More levels please.
So fun for me and my girls :-)
Challenging game, every level made you look forward to the next.
I bought the original and haven't updated, but it is soo much fun! Worth the $.99 it cost. It's a brain scratcher, a great time killer, and over-all a well made game.
Bought this app unable to download this app, emailed helpdesk. Still awaiting response. Will change rating when fixed
Best game
I love the extra lvls, I could play all day!
LOVE it. Totally worth paying for.
Totally addicted
Fun fun fun
Very cool game. Can play for hours.
Great for all ages. Challenging and fun. My kids love it. Play it on G S2 & LG MyTouch.
Love the different levels and things you can do with water.
Best Puzzle game
So much fun to be had. Amazing on my galaxy note.
Awesoooooommmmmmeeeeeeee
Awesoooooommmmmmeeeeeeee
fun
Over 300 levels, but not enough! This game is so cool, heaps of fun!
Very well made, addictive puzzle game.
Very well made, addictive puzzle game.
Great, very addictive.
Makes you think. Some very good challenges. Lots of fun.
Love it! Hollywood Best!
Love it! Hollywood Best!
Its cool
Wah wah wah you cant afford .99 cents the game is great and the add ons are great too great time waster when commuting love it
Absolutely love this game. I'm hooked.
Wow games awesome
Can't wait for more levels, hurry up! :)
Can't wait for more levels, hurry up! :)
Where's my water is a great little game with good playability. The levels get a little bit more tricky the further on you go, not too difficult and well worth the price.  ***** Plays Great on Galaxy S3. (oh if you don't want your kids buying the extra levels and games advertised, try removing your card details from your Google account)
This is my favorite game.
Best game on Android! Fun and challenging with awesome graphics.
Love this game
So fun I'm 13and I pla
Great little game to pass spare minutes, kinda like cut the rope but different enough to provide a new challenge. Recommended!
I love this game. I have the full version and the regular version. If you don't like the level or it's to hard you can just skip it.
Really really good game, but wish I didn't have to pay for more level and add-ons.
So so addictive
Ok gud game
A very fun game that you do enjoy when you have nothing to do (:
TOMAHAWK
Great game
Great game
Where's my water is a fun challenging game where you have to get clean water to swampy the alligator.And unlike any other alligator swampy loves to take baths.All ages will love this game.Its so fun and exciting and at the same time,with a little help from swampy,your kids will understand that its good to take showers and baths.You will not be disappointed when you purchase this game.!!!!
Quite challenging!
I love this game!!!!
Its awesome on my galaxy tab and horrible on my galaxy ace please fix error
I like the game.  :) :) :) :)
I love this gameeee! Comes great whenever I get bored haha
This is only the 2nd game I have paid for and it is worth it. Over 600 levels and they become much more challenging than the free version.
My kids and I love this game. Really challenging their minds on how to make the crocs happy and get all 3 ducks at the same time. Hope they make quick updates. Great game!!!
Seriously most addictive game! Love it! Thank you!
Awesome game!
Everyone should try this one out. I love it!
Its really fun to play!!
Hace no reseon to hate it
This game is a perfect game to play anywhere I could even play it if there isn't anything to do
Very good game, with awesome graphics!!!
Can't put it down
Love this. Works great on atrix 2
So much fun! Whole family loves playing it!
Im soo happy to play this game its better than the free version as well
i like it
i like it
I have download latest update twice, but can not installed, because invalid package file.
Awesome
Great game for passing time
very good
Game so awesome I love it .
Very fun, but cannot unlock levels with the locksmith
Only a dollar thank god makes my tablet randomly reboot galaxy tab 2 7.0 edit....sold the tab n got a galaxy s 2 game works fine!
Addictive LOL.
Love playing this game together when my son is bored
I <3 this game! If only save file was on SD card :(
This game is amazing.
This game is amazing.
needs more levels
My 5 year old niece has me hooked on this game. Sry I can't chat now I've got to get back to the game... :)
I <3 this game...make more levels!
Sooooooooooooooooo FUN
So addictive
awesome
Great game... Just hard sometimes to figure out..
Always have something to do now.
I like it.
Hours worth of fun
Hours worth of fun
Hours worth of fun
Hours worth of fun
I love this game!
Love this game!! I've played on my Samsung Galaxy phone, my nephew's kindle fire, and now my Samsung tablet!!!
Great game
Great game!!
It is soo much fun!!!! In my spare time i always play it! My whole family loves it and always wants to play it so pay the app now, u will love it too!!!
Challenging
Greater than free version
Super dooper fun
Super dooper fun
H
Very addicting. Angry who?
after this last update, I can't play any Mystery Duck levels, and if I clock on the Buy button, the game quits. Please fix it.
So much fun! Can't stop playing
Love it!!!
It is so amasing
Good game
Can't fault it
Great Game by far one of the best I've played for android!.. now if only it can be install on an SD Card then its all Cake!!!!!
Best ever
I love this game sososososo Much
I love this game sososososo Much
I love this game sososososo Much
Great little game to pass the time.
Great little game to pass the time.
My three-year old is playing this like crazy! Need more frequent updates!
Excellent Disney.
Everyone should own this game. Keep updating.
The best game ever
Excellent game just the.right level of.difficulty
Amazing game!!!
I purchase the game for my son, but I cant stop playing it
needs more levels
u will to
Plenty of replay value and the new levels are awesome!
Its a awesome game that can solve problems. It could be better of the other levels wouldn't been charged.
Sm levels r so tough.  Yea .. haha ..
My first buy...
Very addictive can't stop playing.
Awesome!  The guy that designed the levels is a genius!
I love this game
Yhis is a really good addicting game would be 4 stars if it didnt rinse my battery improve this ans it would be 5 stars all day long.
I love this game. I always have something to look forward to. It's like a good book, once you get started there no stopping me now.
This game is truly awesome...a must try! Great graphics too!
This game is the best you  can get a megga duck thank you
Awesome game, very addictive
Fun and highly addictive. I love it. Loads of extra levels being added all the time. Fantastic!
Great and fun game. Careful you'll lose track of time when playing! Droid 3, works great.
Wish I could get on with my work.
Best game ever....nothing better then finding a game me and my 4-year-old can both enjoy together.
Best fun ever!
Who said Disney games were for kids?! I'm 34 and this game rocks!!
What's that??? Don't ley me up-grade the game.
Nagyon addiktív !
Love this game... Tons of fun!!
Love this game... Tons of fun!!
Best game out there but not sure why it won't update with doing reinstall?
Weres my whater Is a really fun game it is the best
This is a great game especially for the low price. Lots of challenging levels.
2nd best game on a mobile device ever
Deffinetly a must.
Great game my kids love it,  and yes, so do I.
Best game ever
Best mobile app eva!!!!
Awesome fun game
Love this game :-)
:-)
I lov3 this game!!!!!!
Awsome game
Great game fun way to kill time
Great game fun way to kill time
Love!
Love!
Nice GUI...nice story...everything is nice...just a bit laggy on my phone...otherwise perfect!
Nice GUI...nice story...everything is nice...just a bit laggy on my phone...otherwise perfect!
Okokokokokok
must to have!
Good game
very entertaining...love it!!
This game has seriously provided me with over 50 days worth of entertainment, there are regular levels then bonus levels then hidden levels. Fun and challenging. Check "Where's My Perry" for even more fun!
Its a grate game but its just not loading for me.
I love love love it.  Best game.
Once you buy the game you also have access to more levels as they add more to the game.  The game its self is great fun for all ages.
I am absolutely addicted to this game. I cannot put it down. It's fun, funny and challenging, yet not impossible feeling to where you'd want to just quit. Highly recommended. 5 + stars.
Luv it
This game is great especially for me because I travel alot it is so adicting :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
for kids & adults!
Only game i play
Only game i play
On the final set of levels, it does not record if I get the "collection" items.(4.0)  Otherwise amazing game! And I will pay more $ for more levels so keep them coming!
Can't update to the new version keeps giving me an error message
The best game I have played in a long time somehow manages to get everything right... Perfect amount of fun and puzzles
So much fun!
Be careful... you'll find yourself playing this game all the time!
Been playing for months now, and the routine updates have been great.  My wife, kids, brothers, etc all absolutely LOVE this game.  Buy it...well worth the price, more so than any other game I've tried.
My whole family loves this, all the way down to my two year old daughter who calls Swampy "Cocodudol" ( her cute way of saying crocodile lol)
My whole family loves this, all the way down to my two year old daughter who calls Swampy "Cocodudol" ( her cute way of saying crocodile lol)
Gooood game get it
Great game
Great game
Awesome!
Love Everything about it
This is a really fun game and brings out my inner child.
This is a really fun game and brings out my inner child.
.
Good game
Good game
absolutely brilliant. i have  purchased the full game. im hooked on it !!!!!! well done to the ppl who made it
Love!
Love!
Love!
Best  game in the world
Good game
very addictive.  my kids & i love 2 battle eachother
Love it
My nephew has me addicted and i was forced to purchase it because it was so enjoyable!!!
Hate to update because my ducks usually disappear, but I freaking love this game!
Hate to update because my ducks usually disappear, but I freaking love this game!
This game is so much fun. I love it!!!
Awesome!love it need more levels.
I thought the game would be something I'd uninstall after a minute, seeing how its made by Disney and seems childish. But I was wrong and it really is a fun puzzle game :) A lot of the free levels are challenging, but more than manageable, so anyone can finish them.
Like
Great game but won't update, cant install on memory card for some reason :S
Great time waster game which requires some brain juice to make it through.
Bad update. Messes with your addons. Lost Cranky. Fix the update to include previous purchased addons or rating will remain bad. Also it seems to lag a lot now. (Previous complains fixed now, I just lost my progress dough - Fun Game).
Really happy with this game. The menu system could run a bit faster, but the gameplay is fantastic.
Whenever I restart my phone the shortcut is always missing and I have to go back into my programs and make a new one... This is the only aPP I have that does this. Please fix. Other than that it's a perfect game. My wife and I love it!
Wicked game
Excellent, gets the brain working and I think the colours and graphics r great, but CAN'T update for some reason, please fix!
Its so addicting!!!!!  Like angry birds
A freaking fantastic game.
Cut characters and cool game
Enough said
Splendid! hats off.. It suits simply every age group. Everyone will just love it!
Splendid! hats off.. It suits simply every age group. Everyone will just love it!
Not sure what other's are saying about freezes, and ads..This game is so much fun, no issues with droid..Can't stop playing, fun yet makes ya think..
I love it I just wish it was easier to get the upgrade!
Depending on age of child .
Depending on age of child .
I love this game. Its not only fun for adults but kid friendly too. My 5 year old plays this game all the time.
I love this game. Its not only fun for adults but kid friendly too. My 5 year old plays this game all the time.
But stop updating ios device first! We deserve updates at the same time
Fun game but keep the new levels coming.
Since the update for rising tide, the challenge items don't count as collected & I can't get to the last 2 bonus levels. Also in crankys story, when I try to go to "Food Groups," where I assume there are even more bonus levels, rhe app gets stuck on a black loading screen. If these problems could be fixed, I would really appreciate it...those are the only ducks I haven't collected!
With the new update I now see a service running for the game. If I kill it, it just starts up again. What needs to be running when I'm not playing? Downgrading 5 to 3 stars.
This game is incredible. Yes the new ducks were a little pricey in comparison. And NO they did not do $3 worth of programming in the mystery duck update. but I bought it. And played it all the way through. Overall the game was  $6. Is that worth it? Hell yes. They did well on this game! My advice? Buy the original. If you love it, buy cranky's story. If you can't get enough then buy the mystery ducks. For 99 cents for the original you don't even need the add-ons. What can you really lose out of it?
This game is incredible. Yes the new ducks were a little pricey in comparison. And NO they did not do $3 worth of programming in the mystery duck update. but I bought it. And played it all the way through. Overall the game was  $6. Is that worth it? Hell yes. They did well on this game! My advice? Buy the original. If you love it, buy cranky's story. If you can't get enough then buy the mystery ducks. For 99 cents for the original you don't even need the add-ons. What can you really lose out of it?
Awesome
Funn Love thus game its very addicting
Simple concept that's very addicting.  Runs smoothly on my Rezound.
i recommended this to my dad  and now he can't stop playing it!!! ツ
Although I do wish the updates would come out sooner. I get hooked and can't stop playing untill i tri-duck every level!!
This game is so much fun
but a little slow in some levels in galaxy ace
I love it....my daughter loves it...we're hooked on this simple and fun puzzler
cant get enough!
First I thought free version just enough but it was wrong. It incredible fun, I need it more.
As polished as peggle. And a sh*tload of levels. Nice difficulty variation too..
I love wmw its one of the best games next to angry birds when a new update comes out i play every level in rhe first day!!!!
my fave one <3
Soooooooo much fun but I already have all the ducks in swampys story and tri-ducked the lost levels.  Please make more.
This game is so funn!!!!
Very funny !
Very funny !
Excellent to kill time
Love it
I'm addicted to this game!
worth to play
I want to new state more
Quite addictive, but very CHALLENGING. Just LOVE IT TTM
So much better than angry birds!!! Love playing this game...have already cleared all levels so looking forward to more!!
interesting puzzle game
Great game!!!
Great game!!!
The best game I ever played! Great graphics and tons of levels.
my son like it
This has been the most amusing game I've played in years. It's fun, clean, and easy to play. Swampy is my hero!
This is an awesome game, I love it.  it is very challenging and a fun way to waste time while your waiting to see the doctor or whatever.
This is an awesome game, I love it.  it is very challenging and a fun way to waste time while your waiting to see the doctor or whatever.
This is an awesome game, I love it.  it is very challenging and a fun way to waste time while your waiting to see the doctor or whatever.
Fun and keeps you entertained. Story line is cool as well.
Not just a kids game ...even big kids love it too
This is a great way to kill time and isnt expensive :)
I've purchased the game a while ago and deleted MORE than enough games to make space on my phone, yet when I try to INSTALL the app, it tells me that "There is insufficient space" on my "device."  It's a great game but after wasting $1.00 I would think that it would be nice to actually PLAY the game.  Other than a few technical problems, I LOVE this game!!!!
I love this game.                      its the best.
This Game is awesome. Newest update stopped my phone from overheating too!
Love love love love this app / game..
Love this app! Got cranky's story, epic combination!
Awesome game!!!
Awesome game!!!
Best game ever!!  Just wish new levels would be added more frequently.
Best game ever!!  Just wish new levels would be added more frequently.
Fun game. Great price, HTC Rezound.
Fun game. Great price, HTC Rezound.
Really awesome game.  Hopefully after getting new phone ill still have all lvls unlocked.
Awesome!
I LOVE THIS GAME!! It's so much fun, but I would love some more levels please!!! :-) <3
The game is so addictive and he is so adorable! Love the flow of new levels added too.
I finish the game and i want more levels
I love this game!!!
This game is Great! It has alot of levels and it helps that they are not the same thing over and over! !!!!
Great game for many ages. It's very addictive-in a wet way!!
Keep making lost levels!
Addicted to this game!
Love it! Worth to buy. More level please
My daughter loves it. Thanx!
Love love love this game, but the update won't load.
Addicting
Yes
This is a awesome game
Awesome
This is the best game ever get another game called apparatus
One of my favorite apps, really fun game.
Such a fun game :) you should buy
Brilliant!! Absolutely brilliant!!
awesome game. loads of fun and quick and was to get to grips with
Really intertaining gets ur strategy skill to work. Love I recomend it and I got my family hooked!
Just a little addicting. Totally worth the dollar
Gud
So very addicted
Great game lots of time spend here.
Great game lots of time spend here.
They need to make a nintendo version
Nuff said.
Love it!! One of if not the best game out there. Got loads of levels and gets updated with morelevels more than any other game out there. Super sweet
Every time I see that there's some update available for my apps, I hope to Bajeezus that it's this. I can't wait for new levels.
Love this game, definetly worth $1! the game is more like a puzzle mind game rather than so repeatitive like angry birds.
awesome
Great app fun to play system whIle very addicting
Good bathroom game
It  is very gooooooooooooooooooooooooood game
Love this game! Very fun and addictive. I also have a problem with not being able to play Cranky's story, purchased it weeks ago and its still not working. Maybe an update will fix this... I'm stuck in a loop of "you already purchased this", and "processing". UPDATE 7/5/2012 newest update fixed cranky's story! Now everything works beautifully. Great game!!
Great game for any age
I'm a puzzle-person and I just can't put this game down.
This game is so much fun!
This game is so much fun!
Fun game  :-)
I got this game when it was only .99¢ this is one of my favorite games why the price has gone up
Bought this ages ago when it was 10p and never bothered with it. Playing it now and glad i am,  brilliant, simple as that
Definitely worth a dollar
This game is very cute and addictive.
Love it
Awesome brainstorming game !
My 4 yr old loves it and I can't get get enough.  Great game.
The Out to Dry levels are the best in the game. This is what Rising Tide should have been. BTW you don't need to be on the network to play, I just beat LTD on airplane mode. All the other paid packs are nice for those who want to never stop playing lol
Fix issues please!
Best game out there! Wish there were updates more often.
Easy to use.
Flawless execution of an awesome concept and many new additions keep me coming back for more. I can't recommend this game enough. The dozens and dozens of free levels via updates is just a cherry on top of the delicious cheesecake that is "Where's My Water".
Excelent games.
Im 26 and I Love this game!
H ggyhngfnyt hf
Just love it. Can't get enough
A+
Best game ever!
Very addicting!
Fie
Best game of all time!
A swimmingly good time
Error while downloading error 905 it's not updating
Error while downloading error 905 it's not updating
Fun strategic addictive
Simple yet fun game
Love it so addictive and keeps the kids occupied.
I love this game and so does my four year old son.
Awsome fun game best ever more levls plz:-)
Super fun
My 6 yr old is hooked, he showed his daddy how to play and now daddy is hooked. Lol. Yay for more levels!
Addicting!  Excellent!
Awesome! Love it.
Awesome! Love it.
Best game I have ever played on my phone. Angry birds bores the hell out of me this game tops that game my infinity!
Physics physics and physics.
Physics physics and physics.
My son loves the game.
This we keep you entertained for hours.
Vermakelijke gameplay, goed leveldesign, voldoende aantal levels, loopt zonder haperingen of bugs: dit is hoe elke game-app zou moeten zijn. Dikke pluim voor Disney Mobile.
Great game for waiting I use it all the time
Very addictive
This game is better than a snickers bar....its sweet snd addicting! Keeps me up at night! BRILLIANT GAME...wish games on the market could all be this fun. #1 game in my book :)
Great little game..his of fun.some tricky puzzles
But too easy. 3-ducked everyting within 1-5 attempts
But too easy. 3-ducked everyting within 1-5 attempts
On Experia Arc S package is invalid plrase fux
Brilliant to play in accident and emergency
Brilliant to play in accident and emergency
Very addictive game. Makes u think too much at times
Very fun game to pass time
Really addictive, definitely recommend it
Sweet!
Best game;)
Got all my friends hooked ok this game
All round great game. It keeps you constantly thinking and feeling challanged. Great fun!
All round great game. It keeps you constantly thinking and feeling challanged. Great fun!
Like the Game but no matter how many times i try to download is say insufficient space and i know i have plenty of storage
Great game! Addicting and could play for hours! I love it when a new update adds more levels (since I play so much I run out of levels) but no other complaints! I love this game!
Brilliant
Really like this one.  Keeps updating too!
Lots of fun for myself and my kids!
Awsomeness
Best game app! Total addicted
Nice game
Love this game. Hours of addicting fun!
Love this game. Hours of addicting fun!
Good game to play
لعبة رائعة لا تمل
The best game I have downloaded so far... Awesome :-)
I love it.
Very addictive
Very addictive
Recomended
I love where's my water to play on the go
Taková "blbina" a lámeme si u ní hlavu všichni: děti, žena i já.
Me likey
Such a wonderful game!
Such a wonderful game!
Such a wonderful game!
Why is the mystery duck upgrade $3?!
Loads of levels,  cute graphics, very addictive.
Self explanatory
Self explanatory
Great game!!!
awesome
Love playing it and you get free updates all the time.
Excellent puzzle game, definitely worth buying. Edit: Finally, after God knows how many weeks after I bought Cranky's story, it finally works. Thx.
But it is very glitchy and lags.
My family and I love this game.  We spend hours playing it.
'Where's my water' thumbs up!. Purchased cranky's story and still not able to install..keeps saying 'processing' and stays that way forever.
Me and my 5 year old absolutely love this app.
Had this game for almost a year and have never got bored with it, love the frequent updates.
Woot!!!
Exciting
Love it so much!! Tons of fun.
I was wary of the Disney association, but this game is excellent. Walks the line of challenge & ease like longevity titles of Super Mario & Tetris.
Its very well made...keeps me busy. Just the right game for a lunch break.
ICS problem seems to have been overcome. 5 stars!
My kids and I love this game. Great graphics and challenges. Well worth the money. Keep the new levels coming.
Love this game :)
Awesome Game
짱!
I purchased Cranky's story 2 days ago. Still it tells that the order is processing.
Thank you for the best game i have ever played
Love this game
Love this game
Love the game. 5/5
Best game ever
This app is fun.!
A best game, get it 4 sure.
More updates please!
More updates please!
This is the best game ever. It is challenging but still fun. I love it.
Best game on android!!!
Cool game！！
Cant say anything, for this game, more updates please, i gonna buy another story yay! Xd
Outstanding game
Great game i cant stop
Both my 2 yr old and I enjoy playing. For my son making sure the alligator is bathed is a must, so cute. For myself I love the play of angles.
Best app on the market
Addictive
I find this game to be fun and exciting to play. A must have.
This game is addicting and there are so many levels
So happy to find extra levels have been released. This without a doubt is one of, if not the best game I've played/purchased off the market.
Realy fun game () () (O-O) o(")(") so does mr.bunny :D
Its so fun! Great game to pass time by!
Its so fun! Great game to pass time by!
Love it
I love this game and the more recently new levels.. Worth every penny if you ask me :) 5 stars
My 4 year old loves it...and I love it too.  Loads of fun!
This game is very entertaining and very intriguing.
Love it!
My whole family loves it
Great game
Awesome game
Best game ever made! PS. (+-+)  :-D
Mystery ducks. How does one buy it? I keep getting an error [DF- DIC- 02] when I try to buy :/
Couldn't get enough of the free version
This is a fun and addictive game. Can't put my phone down.
More fun on tablet..
More fun on tablet..
WOW
WOW
Love this game. Best game in google play imo.
Too easy on some levels
I love wheres my water! I cant stop playing it!
Awesome game. keep the new levels coming :)
My kids love it.
Fun fun fun!
One of the best games on Android. My son and I are quite addicted
Great
Love it.
best game ever
This awesome game puts your mind to work and joy at the same time. Relax back and help the crocs take a bath.
Absolutely brilliant. Levels range from easy to really challenging. love the extra challenges of collections too.
my 7 year old, 18 year, and 19 year old all love this game!
A really great puzzler with fantastic graphics, cute audio and amazing value for money! ^_^
Awesome game
Love this!!
I reinstalled my phone twice and wheres my water got wiped and need to restart from lvl 1..pls use online save or import save to sd
great game
Great game
Excellent game, great interface. Fun and addictive.
Awesome love it :)
And so do my children aged 8 & 4. There are all kinds of levels to suit us all. Some easy, others no so. It's very addictive & lots of fun. Thank you.
Awesome game...worth the money...
This game is addictive my daughter won't give me my phone back
Love it
I was turned off by this originally because the logo made it look like a "Cut the Rope" knockoff. But don't be fooled. This is an incredibly original game. Hours of fun puzzles.
After the last update my game no longer works please fix
Awesome..!! I like it...
I love it!!!
Can't put this down!
I love this game, totally worth buying... the free updates are much appreciated thanks!
Updated!
the fact they release free game play updates is really cool, makes this game endlessly fun to play.
My seven year old daughter and niece love this game!
Adorable & so addictive! I love this game :)  Razr Maxx
Adorable & so addictive! I love this game :)  Razr Maxx
grate but needs more levels
Great game
This is a cheap and VERY GOOD game
This is a cheap and VERY GOOD game
This is a cheap and VERY GOOD game
Best game ever purchased.
Really additive but well worth it.
As the greed has crept in.
Love this game
Great game and addictive
There's one level I just can't do! Yay update tho, I can finally play again :-)
The best game ever for a phone, I play it.over and over and over again!
Worth it.
Awesome game with continually updating with new levels!
Pay for more levels? :(
Brilliant game excellent for keeping you playing again and again. Be warned this is like digital crack. Once you start playing you can't stop.
BEST CASUAL GAME EVER
great game loving it
This game is right up there with Angry Birds, Temple Run and the rest of them. can't go wrong here.
Hands down, the best puzzle game for droid.
Very cool!
I found uninstalling the game and fresh download fixed the problem with not getting the cranky levels.
Its an awesome game..u never get bored of it!
:-)
Downloaded for my five year old but I'm addicted
Awesome game!
Awesome game!
Awesome game!
Awesome game! Well worth it. Keep up the updates guys! Loving it
Great game, great fun and a well balanced challenge
I am not one that plays games on my phone but my family got me hooked - wait,  maybe that is a bad thing - I mean I started out with the FREE VERSION and now I think I need 12 steps.
Easily the best game on the market.
And the updates just keep making this better. This is the game I play the most.
Best game ever!
love this game x
Best 99 cent app I've bought
Love this game have it on my cell phone and on my I pad 2
I played all the free levels and had to buy the full game because i got hooked. Also bought the Cranky levels.
Can't put it down.... Just brilliant. I'll be gutted when I complete it.
Love it
Good graphics, sounds, and game play.
Simply Awsome.
Bought this for my kids, but I play it and love it just as much, if not more....and I'm not the only adult I know who feels that way!!! ;)
Can't put it down! I love it.
Excl Game completed all , More levels please ...paid for version Motorola ATRIX/Samsung Galaxy S2 Best game for years very very happy well done
Love it
Excellent
Whenever I beat a level in the newest update out in the mud it doesn't save. So when I back out it starts over again.
Awesome
...and I'm nearly 40. For shame.
its probably the best game i've enjoyed so far, no issue with that. Cranky fixed, coupled with many more new stuffs, five star for sure
And the sequel to it too!
Wheres my water is wonderfull they needbto make more levels fasyer though
First app I have paid for, and it is totally worth it! I have had it for a few weeks now, and I have already beaten it, and started over! And I still love it the second time around, which means it is definitely great!
I cant get enough.. More levels faster please!!!
Not only is it colorful, challenging and fun, but it's been updated about every month with new levels at no extra cost! If you don't have this game then you don't deserve to have a phone that plays games.
Who can't love this!
I just cant stop playing it!!!!!
Great game
Super addictive!!!
I've been playing this off and on for months. Well worth the purchase price. Nice job by Disney.
It is the greatest game ever cause if you cant get past a level you can get your friends and family together to help you
Great game!
I love it but we need more levels .
Doesn't even open after the last update
Awesome
It' S GAME IS SO FUNNY AND GOOD FOR ADULT AND KIDS.
Very fun to play :-)
Addicting! I can't stop playing.
Good fun
Reset the game about a dozen times already. Really addictive, good fun
I also purchased cranky but the game never allowed me to play. I'd be more upset if it wasn't just a dollar. Over all swampy rocks
Love this game. Thsnkd for providing updates.
Fantastic game so addictive... More levels please
This games is really awesome thumbs up!
Fantastic game, but I'm not a big fan of inapp purchases, and this app has a lot of them.
Lots  of  fun  and  don,t forget the  extras!
Lots  of  fun  and  don,t forget the  extras!
I love this game
I love this game
I have a Asus Prime tablet and this update is not compatible with my device, lol. I have had it installed for weeks and works fine. I am hoping this is an oversight because that would be really stupid. Cool game but!
Thanks for create this game...
more updates!
Best Disney game ever seriously worth the purchase
Simply great... I can hardly put it down.
Actually bought it.....was that much fun
When I bought this game of course they didn't know how fast it would go. I fell in love with it playing hours at a time. Now after buying one I am forced to buy another. then I see they have a where's my Perry? Same game different characters. Why not add it to the swampy series. Trying to make more money from those who know how cool the game is
Good games
Awesome.
Nice app
It's addictive, it's fun. What more could you want?
It's addictive, it's fun. What more could you want?
It's addictive, it's fun. What more could you want?
Awesome fun and was worth buying... Very addicting
The first game I paid for on play, and it deserve to be paid for.
Fun game
Fun game
Addictive game...must have this one in your mobile..
Addictive game...must have this one in your mobile..
Brilliant game love it!!!
Thanks
Brilliant fun, and the most addictive game I have played in a long time  haven't bought crankys story yet, but will be soon!
I love it
Honestly, the best game i've ever played... IPhone or Android
Is fun and make you think
Based God!
Best game to come after cut the rope and probably from Disney after split/second..... fall in all recommended
Purchased Cranks story, but it errors and won't let me play. Sent a detailed email describing problem and no response. 5 stars when I can play the content I paid for, rest of game is ace
Love this game
More please !!
Best game ever could only be better if new levels came faster best game on my phone by far
Super awesome, love the free updates!
Brilliant little game. Great fun and very cute.
Really fun! Better than cut the rope!
Really fun! Better than cut the rope!
I like it
Very nice
Great game hours of fun but can't download crankys story. Please fix
Love this! !!
Addictive to say the least!
Swampy's so cute!  Glad that I decided to download this game. Good job Disney!
Really fun, no bugs. s2
Love this game
Highly addictive
Love this game!
This game is perfect. Fun. Hard to put down and no glitches..... Finally!
This Game Rocks
And addictive.
Worth the few pence so get downloading.
Now better loading times on ICS or jelly bean. Love this game!
Best phone game EVER! One of my favourite GAMES, console or not, and I'm a game designer!
Love this game
Very fun and addictive.
Plenty to entertain and variation. A good purchase.
Addictive is not the word
Very good game
Very good game
I finished all levels, achievements and collections.  I have 3 ducks on everything.  My friend got an update with new levels when this happened.  Where's my update?  Awesome game and I want to play more!
I finished all levels, achievements and collections.  I have 3 ducks on everything.  My friend got an update with new levels when this happened.  Where's my update?  Awesome game and I want to play more!
Beautiful game
Paid for crankys story and kept saying it was processing, uninstalled the game, and now it works only problem is ive had yo start all over again.
i finished all the levels with all the ducks!!.  i rate a 3stars just because theres no new levels on the full app and on the free versions theres 3 new stages!!! NEW LEVELS PLEASE!!
An excellent game to play when you are waiting to go places...
Fantastic, super addictive game! Works perfectly on my Droid Bionic
Love this game <3
A very good game for mobile phones
Gives those BIRDS a run for their money
Love it but I finished all the levels and been without an update for more than 3 weeks. It needs an android update asap. My friend on iphone has more levels to play!!!
Love it but I finished all the levels and been without an update for more than 3 weeks. It needs an android update asap. My friend on iphone has more levels to play!!!
Clean graphics. Simple concept. Great for passing your time while riding the bus or train. In some of tue levels you are actually forced to think
Wiiii
Creatively addicting!
awesome
So much fun. Up there with cut the rope and angry birds as one of the greats. I hope there will be more free levels even though where's my Perry is out
Great game, but updates are slow!
Best
Oh my bob I'm so addicted to this game having so much fun
Great game
I like this game, entertains the mind..
Uber Addictive!!
Just amazing!!!!!love swampy
It's a good app but you have to pay attention to the time. You can loose yourself in it. Remember family is more important than a still game!!
best game out right now
If you loved cut three type you'll love WMW
Ive tri-ducked the whole game i want more levels... Fun game none the less
Best 99 cents i've spent in a long time!
Hours of awesome fun
Cool
Love this game
Great game its a good time killer and is not time consuming
I love WHERE'S MY WATER!!!!!!!!!!!
Undeniably fun and challenging
PLEASE FIX THIS UPDATE!!!!!! I PAID FOR CRANKYS STORY N IT STILL WONT LOAD! KEEPS SAYING ERROR.....MY FAVE GAME BUT I MIGHT SAY FORGET IT BCUZ THIS BUG CANT BE FIXED!
Totally worth the $0.99
Actually a really fun game. Lots of levels and quite challenging. And it finally has app2sd support.
Woooooooo
Really enjoy this game
Can't wait for the updates...beat the levels multiple times!
Great addictive fun! Way better than that awful Angry Bird scrub crap
There is nothing wrong with this game but after playing it for more Than 10 min it heats up my phone. Last time it played, the temp went up to 116.27 degree F.
Brilliant game play with the SG Note.
Have it both in my phone and pad,love it!
This game is brilliant - it entertains as well as makes you think, especially as you get further into the game. It appeals to everyone. Can"t get cranky's story - keeps on processing, but no joy. Fix this up please.
Love this game!
Interesting and challenging puzzles. Kinda awful on the phone but very good on a tablet.
Love this game!
Just complete all the levels n waiting for new levels (upgrade) :-)  love your game... keep up the good work. Oh and when is the upgrade? Thank you :-)
Just complete all the levels n waiting for new levels (upgrade) :-)  love your game... keep up the good work. Oh and when is the upgrade? Thank you :-)
Love it
Fun with tons of levels plus updates and crankys story so it never gets old. Love the skip level feature if you're really stuck.
This is the best game ever!
Totally addictive ... but only play if you are prepar ed to lose a couple of days of your life :-)
I love to play..addictive
Really original n entertaining!!
Really funny game. On my Galaxy Tab there were some freezes.
Nothing more to say.
this game is really fun and super addicitive......
Great game that you can pop open if you have a few minutes to kill. Well worth the buck I spent.
Not too easy, not too frustrating. Excellent puzzle game. Highly recommend.
This is one of the best games on the market. Good way to waist time while waiting on the day to pass.
I like it so much
This Is a great game, I love playing it, it has a simple  aspect to it, yet it can be challenging. This would be one of the best puzzle games on the market, and it's very cheap ! Worth a buy or even a look at.
It's a great game.Lods of great games up to 200.  from. Ben                  YOUR MY FAVIOT GAME.
Love this app its way addicting. Worth buying.  The cranky levels are a riot. Wasted so much time on this
Solid game, good to kill some time with.
Seriously, this is by far the best game I've ever plated on my phone; or indeed any mobile gaming device I've ever bought. Incredibly well presented, unique central game mechanic with loads of variation added in as the levels progress, totally 100% suited to a touch-screen and, most importantly of all, just bags and bags of fun. Also amazing value for money; they've added in about five full level packs (including bonus levels and achievements) since I first picked this up and apparently there are still more on the way. Don't hesitate for a second, and don't assume this is some useless cutesy Disney nonsense either, just buy it and love it.
Great game for all ages, some levels are challenging but my kids still love having a go too.
I had downloaded a free version of this game and now I gonna buy the full one. Just an awesome game.
nice game very fun !
had nothing to do but to stay at home on sunday, this made my day.
I got this for my son, but have ended up hogging it to myself. I love it
Very fun!
Great fun
GREAT GAME!!!
Cute. Relaxing. Fulfilling.
Love this game! Played all the levels and bought the expansion. Really addictive and fun.
Challenging puzzles you can't put down
Hours of great fun.
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love it!
Really addictive game
Awesome!!!!!!
A very clever puzzle game with exciting level design and adrenalin inducing timed puzzles. Stage collectables for the OCD gamer make this title a buy!
Lots of fun
Gamings are to many fun
Great!
Great!
Love it!
Awesome
Is a fun game! !
Pro: How simple, challenging and addicting the game is.  Con: Needs more levels
Great game once you start you can't stop!!!!
This game is fun and challenging and is a great way to pass time! Please come up with more updates!:)
Love the free version..works great  Paid version..does not work at all. So disappointed.. please fix. Guess 3 times z charm, its working great thank you thank you xxxoooo I love this game. You made my day...
Having lots of fun. Puzzles are challenging from the get go.
i love this game
!!!
Nice little game
This game is so fun, bought it for both ipod and droid. My only disappointment is that the updates don't come out at the same time or even close to the same time, ipod seems to always come out first.
Don't be fooled by the graphics. It may be easy to pass a level but getting 3 ducks is a challenge.
This game is awsome
This game is awsome
This is fun and addicting
It's so fantastic and amazing and suitable game for touch screen. It's really smart and challenging game.
Best android game ever played. Worths the less than one euro!!!!!!!! Runs smoothly in Xperia arc
Love this game....worth the money to buy this game but needs faster updates for more levels
As good a game as any out there.  Tons of levels. A great challenge
It would so great if we could get an update with new levels ASAP. I've finished all levels and ready for more... please hurry with new levels.
This game is a lot of fun! Fairly simple to play and not overly difficult. Great stress reliever.
Well presented and great gameplay
Love love this game.
Keeps ya busy hurry with the updates!!!
Yeaa its soo fuhnnn I suggest paying the dollar its worth it
Very addictive. Well worth the money.
Amazing
At the beginning it seems quite easy but as you proceed to the next stages it really makes you think. Great game!
At the beginning it seems quite easy but as you proceed to the next stages it really makes you think. Great game!
At the beginning it seems quite easy but as you proceed to the next stages it really makes you think. Great game!
Clever games
Great game! I felt like a child again! :)
5 star entertainment that will exercise your brain.
Good game.  Really enjoyed it
Mind twisted and addictive. Good game to be recommended.
Addictive but it wont let me get past level 3-4. Keeps on closing on me. What's happening? Please fix!
Nice game.  .
Bought cranky story too  Just reseted to play again
Love this game!  Works well on my Droid Bionic too :)
It is made for kids, but anyone will love this game.
It is made for kids, but anyone will love this game.
It is made for kids, but anyone will love this game.
It is made for kids, but anyone will love this game.
Addicted!!
Love this game. It is amazingly simple and intuitive to play. Most puzzles are easy enough to get through but the complexity us in getting all three ducks. Got this for 10cents. Will gladly pay full price.
I love where's my water! At first I thought wow this game is so stupid when I watched my friends play but the more I watched I started to like so I downloaded the free version! But after I got 3 ducks on all the levels including bonus I had nothing to challeng me so since that I developed a love for the game and purchased the real full game! And I swear it keeps me occupied for hours at time ! So I rate this five stars!:)
I love where's my water! At first I thought wow this game is so stupid when I watched my friends play but the more I watched I started to like so I downloaded the free version! But after I got 3 ducks on all the levels including bonus I had nothing to challeng me so since that I developed a love for the game and purchased the real full game! And I swear it keeps me occupied for hours at time ! So I rate this five stars!:)
I love this because its easy.
Love it
So much fun! Keeps me entertained for hours!!
Very addictive !!! LOL
Pretty cool
I love this game I wish they would keep making levels and that crankys story was included
Highly addictive time-waster
Best 99¢ ever spent :-)
Love it
Play it a lot
Best game I've ever played!
After trying the free version, i know immediately that this game is the one to break my miser's spirit.
My 5 year old and i both love this game!
My 5 year old and i both love this game!
My 5 year old and i both love this game!
Very funny game
So much fun
One of the most addictive and fun games out there. Get the paid version, its a snip at this price.
Challenging but not too hard
Challenging but not too hard
IT'S A RELL
IT'S A RELL
Love love this game! Thank you. Great job creating this game.
There goes my lunch hour!
Love this game!!
Its keeps me entertain
This game is great!!!! Just wish the update wouldn't error out
fantastic game!
fantastic game!
Now just do us Android folks a favor and send the new update you pushed through to IOS - no favoring platforms, Disney!
Okla. I confirm buy a full version.
Had to reset ran out of levels. but good now. Only game to pay money for.
I like this game i can't stop play in...
Awesome awesome awesome :-)
excellent  game  very  greeny
Love this game but have completed it I want mote
Love this game but have completed it I want mote
Love to play it for hours..addicted to this game. Worth to buy Thanks
Tried the free version very addicting thats why i purchased the full worth the buy kep it up disney :)
So addicting even for an adult like myself!!!!!!
It is extremely addictive...has a lot of levels and you can spend hours playing it.
Awesome, addicting game
I love this game been addicted ever since my mom let me play IM HOOK ALL I WANT IS FOR THEM TO HURRY UP N MAKE MORE LEVELS FAST SO I SHALL UPDATE QUICKLY
Challenging but not boring
Your the best
Fun addictive goodness.
Great game.
Very addicting game.
I never play computer games except Tetris and Sudoku but this little buddy has made me fall in love! I even opened a Mastercard account just for the sake of Swampy...
Really great game SO much better the temple run or cut the rope
Great game, very fun and addicting. But crankys story won't play, what gives? I paid for the upload and it just spins and spins
Love this game plays great but needs more levels soon!!!
Fun A good time waster
very good game love it, cant stop playing on it
Awesome
Best game ever!
simply fantastic
simply fantastic
What up home dogs
Very addictive game
Fun, Entertaining and Smart Game! 5 Stars!
Really enjoyable game! Totally addictive, cant wait for new levels!
Great game, thinker an great time passer
Puzzles are Awesome! Love it looks great on the LG Spectrum:)
I absolutely adore this game. I can never stop playing it once I start. All of the levels are unique and different and some are very challenging. It has never force closed or frozen my phone. Not once. Best game I've ever got.
Just like mobile games should be.
It's awesome and addicting. Highly recommend
Great game very addictive!
And I'm 30 years old haha I can't put it down
Nice game ever
Love the game, I am totally addicted but I hate that you wait a week or more to update the game after the iPhone gets updated.
Very cool
Worth every dollar!!!!!!!!
Disney you never disappoint!
Exerllent game. Never off it 10/10
When will there be an update? I want more. I need a new challenge.
I wanna see Where is my Perry on Android!
Not to taxing but very addictive
Love this game !!! Works great....when r u gonna update
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv	yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyggyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyes
So many levels and extras to keep you entertained
New levels please :D
This game is great
This game is great
This game is great
I got charged $1.99 for the app+ cranky's story, but I did not get cranky!! Help please
Very ADDICTING GAME !!  LOVE IT.
Great game! Need new levels!
So much fun won't regret any cent spend for!Love it!
I love this game every time I down load a  game to play on my phone I always fine myself going back to where's my water
I love this game every time I down load a  game to play on my phone I always fine myself going back to where's my water
Why the hell does it keep deleting off my phone
This game is very addicting and worth the dollar but they do need to get more levels added please!!!
Seriously the best game this year!
Great for kids and adults
Awesome!!!
My son and I LOVE this game!
My son and I LOVE this game!
Its a fun game
New maps anytime soon?
Need more
One of the best games on the market.
Great pass time
There's nothing Disney can't do. Fun addicting app love swampy and disney excellent graphics and design keep'em coming.
It's challenging!!!
Works well, s3
Good game!
Love the constant thinking needed to solve each level
This game is sooo fun! Best game every!!
Great time killer
This game is addicting!
Unable to download app. Can install the free version but will not allow me to download the paid version saying 'insufficient space' when I have double what's needed
Love this game. A great challenge later on but always rewarding
Love this game. A great challenge later on but always rewarding
Amazing game
We need more levels....
Muuuito bem feito o jogo
Love this game
Love this game
Good game but gets pretty tough later on
Superb
I find myself whistling this catchy little tune throughout the day...great, fun, addicting game!!
Whole family enjoys this game, from the 2 yr old all the way up to 40+ yr old parents!
Love this!So addictive.
Had great fun playing this game
Best puzzle game
Give me more please
Tri-ducked every level. Have all achievements and collections. Even got Cranky's story. Currently have completed this game 100%. Please give more levels.
Love it. Nicely made game
Probably the best game ever for a touch screen device.
Probably the best game ever for a touch screen device.
Awesome
nice game
Wow, this game us amazingly fun. I love the concept of it. More fun than otger games too like angry birds ;).
Wow, this game us amazingly fun. I love the concept of it. More fun than otger games too like angry birds ;).
Very good game, interesting and motivating. Good graphics and skill levels....
Please add more levels.i love this game n ran out of games to play.
just great. challenging, fun and addicting. runs well with out a hitch. thanks guys
I love this game XD
It's a grate game
I can't take my hand off it. Please add more levels... :-)
Why does it take so long to download crankys story!?!
Good game
Great  game
This game is so much fun, it's addictive and sometimes frustrating. Would highly recommend.
Only game I have ever purchased...and not disapointed
Good game don't want to put it down
Very fun, quick gameplay. Lots of levels keep you entertained for quite a long while.
I got this for my 8 year old and now both of us can't put it down.
I got this for my 8 year old and now both of us can't put it down.
This game I think is AWESOME but its hard I like hard I love this game
Wow. Download this now. It might just stop one getting bored when the tennis is on bbc and eastendrs is running late. A fabulous game!
I love this game. Need more levels
What a great game yup£ yup£
Best game ever!!!!
Bought it for my daughter and now I play it more than her!
The game has always been awesome, I've played it over the ipad, iPhone and tab. Need more levels.
This is the only app I've ever paid for, and it's well worth the money. Great concept and perfect execution.
Gud game. Completed 4 times .. Please make new levels. I check for updates of wheres my water and ders no new update. Atleast 2 new levels
worth the $. keep up the great work.
Awsome game. Way better than Fruit Ninja!
Like I said...BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very fun game keeps u wanted more
Warning to all, once you start playing it is impossible to put down!
Really worth your money:-) buy it!
Really worth your money:-) buy it!
This game has my attention all the time I no I love this game an the cost is very go for a great game I give it 10 thumbs up
Highly addictive after a few goes make sure you buy crankeys storey while it cheap coz again well worth it  Totaly my fav app ever !!!
Can't stop playing, great game.
Can't stop playing, great game.
Excellent game design. Fun
Is time counsoming. Game
Totally addicted to this game, more levels please!!
Good
LOVE THIS GAME
Love puzzle games and this one doesn't disappoint.
This game fun 8D
Worth the money
Very cool
It's so addictive. Very interesting game but also hard.. my fav app for my phone
Only problem is how addictive it is. A suggestion for the devs: add prestige mode like call of duty. I have reset my profile and played the whole game multiple times.
Only problem is how addictive it is. A suggestion for the devs: add prestige mode like call of duty. I have reset my profile and played the whole game multiple times.
love it
Completely addicted
Completely addicted
Surprisingly Addictive XD
Surprisingly Addictive XD
Very fun. Very addicting. Nice alternative to Angry Birds.
This is a cool game
Great game
Addicting game love it
Fun game...great way to kill some time.
only game that I play from start to finish
Hard but epic
If you add the sandbox mode, I will be able to make my own levels!!!!!!!
I purchased Cranky's story and its been processing for two days it won't let me play and i don't know what to dk any suggestions??
I love this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its the best game ever !!
Qua
Very nice to play , I just cannot stop to play.
A LOT of content for one game
I do not regret buying this game! I recommend buying it very much!
Amazing!!!!
Pretty easy for the most part but enjoyable and entertaining
Love it super fun
Very colorful, fun, and a great way to waste time!
Love this game its very entertaining ...
What a fun little game! Loads of levels..I also like the addition of the purple poison..especially when i get to use it as if it were Kool-Aid...lol
Love it
This game is amazing!!! Worth every cent.
My kids, 4 and 6, love this game!
Nice game ..i need more upgrading ...
Got an error when purchasing cranky story.
Love the game
Fun!!!!
Its fun to play sum r hard but at the end its fun
Best game ever
I am got the free version and finished within an hour I had to purchase it for 99 cents it was a steal!!
Superb game both in terms of game play and value for money. Love it
Only problem is I purchased crankys story but it wont load
Challenging for me, but easy enough to figure out that my 3 year old son can do it.  Great game.
Awesome I'm loving this starts of Well easy but does get challenging
Que juego tan bueno, recomendado para adult@s, niñ@s y toda la familia jajaja...
Such a fun addicting game!!
My entire family ages 4up all love this game. Its fun and addicting. Wish more levels were available faster.
Awesome
So addicting
Addictive love it x
Great game for any age!
Games great. But frustrating that crankys won't upload. I paid for it days ago. I've beaten the rest of game so I don't want to uninstall. This should be fixed by now.
Way too much fun! Love it!
Good graphics!
Good graphics!
WMW >>> Angry Birds
Get it! Puzzle game that is incredibly well put together.  Works great on my SGS2, worth the bit for the addon pack too.  Devs,  Ty,  keep up the good work guys :-)
Best game to play with! Love it...
Very addictive.
More levels please :)
More levels please :)
love it
Really addicted game.
Really addicted game.
entertaining
The best mobile game ever...
This is such a good game, got threw it quite quickly would be brilliant if some new levels were added !!!
I love this game, I reset it once I've finished so I can play it again!
Possibly one of the most entertaining games on the market.
Really fun I'm out of levels n need more very badly
I'm addicted, 100% complete can't wait for the next update! More of crankys challanges please Mr dev man
Excellent
Really clever and very fun
Great fun for less then a dollar.
Game is awesome but needs more levels
Game is awesome but needs more levels
Game is awesome but needs more levels
love it!!!
Simple to learn, elegant & fun graphics, varied challenges - just good fun
I'm an addict now and never get enough of it.
Highly addictive... Awesome game..
Started a week ago and cant put it down.
My 4 year old loves trying to complete the levels and will do some over again once she figures them out. My husband and I also like that you have to think to solve the harder levels!
It is a great game and it teaches kids to keep clean I love it!
Great game
This is the best puzzle game owsome
This is the best puzzle game owsome
I have cleared the progress of the game once already to play again!
Make more!
Game for all age! Love it
Love this game
Smooth graphics, addictive game play and awesome physics!  THIS is how you make a game folks!  Well done!
I can't put this down! Move over angry birds!
5 yr old loves it
If you don't have it get it. Very addicting, much fun.
Great puzzle game
It makes u think ....and is fun.... But can be a little slow when loading
Nice
so cool
Don't usually buy phone games but this is worth every penny...a must have!
Get game to pass the hours
Played the free version 100%ed it and got the full version, well worth it!
I love games that operate on the premise that it's "fun to be smart." This game rewards your brain power with a slick, beautifully animated presentation and a huge amount of highly varied content. And it's totally addictive. The learning curve is gradual, the game play is tight and the sense if accomplishment one gets from "tri-ducking" a particularly devious level is visceral. Can't recommend this challenging, amusing experience high enough.
I love games that operate on the premise that it's "fun to be smart." This game rewards your brain power with a slick, beautifully animated presentation and a huge amount of highly varied content. And it's totally addictive. The learning curve is gradual, the game play is tight and the sense if accomplishment one gets from "tri-ducking" a particularly devious level is visceral. Can't recommend this challenging, amusing experience high enough.
Awesome game. Very creative, challenging, and entertaining. Constantly changing what you have to do to get to the next level. Love it   :-)
Love it!!!
Really good game. Very polished.
Very addictive!
Good game..keep it up
Very addictive fun game.
Addicting! Works well on the Droid incredible 2.
Paid for full version and is awsome
Paid for full version and is awsome
my daughter very like it (play with galaxy tab 7.7)
Good
Can be very tough to get 3 stars, or ducks, on every board. This is a genuinely innovative game. Don't see many of those these days.
Can be very tough to get 3 stars, or ducks, on every board. This is a genuinely innovative game. Don't see many of those these days.
Hours of funny for my family, and me !!!
I love the game, as do my kids. Only problem I have is that its a battery hog.
This is the only android game i liked full Amazing game
Great game! For kids and adults..
Great game, love the puzzles, animation and sounds :)
Duh
My daughter and I play this one all the time, great fun and challenging at times, great time waster for those quite times.
Great game.. thank yuh
I was going to help my girlfriend cook dinner. I started playing this game. I now have no dinner.
Grabbed the game and finally tried it out a month later. Ended up playing the darn thing for the next hour! Crazy fun!
Good time killer
Wicked fun for hours
One of the best games I have ever had.
I tried da free game an I finished it in a couple hours so I jst had to purchase the paid game very recommended game
I tried da free game an I finished it in a couple hours so I jst had to purchase the paid game very recommended game
My girls absolutely love this game! Great for all ages.
I love this app, its lots of fun!
It's so fun
Nice game
Love the game, extremely enjoyable!
Lots of fun to play. Very frustrating when my phone times out while I'm trying to solve a level. Can you make WMW override that function on my phone? 5 stars when you do.
This game is so addicting!!
Perfect for entertainment
Very addictive
Love it
This is an excellent puzzle game for families with a touch screen device. It is safe and delightfully fun with a wide variety of puzzles.
This is an excellent puzzle game for families with a touch screen device. It is safe and delightfully fun with a wide variety of puzzles.
This is one game that can challenge "Angry Birds". Kudos to the developers, worth buying.
Good
Fun and addictive
Like a lots of people love the game but after paying for crankys story it wont load. Fix it or refund now.
Great game. My kindergarten students introduced me to this game. Good for problem solving for kids and fun for all!
Lots of fun
hours of fun!!!
This game is fantastic if you like puzzles. Really makes you think. Love it!
Addictive!!!
Addictive!!!
Addictive!!!
The game is fun and chanlening
Awesome! Addictive, no issues, glitches, etc. THANK YOU, Disney! Nice break from 'Birds', challenging, entertaining, time consumer!!!
Awesome! Addictive, no issues, glitches, etc. THANK YOU, Disney! Nice break from 'Birds', challenging, entertaining, time consumer!!!
Works perfectly on galaxy tab 2 7" and Asus TF300
!!!
!!!
This game is addictive! Works great! EVO 3g
Love this game I love to play it with my kid
Love it!
Best game I've found since angrybirds. Like the mental factors. Great
Best game I've found since angrybirds. Like the mental factors. Great
I love it and so do my kids. The only problem is, who gets the tablet to play this game:-)?
A fantastic addictive game
Wont download on galaxy s. And can't get refund
Addicted
Well worth the purchase.Nothing but fun!
Challenging witb cool interactive animation!
Dirt is really sensitive
I love this game....and so does my son ;-)
sooo addicting
Kids love it and has some great puzzles
This is totally pure epicness.
This is totally pure epicness.
Im in love!
This is now my favorite mobile game. Thanks, Disney!
This is now my favorite mobile game. Thanks, Disney!
Game
Game
Yes,, I usually don't buy games,, but after playing it for few months I'm addicted to it,, had to give compliments by buying it,, thanks,, but introduce some more games like this,,
can't...put...phone....down.
Ένα από τα καλύτερα παιχνίδια που υπάρχουν.. σε ξεκουράζει με τα ωραία του γραφικά!!
Thrill
addicting
Great!
I love this game just wish there were more levels already
Please change the name from wheres my water to wheres my update.
Great game! Its very addicting
Great game overall, always aa good backup if you're bored. One annoying feature though, the game doesn't stop the screen from turning off.
I can not get enough of this game. I can not wait for new levels to be added. Never fails at being entertaining.
This game us a great fun for kids and adults
This game us a great fun for kids and adults
Very fun game but.needs an update with new levels
I love it
Awesome game to keep you entertained
A fun game to play
Really addicting!
You owe it to yourself to just play this game.just do it.
Got to play err day
This game keeps my kiddos and myself entertained!
.
Good game, worth getting!
Awesome fun. So simple, yet so enjoyable
Love it. But paid for the addon story and it wont download. Would be 5 stars if it didn't rip me off
Love it. But paid for the addon story and it wont download. Would be 5 stars if it didn't rip me off
Fun to play
This is such I fun game I play it every DAY!
Both my son and I are having a good time with it.
Probably the best puzzle game I have ever purchased, other games of other categories rank better than this one. This is still pretty awesome..one app of the few to get full 5* from me. Keep the levels coming and I will be happy
awesome!
Excellent game. More levels please.
Great
It is worth the sex
the best game !!
My toilet breaks have doubled since buying this game.
More more more please!
THE BEST GAME OUT.
Awesome.... Just love the game nd swampy who make vry funny faces to entertain us......
Love this game
Awesome puzzle!!!! Love it!!!
Great game fun for all ages could proove challenging for younger people as you get futher. But it keeps you thinking lots of fun
Great game!!
Really fun game :D
Wonderful game
Love it but I cant update it
My nephew is learning so much about the properties of liquids and solids, and giggling along the way.
This game is the best!!!!!!
Awesome game
This is a very smooth game for runnung on my galaxy tablet. I Bought Full Version And Its Never Boring
Very addicting nice
Only problem is i wish there was more to play. All ready beat it.
Great game very challenging
Great game very challenging
Love it
Brilliant i can't stop playing this
I love it! Really enjoy it!
Me and my 9-year-old both!
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
This is a fun puzzle game. Check it out.
First game I bought on a smart phone and still love it
Difficult to stop, just one more level, and when you crank your neck, looking at the clock, you realized time has passed. Great graphics, and sounds. Really love it.
Most fun game I've downloaded
Great game
Awesome.. love it
A very nice puzzle game that i always play whn I'm free
A very nice puzzle game that i always play whn I'm free
My game for free time
Love this game. works like it says.
Goodapp
Be aware its fatally addictive
Fun
Fun
I love this game. The animation is great and the levels are addictive.
This game is superb. Has great depth and quality. Requires some fast thinking and intelligence as well. Absolutely love it! Great job to all involved!!!
Can't wait for new levels 61912
My son really love playing this game
Worth the purchase to upgrade to the full version. Awesome awesome game
I love thinking games and this is the best one I've played for awhile!
I love love love this game. Its addictive and wonderful in every way!
This game is excellent its cool it works your brain out and everything
Awesome game!! I've played all the levels a few times now. Ready for some new ones!! :)
One of the top 3 paid games.  World of goo, where's my water and cut the rope
Awesome!!
Great game... New levels awesome..
Gets a little confusing after awhile but its very addicting!
You will have just as much fun as your little ones ;)
Challenges your mind more than your eyes and screen resolution.  Love the variety and depth of play.  Great balance between challenge and fun.
really fun, addicting game and it has so many levels!
Its terrible! I hate this game! I never winat this! I wanna talk to the creator of this game. And then i'll sue him or her!
Great game
It wont let me download the game
I want my money back!
I love the game, but I am so ready for more levels!
מאוד מאוד הווה אני מצטער שלא יהיה אלכוהול
Very addictive game. Had to put on every pc we have.
Aren´t you playing already? REALLY?!!!
So fun and challenging. Love this game.
I love  it
So cool, very addictive puzzle game. A must if you want to pass time creatively!
Cant stay off it! Bring on the new levels!!
Excellent & addictive!
I love every part of this game. Im done with all the puzzles except cranky's. Heard people bought it but cant play it. Is it fixed now?
Fell in love with the free version then had to buy the full one. Got my friends addicted too! Swampy is a cute character!
Apparently ever better than cut the rope caution very addictive
brain teasers!
Clearly my favourite puzzle game on android so far. Complete, versatile, challenging, frequently updated. A must
This one is my favorite game!
Good game, very addictive
Kudos!!!!!!!
Great game u should Get it
My 5yo son and his dad take turns playing this, I have to wait for them to sleep before I get my chance.
sometimes its too hard but im loving it..
Wow, this actually focuses your brain to complete the levels and adding a challenge: ducks.
I love this crazy game!
This is a great and fun little game... I cam spend hours of boring down tome at work playing this!
Love it Disney needs more game Apps
I play it every day....love it.
Worth every cent. Always provides a bit of fun when I need it.
Great game, can't wait for more levels.
Fun fun fun
Awesome and addictive
Love it. Have to play it with no sound otherwise the whole family swoops in and tries to interrupt me with advice, etc. This is my fun time!
A great game
Excellent puzzle game. Worth every cent. Can't wait for the next update for more puzzles
Excellent puzzle game. Worth every cent. Can't wait for the next update for more puzzles
Great little game and a great time waster. Worth every penny.
Could have a few more hard levels... But it's really fun.
It is well worth a dollor it keeps me interested
Always innovative, good update schedule.
Awesome
This app is addicting! If you dont have some free time dont download it.  Addicting!
Like no other games this game is the best. Better than angry brids
Like no other games this game is the best. Better than angry brids
This game is fun and entertaining! It also makes u think! My boyfriend even gets into it and we play together.
This game is fun and entertaining! It also makes u think! My boyfriend even gets into it and we play together.
This game is fun and entertaining! It also makes u think! My boyfriend even gets into it and we play together.
One of the best game on the market. Can't wait for more new levels
One of the best game on the market. Can't wait for more new levels
Love it
A must
Very fun game with a good variety of puzzles
Brilliant game :D
A great game with challenging puzzles!
I loved this game. Can't wait for more chapters
Excellent Game. Worth download.
Wow, like it more than I thought
Can't get enough!
When's the last time a game put a huge smile on your face? When you pay 99 cents and see the plethora of levels you get, expect that huge smile. What's more, the creativity and imagination used to make the next level more inspired and brilliant than the last makes this game hard to put down. Classic.
Great game
Simple and addictive :)
Not getting bored at all. Worth every penny!
i love it its simple and really addicting
Just wish it would have lasted me longer then a week. Some new levels would be nice
Ini baru aplikasi..bisa buat kita memaikan logika. Anak gua yang umur 4 taon udah bisa sampe level atas. Great apps.... Tambah lagi dong level nya
Easy amd addicting
Best app!
Buy the game, it has fun and challenging levels.
Very fun game!
Good game
I like a lot it vary entertaining
EVERY TIME AN UPDATE COMES OUT I FEEL LIKE ONE OF THOSE DOGS THAT RUN AROUND AND PEE ALL OVER THEMSELVES!!!!
Great game, played the free version and had to buy it. Already addicted!
Great game, challenging and fun!
Love it
So addictive! I love this game, wish there were more like this.
Peein on it baby!
First game I've bought for my android phone and probably the only one I'll need for a while. Huge set of levels and amazingly addictive gameplay. The physics are next to none and add an amazing level of gameplay that is unparalleled! Definitely worth the money!!!
Great game good puzzle play. Needs more levels, vary hard to put down.
Enjoined playing both me and my daughter
very addictive
This game is so addicting
Awesome game makes you use your brain to solve the water problem.
My 5 year old son loves it I dont normally pay for games but i did for this one, good for all ages.
My 5 year old son loves it I dont normally pay for games but i did for this one, good for all ages.
Best game to be played on mobile.
Its good , but everytime I try to install it , it says insufficent space. I have also cleaned my phone from extra applications
Best game ever
This game is extremely fun.
:-)
Five stars all the way
An addictive puzzle game at a fantastic price. So much fun for less than a dollar!!!!!!!!!!!
Thumbs up frm muskan.
Very addictive and fun. Great cartoon graphics and flawless performance on HTC One X.
Great game
Ну очень добрая и славная игрушка. Подходит всем, независимо от пола и возраста!
I love the levels. Has worked great on my phone.
Perfect in every senses and really entertaining!
Fun game to kill time.
Amazingggg
Love it. Very fun and challenging
Fun
Fun
Very cute and addictive!!!
Awesome
Awesome
really love it...
Awesome
My granddaughter got me addicted to this game. Downloaded free version first but had to purchase it before I reached chapter 3. This is a really great game!!!!!
I love swampy...if Disney has any sense they will integrate this character into Disneyland or California Adventure (I know, I know, he's a gator) and win a whole new generation of fans intro'd through this game. Great graphics and character vignettes. Yowza!
Stop fun simple and addictive. Get it for full price if your dumb thought to miss the sale
I love this game i can not take my eyes off it
Very cute game that is fun and challenging for young and old! Running on XOOM and EVO 4G with no problems.
Love this game!
Love this game!
Blows angry birds outta the water insanely addicting
Very good and engaging game.
Very good and engaging game.
I downloaded the free version for my little sisters but then I played it and was addicted! Then I asked to download the full version and it's downloading right now. I'm so excited!
Great addictive game, just what a mobile game should be.
Great addictive game, just what a mobile game should be.
Great addictive game, just what a mobile game should be.
Good little game very addictive.
Good stuff. Make it more difficult...
So cheap yet so good. That all there needs to be said about this game
Great game! Loved every level.
Cheap considering the amount of fun!
Love this game!
Great game
I have looked at a few of the comments and same here I purchased cranky's story and it stuck on processing fix ASAP
Great game. I love it.
Best game on google play
Lots of fun.  Thanks.
Good "clean" fun
Good "clean" fun
Please keep the screen awake while the game is in the foreground (override screen timeout setting). For now screen times out while I'm thinking of my next move.
This is very addictive game. Simple to play and plenty to keep you going. Sadly I've paid for Cranky's story and it won't install saying it's processing. Very annoying. please fix!!!!
Awesome
Super fun and addicting!!!
Super fun and addicting!!!
Interesting game to past time.
My kids love this!
Long shelf life
Same here its stuck on processing for crankys story.... I don't want to uninstall and reinstall... Lose all my completed levels.... Any ideas for a fix please....
Same here its stuck on processing for crankys story.... I don't want to uninstall and reinstall... Lose all my completed levels.... Any ideas for a fix please....
Good creation,,,
Amazing game, some puzzles are tough! Great amount of levels and very well designed. Strongly recommend
I LoveThis Game!!!!
Really addicting, can't put off my hands from by phone...played continuously for 4 hours, till battery drained off...really loved cute swampy
Really addicting, can't put off my hands from by phone...played continuously for 4 hours, till battery drained off...really loved cute swampy
Hay! Uno de los juegos mas adictivos q he jugado, buen trabajo. Es un dolar bien gastado para aquellos que quieren poner a prueba o entrenar a su cerebro. :-) Cuando me salgo del juego siempre queda abierto aun si salgo dandole en exit game y debo cerrarlo desde el administrador. Samsung Galaxy S2 solo para aportar...
Beware frustrates the hell out of you....
Addictive game
Amazing cartoon graphics, challenging and 180 puzzles! Amazing value... But if i were you I would get the free version first.I would give it four and a half stars but i cant so five it is the only problem is that it dosent get alot of new levles and any updates that come are not often.
Awesome game
Addictive and fun
Awesme game
Just awesome!
Supergood - you should play it too
loads of levels, bonus levels and specific missions to work on
Sony tablet and samsung galaxy note. Have game on both devices and works great. Love this game, please add more levels. Recommend this for any age. Must have been an update as crankys story working fine now.
Sällan ser man riktigt bra spel, detta är definitivt vad man kan kalla "mästerverk".  Passar från åldrarna 4 till 104.  Kluriga pussel och finurlig humor gör detta till ett "Must Have".
Love this game so much
Love this game so much
Couldn't put it down adictive
Couldn't put it down adictive
Couldn't put it down adictive
I love this game. I can play it for hours on end and not grow tired of it!
I love this game. I can play it for hours on end and not grow tired of it!
Fun
Love it and so do my kids
I purchased Cranky's Story this evening & it is STILL in the processing phase of the purchase I guess, as I am not able to play it.  I love the Where's My Water? application (as does my 5 yr old son) and we have completed all of the levels thus far.  So I purchased Cranky's Story so we have some new levels to play.  PLEASE get your stuff together on this application!!!  It's becoming quite frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I gave three stars because of the difficulty with Cranky's Story.  If it would work (in a timely manner) I would rate the full 5 stars.
I purchased Cranky's Story this evening & it is STILL in the processing phase of the purchase I guess, as I am not able to play it.  I love the Where's My Water? application (as does my 5 yr old son) and we have completed all of the levels thus far.  So I purchased Cranky's Story so we have some new levels to play.  PLEASE get your stuff together on this application!!!  It's becoming quite frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I gave three stars because of the difficulty with Cranky's Story.  If it would work (in a timely manner) I would rate the full 5 stars.
I love this game so addicting but hate the fact that it force closes right when im opening the game or stops in the middle ugh fix please!!!!!:)
Also highly addictive
Love it.
Greatest game ever #Seanna Out
I love this game its so much fun and addicting, but all of a sudden its force closing i dont know what happened i wish it went back to normal so i can play "/ PLEASE FIX!!!
I love this game so much I wish there was extrem levels
Love this game! Give it up to Disney to come out with something my kids and I love to play.
Love my water
Great game. I am super addicted. Can't wait for more levels!
This game is awesome and very addictive. I cannot wait for more levels.
So much fun I can't put it down.
GD game but need more levels
Only app worth buying!
Best game ever
This game is VERY addictive!
Excellent game to play
Addicting even for adults
Absolutely love this game, superb. Only problem is that I've bought cranky's story, however it won't let me play, just gets stuck on "processing". Please fix :(
Awesome game
So much fun!
This game is extremely addictive.
This game is extremely addictive.
Kids and myself love this game!!!
Kids and myself love this game!!!
Love this game but I really wanna play Crankys story but its stuck in processing like everyone else. Please fix!
Love this game but I really wanna play Crankys story but its stuck in processing like everyone else. Please fix!
Great game need more levels
love it :)
Best dollar I ever spent!
Tons of fun.
My current addiction. But I need new levels! I already completed them all.
Love this game and 3 ducked them all but can't get crankys story to work :(
I could be a plumber now you guyz
I play this all the time to pass the time. Best game I've downloaded; great for repeated play.
It's the game the whole family love to play.. But why can't I buy Cranky's Story?  It's always processing....and if I tried it another time, it said that I've already purchased this item or the purchase is still pending.....weeks of pending..... :(
It's the game the whole family love to play.. But why can't I buy Cranky's Story?  It's always processing....and if I tried it another time, it said that I've already purchased this item or the purchase is still pending.....weeks of pending..... :(
A++++++++++++++++++++!
Wow! Now dats wat i call *Da Best TP* worth paying for...
Having a blast going through the levels!
Great fun!
Love it.
Very addictive, i have sleepless nights with this game lol
Awesome challenging game!
Really enjoying the game. New levels are good, worth buying :)
Very nice and addictive game and worth the money.
Excellent
I love it
One of the best games I've played on a smartphone.
Way too addicting
Probably my all time favorite mobile game. Tons of fun and lots of levels. Need more levels soon!! Only complaint is once you buy full version you have to buy other "worlds" to access more levels but pretty sure you get 200 for only .99 cents, so not a bad deal. Please keep levels coming and put other great games like this out
But why I have to restart my progress after I update my firmware?
A must have for any smartphone owner!
This game is awesome!!
Don't read any more reviews, just buy it and start playing!
I think it's greatest puzzle game than other game!
very addictive, my fave game on adroid
Absolutely love this game. Pure addiction! Love Cranky's Story too! Awesome!
Absolutely love this game. Pure addiction! Love Cranky's Story too! Awesome!
Absolutely love this game. Pure addiction! Love Cranky's Story too! Awesome!
Love this app!
Awesome game.....
Love it
Love the game
Awsome game
My 7 year old loves this game and so do I. It's a great IQ builder.
Best puzzle app on the market , could do without the 3 dots menu bar though
Can't stop playing it
Way better than any angry birds.So many levels
Great app.....great game interesting and fun ...its also highly addictive
Very Good
Crankys story forced me to uninstall the app and then reinstall. I lost all of my saved game data and I had beaten everything, except crankys world. Now I'm cranky.
Want to buy and PLAY crankys story but game is messed up please Help
Want to buy and PLAY crankys story but game is messed up please Help
Very very fun
Man do I love this game its so great to play and very addictive
I'm so obsessed with this game! I regret not playing it sooner. It really keeps you occupied. I can play it for hours. I just purchased some more levels and they are awesome. Oh and it doesn't crash on my phone or freeze. Love it!!!,
What more can i say. .. Its a big fat five from me!
Great game I have to lock my tablet to keep them off. Love it.
I originally bought this game for my toddler but i am addicted to it now!!!!!
This game is very addicting!
Great game
Great game
What s sexy app im in love with it
Great game
It's fun while being a great puzzle game!
Unlike a lot of puzzles, this app doesn't make you buy skips or anything. Just the one time purchase. I like that. Plus I thought it would just be a kids game since its made by Disney. Well its not. Yeah it looks childish. But its still fun.
Unlike a lot of puzzles, this app doesn't make you buy skips or anything. Just the one time purchase. I like that. Plus I thought it would just be a kids game since its made by Disney. Well its not. Yeah it looks childish. But its still fun.
You can kill hours with this game, but i can't pass some lvls on the third stage.
fun. runs well. like the new levels.
Truly enjoyable.
Definitely one of the better games. Go ahead and buy the full version, you won't be able to put it down!
My kids love this game its so much even my 3 year old can play it with ease.
Challenging and fun
Best game ive played so far, hours of fun!
Laying in bed, downloaded and now really can't sleep, very addictive!
Laying in bed, downloaded and now really can't sleep, very addictive!
love the game really good..
Add more levels please!
Add more levels please!
Super!
Great app! Very addictive and really gets your brain working !
Great app! Very addictive and really gets your brain working !
This Game Addicted
So addicting!
Great way to pass the time.
I love this game and so does my 6 yr old son
Fantastic game, great water animation, good music and production values. Add to that achievements, hidden levels, challenges and collectibles! A must buy.
I've triducked every level, and started over to get an even higher time bonus.  With every penny!
Love this!!
Love this game. I play it.with my 7 year old daughter. Even got.some friends to start playing it. So much fun.
So addictive, frustratingly challenging in a good way! Update soon pls Dev! Worth every penny.
Good time waster
Well worth the money loads of different levels well done Disney
I normally don't buy games for my Galaxy s2 but this was well worth the $$$. Graphics are crisp and smooth and the gameplay is addictive and fun.
I normally don't buy games for my Galaxy s2 but this was well worth the $$$. Graphics are crisp and smooth and the gameplay is addictive and fun.
Awesome game
Brilliant fun for all the family to play
this is the best game
I played this game once to distract my young nephew and now I'm addicted.
It's a cute puzzle. Kept my 4 year old entertained.
Awesome. That is all
Awesome!
So much fun
My kids love this game wish all the new addons were free though
I really love this game it ia very addicting worth every penny
Very fun game... And very addicting....
Highly addictive game, great fun.
Highly addictive game, great fun.
Love this game
Super fun game and addicting!
Dis game sooooooooooo ccccccccooooooolllllllllll
Expected a children's game from Disney, got a great puzzler instead
I Love this game and it works great on galaxy s2. Looking forward for new levels :)
I Love this game and it works great on galaxy s2. Looking forward for new levels :)
Simply the best puzzler game on android
I love this game it makes you think. It'd addictive.
Totally worth the small price for so many levels!
Supper game
A fun game with big style and great physics.
A fun game with big style and great physics.
Smartly designed puzzle game. Perfect touch controls and the scoring system is well thought out. One of the best games on Android. Brilliant.
Looking forward to next update! Wish you guys would reconsider doing more cranky levels. Either that or create another character...
This game is an excellent time killer at work and in my travel from work to home.  I bought Cranky's story but can't seem to play it gets stuck at processing :(
Easy yet challenging.
This game is really addicting! There are a lot of levels so it keeps you pretty occupied.
I love this game i hope they come out with more puzzle stages.
It's a fun, and addictive game. A great time passer for all ages.
It's a fun, and addictive game. A great time passer for all ages.
Love it!!!!!!
This app is so cool and fun, i and my sis in law love this app
Lotsa fun!
Some levels are actually stumping me. Great fun! Right up there with both cut the ropes.
I love this game done all the levels got all the ducks, I bought crankys story and it wont download just stuck on processing which is a blag please sort this out
Love it. It's not a kiddies game I tell u !! Cos some levels, tho not impossible, are challenging.
This game rocks
Amazing.. Nuff said
I love this game. Three ducked all levels so I reset entire game and am starting again!!! Keeps me awake at night when i should be sleeping :-)
I love this game. Three ducked all levels so I reset entire game and am starting again!!! Keeps me awake at night when i should be sleeping :-)
Purchased the game as the free levels were good fun, but it won't let me install, due to "insufficient memory", although I have more than enough available space. Have e-mailed the company who have so far done nothing.
Good for killing time.
Great game
Lots of fun
Really good fun and very addictive
Great game, would give five stars however every time I get a text message the game automatically refreshes itself and then pauses. I don't lose my place but it is terribly annoying. DROID RAZR
This game is awesome. There's tons of levels and all sorts of challenges. You wont be sorry for purchasing this game.
Very entertain game, but for kid? Too difficult i think.
Best game while waiting for Cut The Rope update!!
Fantastic flew through everything but i paid for crankys story weeks ago and still have not been able to play the levels please fix
so it must be good!
Best game ive played yet! Only fault I can fond is that I paid for crankys story WEEKS ago and still cant play it, it gets stuck on the proccessing page :/
Game is so fun & addictive. Had to buy full version for $.99 because I just had to beat the next levels. My girls love to play too.
Game is so fun & addictive. Had to buy full version for $.99 because I just had to beat the next levels. My girls love to play too.
Very fun game love to play it always waiting for new levels endless fun
I don't usually like games but this is amazing really because you also have to think about it but not too much ;) and the graphic is really nice! very good job
Its very fun and so addicive... my dad bought it after we where enchanted by its free demo version so nice and I like it
Great game !!! Lots of level. Looking forward for some new levels
Addicting and fun. Totally worth the $0.99. Plenty of challenging levels.
This Game is awesome
This Game is awesome
This Game is awesome
FUN FUN FUN
I have bet the game several times and I still find myself going back and trying to be my old scores. LOVE IT!!!!!!!
Thought there was nothing else as addictive as angry birds. This game is. Very nicely done, all levels are interesting...
Awesome and funny
It is sooo addictive and fun defiantly 100% worth paying for!
Probably the best game I have Ever played on a phone. Truly addicting.
Addicting
One of the best puzzle physics games I've played. Worth the money.
So exciting..n quite challenging ur mind..luv this game..made me addicted
Great game to kill time n lets u think.
Easy to play, fun, and challenging. Must have for the collection.
I've had this game for awhile now, and when I finish all the levels I just reset it and start over again and again. The puzzles are great!
Such an addictive game worth every cent.
But it loads slow on branded T-Mobile branded one s I was able to play smoothly after I debrended my phone.
Love it. Can't put it down.
Cool game love. Playing it.
I love it and I love how challenging it can get! Thank u!
Great game....
Great time passer
It's a real pain to have to reinstall and lose all progress after buying Cranky's story. That is all offset by how crazy fun the game is, though
Great addicting game!!!
soo much fun!
Great app
Best game ever so addictive / annoying but I love it
I bought cranky story and I'm stuck on processing it won't let me play the game
Perfect amazing i love it 5*
Easily the best game I have on my tablet!
This game is epic give it try if you have not played it
Love this game!
Simplistic fun. Never gone wrong. Love it. Sony Ericsson xperia arc s
Is awesome
Is awesome
Need the thevels all to be free or that would be a rip off
MOST WONDERFUL APP OUT FOR TIME CONSUMPTION!!!
MOST WONDERFUL APP OUT FOR TIME CONSUMPTION!!!
Amazing game worth every penny
Sooo adicting thanks for all the fun.
Sooo adicting thanks for all the fun.
Good
Really good game to play to past time. Enjoy this game a lot.
Nice game
Love this game!!!!
Love this game!!!!
Great game. Very entertaining.
Lot of fun!!
Lot of fun!!
All you could want in a phone game. It's
Fun!!
Love it! :-)
It iz a great game
Love the game. Challenging at times, yet the kids can do it too. Also paid for Cranky's story, but I am stuck on processing, please fix.
oh my gurnis this is the burst game iv evurd played in my lifes
This game is addictive & helps you to keep your mind sharp!!!
Keeps u busy for hours
I have this on 2 devices, and it is by far the best game I've ever played... it's complex and challengng, very well thought out levels. Worth every single cent!
One of the best games I've paid for and really cheap who doesn't have 99 cents to get hours of play time on a great game. I'd give this.game 100 stars if i could :)
Fun and addictive!
First day i play..and im addicted now :-)
Nough said.
After the last few delinquent updates i have decided this app not worthy of 5 stars. The last handful of updates were extremely behind the ios releases after falsely advertising as already available for droid. Great game. Bad product delivery for pay in advance.
Dope game I had to buy it, It's worth a dollar.. So buy it if you will. -Stevie
BETTER THAN ANGRY BIRDS!! Ingenious levels! Great variations! Playing through second time and it is like I never played!
It grows on you. Really cool!
This game us so much fun... I would recommend it for anyone especially young kids!!!;)
Fun. Fun for everyone!   Even goats.
Love this game, good thinking game, my son loves it! Ten plus starz
One of the best games apps out there
Can't play offline. Which is horrible..... make avail offline and it would get 5 stars
Great fun very addictive  ;-)
:)))))
Best game ever
Disney u rock!!!
One of the best games around. For the price nothing comes close..
Don't let the Disney name throw you. this is a great,challenging game, even for people who don't like games phone games. 5 stars
Love it and cant put this down lol!
Best game ever on mobile!!!
This game is soooo addictive!
The demo got me hooked so I bought the complete and it's just so much fun.
This is great application! Many hours of enjoyable fun. Had to download the full version right away.
This game is cool
This game is so much fun! The puzzles are great-I can't wait for the new levels coming out. Definitely worth the money to purchase. By the time I went through the free levels, there was no doubt I'd buy it.
Great game!! Addicting!
بجد ادماااااااان!!!!
Fun
Worth it!
Worth it!
Really addictive well worth the money more levels please
I got this for my son, now he has to fight me to get to play it.
If WiFi isn't on and connected to some WiFi point, the game will error out immediately upon opening it.
Excellent game. Highly recommended. First game I've ever reviewed and it's so good I felt the need to congratulate the creators. A job very well done
This game is seriously the best, most fun puzzle game I've played in a while! I would recommend this game to everyone!!
Nice
it
I LOVE THIS GAME !_!
Can't stop playing, love this game.
Fun for all ages, you'll be amazed at watching your kids figure these puzzles out
Fun for all ages, you'll be amazed at watching your kids figure these puzzles out
I like it
I like it
Lovely Game....need more levels pleaseeeeee
very addictive!!
excellent puzzle solving game from disney
Really enjoy it and love how they keep adding new levels
Great game for my three year old
I love it i baught it and love it even more with all the levels
Love this game just wanna play it all the time
Addicting!!!!
Wonderful game
Great game, I'm almost finished with the classic levels so please fix Cranky's story, it gets stuck at processing. Other then that game is awesome. Keep up the good job.
Works awesome and very addicting!
This is one of the best puzzle game. The only problem worth this game is being to addictive. Worth every penny.
Very fun mucho
I love the game but still can't play crank's stories
Love this game
Very high quality game. Tons of levels and the game play is flawless. I have played allot of Android games and this one is a step above the rest.
I also had the problem when I purchased the Cranky extra. I uninstalled and then reinstalled the whole program and now everything works. Good game. I really like it.
Couldn't ask for more
Wheres my water is a fun game but can get boring sometimes
Wheres my water is a fun game but can get boring sometimes
Super fun, you won't stop playing until you beat it.
Awesome. Great puzzles!
I love this game
I am not that much into computer games, my daughter wanted this & being the responsible parent, i had to play it to give my approval. I really enjoy it & so do my daughters.
So nice!
Having alot of fun on this one
Having alot of fun on this one
Gets stuck on processing after purchase. Great gs otherwise! But I'd like the extra levels I've paid out for :-)
Gets stuck on processing after purchase. Great gs otherwise! But I'd like the extra levels I've paid out for :-)
Love this game
Don't know who loves it more, me or my children!
Awesomeness times infinity! Rawwwwwwwrrrrrrrrrrr!!
It's fun, intellectual, smooth n for all ages... Loved it.
Great game very long
Best game available. Highly recommended!
Great game
Title says it all
Title says it all
love this game
This game is so much fun and very addicting. I can't put it down! I pull it out every chance I get. Need more levels though almost dine with the whole thing!
Amazing game.
I've never seen a reptile so happy to take a bath.  Lol  The whole family loves it.
So different than any other game. Totally awesome and sooooo addicting some times its hard to put down. But it is plenty challenging. Always keeps you guessing.
So different than any other game. Totally awesome and sooooo addicting some times its hard to put down. But it is plenty challenging. Always keeps you guessing.
Awesome
Awesome
Love this game!
Disney Needs to fix this game. It won't download on my phone after it uninstalled itself and it has refused to update. This has been going on for months, and it's not my phone the same thing has happened to several friends. FIX IT!
seriously my favorite game
Great
Eh
Looks easy though requires lots of grey cells to tri duck all levels.. awaiting new levels..do launch soon..!!!
Very addictive little game.
Awesome game.works nicely on my galaxy nexus.Cheers from Sri Lanka.Keep games like this coming so Android won't loose to stupid iPhone.
Works perfectly
Fantastic app. Did have to play where's my water through twice when I bought crankys story and it kept crashing but it was well worth the money. Now i need more levels ..... !
fantastic !!! it is fun !!! you can't get board of it  It is appsolitly worth the money .
Awesome game! Super fun
One of those games that you can just sit and play for hours! Amazing fun!
love it!
This game is really nice.......much more worth than 0.99......try it, you will know!
Great game
I love it. It makes me think and feel like a child again.. I recommend it 100%!!
I guess....
Most Fun To Play !!!!!!!
Very addictive... had thr free version.. just got the paid version... n i nvr buy apps!!!!
Very addictive... had thr free version.. just got the paid version... n i nvr buy apps!!!!
hahaha
Thought this game was going to be a cheap knock off. My daughter showed me the game online and i was pleasantly wrong. Fun game and worth every penny.
Bought Cranky's story for my Galaxy S 4G and when I try to load it on my tablet, it gets stuck on "processing". Do I only get it on one device?? Please fix!!!
I love this game to pass the time!
I just wish it would gat new levels faster. Also, I paid for CRANKY,s story and it will not download.
Love it!!!!!!
I like it alot
Love it
This is awesome. Very awesome
Good time waster, plus my daughter loves it
Awesome game 5 stars!
This game is awesome! So addicting! I love it!
Brilliant game!!!!
Buy it its well worth the cost of admition
Sadly won't stop processing. Worried about upgrading
Fantastic game, kids love it, I love it.
Fantastic game, kids love it, I love it.
Great game! Its really fun and not too hard but i dont know if i should get crankys story because everyone else says it doesent work :'(
Love it. Suprr funn
Enjoy this game so much..
This is the best game ever,I need more levels coz I can't quit playing!
It is a fun game and eve I though it is about water it is very fun to play
It is a fun game and eve I though it is about water it is very fun to play
adult & kid friendly fun fun fun
Additive and fun.
love it !!
Awesome!!!
I'm not a big "gamer", but I love this sort of puzzle game.  Challenging and rewarding.  5 stars.
Very fun game , beyond expectation
My kids love it... All around great game....
Enough said...
This has been a fun and wonderful app.
AWESOME!!!!
Love it
Love this game. Very addictive. Keep the levels coming.
Brilliant game to play. Only problem is when my screen get to hot it will freezes. That just shows how addictive it is. Need more levels please.
Love
best game ever!! i love the alligatork
My 3yr old luvs this game
:)
Very fun and addicting
Relaxes mind
Very fun and challenging:-)
This is one of the most well designed games I've played, on ANY platform. Kudos to the developers for making a very addictive, very fun, and very replayable game!
I love this game and it is perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't get enough of it! Please add more levels!
Can't get enough of it! Please add more levels!
Very Entertaining! =)
I downloaded this for my son and I can't stop :)
Absolutely love it!
Best mobile game ever. No contest. Leaves Angry Bird in the dust.
Kids love it
Kids love it
I have never bought an app before this game and the free version compelled me to do so. However I paid for crankys story and it just gets stuck on the processing screen please fix
Fun.... FUN!
Love It
That is all
Love this game. Despite some misgivings that it appears to be a kids game, the puzzles are excellent, very well thought out and the fluid animations are superb.
What a fantastic app, some really tricky levels that keep you entertained for ages. Hours of fun, but keep an eye on your battery....... ;-)
At first i was worried that the game would offer little challenge, but the levels are well crafted to offer challenge without being frustrating.
Great fun :)
Fun and challenging. First app I have actually paid for and worth every penny.
Fun and challenging. First app I have actually paid for and worth every penny.
Love this game.
It is a very nice and a great game... It only needs lots of new levels...
Great game, but it is probably not a game for young kids (it can very difficult).
This is an awesome game but it needs more levels and please fix cranks story it won't let me download it.
Very addictive can't put this game down
Awsome!
Awsome!
I think this is one of the greatest apps ever_Dominic:)
Best game ever
Awesome this game is addictive !!!
Very addictive! No further comment needed!
Great game
Cant wait for more levels
Cool game!!!
Great game
A game that u cannot miss!
Pretty fun!
I would necessary pay for a games but this one is great..
Awesome game love it!
Addictive!
It is awesome its the best
Omg. I'm pissed I never downloaded this earlier! Amazing game, awesome physics, great puzzles. Download . NOW!
Love it!
I love swampy.
Great, addicting game. But the Cranky episode, don't you think it's a little bit too expensive?
This is the first purchased game from android, love it. Great ideas, creative.
Best, addictive game found so far!
I love this game! It kind of sucks how they added the whole, "Cranky's Story" thing though, I wish it was just an update to the original. Oh, well, besides that it's soooo fun, I could play this game for hours!
I've had this game for 10 days, now... I finally beat all the levels I got for my 99 cents.  Totally worth it.  EVO 1st gen.
a good way for kids to learn & play at the same time (plus the fact that i really enjoy this too :-D)....hoping for more games like this.
This game is so addicting
The simple mechanics are used to great effect in developing complex and varied puzzles. This game is lots of fun!
Great job Disney. Fun, time killing game for all ages. Need more levels!
我一般唔会比钱买game但哩个我觉得抵咯。我5中意愤怒的小鸟系列游戏
Love it. Completely addictive. Works well on HTC One S.
Don't think twice and buy it
Addictive . Love it !
Enjoy playing
♥♥♥♡♡♡♥♥♥♡♡♡♥♥♥♡♡♡
Altamente viciante, podem comprar sem medo de ser feliz.
Entertaining and fills gaps of boredom nicely x
This is one of the only apps I have ever paid for, I love that there are frequent updates of levels.
This game is fantastic. My personal favorite out of the games I've got. Only criticism is it is some times too hard. An excellent feat and hasn't created since I got it.
Where's my water is great
Great game!!!
It runs on background even when I force close it. Why why?
I bought this game previously and fully completed the game and the dlc, but after upgrading sd card it says "device not compatible". WMW free does work though.
I love this game! Great easy to pass some time.
Absolutely amazing well designed and excellently executed!
Absolutely amazing well designed and excellently executed!
It keeps shutting down tablet...
And it makes you think outside the box!
Totally addictive !
Makes the train rides quicker!
Love!
I cnt stp playing. Very very fun and addicting
Nice game
Great game
Love this game, my children and I are hooked! Will you please add more levels?? Thank you!
Love this game!!!!!! So addicting!
I let my 2 year old son play, he pops the balloons.
Works on my xoom and defy, keep updating.
Fun game
U r awsome
Awesome game the best game ever
Works perfectly on my s3
Fun and challenging.
Best game ever. Love it
Best game ever. Love it
Spel werk perfect, zelfs op een zenith tab van 10inch
HTC desire s, please fix.
Awesome game but paid for crankys story and gets stuck or something downloading hope you fix  it soon.
Awesome game but paid for crankys story and gets stuck or something downloading hope you fix  it soon.
I have not stop playing since I downloaded it
Love it
What a fantastic puzzle game. So much better than angry birds. Can't fault it! Please do a sequel!
Addicting! !!
Totally worth a dollar. Lots of fun and challenging too!! Cant wait for more levels....
Intresting puzzles and worth the money
Great game, finally reinstalled to sd card. Originally gave a 2 when it couldn't be stored on the sd card... Fun!
Love this game! It keeps my attention when I am stuck in boring meetings and when I don't have patients in my office! Lol! However, my 4yr old daughter loves this game as well she plays it while we are in church... DROID X
Very fun. Worth paying a dollar for so many new levels.
This game is incredibly addicting... and I'm 23 years old. Might be a Disney-made, kid-looking game but it's fun! Way better than Angry Birds, IMO.
Similar to 'Cut The Rope' in ingenuity yet boasts even higher quality and more fun factor. A MUST own!
Very fun game, loads of levels
Bought the game for my kids, and I can't get enough.
I cant stop playing
Love this game! Completely addicted. Please add more levels!!!!
I love it!!! When first got the free version (not the full version) it was super slow. When I got the full version, it was faster. I hope they make more levels soon!
I love it!!! When first got the free version (not the full version) it was super slow. When I got the full version, it was faster. I hope they make more levels soon!
Amazing! The most fun I have had on my phone!!  Keeps getting better and better.  Cranky Story will make you think.  FUN
Alex
Awesome
Cool adictive game! Bought Cranky story but it is stuck processing and can't play it.: (
Love it. Need more levels. Harder ones....
Fun!
Wonderful game!! I love it, can't stop playing it.
Good fun
Game is great but bought also crankys story, this however got stuck in a screen showing "processing".  Can this please get fixed
As per title.
Brilliant game, so many levels and so different and challenging. Passes the time!
Great puzzle game. Don't be like my girlfriend and not get all the ducks though...at least try to get all the ducks! It is what makes this game so challenging and fun :)
So fun! It's better than Angry Birds!
Great fun for my kids
Great time KILLER
Great time KILLER
I love this game ; It's really addicting [:
Amazing puzzle app I recommend!!!
Pretty cool!
Good game logics and great graphics & animations!
Works great. Fun
Very good time waister, and you can quit anytime without saying "I have to pass this level first!"
Addicting!
Cool app
Awesome game! When are they going to come out with a where's my water 2 ??????
This is the only game that I ever bought
Cute graphics and entertaining gameplay. Runs well on Galaxy S. Recommended!
Should be studying but this game won't let me...
I absolutely love this game! Deserves 10 stars. Can play it back to back! :)
Bes addictive game and awesome gameplay!
Love this game, definitely need more levels. Challenge yourself to get the three ducks and you'll get more game time, but I am also having the same problem with crankys story have paid for it, gets stuck on processing??
Really Fun!
This game cannot be any better!
This game cannot be any better!
Nice and funny.
Keep on guys
Great game
Fun and had to think how to score best
Great little game for kids and adults.
Great little game for kids and adults.
Very nice works perfect
All those guys talki
Yeah
So great! Im 27 and loving it.
One of the best games on the market
Very addictive, and challenging
My grandson loves this game it makes him think
Very fun and addictive game with nice graphics.
:D
Such a great puzzle game. Please please please add more puzzles. I flew through them and now need new ones. WAY better than any angry bird!
Great game!!
I love this game but I got it free around Christmas & unfortunately was not able to upgrade w/o uninstalling. I lost ALL my game play.
Fun fun fun!!! Love the challenge.
Very addictive! Absolutely love it!
Very addictive! Absolutely love it!
As advertised. One of the better games on android. Smooth gameplay as well. Nice job!
Helps pass the time and doesn't require too much brain power
Wow
Love this game!
Very entertaining
Love it!!!
Very addicting.
All of us love this game. My 3yr plays it every day.
Great app, very addicting!!! Only problem was buying Cranky's Story, had to uninstall and reinstall the entire app to get it to work which reset all of my levels and achievements.
I love the game and also purchased cranky's story and got suck at the processing, however i uninstalled and then reinstalled the game and that fixed the problem
Great graphics. Cute story. Very addictive.  New levels please!
Paid for Crankys story though and cant play it...stuck on processing...help me...
addict to this game, more update plzz.
Its soooooooo much fun!!!!!! Watch out for poison water weakly hates it.
Nothing bad to say. Keep new levels coming.
Awesome game for a great price. Nuf said...
So addicting!!
I love this game...
Very addicting. Love the strategy and problem solving required. My 12yr old is hooked.
Love the game started out with free one then had to get full version
Worth every penny!
Awsome game
Stuck on processing on crankys new levels purchase...please help!
Please make more levels
Very addicting try and get all ducks
I love this game a lot and even bought the additional story for cranky but everytime I tried to play it it gets stuck on the processing stage. Now I've paid for a.game I can't play. Needs more levels and needs cranky's malfunction fixed.
Bought it for my phone and tablet !:-)
A must have
wtf ?Does not let me update cause I have insuficient funds but my memory card  has 3 gb! They havent fixed this issue for months already!
cool
Addictive and fun. Worth the money. 5 stars
Awesome! This game is super fun and very addictive! Love it!!!
Loved this game since I found out about it a few months ago.. been hooked ever since!
Love this game
Works flawlessly on my Xoom running ICS 4.0.4
Loving the game but really want to play Cranky's Story which doesn't seem to be able to download. Hopefully an update will fix this problem...
Never really been a fan of phone games but this is awesome, so addictive and so many levels, can't wait for the next update.
I can't seem to get enough.  Very addictive. Well worth the money!
Really enjoyed playing this game.
Great game, totally worth the money.
If you purchased crankys story and it only says processing then uninstall the game and reinstall it and it will work.
C ya later alligator! Gotta keep playing!
Speedy fingers needed for this cute, challenging puzzler! One of the best on Android by far no matter what you like. Buy it! Now! Hahaha
Totally awesome game,  I'm very fussy when it comes to mobile games, this is the cream of the crop. Was hooked after level 1
Totally awesome game,  I'm very fussy when it comes to mobile games, this is the cream of the crop. Was hooked after level 1
Love the game but I paid for cranky story and it still stuck in processing.
I could play the whole game through without stopping. Love it!
Can't stop playing.   I highly recommend this game.  No bullshit hidden micro transactions.  It's just you and a good time puzzle game.  :-)
Brilliant game :-D
Addictive
Awesome game! It's simple so any age can play, but smart enough to make you think. Definitely worth every penny.  Now I'm having the same problem with Crankys story. I bought it but it gets stuck on processing. I have a mytouch slide
Keep the new levels coming!! Never had a problem with the game...beat crankys story!! I love it. --Samsung galaxy s a
Great little game
So much fun, playing it all day so addicting.
Extremely well done and very addictive!
Spent hours enjoying this one
At first I was like "ehh" because it was a Disney game, but this game is addictive... On track to 3 ducks on all levels! This game is fun. 5 stars all day!
I had read about the game and decided to try it. I loved it right off &then my son saw me playing it and I lost possesion of my Kindle LOL. So I had to download to my phone too so we could.both play. It is a challenge at times.but a ton of fun.
Acer iconia a500 and  after I leave wifi the game stops. Maybe update or something mysterious happens. But other then that its an amazing and addictive game that I can nit put down.
Very addictive and fun
Love it!!!   IS THE ONLY GAME  REALLY I ENJOYED
Great physics based game!!!  Good for all ages...
Physics are great in this game. Really polished by Disney.
Great game! I had the same problem with Cranky's story, but if you uninstalled and install it again the game works.. More levels please!
I bought this game so my son would have something to do on our long boring car ride...I quickly found out it is quite fun to play myself...We absolutely love it.
Nice
Nice timepass game... good work by disney
Cool
Great game...totally addicted
Enjoyable
enjoyed every level. worth the buy..
This game is to awesome to be true
Played the free version  and new quickly that $.99 was a steal for this game. I have only paid for 3 game apps ever and this is my newest addiction! Love the physics and logic.  Only problem was I could not play the cranky free version that is on the main menu.
Played the free version  and new quickly that $.99 was a steal for this game. I have only paid for 3 game apps ever and this is my newest addiction! Love the physics and logic.  Only problem was I could not play the cranky free version that is on the main menu.
Hours of fun... My kids love it and so do I
Thanks to this addictive game my phone battery now running out faster.. haha
Thanks to this addictive game my phone battery now running out faster.. haha
It is one of those games that I would encourage my children to try to solve the problems themselves. It is easy to tell them to stop and let them continue later when you want to give them something to do
Very fun game. Sure wish there were more levels!
I was able to get Cranky working by uninstalling the game and then re-installing it.
Loved it so much just had to buy it!
So much fun
I think this game is the best "puzzle" game as far
great game, def worth buying, new levels added frequently, well worth the money
Great pass time
This game is a lot of fun. No complaints!
love it
Fun
Very enjoyable :)
For me  and my 5 years old
Fun and highly addictive!
I purchased the game a few months ago. I absolutely love it! I even got Cranky's Story. However, when I try to update it, I couldn't find it in Google Play. It said it's incompatible with my HTC Desire S. I think it's unfair. I paid for it and I can't get an update? Please fix it.
Love the game....want more levels....bought Crankys story and like another user stated gets stuck in processing and can't play it.
Couldn't put this game down! Need more levels! Crankys story is awesome too! Both well worth the money spent! Beware, after purchasing cranky's story, I had to uninstall and then reinstall ” Where's My Water” to get it to work. A glitch that the developers are aware of. MyTouch 4G
Awesome
Very cool and challenge
Very cool and challenge
So worth it! I love it so much!!!! My new favorite !
I love this game. Does anyone know how to beat C2-19 water tool. Grr. I've been stuck for so long. I can't wait for the next levels!
Love it
Awsome. Great kill time
Well worth the 60 odd pence
Na HTC Desire mi to nejde neviem preco. Ale demo mi ide
My kids love this game
Only little default: a bit too easy for my taste.
Good game no bugs and good fun
I can play this game all the time. It's fun for everyone.
So addictive, great fun!
On the floor at my feet coz i just wet myself laughing. Brilliant game. Absolutely love it. So would the kids if they could get the phone off me.
Awesome fun
Loved it after free trial so bought it and dont regret it!
A great game. Entertaining levels and enjoyable for all ages. Only problem is the purchase of Cranky's story remains in the processing phase.
Hours of amusement, some of it would be difficult for kids though.
Had a lot of fun with it. For free!!!
Great game! Got it for the kids, but I seem to be the one playing it all the time!
Fab game. Keeps me and the kids entertained!
I hv paid for cranky story on 30may but it is still showing processing . Pls help.its an excellent game but i feel cheated .
This game is great i love it I can't stop playing and the updates are different levels even for cranky
This game is great i love it I can't stop playing and the updates are different levels even for cranky
Love this game for my kids:)
It's a great, fun and cheap puzzle game. It's being updated regularly with new levels. You'll love this game
Absolutely brilliant game - keeps me completely entertained. just on a side note for anyone who has bought Cranky's story and it is processing - try clearing the data under app management - you will lose all progress but it should unlock the levels you have purchased.
I love this game  a lot of perfect
Increase in skill level is a great challange & makes you think. . However, when i down loaded this new version, it deleated the full version i bought!  Not pleased with that at all!
Not too challenging puzzles keeps the game fun. Very addictive.
best game i have played ever!!!! if you are getting bored play this game but dont blame this game if you get addicted to it:-)
Great game
brilliant
Sooo nice one
Great game really fun
Game yang menyenangkan. Dibutuhkan kreatifitas berpikir untuk menyelesaikan permainannya.
Entertaining and a lot of fun!
Have completed the game but need my water fix!!
I love this game
Love it!
This game is rocking
I love this game...i can't wait for more. Well worth the money
I bought Crankys story and was never able to play, it always said it was still processing. So I uninstalled and now I can play but lost all my work -____- besides that this game is awesome and addicting!!
Lots of levels as well.
This game is very addicting and entertaining  makes u use ur brain to solve puzzle.
I love this app
Galaxy tab 7.7
Very hard to put down.
Love it! It is addictive and fun. The levels are the perfect length to take up time in lines, ect. Swampy is cute!
Best game eveeeeeeeer!
My 7 year-old and I both love this game.
My 7 year-old and I both love this game.
Lovveee this gamee :-)
I love playing
Wonderful game!
I love this game!
I love this game!
Great game that just keeps getting better and better.
Excellent game, very addictive.
i cant get enough of this game! i play it as soon as there's an update! the only downfall is that the updates dont come fast enough :P
This game is so fun. it's the first one i've paid for and for a buck, you cant go wrong. Works great on Galaxy and Asus tablet.
It's an awesome game, nut when are the coming soon levels coming?
Great game!
Its very fun
Great
Really lekker game.
Awesome game!!!!
Great Christian game for kids
أنصح بشرائها ;-)
Exelent
Au bureau ou avec les enfants, un delice. Agreable et joli.
Very challenging love it
Fantastic! Leaves other puzzle games for dead!
A great time killer indeed. Really worth the cents. A must app for android user out there
Fun. Clean. Entertaining.
I haven't been this addicted to a game since blast monkeys. Five stars
Great game
Great game
Love it!!!
Fantastic app.  Pity that I can't download the latest version due to space EVEN though I have enough space
Not usually into games but this one got me playing nonstop. Awesome!
Takes abt 30 sec or so to load each time, but that is the only criticism I can think of. Great game.
What a game, definately as addictive as angry birds, well done disney
Fun to play in the bathroom.
I don't really purchase a lot of games but this is definitely one of the best I have ever played. Full enjoyment!
Love the ying yang thing its got going on
Worked for a hour now it won't open
Me
This is an amazing game. So much fun and sometimes it proves to be quite challenging. I think the graphics are very colorful and pleasing to the eye. I just hope Cranky's story gets fixed, I'm patiently waiting.
An adicting game but can kill your battery quickly. So choose wisely when letting the kids play.
An adicting game but can kill your battery quickly. So choose wisely when letting the kids play.
Adictiva... Me encanta. Buena para cuando estas aburrido.
Very good game. It has silly characters and the puzzles are very good. Only problem I have is that I bought crankys story and never got it
Best game ever....
I love where's my water
I got a new phone I cud downlaoad and enjoy.
I got a new phone I cud downlaoad and enjoy.
This is addictive!! Even forgot to eat! Sigh.....
Really good game in the style of Cut the Rope. Similar visuals, different mechanics, but fun all the way. And the price is dirt cheap for a top quality product.
Best game ever!!
Better than angry birds
Great game... one of the best!
This game rooooocks
Awesome. Havent even played it lol
I have read several of you have the same problem I have, when I finished Swampy´s levels bought Cranky´s Story and is also stuck on "processing" ... please fix this!! or REFUND!
An interesting an achievable game that requires some thought, but is not brain draining.
Can't get enough of this game..its great
Lovvee iitt!!! :) even though I'm an adult i still love this game
Really enjoying the puzzles, next thing you know, an hour has passed. Real value for money.
لعبة رائعة جداً
Uninstall and reinstall the entire app
Grow
nice game ever!!! great updates!!!
Awesomely awesome love it...... Best game
Gooooooood
You can play this game for hours..
Addictive and solid!
Awesome game, just gets better and better!
I loved this game the best game everrr!!!!!
Samsung galaxy s2 Outstanding app ... Brilliant
Samsung galaxy s2 Outstanding app ... Brilliant
Best game ever BUY
I bought this game for my daughter and play it more than her... Gets the brain going... Love it!
The way they mix some very basic elements to create some great challenges is amazing. I can't stop playing it.
Having as much fun as I did in Angry Birds Space and Cut the Rope. Very high honors and a very fun game!
LOVE IT
Beat all of the free levels but was too addicted to not buy the full version! Easily one of my favorite games on the market.
Great for kids who get bored easily:-)
The latest update brought a HUGE speed increase to load times. The reviews stating load times between levels are too long are no longer accurate! Very happy!
Sorry I love your game but my wife just yelled at me for playing it 4 hours straight thanx Disney for making me feel like a kid again.
Addicting and fun!
Cool game
This game is so addictive! Absolutely love it! Can't wait for more updated!
This is by far the best game for a phone/tablet.  I use a galaxy tablet and tjis game was perfect.  This is the first comment I have ever posted becausw this game was so good.   I need more levels...lol.
Can't put it down. Have been late from lunch many times because of this game!
So much fun ,must download.
So much fun ,must download.
Great game.. Perfect for passing time at work!
Good
I bought it but it just continues to say it is processing. Ideas?
My 4 & 5 yr old sons & I all love this game. I had too down load it on my nook just so I could finally get my phone back! Tons of fun! ")
Wicked addicting
Do not purchase this app or any in app addons!  You have been warned!  You would think with a company as big as Disney, they could afford to have someone answer emails.  Guess not...  In app purchase of Cranky's Story never downloaded.  Stuck at "processing".  No response from Disney about the issue or about a refund.  They just steal $1.99 from all unsuspecting customers.  I've never left a bad review on any app, but this is beyond pathetic.  Not even so much as a response saying "haha, sucker"!
Do not purchase this app or any in app addons!  You have been warned!  You would think with a company as big as Disney, they could afford to have someone answer emails.  Guess not...  In app purchase of Cranky's Story never downloaded.  Stuck at "processing".  No response from Disney about the issue or about a refund.  They just steal $1.99 from all unsuspecting customers.  I've never left a bad review on any app, but this is beyond pathetic.  Not even so much as a response saying "haha, sucker"!
I have played on both ipod and Android. Applied is best as android hadn't enough memory for updates. Great game a must have.
I have played on both ipod and Android. Applied is best as android hadn't enough memory for updates. Great game a must have.
Love it love love it!!!!
Me and my 6 year old girl are hooked for hours.
I really love this game its super fun but what bugs me is the water. its always at low quality. Pls make it look high quality :)
Compatible for kidds
This game is so addictive! my kids and I love it
And nice!_
Addicting, challenging, sooo much fun
Works great really fun kids love it also
I play the whole game and then even reset it so I could play some more.
I'm 18 and this entertains me !!!!!
Great game well worth the money!!
One of the best games.
Good
Good
good
Excellent entertainment and challenge
INSUFFICENT SPACE?!?!?!? I DELETED EVERY SINGLE APP I HAD!!!!! THIS IS BULLSH!T
Love this game!!!
Very addictive!
Loads of fun... More levels please!!!
Keeps me  busy for hours!!
Keeps me  busy for hours!!
The demo was amazing this is just even better. :D brilliant game. And dosent kill Ur battery either :D
Absolutely addictive
great game
This game is fun.
Addicting...love it.
Impressive game, nice water splash movement, keeps you coming back!
Really works the processor in my phone and heats up. Also can't seem to figure out why the contact list keeps opening when I use this app
Best game ever 4 all ages
Was unable to download after the purchase. Subsequently worked. Had to snatch the phone from my brother who was hooked onto it from the minute it downloaded. Love the game
Was unable to download after the purchase. Subsequently worked. Had to snatch the phone from my brother who was hooked onto it from the minute it downloaded. Love the game
Very cool game.
Best game in the history of smartphones
Requires problem  solving. Love it
Best game ever can't stop playing
Awesome game..was able to play cranky's story after I reinstalled this game..otherwise it was stuck at "processing".
And right up there with Cut the Rope for my favorite mobile game.
This game is honestly awesome. I find it funny how much fun this game is.
This game is honestly awesome. I find it funny how much fun this game is.
Great game brilliant idea
Awesome gameplay and physics
Love it...
5 stars
Very addictive, but a fairly simple game, love it
Very addictive, but a fairly simple game, love it
played for almost a month- never got boring. Love the challenge of the levels and how some "look" so simple.. Well worth it!
Its a really fun and time conduming game.....great job!
Great game could do with redesign for tabsb though
Great idea, well executed.excellent game!
Awesomeeeeee !
Great!
Love the game. Addicted
Just awesome!
Super game!
Love it! Totally addictive.
Love it! Totally addictive.
This game is so addicting
Fantastic game
awesome!
Best u can get for $ 0,99
Addictive
Good time passss!! Must have
The next angry birds!
Love it! :-)
Definitely one of my favorites.
Fun for all ages.  Lots of levels.
Good
Amazing game, gets you thinking and is very addictive. Colourful and creative! Gets harder as you go on. Awesome mini story with cranky. Just waiting for the new levels now!
Have this game on both my Galaxy S and now on my new Galaxy S2 cos its just so good. Developers try to add new content whenever possible but please add new levels and not just option to replay old ones especially if expecting us to pay each time you add some. Other than that I luv this game. Runs great and very enjoyable gameplay. One of my absolute most favourite games (along with zombie smash of course lol) LUCIA C.
Have this game on both my Galaxy S and now on my new Galaxy S2 cos its just so good. Developers try to add new content whenever possible but please add new levels and not just option to replay old ones especially if expecting us to pay each time you add some. Other than that I luv this game. Runs great and very enjoyable gameplay. One of my absolute most favourite games (along with zombie smash of course lol) LUCIA C.
Addictive! Loooove it!
All I can say is wow... Countless hours of fun!!!
Just enough of a learning curve to familiarize you with new elements while ramping up the challenge. Some of the challenges and achievements will take many attempts to overcome.
This game Is amazingever since my mom bought it for me I can't stop playing it :-):)
Fun game!
its not letting me download the cranky's thingy!!!
Awesome! I love this game!
Awesome! I love this game!
Love it!! Swampy loves duckies!!
Love it!! Swampy loves duckies!!
Love the latest update!! More levels, yeay. Levels you call lost but I don't remember them being in before. But this game really, really does get better. I am a genuine real life person not affiliated with the makers in *any* way and I *urge* you with every fibre of my human soul to get this game, even if you think "I can't really afford it though."…………… treat yourself. It *really* *is* worth the money, jusr get it will you!!??
This is great for all ages.
Excellent passe temps !
Excellent passe temps !
Excellent passe temps !
Excellent passe temps !
Awesome game, but does anyone know why my boyfriend's game would look different/better than mine? His water and stuff all look really cool and see through, while mine are dull and kinda boring looking. I have an HTC Evo 4G and he has an HTC Thunderbolt.
Awesome game, but does anyone know why my boyfriend's game would look different/better than mine? His water and stuff all look really cool and see through, while mine are dull and kinda boring looking. I have an HTC Evo 4G and he has an HTC Thunderbolt.
Very cool
Totally worth the money, buy it don't be cheap
My son loves it!
Keeps the mind thinking. Good.
Fun
