Can't even sign up.  Fix and maybe I'll re-download!
Fine looking app but it crashes every 2 mins
App for android sucks!!!!! It periods telling he I've exceeded my rate limit and I've done to many request. I'm seriously about to just delete it and use the browser! Please fix this
Wont let me browse pintrest without first setting up an account. Big turn off. Uninstalling...
Great place to get great ideas.
Freezes when starting up then restarts my phone. When it works its great. But in 24 hours its shutdown my phone 5 times. Droid X
I can't even create an account. Bugs!
Makes my phone turn off every time I open it
Application always crash whenever I'm trying to sign up or sign in. My device is Sony Ericsson W8/X8, please fix it :(
Every time I try to repin something it forces close!!!
It worked perfectly the first day I installed it,  now all I get is a white screen when I open it and it freezes my phone, so disappointed!  Had to uninstall
Finally! Don't have to fight with the website on my phone!
Won't let you pin large images or pages with many images.
Hmmm... I sure it would be great... if it didn't freeze... then crash any time I tried to use it. Wouldn't stay running for more than 2 minutes. I gave up!
So happy that pinterest finally launched in Android.. But I'm having problem pinning images even from the browser.. Practically means that my pinterest app is useless.. Please fix it.. :-(
It. Was working good but now I cant even get on the app. Says ive went over my limit. And I cant go over my data so fix the problems already
I can't log in.
It totally sucks! Considering I have tried every pinterest app there is I am extremely disappointed. It won't even log me in. Please fix this. Ive been looking for a good app since I have got this phone and was hoping this was it.
Every time I try to use this app for a few minutes my phone crashes and resets itself 2-3 times. Good interface, just frustrating that my phone keeps freaking out.
I was really excited for this app to finally come to Droid but now I can't even login.
I can't even make it past the first load screen. The app loads up, then force closes before I see anything. Sent from Motorola Defy MB25
Force close every time
This is crap! It hang up and I have to reboot my phone. #fail
My download stuck lol so how im gonna try this application
Too much trouble logging in. Took the time to select pictures, server error. Lost pictures, tried to select more but they won't load. Annoy!
Worked at first. After update, nothing loads. Can't pin anything now, either.
Does not work on EVO!! My hotspot, internet, texting & more quit working after I uploaded program. Had to get hard reset 4x and new phone eventually messed up other phone woo badly.
Does not let allow me to use the app. Always needing to be force close or report
I like it enough,  but every time i use it, my android crashes and restarts. Sucks!
The concept is great but the app needs major work it stalls all the time and is very slow.
I love pinterest so I'm glad they came up with an App. finally. But how do I view my own profile? Or even certain people's for that matter. All I can view is pins my FB friends have repinned. Sadly I have to say only 1 star.
Won't let me sign up using droid charge. Maybe create account on the pc then login on the phone?  Im not lazy but is it worth the hassle??
Just won't install, I don't know why :-(
Had it installed was working fine then it started saying I exceeded my rate limit and that I had to many requests and wouldnt let me use it so I uninstalled reinstalled and it continues to say the same thing but now it will not let me log in...please fix this
Horrendous,application crashes upon launch!
Consumes lot of Background data, and Ram too... Better to be used on iPad
The continue button dont work. Ive been trying to make a account for months!!! What am I doing wrong!? This sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!
After picking the 5 pictures to sign up the "continue" button does not work...major disappointment!!
Ok i just reviewed this and i take back my 2 stars... i loaded this up 10 times... it forced closed 7... & complety shutdown and restarted my phone twice... how PATHETIC
Was super hyped about a true pinterest for android app....LOVED it the first few days.....now it won't even open?!?! All it does is freeze my phone for a few seconds with a white screen and in my app killer it says its using a ton of cpu. I can't even use it now! It was soooo much easier than the mobile:/ if it weren't for that and waiting so long on pictures (aggravating but not so bad) itd have 5stars....now its prolly more like -5! If not fixed I'm uninstalling!
I just got the app 2 minutes ago and tried to repin something but it didn't have my boards! Or my other pins!
Filled with bugs. Crashes a lot
I cant even get it to open... I click the icon and a white screen pops up and I recieve the force close error message. Samsung galaxy prevail.
I love this app...it has a couple of issues with loading at times but for the most part its great.
I download the app and when I get to the create my account part it says that not one, but both my email (real email) addresses "do not look real" so your app is calling me a liar.. Thanks for that!
I have Motorola blur and every time I start using this app it will freeze and then phone goes black and restarts. Uninstalled!!  And really hated to do so ...
This def needs alot of work.. I cant do anythg it jus keeps force closing every time :( I love Pinterest so im hoping u get this fixed soon.
I have a Droid Bionic. The new Pinterest app will not work for me! When I try to log in it gives me an error message saying the server is having a hiccup-please try again. Why?! Hope there's an update to fix this SOON!
I did try it for a couple of days..the pics took to long to load..therefore I just go on thesite thru the web  it up loads quick.
I love the app..  Except after so many pins.. It will not let me pin anymore.. Says I have exceeded my rate limit...  Or there have been to many request from this address???  That's when I just go back to the Web version.  Fix it and you'll get a higher rating.
I have an unlimited data plan. when I try to open pinterest, I get an error saying too many request, exceeded rate limit. Uninstalled as browser version worked fine.
Pictures take forever to load.  Ill just wait until I get home.
This app is horrible it constantly force closes and I even uninstalled and re installed!
So far terrible.  Will not get past loading before an error message appears, forcing me to close.  If it does 1 out if every 30 times, the error will come, just a matter of time.
Always crashes
I've never gotten a single pin to load...website is wayyy better..so sad was excited for ap
All it does is close. Im about to un-install it!
Sucks
Everytime I open the app it restarts my phone. Very annoying.I uninstalled it.
Every time I open, force closes. Bummer.
Wouldnt even download on my phone. Lame af.
Force closes as soon as I attempt to view a pin, or about 5 seconds after opening the app.
It has some very minor glitches, but overall the app looks great, works decent, and has most (if not all) the function that the site has.  It is a bit slow in loading pics and just loading period, but that might have more to do with the glitches in the last sprint ice cream sandwich update than with the app itself.  Only thing I would make easier is sharing on twitter and facebook.
Most of the features and functionality are accessible through PC, like editing boards.   Would like to see full control and functionality of PC or web version the same as the mobile app version.  Mobile version is so limited.
Dont know y but it has  lots of login problems....
Still cannot login.  Invalid login or password.  I thought this was fixed.  Fix this and I'll give 5 stars.
Every time I open it makes me force close.  I can't even do anything on it.
I dont have to register on the website, why would you make me before I use this app?
Too difficult to register. Uninstalled.
Too slow to upload
Iv installed the app twice now and both times the first screen is simply unresponsive. It wont let me select any pictures, and when i go to log in using twitter a blank screen comes up.
My galaxy s2 epic 4g touch starts to heat up in seconds with this app running. What is the deal? Waited for this app now dissapointed for now. Please fix.
Will not allow me to login.  Uninstall.
It never loads the pictures. I can get on my browser and it work way better. Pathetic
I loved the app but uninstalled it after a few days... phone started crashing ..freezing.. and randomly shutting off soon after downloading this app.  Hoping to try again in the future if they fix it.
Barely works.. freezes all the time and force closes. Was fine before the newest update. Please fix.
Kept closing on me.
Crap
Great know that the appln exists' however I havent been able to sign in
Love love pinerest however they need to workout the kinks of the app.
Continue button wont work!
I can't even get past the home screen because nothing will load!! Please fix!
Either it is just me or this app has a problem. After installing, i tried to sign u p. It just kept going round in circles and it just won't let me sign up. What is wrong?
I can't even log on.
Please fix it. Thanks.
I barely made it to the login before it force closed and crashed my phone. uninstalled.
Its only pic
Always on pinterest... saw the new app downloaded And it kept closing. Excited for nothing
Site /App keeps shutting  down after 10 minutes.  Has been doing so for at least 7 days straight now. :(
It will not load. Had to uninstall the app.
Doesn't a even deserve 0 stars
It is gay
Forget it. Unistalling.
I just installed this app, and m trying to get started... but it won't work. It has me select 5 pics, then the continue bar appears...I touch it and nothing happens:/ I am very sad:(
I installed this in my galaxy and I cant log in! Slow app and has a lot of bugs!
I love this app; however my phone gets hot from using it and it drains my battery.  I had to uninstall it.
I have been sitting here for almost an hour trying to download this app, but it's still not downloading. Its quite frustrating
Have galaxy 2 ..App Freezes phone..please fix
Also doesn't allow me to find friends on Facebook that also use Pintersst - says it can't connect despite signing in with Facebook.
I waited forever for this app, and I'm a little disappointed.  At first it seemed great. I was able to log in and move the screen to view popular pins.  Now that's all I can do.  It won't let me view my boards or other options.  I think I'll stick to being irritated repinning on my browser.  At least there are more options doing that.  Please fix so I can use this app!
Considering it doesn't work and let you pin at all (Galaxy S3 / S2 tested) by sharing an image from another app I'd have to say it's the worst app experience I've had in android, congrats!
tried for 3 days to log in but app keeps advising wrong e mail address think i know my email address by now
U heard it 1st
Every time I try to sign in it force closes. Such a disappointment
Love the app except I haven't been on it for over 24 hours and it is still telling me to much activity from my address and won't let me pin anything.
Gand madarchod kuch bhi download nhi ho rha hai mere cell pe..
Can login on the web, but not with app. Uninstalling ...
Took forever to scroll through pictures during initial setup. The thumbnail bar kept moving around and wouldn't stay at the bottom. The pictures would all disappear when scrolling. Also, what is the point of this app? Isn't there enough social networking garbage out there?
Nothing happens when the app is opened. Uninstall.
Can't even sign up. Runs really slowly and have to give up choosing pics. Uninstalling. Worst app I have ever downloaded.
Can not open it crashes  every time
Keeps forcing close. Won't sign on. Uninstalled.
Having trouble downloading this app.
Keeps crashing within 10 seconds my defy. Very disappointing.
I was so excited to see it but is completely pointless and i can't use it. Force close pops up straight away
Needs desperate work on I guess....speed? It is really slow and laggy. Im sad.
Not worth 1 start every time I pull up the app it tells me I have made to many requests from my address?! Don't even have to look or search for anything for this message to be given.  For this company to be so popular you would think they would have a better app.
I haven't even been able to get it to open since the last update. Useless. I have been anxiously awaiting this app and i'm very disappointed.
Muy mal
Phone: Galaxy Nexus.  App locks up while selecting images during registration. Can not zoom in on images to see them properly.
this won't work.. i keep trying to sign up, won't even let me. please fix. :/
Needs to be fixed because it loads really slow when I try to repin something
Force closes on my Droid but the format is nice.
Can't log in @ all.
Worked for about a minute. Now it force closes all the time.  Sidekick 4g
Let me Pin :( Motorola Droid
As soon as I open it force closes. Everytime. The website wont work on it either! So disappointed.
Doesn't let me register.  I lose keyboard functionality after typing 7 or 8 characters.
I have heard of pinterest. Wanted to sign up and got the app. It would just crash whilr loading the 5 pictures that most interested me. Phone is Evo 4g lte on android 4.0.3
I have had no luck with this app at all. Multiple error messages such as nothing found on page to pin, clicking pin it and nothing happens, loading and loading till i have to pull battery to make it stop. I was very exited for the app, but hope the bugs get worked out!
It doesnt log in .. So I unistalled it . :/
I can`t pin stuff from web. I can`t delete a board. Please fix this.
Wouldn't let me log in.
Why does it say to many requests.... thats crazy... waited forever for this app... such a disapointment!
Doesn't let me login using my Twitter account on my HTC sensation
Unable to login. Servers been down all morning.
Doesn't show all my likes!! ....
Dislike how you can't sign up if you don't have Facebook or Twitter
I can't stop pinning!
I was already a pinterest member, but it made me re-register. Then when I tried to verify my email (from the email pinterest sent) it didn't recognize my email. Ugh!!!
This app will not let login so frustrating
Haven't  been able to log in since installed. Server hiccups. What does that mean? Big player should never have crashed server. Fix it!
Reboots HTC Sensation.
It always says that it has hiccups so it won't login. Please fix.
Keeps giving me a "sorry but out server is experiencing hiccups" connection error, cant connect at all... Evo3d
Was finially able to log in, and now it keeps force closing.
Downloaded on my RAZR maxx. Stops working almost continuously and fails to even start up the majority of tries. Please improve. I miss pinterest when I'm not near a computer.
Takes ever to load even on Wi-Fi.Worst app..........uninstalled immediately.
Stuck each time try to download!! Fix it please~
awesome really wanted it for my samsung s2
Couldn't even make an account
"Continue" button doesn't work!  Can't go any further than that.  :-(
After trying to register 5 times, crashing each time, I gave up and uninstalled. Was looking forward to using this app but that's 10 minutes of my life I'm not getting back :|
App works wonderfully for just browsing. Images load quickly on my Samsung Galaxy S ll Epic 4 G Touch. However, I can't pin from webpages. Without such a basic function working I chose to only give the app one star.  Update: App takes forever to load after recent update (8/17/12) and still can't pin articles online.  Totally useless now. Update 2: I'm not really shocked at how bad I have discovered this app to be. Just like Instagram, it offers only a fraction of the features found on the IOS version.
Looove browsing Pinterest, the app...not so much. Laggy to say the least, and then kept force closing because it froze up :(
blacks out n freezes my phone..uninstalllllll
In my asus tablet!!!!!
Excellent app, i had been wishing they created an app for Android and now they have soo in love with it! Very addicting i should warn!
It was working great and now with the new update it won't do a thing. Change it back please.
Getting irritated aftr updation..tooo slow in loading everything
Can't get it to work since update today!!!
Well I'd love to see how the app is and if I like it. But it won't let me log in. Fix your app please
Every since I updated I can't log in :(
Says there is a connection issue....tried both 4G and WiFi. No luck. Will re-review
Newest update killed this on the HTC Rezound!
Check network connection??? What the heck...my connection is fine!
Force closes (30xs) when signing up deal killer can't say I didn't try
takes very very very long to load the login page.  keep saying network problem and refusr to log me in.
Worked great... UNTIL it updated, now its aweful. FIX IT!!!!
Would be helpful if it allowed me to actually log in.
Takes forever to load after update
Cannot log in
This app has been loading for 20 minutes and I have excellent service! I cant comment on the actual app itself because i will never see it!!!! pinterest mobile is so much faster.
I was so happy android finally got an app....but then I download it and I can't even get passed the sign in screen. It keeps loading, I exit out and try again and same thing happens. Plz fix! I would love to use the app on my mytouch 4g slide. Thanx! :)
Won't let me access keeps saying no network. But every other app is working on my phone???
Loved this app, but ever since the past two updates, I can no longer login.  Keeps saying that it is unable to find a server... please fix! Thank you!
Galaxy II keeps saying I have no internet connection! my Web is fine, even.does it while I'm connected to wifi, please fix!
Can't login. It keeps telling me to check my connection and try again...but my connection is fine.
Its sooooo slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worked once then said it wouldn't connect to the server.
Unable to even register.... doesn't open it's own webpage for registration....   Waste of time
Was working just fine till this update. Now it just keeps loading and wont do anything please fix ASAP..
Won't even allow me to log in
When i first downloaded, out worked awesome! But it did an update and now it always says check network connection and try again. Boo. :)  Galaxy s 2
Happy there is a Pinterest app; be even more happy if I could actually login by email or FB connect.....PLEASE FIX!!
No connection all the time.....
This app won't let me even sign up. Nothing happens when I click sign up.
Worked fine at first, then stopped working. So I uninstalled then reinstalled. Still nothing. Way to get my hopes up for an app for android... should have known it would suck.
Won't even let me log in.
I am only giving it one star. Whenever I repin something it automatically repins it 10 times. Not worth it at all. Using the internet site only not this app.
Don't get me wrong I love that they have made an app on Android, but I'll pin something and then it will load forever. Sometimes it pins to the wrong board. Please fix and I will be a very happy camper. Thanks!
I dont understand why doesnt work! Each time it say authentication failed! Fix it!
I had to reinstall it to make it work. It's now working however I get this feeling it's going to crap out again. Major major bug fixing is needed for this App. It's not ready for prime time.  Will the developers listen?
Forcing people to sign in is a big no for me
Can't log in on my tab either, please fx
Have been waiting for this and it works just like the site. Good job.
I can't log in with my email or my twitter and I have an account. I was able to log in once but took to long to do anything! Upset! I love my pintrest on my ipod!
Installed on my Android two days ago. When trying to log in, app keeps saying "network error" or that the site has the hiccups. I even removed it from my device and reinstalled...still cannot log in. Very displeased with this app.
I download this because pinfetch only works half the time, and this app want even detect my internet connection!
What the?
I've tried logging in with WiFi and full 4G signal and keep getting a message to check my network connection and try again. The app is useless if I can't log in.
I have been waiting for like forever for this to be available on my phone ! And it finally is but won't load anything ! Says to check connection but my connection is fine. Please please fix !
Don't wanna work since I downloaded it!
Was working great until the update today! Now i can't long in or do anything! Fix and ill give 5 stars.
Will not work on samsung galaxy note. Keeps saying no internet connection.  My connection is fine. Disappointed.
I was super excited but this app is sooo slow and frustrating.. just uninstalled it:(
Keeps saying no connection try again but my connection is perfect  :-(
Droid RAZR and won't let me login, at all!
I was soo excited for this! But then it doesnt let me sign up or login at all :/ if this gets fix this will definitely be 5 stars. Pleaseee fix?
Cant sign in¡
I tried to create an account and there was an error. So, I tried to connect through twitter and Facebook and both couldn't connect due to errors
It says connection to server error. Try again later.
Can't sign up or can't log in with my Facebook.
Unable to log in keeps saying I have an error connection but my connection is fine please fix this I love pinterest and was so excited when I saw it on android
Sucks. Won't log me in. Doesn't run in background. Reloads every time you open. Doesnt even work. Waste of time
I just downloaded it and now it says the server is down, and once im able to log in it doesnt load anything????
I would rate this app if I could log in
Im trying to sign up for it and it won't work.
It takes super long to load and wont even let me sign up.
Installed today and it doesn't work. Keeps locking up and closing.
Was so looking forward to this, but I can't even log in. :-( It just freezes.
I'm unable to sign in either through Facebook or entering my email and password. My device is Nexus 7.
Waited and waited and apparently still waiting. When I try to log in it says check network connection and try again. Boo!
I want the application but I can't login, been trying for days.  Help:-) :-) :-)
I want the application but I can't login, been trying for days.  Help:-) :-) :-)
Spinning thumbtack icon all the time. On WiFi. Using a GSM Galaxy Nexus. I don't believe that Pinterest didn't QA for this device so something else must be up. However, my other network-reliant apps are operating normally. Bummer.
I use the app on my iPad and use pinterest on my computer and love it. But it won't let me login to the app on my galaxy s3. It keeps saying to check network connection but I know my connection is fine.
Why won't the pictures load?  I have to wait for 3 or 4, and every time o scroll, I have to wait again!
I installed and it would not let me sign in. Kept saying check network settings. I had full bars on all levels. Very upset cause I love pinterest on line.
Keeps force closing! Deleting!
After browsing the step pictures for awhile the app bugs out and force closes and I have to start over
It keeps telling me the server is down...2 days now.
can't log in
I've downloaded and updated.. still can't log in!
Getting error that package file is invalid and I'm not able to install
I haven't been able to log in all day its says its experiencing some problems please fix it
Can't sign up with twitter! Always error. Please fix it :(
I have successfully pinned one of 10 items. And even then I had to try it 4 times before it would pin.
You get so excited there's finally an app but once you get to the images it stops working.
Cannot log in. What's the point of having an app if it can't be used.
Everything else works fine but IT WON'T LET ME PIN FROM MY  DOLPHIN BROWSER!! :( So what's the point then?! Uninstalling!
App working too slowly on my s2 even wid a fast wi-fi...plz fix it...
Anyone else having trouble logging in due to "server hiccups?" I really hope this gets fixed asap!
I downloaded this app and it keeps on telling me that it is suffering a mild case of hiccups. Sucks.
Force close every time I open the app. :( Motorola Defy
Phone version is so much better. You can actually see more then 4 pictures on the screen
I love that there is an app now. But the pics take forever to load even when I have full 4g coverage. Fix this problem and I'll give it 5 stars.
Totally worth the wait. Almost flawless app. Needs a little bit more smoothness IMHO. Cheers!
Doesn't work. Just tells me my email and password don't match. Real shame.
On a HTC mytouch the app won't let me login. I was excited to see this app finally in the store and disappointed to find I couldn't even try it. I'd be glad to rerate once this is fixed.
Nothing seems to be loading, just those circles going round and round. What gives? (HTC, ICS)
Cant log in through app because of "server hiccup". I can, however, log in through the website.
Continually force closes on N7. Uninstalled.
Keeps shutting my phone off. Motorola Atrix.
The app works well enough, but without the basic ability to pin images from the internet, its really just like using the mobile version. Please give us a "pin it" button!
So much easier than the mobile version. Keep updating, and it will only get better!
Super excited to see this, but every time I try to install, it takes forever and then disappears. HTC EVO shift.  Update: sent an email to support re: install issues. Waiting to hear back. Update again: 8 hrs later, no response. Still not working. I really want to like this app, but seeing as it won't even install...! Updated 24 hrs later: still now word, still won't install.
So excited for this.  Went to log on and it never would.  Just kept trying to process.  Had to uninstall.  Sad!
Samsung Galaxy tab 2 10.1  Please fix.  Even with the new update. Really anxious for this to start working. Been waiting so long for this app.
Continues to forceclose!!!!!!
I was happy to see that Android finally got a Pinterest app but I am unable to sign on. I'll keep using the browser.
The sign up process is broken for this Android app.
The pictures take forever to load. I would much rather open pinterest through the browser.
I have tried for days and it wonth log me in??? :-(  I'm so excited to use it but can't!
I've tried for an hour to log in and it won't log in. I love Pinterest so please fix! :-(
Battery hog.
Umm its so slow and buggy
I don't even have  Facebook or a Twitter account so I can't make an account for Pinterest. I think everyone should be allowed to get this app, Facebook/Twitter or not!!
Love that they finally made an app, BUT it takes FOREVER for the pictures to load!
Has their website crashed?  I've tried to download this for an hour.
Does not even let me log in!
I was excited to have the app but disappointed because I can't log in!! Please fix this problem!
Like many others have already mentioned, won't let me sign in. Uninstalled until problem is fixed.
This really sucks, can't sign in at all! :(
Could not get user name
Super excited about the app finally being available for Android, but it wouldn't even let me log in... Bummer. Fix the bug, please! We've waited forever for it to come to Android!
Finally get this app and it doesn't work for the Samsung galaxy 10.1...Wth?
Cant log in....sucks so far!
Even slower than FB. And who said u cud automatically add people 4me2 follow. Why wud I wanna follow strangers? At least ask first if I wanna follow randoms.
Can't sign up or log-in.
Crashes every time I open it. has potential if I could get it working.
Slow to load and pics too small. I took it off my phone.
I've tried downloading several times now and all it says it will download shortly. 5 hrs now and nothing. Please fix
I cant login using my twiiter account. The screen just goes white and stays like that when I tap 'Login using twitter'..please fix this issue
For some reason I can't log into the app which is odd, I have both a login that I use daily as well as a facebook and twitter account and good internet connection however for some reason it says 'our server is experiencing a mild case of hiccups' PLEASE HELP, FIX IT!, IF ANYONE KNOWS PLEASE CONTACT ME, IT'S SO ANNOYING!
It won't let me on. Says too many requests from my address....what does that mean?? I havent even used it today!
Haven't been able to log in since I downloaded. Keep getting server error message. HTC EVO
Can't login.. plz fix
Shuts down constantly
Finally an android version!!!
This app is sooooooo slow!! I like the mobile site much much better. Going to uninstall.
I was so excited to finally find a Pinterest app for Android.  It looks great, and worked fine at first.  It randomly "locks up" when I try to select a board for a new pin.  Then it becomes completely useless 'til I reboot my phone.  Great app if the bugs can be resolved.  Until then, it is useless!
Can't login.  Says server is experiencing hiccups...for two days?
Slow won't load pretty glitchy. Galaxy Nexus
I can't log in to the app! It keeps telling me the server has hiccups!! What's up?
Won't create account
Am very excited to use, but keep getting "server hiccup" error........so sad
I can't log on with my normal login or Facebook, I liked the old app better. This kinda sux.
Using HTC one x. Mild case of hiccups. Hoping it gets fixed soon
Takes forever to login using FB. Sign up didnt work at all. Please correct this quickly. »GNote
Images take FOREVER to load.  Ill have to go back to web version until fixed. Boo!!!  Android
It won't let me login.  Says my facebook is not associated with Pinterest?????? It still works on the internet
Wont even open. Worked  twice now sucks
In my S2 keeps trying to load but it doesnt
HTC Thunderbolt.  Server error while trying to log on.
Motorola Xoom 4g, Can't sign in, I get some kind of server error message.
Takes forever to load. Still needs a lot of work.
Way to slow at uploading the pictures as I scroll.
Galaxy Tab. Keep getting server error when I try to log in.
I was so excited to see the app for android until i installed and it won't let me login...uninstall : (
Couldn't log in...just said server had a hiccup. Uninstalled...
it wont authenticate and let me log in or browse! ive uninstaled and reinstaled and nada. soo disappointed. i waited so long
It wouldn't let me sign up or even sign in with my Facebook. Installing. :(
How hard is it to have Google Account login?
It says not enough space available. I have 1 gb free, just how much space do you need for this thing?  Does it require an sd card? Can't install with just internal storage?
Closed twice since installing
Opened the app for the first time for only 5 seconds and it drained my battery on my s3 after the next 5 hours.
I was thrilled to finally have this app. However, after scrolling through all available pins on the screen it doesn't fetch any new ones or even give me the option to refresh. Also, while scrolling through the view everything screen there's no menu or option to switch the search... view my own info... or anything. The app kind of gets stuck.
Won't download.
I can't logon at all. I have had the app on my android phone for almost a year. I cwouldn't ever find the app again to put on my tablet. Not sure how I got it before this release.
I downloaded this app this morning & it hasn't worked all day. I finally got logged in, but can't see my boards, recent pins or search for anything. HTC EVO 4G
Can't login to the app on my Xoom...can't use pinterest  at all now. Ugh!
Haven't been able to login since I downloaded it. Perpetual hiccup...
SLOW! I'm using wifi on high speed cable. Screen rewrite is unacceptable. I won't be using it.
Says im not a valid user even though I've been using it for months on the computer.
As soon as I installed it on my phone, it almost froze my phone up. I honestly don't get the appeal of these weird social network iphone apps. I was just trying to scroll down the pictures to pick some stuff to get dsign up with the app and it stopped working. If it works on your phone and it's your thing go for it, but I had a very bad experience with this thing just trying to get it started.
Had to uninstall..kept crashing
Doesn't halfway work
I can't sing in... it crashes
It wont even let me sign in and my email and password still show then makes type over it
Are you kidding me?
Y does it say ive reached my limit try again later? Its free ! Fix this!
Can't sign up on s3 or note10.1. Sign up Page buggy
Terrible load time. Way to slow, feels like the days of dial up...zzzzz.
K so I downloaded it for my android and I have been waiting for 11 days and it still wont sign me in URGH
I can't get pass the picture picking screen. It keeps freezing and then kicking me out. This app sucks
Works fine on Galaxy SII,  but not on Asus Transformer Prime tablet. "Authentification failed" error. Not able to login.
Not interesting
I enjoy interest, but on my system, it didn't work. It was slow to load, and stopped unexpectedly all the time forcing close. I want to like it, but I can't!
Super exited it's finally here for Android... But now it won't open... Please fix
Won't login to account or by fb/twitter so unusable. :-(
As a casual Pinterest user, I've been mildly impatient for this to be released, and boy was it worth the wait. It's fully functional, looks beautiful and is buttery smooth to use on both my Nexus 7 and my Samsung Galaxy Nexus. It just does everything right. Bravo Pinterest, bravo.
Nothing happen when I tap on one image to create pin.
Sucks battery in background. Am not even signed on to the service yet!
Force closes
Pictures are too small and there's no option to zoom the screen. Maybe a single roll instead of two images side by side? Also takes forever to load the images! I'll stick to the mobile website till the fix.
Force closes before you even open it.
Why does it need me to create an account when I have already signed in with Facebook?
Will not even open on my galaxy s 2. But, nothing works since that galaxy s 3 came out.
Try Facebook and twitter. Both don't work at all
Finally on android, so excited. Unfortunately the app wont even open. Force close before anything at all loads.
Our serves are experiencing a mild case of the hiccups......really?  UGH.
Why is it not downloading for my Droid?
The pinterest android app is a start, but it's a crappy start. Within 2 minutes of opening and using Pinterest, my OS completely crashes and reboots my phone. This happens everytime and it sucks! Fix it please!
Worked great first couple days. Now when I open it, it tells me to upgrade my app but there's no upgrade for it in the market.
It's okay but I can't find out what it is about bc the app keeps crashing on me and I can never get past the sign up!
I love this app, but it causes my phone to reboot within 1 minute of having it open.  Bummed.
To me, Pinterest is just a second class version of Instagram. Even if Pinterest was at the same level as instagram. It'd still lack users. Instagram can not only share photo's but edit them. This app doesn't have a good layout of photo's. Even on my Galaxy S2's big screen, Pinterest's 2 column layout really narrows the pictures. The only pro this app has is the picking out pictures part before signing up. This app doesn't deserve to be advertised. Overall, I wouldn't reccomend this app.
R
The app is too slow, laggy and crashes. I'm not one for giving bad reviews but this is the worst app I've downloaded yet. Fix this up and this could be of some interest (pun totally intended).
my DEFY always force close
Fun
I can't upload picture from my galery.. It only work for photo that is just taken..
It moves slow but I still loved it until my phone started rebooting every time I tried to open the app :(
I'm unable to delete a board that i've accidentally created. Also, unlike the app on ios, it does not allow me to edit my profile. Secondly, i've pinned quite a number of items and have a few boards created. Why do they not come up online and on ipad? It shows that i have 0 boards and pins. Please do something. Other than that, i love it. So, please..:(
worked for a fine then froze and reboot phone. uninstalled.
I was so ecstatic about this app finally coming out! Pinterest is so addicting. However, after a week or so of using it, it's been nonstop crashing my phone. It's incredibly annoying.  *****Update: tried reinstalling and still force closes and shuts off every time i open it. I am uninstalling. I hope these bugs get fixed, because it's otherwise aweek great app.
Ive been trying too get on but keeps saying server is down, not happy! :( and when it does work it tells me theres been to many request from my address... And I haven't been on in days when it says this :(
I only gave it two stars because I LOVE Pinterest, but this app is the worst app on my phone and if these bugs aren't fixed asap, it will soon have to be deleted! I can't stay on for longer than a minute or two, tops, before my phone completely restarts itself!! Is anyone else having this issue? I've exhausted efforts with anything else that could be causing my phone to do this, and this is the ONLY app that causes this. It's very disappointing.
Love pinterest! App forcecloses A LOT! Fix bugs and would def be a great app!
Everytime I try to use this app, it comes up to someone else's profile. I hit the back button (b/c menu key does nothing) & it exits the app. Only when I uninstall and re-install does it actually work how it should.  I wish it would work!!
Keeped causing my phone, Atrix to reboot and freeze, uninstalled it! But it was nice, so I hope it gets fixed.
Haven't had any problems at all. Super easy to use and super addicting!
I love pinterest, I love pinning. I love that I can now do this with much more fluidity on my samsung android. I hate hate hate that after using the "create new pin" option from my browser that it ALWAYS force closes both my browser and my pinterest. It also force closes randomly on other occasions. Please fix this.
Fourth time this week this app has crashed my phone! Please fix! !!!
When i first dl this it was great but now almost 14 hours later, the app froze my phone with a blank screen and i had to turn my phone off in order to quit the. Please fix !
At first I liked it... everything was smooth and fast... but the next day it didn't want to load at all... I can't see any pictures...
This would be a good app if it would stop force closing
Sooo frustrating!  Needs major fixes!
i cant change profile pic, and make pin. so sadness
It would b an awesome app,  if it worked!  Jst forecloses on me giving me error messages..
Phone gets really hot with this app!!
Can't save pictures from app! This would be a big plus!!
When in the browser, trying to pin from "share" then choosing Pinterest, the thumbnail(s) load, "pin it" appears, but it won't pin.
Downloaded this last night and everytime I have tried to use it I can repin one thing then it will freeze up. Samsung Galaxy S lll
Why are my pins getting deleted?!? Tons of them. So upset
Takes a lot of battery to run..hopefully will be fixed soon.
Can't choose and upload photos from gallery, back to previous menu. Please fix it,,,thank you. With moto droid cm7.
Please make a tablet I'm sick of these phone app stretched out on the tablet.
Not able to pin from any sites, pined items shows as spam, not compatible with my other android version of Samsung 2.3.6 Fix it and get a 5 star
Shuts down after about 5 min on Android myTouch. Ghost runs other apps on my phone. Great when it works but can only use it for a few min before it makes my phone go nuts.
So glad android finally got a pintrest app but how come I pin something then go back to look at it its gone! And all the stuff I had pinned before the app are all gone aswell. Please fix then I'll give 5 stars.
Works great when it's working, but it wont open; either goes to force close or makes my phone restart. & when it works, only complaint is that it doesn't post the pin to my facebook. Fix please! I love pinterest!
The interface is very fluid from what I've seen so far, only problem is that it crashes my Motorola Photon after less than a minute of use and forces it to reboot. If this issue was resolved it would be 5 stars from me. Please fix this
It has crashed my phone every time I opened it. Uninstall. It would be cool if it worked tho.
It keeps trying to upload any pin forever. And it never uploads anything from the device or from another website. :-(
Good app before it wouldn't open.
I just downloaded the app today. It's so much easier to use compared to the mobile website. My only problem is that it continuously force closes. Fix that, and you've got a 5-star app!
Loads much slower than browser, cannot resize for phone, some features don't work
Browsing is ok buy feels sluggish with G Note. Also I cant Pin using the OS wide Share of Android. It just showed me the thumbnails and the Pin button and thats it.
You need to be able to pin from websites.  Also, it shuts my tablet off every time i try to repin something.
Looking at pins and repinning is great but still can't figure out how to add a new pin, not just adding a photo from the gallery or taking a photo. The browser is still easier
to slow loading and you cant see the pics. that well. I will upload it again when they make it better.
Pinterest is about sharing from the web, why can't I pin directly from the web then? :( everything else is alright
I can't pin or like things. I can look only. I'd rather go window shopping around town. Thank goodness I didn't spend money on this app....
I have no idea what it means by too many requests. This is the first time I've opened the app since downloading it. Also, the incorrect grammar is bugging me. "There has been too many requests from this address...." Please fix this!
I updated the app which is great, but now it shuts my phone off about every third time I open it.  It moves very slowly as well.  Please fix.
As far as the layout, I like it much better then pintrest Mobil. However, it will only load a few pins and that's it. It doesn't seem to matter if you give it time to load either. It just will not load pins past a certain point. Great concept for an app, but it needs work.
I love this app
The app keeps forcing close. I love pinterest, and I like the app...when it works. It's just very disappointing that I can't get it to open.
The app worked for me for about a day. After that I couldn't get it to open, kept giving an error and made me force close.
After five minutes of use, it freezes my phone then shuts it off completely. Very annoying! It would be a great app if it didn't keep doing this! I like the app because it let's me use the pinterest site but if it keeps shutting my phone off, I will uninstall it and never load it again! Please fix!
I had a different version (maybe not from Pinterest even though it said it was) and it loads much faster. Plus I love that the pins are only one larger picture across. That being said I do like the ease of searching. It needs to refresh to my home screen each time I log in,  too.
Takes way too long for the pictures to come on and I don't have the time to wait for it.
deleted within 5 min because it kept crashing and freezing my SGS2. Nice concept, poor execution.
I've been waiting forever for this app!  Now that I have it, it keeps foreclosing!  Please fix asap!
When the app works, it works great. Unfortunately, it doesn't work much. It constantly tells me there have been "too many requests" from my address. Hopefully this issue will be corrected soon.
I keep gettin error messages saying to many requests from my address. Never had this issue with the browser version!
Can't register .
The way its set up is really nice....it just keeps on force close on me....freezing up and slow too
Took ages for me to log in via facebook!
always crash while uploading on galaxy ace... please fix it..
Seriously, there is no way to create a new pin to a website! If all you do is repin its great but not much better than the mobile site. If you have a mind of your own and want to pin back to something on the web, it is useless.
Won't let me sign in.
The overall look and feel of this app is nice, however pinning is absolutely impossible. This works as follows: you select to share a page. The app then loads for ages, presenting you with all pictures on that page. You are supposed to tap on one and it takes you to your pinboard. Out of 4 times I have tried this, it failed twice. The third time it failed on the next step, pinning. Only once was I successful.   Phone: Galaxy S II
Constantly uploading...force close more than can take. Have taken off Phone,going to try again. Wish had options like computer,And a pinit button. Dont mean to complain i do love pinterest.
Love the flat UI design but without the ability of pinning from the web browser like on the desktop, it's underwhelming.
Have a serious fail in login after enter e mail and password appears a message that the server have a mild problem of hiccups. >\
Forcecloses on me too much, fix this...Moto Defy
Performance hit or miss. Sometimes take forever to load draining a ton of battery in the process... Pinning via share menu from Stock or Chrome Browser doesn't work. Have to download image and create pin from there, which destroys the back link. UI is decent though.  Also, is it even possible to create a board from the app itself?
After the update today I'm not able to connect to the server... I gave it 5 stars when it worked, now it's a tease and a crappy waste of space.
I click on the app and its trying to load. Nothing happens. It's so slow, but once it finally uploads; it's really cool.
I was excited to finally see this app, I downloaded it and tried to sign in. won't let me, says my connection does not work...I have perfect signal!! Uninstall!!!
Worked great until last update! :(
Since the last update the app won't work at all Samsung fallacy s2
Loading is not really working... Doesn't work so good for Galaxy Ace
Working perfect till update today ,,now can not get signed in because of network connection please try again message .  When will this be fixed? HTC HERO S. Works again It will be 5 stars.   I love love this app
App works great when I'm not sitting watching the little push pin rotate for 10 minutes, other than that its great... unusable.
Keeps saying the server cannot load or its having trouble loading. Looks awesome and I'm sad I can't use it.  When I go to pin something it just says loading.....so annoyed
I have an HTC inspire. Okay fix this please. I get an error or a sorry this pin has been labeled spam or... And it can't pin it. That's good but quit trying to pin it and give me the error message. Every few mins its trying to pin. Maybe give us the option to stop from pinning it. Anything.
This app locked my galaxy III.
I get ANRs when scrolling fast and the pictures update is choppy....
Takes up 250+MB just picking pics during the signup!
It takes more time to loading pics and requires more data usage so two stars only.
Doesn't have a tutorial.
Would give higher rating if I did not have to go click on the picture to repin. I want to be able to repin while scrolling. Please fix!!!
Takes tym to load..lotta tym
The pics take forever to load its quicker to just keep the site bookmarked and go on it.
No problems so far.  Love Pinterest!!!
I was so happy to finally have this app and then my bubble burst because half the time it won't load this app is slower then fb
On Newest update and can't pin from flipboard shows image selection and shows pin it on picture chosen but doesn't do anything past that. Go to 5* once it's fixed.
The interface is nice but, all of the pictures take forever to load. I should have just kept the old pintrest app I had before android.
Glad they finally made an app, but its soooo slow!
It's about time!! Photos load wayyy too slow :( make it run fasterrr
The app is cool but I am not going to wait 3 minutes for a few pins to load. I'm not using the app again unless they fix the speed.
Hard to sign up  ui is nice
But I can't login. Keeps saying server hiccup?? EVO 4g. Please fix so I can enjoy!
I can repin better than on the mobile site, but pics are verrry slow to load.  Keeps crashing.  Needs improvement.
Everytime I try to open it, it says too many requests from this address and try again later, too many requests. Im not sure what that means or why it does this on my android but I will continue to try and just use the internet until the problem is fixed.
I would rate it a 5 just for finally making it to Android, but I'm rating it a 2 simply b/c it's super slow at downloading the pictures! Hopefully that gets fixed fast!
Way too slow to load. Would rather view thru browser. And, hopefully a new pin feature isn't far behind.
This app takes forever to load images, and then they are too small. The mobile site is fast and makes better use of space, although it's a bit wonky for repinning. I hope this app starts getting updated ASAP. As it is, it's pretty disappointing.
Too slow, works much better on iphone
It won't let me sign in, longest case of the hiccups I've ever seen
Its so fun and lots of pics
Have been waiting forever for this Droid app, but I have yet to have it load. Please fix!
I agree this app looks promising, however the sharing from webpage does not get through the final "pin Sequence" from either stock browser or dolphin.  I tried on both my S3 and Samsung Galaxy Tab10.1.  Please finx this asap and this app will be perfect
I uninstalled this AP because the links don't work. You can repin but you can't open the links. The design is great and I love the layout but if it doesn't work I don't want it.
I can't log on through Facebook with my Samsung Charge :-( Im so excited about this app!!
ATRIX 2
I can't log in to look at stuff.
Will it show up on phone with other apps when I go to home screen or is it a different location
Excited to finally be able to browse my news feed from my phone but when I select an image to pin the 'pin it's button won't work.
Maybe there's a glitch with mine but I can't seem to change the name of boards.
Excited for the app, but isn't recognizing my login through twitter.
Ugh I really would give it 5 stars but it won't let me pin any pictures
Cannot sign up. The touch sensitivity on the picture selection page is too poor. I kept tapping the picture but it didn't select. Disappointed.
Creating a new pin or board is impossible . The minute you select a picture from your library and start typing a description , the window closes ; same with a new board . Pinning a link is impossible too , absolutely nothing happens when you try . All you can actually do is repin others' stuff which is not nearly as satisfying and it's almost pointless to install the app just for repinning .
This debug should be fixed soon. I cant pin new pic, wheter the blank screen everytime I tap the title.
The design if this app us good but the thumbnails load way too slow and they could be a bit bigger taking advantage of the realestate on the edges of the app.
The app looks great and is easy to use, but it takes too long for the pages to load.
I love pinterest, I love what I got to see of this app. It stops responding, forecloses, way TOO slow & it seems to have slowed my phone down :( please fix!!!!
The app is great. Runs smoothly. But...it drains my battery after only ten minutes and my phone gets incredibly hot even when I'm not signed into it. I might have to uninstall. :-(
I don't like that it only loads a couple of pins at a time. I like to scroll through. I spend hrs on pinterest looking at lots of pins. It shouldn't take hours to look at a few.
Takes for ever to load
I cannot contact support because it just keeps on loading. I've tried turning on my wifi, but it doesn't make a difference. I hope this issue can be addressed soon.
I cannot choose what board to pin my posts. It randomly selects where the post is placed and I cannot change that from the all!  I feel like app was thrown together and pushed out before the Pinterest folks were really ready from a tech standpoint.
So slow right now. Takes forever to download the page. Patiently waiting for the improved version.
I was so excited about this ap, but loading pics are SO slow! I don't know if I'm going to keep it if this isn't fixed soon.
Pins appear so small they're hard to read. Takes forever to load. You're better off just using your mobile internet browser instead of this app.
Can't login because of their stupid server issues!! So irritated! Hurry up and fix this!
I love the look of the app and it is very easy to use.  But in the first 5 minutes of using it, it crashed on me twice.
good design, perfect funcionality, but slow as hell. until speed equals website it is unusable.
I love Pinterest, but it's not working well on my galaxy note.. I will leave it installed, incase of updates!!!
Awesome except it's defaulted to automatically sending data to a 3rd party?!?! Wtf?!
Just downloaded to Samsung Infuse... Can't find way to add pins from websites, only photos from my phone? Lame.
Crashed repeatedly while trying to sign up. Page asking me to pick photos locked up. Even when it let me pick one I had to press it multiple times to get it to select.
Nice layout but it is sometimes too slow when loading pictures. Also, you hit the bottom of the scroll pretty quick...I don't think it shows all of the pictures.
Coool app but keeps force closing and when I go to report it googleplay force closes also. Please fix I enjoy this app other wise.
Not too happy. I just repinned and it added like 20 copies. Woah. Navigation could improve
I haven't been able to figure out how to create a new board :( anyone know? I don't have the "add" option....
Freezes up often. My phone too.
The pix are pretty slow loading but other than that it runs pretty well
Cant create pins from websites with multiple pictures. Please fix. -Samsung Galaxy Note
(Edit: The first app I've ever downloaded that continually makes my phone crash. Sadly, I'm too addicted to Pinterest to stop using the app, but I did go down to 3 stars! It didn't crash for the first week, but it's getting worse and worse!)  Fantastic! Amazing! Beautiful! Well worth the wait, i'm already in love with and obsessed with this app, I was pinning things 5 seconds after I downloaded it!! Very easy to use and easy to look at! Thank you for fueling my Pinterest addiction!! <3
If the app didn't lock up my phone 8 out of 10 times, it would get 5 stars.  I can hardly use it!!
It force closes a lot but when it is working it is great
There's a lot of bugs on my Droid X... Can't post anything... :\
Love this ap, but forcecloses all the time! Pleeaase fix!!
Constantly opens to an all white screen, freezes, then pops up the "force close" menu. It's a good start but needs some work. Also the option to move pics if you've accidentally pinned them to the wrong board.
Can't upload pin from gallery
Can somebody pls tell me how i can upload my profile picture?
Love the user friendliness of it, but stops working after awhile... just keeps thinking & thinking... & thinking. So that's a bugger. When it actually does work for longer than 10 minutes, love it!
Not bad but restarts my phone almost every time I open ap...
So happy to have android app finally. The idea is wonderful. The constant force closes are not. Fix it and it will get 5 stars then.
Fantastic app! Shame it keeps uninstalling itself and vanishing from my HTC desire HD :(
I had been waiting for this app to be available for Android. Love it. It does have a bug or two sometimes, but for the most part, works great.
I love the usability of the new app. Much better than the original iPhone version. My issue is that many of the links don't work. I then try yet same ones from the web version and works fine. I also liked how I could go immediately to the hosted site from the mobile web version, now it takes two steps. But again, looks great, and love all the other new features.
force close nonstop
Works well other than randomly restarting my phone when ever it feels like it. Have had a few force closes also.
Everytime i press continue to sign up it wont go!!!
Loved this app when I first got it but now, a week on, it's stopped working on my galaxy note. When I open it it just shows the loading icon and occasionally pops up a box saying 'Pin not found'.  I hope it gets sorted because when it did work it was a wonderful app and a great addition to Pinterest. Hence the 3 stars: I'll give it 5 when it works for me again!
Love that there is an app, but alot of my pins are appearing under my ”likes” and some difficulty uploading a pin. If fixes occur, will increase the stars.
It started out an ok app, now after the update it either force closes or freezes to the point it crashes my phone and shuts it off. Please fix this! Motorola ATRIX.
I love pinterest, but the app only seems to work when it wants to. Need to work on the bugs. When it does work it's phenomenal! Just need to work on consistency
This app is great but it regularly causes my phone to completely reboot. Really annoying!!!!
Stumble upon is a way cooler app when it comes to finding cool stuff on the web I suggest getting stumble upon before any thing else its an amazing app good for when you are bored
Galaxy S2 ...nothing but loading and error messages! Fix this...love some pinterest...
This application is set up perfectly for tablets. Havent tried it on my phone, and won't. Only problems I'm having 1.force closes too often 2. Need more pins to load in the categories. Love the swipe page left/right feature but it doesn't always work?? Overall great design and awesome functionality :)   Toshiba Thrive
Love it but not liking the limit of pins a day.. kinda sucks
I love pinterest but the app needs some work constantly force closing hard to load slow to load and is turning on and off my phone
So I have the Samsung Galaxy 2 and when I try to pin something from the web it does not do it.....uggh!!!
Allow tagging, fix it so we can pin new sites, and I'll give 5 stars.
Not what I expected all  Slow, clunky and not the intuitive app I expected.
I loooooove pinterest!  I couldn't wait to get the app for my droid. Now I am a little disappointed. It is limiting me on how many I can pin and how much I can look at. I have been leaving my app to go to my pinterest through my browser on my phone or on the computer. Those do not limit me. I hope this can be fixed because I do love pinterest!!!
I just got addicted and I love it! However is there's way to edit and delete boards on the app? I would love to see this option available so I don't have to go on the browser.
I love this app but 90% of the time it takes me several tries to get in as it freezes my phone. definitely addicting once you are in, I have already found and completed so many items on here
Takes wayyyyyyyy to long to load!! Uninstalling! Id rather just use the mobile site!
Cant Pin images from Share menu. Loads picture,video etc from create pin but wont let you pin it. Will rate 5 when fixed
I've been waiting for this..
I like the app. It just has a couple bugs to work out. The pics are slow to load&it force closes a lot. I feel once the bugs are worked out it will be great.
Now I can use Pinterest on my Nexus7! This is one of the all time best apps!
I love this app!! But I can't give 5 stars till the bugs are fixed..tells me I have reached my limit and to many request from my address!!! Please FIX!!!
Keeps forceclosing. If it didnt do that, it would be great.
After a few mins I get a message saying i've exceeded my rate limit.  You'll get 5 stars when its fixed.
while I love pinterest,  I find it extremely annoying that everything I click on something it tells me I have exceeded my requests...please fix and I will give 5
It wont let me click continue to make an account!!!:(
Was ok then I did the update. Now each time I go to open the app it isthe a white blank screen. Hit the back and home buttons and then it force closes. PLEASE fix! I love the app more than pinning on the laptop!
Love how the app runs, functions, and is layed out. Hate that my phone shuts off every single time I use it. Unfortunately it isn't much use to me if my phone is off.
I was super excited at first when I saw they finally had an app, but you can only reppin, like or comment and the pictures take forever to load.  Im thinking of just uninstalling and just using the mobile app it works better
As previously mentioned, unable to pin from any browser.  Just sits there after choosing the image to use.  It also seems quite slow when trying to pin from the browser.  Takes forever to load the page info.  Otherwise I like what I see so far.  Please fix!  Transformer TF201 with ICS
I'm delighted to be able to run an official Pinterest app, and I'll be tickled pink when I can scroll through my stream without the app randomly closing down.
Pins load extremely slow! Fix it please! Didn't have a problem with anything else.
Does get hung up after you click on the link to where the pic came from on website. But its a great app!
Can't pin via browser. Thumbs are not selectable. GS3.
good
I am so glad that you have the app available but it eventually crashes and shuts off and rebooted my entire phone! Its very disappointing as I never know when it will happen....after once of twice I quit coming back. Every day for the past few days it's been this way. Please fix this!
Wish it would load faster. Takes too much time.
But won't let me create a new pin, it gets hung up on choosing the photo. Please add a widget.  I've been using gallery plus for awhile, this interface is relatively equivalent. I do wish that it would auto return out of pin details once I repin. Samsung galaxy S3
I really like how easy it is to pin with this app, but the pictures load way to slow
I love the design and layout. But I can't keep it open long enough to really enjoy.
It won't allow me to create pins from sites which kind of sucks cuz then I can only repin others stuff. Would also be nice to just edit your pins. Instead of having to repin on your own boards when you want to move a pin. Be great if these were fixed.
Love this on my incredible, but I can only view the catagories I choose when I open a pintrest account.
From what my wife showed me, I'm impressed
I love it when I can use it. By the time I pin things from the people I'm following I hit the rate limit. This HAS to be fixed! I can go 2 days not using it and get on...within 30 minutes I'm shut out again!
I dont have to register on the website, why would you make me before I use this app?
Repinning is a joy on this app. Unfortunately certain features are missing. I've bot yet found a way to add or edit boards and pins. Shame.
Can't even get into sign up.
Tried to download and sign up... But it toke a lifetime. May try again later... Seems like a fun app.
I love it when it works. It irks me when it force closes my Motorola ATRIX.  Im very annoyed and will be happy when you fix this bug.
Love this app but it runs slow and makes my battery hot after a few minutes
When it works it's great.Lately it keeps foreclosing on me.
I loved it at first, but now its lagging and crashes!!
Pictures could load faster...
I love this app, it is AMAZING. I only have one complaint, it won't let me connect to my facebook account to find friends.
Love using this app sucks pictures take forever to load and now every time I try and use the app my screen goes white and my phone powers off and resets!
This app is great when it works. Most of the time I get an error that says "there has been too many requests" about something. Grammatical errors aside, it's annoying that the app rarely works. Hopefully this will get better.
This app is okay, but it needs a way to pin NEW pins from my browser, not just repin and pin pics from my camera!
Can we get a place to put URLs when you upload a pin...Every once in a while you can't upload photos with pin, it acts like it is loading but never does. More stars when bugs are fixed.
I was excited for the app, but it takes forever to load. Sometimes it will just force close. I don't see all of my pins and likes. I usually end up going to website. Hopefully this will get fixed.
Love this app, however, having trouble pinning from website. I can select the pic to pin but then nothing happens.
This app would be fantastic if it let me upload a pin. It seems like it refreshes everytime you click to upload a photo.
Has to Foreclose alot!  Very aggravating finding Pin it shuts down & having to start all over again!!!  Please fix.
Pin from browser is an epic fail! Other then that it's great.
When I first downloaded the app it worked GREAT. now, it takes forever to load any pins, if at all, and has started crashing my phone every time I try to open it. Will try re-installing but hopefully any bugs will be fixed soon! I know im not alone in needing this app!!!!
It's a good app.but make it easier to pin stuff. Like one touch button....
Love it for browsing but I can not repin so what's the point?
Worked ok first time, but keeps force closing before it even opens.
When there is something that pintress doesn't like it won't,load it, but it will try over and over again forever yo load it, with no way of stopping it...fix that.
Browsing is ok buy feels sluggish with G Note. Also I cant Pin using the OS wide Share of Android. It just showed me the thumbnails and the Pin button and thats it.
This app is great except for the force closing issue. It will force close about 50% of the time when I go into the app.
Says I've already downloaded it but i can't find it on my phone. Please help.
Was so happy to finally get this app... using PINTEREST itself online works great but making pins from my mobile browsers (Opera and Chrome) have been a nightmare... Still work to be done methinks
Sometimes it shuts my phone down...and keeps saying ive exceeded my limit?? Whats that about? Other than that i love it!!!
Keeps crashing and force closing! It's great when its working, but force closes way too much!!
It fries my phone. :(
Thank you Pinterest for finally catering to Android users too. I've been waiting for this app! But after using it for a few hours, I'm disappointed that I can't seem to pin from web browsing, or fully edit or create new boards. Great start, please develop further.
When using for longer than 5 minutes phone will shut down and restart.
When I go to websites, hit share and pin it, it does nothing! I see the "pin it" button on the pic but touching it does absolutely nothing. Please fix! I can pin if I save pic to my phone but it's pointless if ppl can't see what site I got it from.
I love the app but after update force closes and turns my phone off. I need my phone to stay on... it's m. for me until a new update fixes this issue. :(
Reboots my phone. Alot. My Photon is very stable & will rarely force close. Until now. Thanks for finally making an android app. I signed up for Pinterest b/c of this app. Hope you can fix this.
This app is lightning fast if you are repinning from the site but the biggest problem has always been pinning from web pages and this is still a buggy mess. Sometimes I can but most of the time it fails. Please please fix this issue!
I will wait till I have had it a bit to give higher marks.
... And then reinstall after the update. Waste of time. But a good app so far.
It needs the edit and delete pin and boards option and also the option to add a pin from the internet. But overall it's easy to use.
Nice app but it needs a lot of polishing. I cant even upload a profile picture! It also freezes sometimes during browsing.
Love the app when I can actually look at things. After about two minutes of opening it always says I've exceeded my rate limit or that too many requests have come from my address. Will give 5 stars when fixed
It would be great if the pictures didn't take so long to load. I keep just giving up and going to the mobile site (which isn't letting me pin right now, urgggg!). And also if I could pin from websites, that's the whole reason I was excited to see an app and it doesn't even have that feature :(
The app crashes a lot especially after I switch to another app and switch back. Have to restart phone to get the app working again.
App looks great so far, but when in another app and select share then pinterest, then select what I want to pin, but will not pin.  Using Samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0.  Pls fix
After the update, the app randomly restarts my phone. By the looks of other reviews, I'm not the only Motorola Photon user with this problem...overall, I have been anticipating and hoping for this app for a long time and it doesn't disappoint, other than the phone restarts, of course!
Awesome!
What's up with all the "You've exceeded your likes"? Am I limited on this app?
I'd been waiting for an Android app but this is just so-so. Hopefully it will get better soon.
Keeps forceclosing
Love the interface, but wow,this should be a beta version. Functionality needs some major work.  -Can't upload pin when selecting pic from device gallery. Just goes back to the gallery after clicking pic to pin. -Can't pin from sites in browser with multiple thumbnail images to select. Once thumb is clicked nothing happens.  -Throws constant toasts saying various types of confusing errors  & only stops by manually killing the app.
Runs smoothly on Galaxy S3, but lacks integration with the native browser and the non existing "pin it" button.
Loving pinterest.
It finally let me login, and it mostly works. I have to kill the application and reopen it constantly to get things to work. Very slow. Force closes a lot. I love Pinterest, but the app needs improvement
It works great for my droid that has ice cream sandwitch. But it doesn't work for my Samsung galaxy tablet that also has ice cream sandwich... wish it did it is an awesome app!
Update said it was an invalid package. Hard to scroll through as it seems to take forever to load the next items.
Finally!
Nice platform..
I've had more "hiccups" with the mobile version than actually  using this app.  Droid x2
This app is SO much better than the pinterest mobile website! However, when I tried to click on a link, it said, "there has been too many requests from your device." Not really sure why it says that, but I think I'm more disappointed in the grammar error. It should say, "there HAVE been too many requests" instead. But I really wish it would say neither and just work.
Can't even load since the update, please fix. Was good until this...
But laggy, slow. Beta? I dont know how to rechoose categories. Need much improvment - Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P3100
Well, the comments do seem fantastic, but it doesn't work that well on the HTC one v. Its quite laggy and buggy, and sometimes it take forever to load. Other times, you can't log in. Sometimes no pictures appear and connection errors are frequent. Anyways, it does seem to have a lot if potential in it.
Keeps closing
Needs a feature that allows you to update your profile picture in the app. Thanks.
Much faster than using the web on my tablet. Repinnning within  Pinterest is simple and fast. However, I am unable to create Pins to share from any website.  Using Dolphin browser.
Finally! Been waiting for this! But can't edit boards or add pins straight from web with this thing, so -2 stars.
So far so good ...
It was working for me just fine and now it won't let me log in?! What's the deal?!
Ok
Needs more options to move, create, add, etc..
At first it was working and I can login...had to uninstall and when I reinstalled it I can't login...keep saying "no internet connection"...but it's fine..fix it
It has not been able to load at all today after an update makes me upset
I love having this app because now I can pin anything I see on the web from my phone. I like the mobile site's lay out and look better though and the app takes much longer to load. So it has some improvement to make but I'm so happy to have an app for it. period.
Had to force close before the update but now it wont even load anything! Love it other than that!!
The title says it all.  This app is just as slow and sluggish as my facebook app. Ok concept, but the sluggishness will keep me from using it too often.
I was so happy to see the Android app. I have become flustered at how slow it takes to load pins. Much faster on mobile website. Hope to see improvements soon to app or else I'll be deleting it.
Its just not working right. It just shows loading screen and when you finally do get something and click to go to the original page its from, it just loads and freezes up i can't even back out of it. But its pintrest ya know i love it anyways!
after update won't load please fix Samsung galaxy blaze
Wouldn't allow me to log in.
Worked great then updated an now wont load at all!! please fix!!
When I first installed the app on my phone today, it worked perfectly good but now that it updated I can't log in. I have an HTC Vivid, please fix I was so happy that you guys finally made an app for this and now I can't use it.
Love pinterest but this app is too slow!
I was SO happy to see that that was finally an android app but I don't use it. It takes WAY to long for the items to load. It seems they don't until you scroll down. I also like the one item width thats on the website version. Two items you just can't see the pictures as well. And it is a image based network.
Worked great this morning! I live it, but now I can't get it to load. Keep getting an error message. :/ Would love this app but can't use it unless it loads!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Pinterest and was sooo excited to finally have an app but it takes forever to load if it even does load... I'm bummed and I hope the issue gets fixed soon! If so I would totally give this app 10 stars!
Why the app makes me upload more than one?
Having trouble using "find friends on Facebook".  Signed in with email, then connected FB.  Posting to FB doesn't seem to have a problem, but the find friend menu just has a pop up "can't connect to Facebook.". Signing in and out  had no affect even when using FB login.  GNexus ICS VZN
Needs zoom on image, the ability to rearrange albums and a menu system that is tied in with the asthetics of the actual app. Does all the other things fine. Just need to iron out some creases to get more than 3 stars.
need to improve share to g+. pics shouldn't be links but big nice pics.	it also takes too many clicks to get to MY list.
I would give it a five because I'm just happy to finally have the app but it is super slow and half the time I can't load more than a few pictures and then have to wait several minutes. Keep trying Pinterest!
I click the thumbnail and the Pin It button shows up. Click that and nothing happens. Problem persists after latest update.
I installed it but was disappointed with the lack of functionality and awkward interface. I look forward to trying it again when some of the suggestions seen here are implemented. My request - an easy way to repin to a specific board...
I love Pinterest but the app is slow
So happy this app finally came out. Makes my day so much easier.
Finally android app, but when I try to pin a video from YouTube, I can't, it's just stuck and I don't get any options to do anything.
Ive been waiting forever for an android app. Unfortunetly I'm not impressed, so far ive noticed that the pictures load at an incredibly low speed. I have a really fast Internet connection and find myself going back to my web browser to pin because its so slow and frusterating! Please fix!!!
Takes too long to sign in mine is still trying to!!!
Mobile Web version loads pictures faster.
Takes forever to load each pin, but I like how easy it is to repin/like. Great layout, will get a better review if they load faster
Everything else is great but i cant creat a new pin, it shows the poc then automatically goes to homw without posting
I love that the Pinterest app is finally here for android, but it's so slow-- even on my 15 x 2 wifi. :-(
The screenshots seem promising. Unfortunately, it takes me forever to logged in and it keeps saying "the server is experiencing mild hiccups ". Would u guys fix this problem? Thanks.
I cant add a clickable link under foto like it is possivle at the desktop version of pinterest.com. Please fix it!
I wish it gave the option to change pins to different boards like the pc version does though.
Sad that it takes long to load and that there's no easier way to pin/like without pulling up individual pics...
App is great. Its just realllyyyy slow.
Its set to post to my timeline but its not.
It keeps telling me ive used all the allowed data for the site after about 5 minutes of use... Im on wifi. However I do love the look and feel of the app...
Pics take way to long to load :( Please fix then I will be happy!!
Glad for the app but needs a way to create a new board using app please!!
The app takes so long to load the pins. The online mobile version is faster. I'll continue to use the website.
It needs to have only one column instead of two like on the mobile browser & it is slow!  Other than that it's great! :)
Finally on android!!! It's too bad that the pics take forever to load! I think I'd rather just use the mobile site. BUT I'm hoping it gets faster!!!
I'm so super excited to finally have an official pinterest app! Then I was kind of disappointed because it loads so SLOWLY! But yay progress!
I love pinterest but I cannot enjoy the new app on my tablet. Samsung galaxy 10 please fix :'( it won't let me sign in
Like the added functionality over the mobile site. Mine won't connect to Facebook though. Also pictures load F. A. R.    T. O. O.    S. L. O. W!!!!!!!
Glad to finally have it, but it just takes so long to load photos.
Love that pinterest finally came to androids! But it either takes to long to load or wont load at all!! Would be great if we could see the pictures!
Pics take forever to load ..Pls fix
Pictures are taking forever to load, otherwise I would give 5 stars.
I LOVE PINTEREST! FINALLY ITS AVAILABLE for android! The pics take forever to load and i cant save them to my phone which really sucks.
dark theme would make AMOLED screen last much longer and would make Pinterest interface easy on the eyes for browsing in dark room
Every time I try to pin, it spaz's out and goes back to things already pinned by others... it won't let me pin:-(
Uses A LOT of battery.
It takes so long to load and it seemed to make my whole phone slower
Finally
Which is more to say than the mobile site. But the photos are too small, would like an option to have just one column to get them bigger. And also on the profile page it doesn't tell you when someone followed or repinned you. But a good effort, finally.
The app forces a close every time I try to upload a photo from my phone. Glad it is on Android though.
I like this app better than the old one but it's a little slow to load pins sometimes
Waaaaayy too slow loading images. Loads one every 30 seconds or so. Needs to be fixed
Works pretty well but can't choose which board you want to pin to.
Every time I try to log in through my Facebook on my tablet, (Acer iconia a100), the message keeps saying that the server is having issues... I tried logging in on my phone, there were no problems... fix please!!!
It takes too long to load images.  I don't want to wait and watch a bunch of spinning circles.  It's super annoying.
It is a very nice app and much needed for my obsession with this website but all the pins took way too long to load so I got impatient
Good, but seems rushed. slow, unresponsive at times and a bit too teensy on a Nexus S screen.
I downloaded and installed, very excited but... It is great to see and pin others' pins, but what we really need is an UI that allows us to pin our own pins from the web sites we are surfing.  The pin feature only allows you to pin a picture (either downloaded already to your phone our take one then).   What is the point? The UI to look at those you follow is great tho, so I totally expect great updates in the future.
HTC Rezound Just got this yesterday.  I like being able to "Share" to Pinterest but gosh does it "hang" with before the option of the board and comments box pop up.  Also, when I tried to see a pin via Internet (vs Pinterest) I got a "Page Not Found error.  FIX THIS ERROR...WTF!
Was super happy to see this app for Android, finally! However, pins take forever to load and can't load more pins once I reach the bottom of the page. Fix those two things and this app will definitely get 5 stars!!
It looks and performs way better on iOS. Jelly bean will fix that though whenever Verizon gets around to pushing updates  out.
I love that we now have a Pinterest app for Android, but am frustrated with how the repinning process works. The tap process is so light that I almost didn't discover it.
Looks great but the pictures take forever to load.  It's easier just to pull it up on my browser.  Good try.
I love Pinterest, but honestly the pins pull up 10x faster running it through the mobile site. Hope that gets fixed.
I prefer the mobile site version because you can view pins one at a time with a larger thumbnail and  without having to wait for each one you select to load. I probably won't be using the app much.
I'm so glad there is an app now but still takes forever to load even on wifi
Good ,,.,,, But some issues with touch sensitivity :(
Poor loading of images and i cannot seem to edit my profile whatsoever.  Not what i was looking forward to for the last year.  :/
been waitin so long for this thanks! only thing it is very slow at loading photos even when i have full signal wifi. have to wait a few mins to load a page/photo
Love it but not able to repin things, keeps taking me to Facebook :(
Can't add a board
Nice its on android now, but runs a little slow. Even on good wifi connection.
Where is the add button, would like to add photos directly from.my phone, either don't know how or function is not there.
Very nicely designed but still a bit buggy like the website, and the images take forever and a day to load
After awaiting so long pinterest on android. Like it
Beautiful design... just soooooo slow loading any of the pins!
Its a nice helpful app , i use it everyday . The only problem is that it takes forever to upload the images !!
Glad to have the app, finally! However, it takes soooo long for the pictures to load! SLOW! I'd rather just use the mobile site.
Was excited to finally see the app available....bout time! Installed it but its so slow I can't even use it. Booooooo
The display is beautiful and better than iPhone app. However, I can't actually pin. The option is there and the pin icon shows up when I tap the pic. But it doesn't actually pin to my boards. Once that's fixed, it will be a 5 star app for me
Force closing all the time please fix!
I was so happy wen i seen this!! Been waiting for it to come to the market! But its so slow at loading! Needs fixed!!!
It worked the first time I signed in but not now. It tells me there are to many requests. Please please PLEASE fix this!
Not sure what to think about it so far
So I'm happy the app is finaally available but its taking forever to load boards and new pins when scrolling. Will review again if this is ever fixed.
A little slow and I'd rather the images show in one column rather than two, but over all happy with it.
Still got some uploading pin bug. Please fix
Only issue so far is how slow it is. Really is getting kind if annoying. EVO
I was so excited when I saw that there was finally a Pinterest app for Android. But I was very disappointed in it. The pictures take forever to load. Ive had the app open for at least 15 min and they still havent all loaded. Unless this is fixed soon I will be deleting and just going to Pinterest on the web.
Good app,only a bit slow when loading images, hope it gets better!
When I first downloaded the app this morning it worked wonderfully . Now for some reason it won't load the categories or my home page . Driving me crazy because I am hopelessly addicted !
Looks great, but pics take forever to load.
Very Pinteresting Works as promise. The only issue is, I can't repin pictures, whenever I tap the trouble button, it seems to connect to Facebook and it takes forever to load. Also loading of images are too slow. 3 stars  Discover, collect, and share inspiration Pinterest lets you organize and share all the beautiful things you find on the web. People use pinboards to plan their weddings, decorate their homes, and organize their favorite recipes.  Best of all, you can browse pinboards created by other people. Browsing pinboards is a fun way to discover new things and get inspiration from people who share your interests.
Takes too long to load but other than that it is ok
Overall, I like the layout of the app although I think a couple of improvements could be made. First off, the pins load very slowly for my phone, though that may be an issue with my phone in particular. The other suggestion would be to allow images to be pinned from the main page instead of having to open them up to pin them. Otherwise, I love the layout and how easily navigable it is. So glad to FINALLY have an app for this!
So glad there's finally a pinterest app for Android! But... I wish pinning was easier and faster
Finally! I love the friendly interface and the easy way to add new pins. The older app (pintrest for web or smth) was just annoying! But please please please fix the image loading problem,it takes ages!!!
"Our server is expiriencing a mild case of the hiccups"... my tablet versions is giving me this message at the beginning ... please fix it. My mobile version is working great!!!
App looks great but pics take forever to load
Can not pin YouTube videos from app. A white box comes up with video preview image but does not let me progress, can't pin video or select board to put it on. Otherwise a great app so far.
Soo excited android has pintrest
Not as good as the Apple version. Harder to navigate and is slow loading pins. Other than that, pretty good. Glad to finally have one for the Android!
Glad that android has the app but the slow load times bring it down. Runs ok on gingerbread
Waiting this app
can not install.. hikss.. :(
Would give it 5start if it used up less ram....  It uses almost 25mb of ram while not in use
When trying to pin from Twitter or my personal photo gallery, I get "invalid image data"  then pinterest keeps trying to pin the same pin over and over while generating the same error. Logging out is the only way to stop it.
Thanks for the app so much nicer to pin on the go. The app can be pretty laggy though and has forced closed on me already.
Just needs to load pins a little faster and also the ability to load more pins automatically when you reach the end of a page while browsing instead of going back to home and starting over to refresh  would be a big plus when updates come around. After using I have found that it keeps force closing. Such a bummer cause I really had high hopes! otherwise a+ app..its about time. Great layout sharp pictures.
I'm so glad to finally have this app! It works pretty good, but is very slow loading pics, and force closed when I tried to view a pin.
What took so long?
I totally love this Pinterest app! It is everything I thought it would be and more!
And why do you need my GPS?!  nice interface, but interface isn't everything. Pictures load slowly also. UNINSTALLED until you fix the GPS access capabilities.
The mobile site is faster and more user friendly. Key issues- 1. Loading of multiple users little photos is time and download waste. 2. Need to be able to pin from search page like mobile site.  Having seen ipad app its sad android is treated like a poor cousin. Glad we finally got an app, but seems like its an android app, just for apps sake.
No option to edit your own boards
As far as I can tell still no way to pin from mobile browser... If I can 'read it later'  why can't I pin it... Nice looking application but functionally similar to using the mobile website...
So happy its herrre!
Good app
I'm curious on how to pin from websites. It's a little slow and had a few force close issues but I'm interested in getting to know it better.
One star off for slowness (slower than mobile website for me) and one for when I navigate away from the app and click it again, it goes back to the category list. I want the page to load but I don't want to stay on the app while it does. I do like the cute icons for the categories.
Before I can even finish signing up. Running BB 4.1.
Thrilled for this android version!! Note account settings don't display correctly.
Had real high hopes for this app.. waited so anxiously! It's great that is here now but even on 4g and wifi is real slow to pull up.
A little cliche on the follow un follow status after back button
Love the new UI
I love pinterest.
Best app to be made. In addicted. Except for the odd freezing
Really like.
This app is better than the other one that sent you Spam. Only complaint is that the pictures are to small. Make them a single column and full screen
I've been waiting for this app for a while and I'm relieved it has pretty much all the functionality of the website. Thank you!
great work...  expecting more improvements in next updates :)
Only prob it has to force close often otherwise im hooked!
It want let me pick witch board I want to put my pins
So much more functionality than the mobile web version. I love it! Some bugs, but I haven't experienced anything major so far.
Cupid
Love that there's finally an official app, but there are still a few kinks to be worked out. Such as every time you tilt the screen, it refreshes the page &goes all the way back to the top. Also it'd be cool if they let you edit your pins or post from open browser pages like you can do online.   Other than those three things, I'm very happy with the app!
Pinterest itself is the best idea in the world. The Android app is overall a great piece of work. There are a few things I'd like to see changed, like being able to edit your "About Me" profile and things like that. But honestly I prefer perusing Pinterest via my app than on my PC!
Is found here!
Finally!! It has pretty much everything that I need. Pictures load relatively quickly. Good deal!!
Nice app but I'd prefer one column with bigger images as opposed to two columns. Pics are too small in the two column format.
Its about time. No quirks so far. Personally I don't seem to be missing anything. Loving it!
LOVE having a mini pinterest on the go. Much simpler than trying to use the site on mobile, but -1 star since you can't edit previous pins you posted and sometimes it force closes or freezes, but the awesomeness of finally having this app makes the freezes seem like a mere annoyance.
Random pics download to my phone....I don't get that. Otherwise perfect app!
But frustrated because it keeps freezing.
So happy to have an app for android. Just could be quicker when loading.. love love
Works good force close every now and then. (Could be my phone though.) But I like it better than the one on the computer.
Just wish I could see comments in my notifications and be able to change profile pic.
Love it. Super happy. Only issue is on occasion it doesn't load. I wait a lil and then try again. Fix please!
Still the smart apps ever...
App works good, no problem with bugs but have some trouble pinning.  Motorola Droid Razr
Missing editing your pins and trouble pinning from the internet, keeps loading...very discouraging.
I love this app it keeps m favorite website at my fingertips my only complaint is that it refreshes slow sometimes but other than that it is perfect and a pinners dream come true so much better than facebook app....LOVE LOVE LOVE
I love how user friendly this app is. The only thing is it wont let me upload pictures, but i do love that feature :) .
I love the idea of this on the computer.I'm glad to finally see there's an app too now! B-)
Some problems with sharing some pages.
Very happy that android has an App now. Works great. Easy to navigate.
Addicting!!!
Totally addicted before the app! Now can't stay off my phone!
Forces closed all the time.
I would love it if you could see the pins one at a time and be able to like/repin them without going to a separate screen like in the mobile website. However, still very impressive.
I was so excited when I saw the Pinterest app for Android! However, every time I get on the app, which is multiple times a day, my phone restarts. It only restarts when I am on the app. I don't know why it seems to do this but it is extremely aggravating! If it is a problem on your end, please try to fix it! Absolutely love the app, but am tired of my phone shutting off while I am in the process of "pinning!" Also, it has been force closing a lot lately as well. Thanks.
I so glad that they had this for my phone
Needs more editing features... bit lovely on my nexus tablet
Its amazing! And so easy to navigate!!! Its about time! I love this site!
I absolutely love the Pinterest App. Its all I ever do with my free time. I don't even get on Facebook anymore cause i'm always on Pinterest. BUT ever since I upgraded it, it always forecloses and its so frustrating. Fix that and I'll give it the 5 stars it deserves
So glad to see an android app....have been using the download from the site that had a lot of glitches.  I love the layout and would be great to be able to add and edit boards directly on the app.  Also some great functions would be to be able to pin directly from the web, search for items within your boards and create sub-boards under your boards for greater organizing.
Great app but if we could edit our boards like change the names and such I would definitely give it a strong 5 stars. Thank you for finally bringing it to android it has been long awaited.
Love it
Its a Pinterest app... what's not to love?!? But actually a way to edit your pins and boards would be nice!
Something close to the original slick site! Good job!
Much easier to use than mobile site.
The only problem I have is that if you don't use the back button to exit you have to refresh the page when you open it.
If i could edit my pins on here it would be five.
I had been waiting for this app to be available for Android. Love it. It does have a bug or two sometimes, but for the most part, works great.
...when uploading pin from gallery it keeps re-uploading it infinitely flooding my pin board without stop till uninstall then reinstall
The only annoyance I have is the little pop up that keeps coming up after I post something, that goes away before I can read two words
So addicting, just keeps force closing lately :-(
Overall great app. I have had the app freeze up and powercycle my phone a few times, but other than that it has the same functions as the website. Motorola photon
I love this app but it keeps freezing and un responds of.. hope glitches get fixed ¥droid 3
Best ideas and very creative!
Finally it's for androids now!!!!
An app
Glad there is finally an app for my android phone! It works great on my HTC EVO 4G! Easy to search, browse, and repin things! Some aspects I like even more than the actual site on my computer! (the ease of navigation from my own boards, to my friends' pins, and then to the individual categories) Only thing I don't like is that I can't tag people in pins. Hopefully that feature will be available soon?
It's pretty good, but sometimes, it pins something twice to three times, when I only pinned it once. And it blacks out sometimes, and I have to wait for it to come back up. But, it's okay. Fix the errors, and you'll get your precious 5 stars.
I'm addicted. Its a great app with only a few bugs here and there.
I have been waiting for this app to hit the android market!! Nothing better than Interest on the go!
I really like this app
Great app, but I am VERY disappointed that the pins are displayed so small in a 2-column format. Would love to see larger pins in a single column, swiping to see the next.
When i open it, the screen is blank & white. FIX PLEASE! I'm having withdrawls o.O lol
But cannot pin a picture from the phones gallery.
Haven't had any issues but would love to be able to edit and organize my boards through the app. Will give 5 stars when able to do tht. Thanks. Wish it came out sooner. Bit glad it's out now. Plenty of room for improvement.
Love this app!!!
It would be nice to be able to go to the top of the page by clicking something, instead of scrolling... Other than that it's awesome...
Love it!!!
With the exception that a lot of the same pins kept displaying when searched, this app works great. No problem repinning or loading any pins. Good job!
I'm addicted... would be a 5 but the phone gets very hot, and my battery flies. Sometimes it force closes. But other than that one of my favorite apps.
App runs well
I love the interface on the app super user friendly and seemly quick... but I agree with a fellow pinner this should be the beta test version. It will not open or load the majority of the time and definitely has a few other bugs to fix.
I was so excited to finally see a Pinterest app for Android. App works pretty well on my Sony Tablet & Xperia Play. However it freezes a lot with no recourse. It's an app so I don't expect it to function the same as the website, but there is some definite room for improvement...overall a great start!
I am so excited about Pinterest being on Droid now! It looks great! But when I am on it more than 10 minutes, it crashes and I have to force close. Please fix with next update!
I love this app...it has a couple of issues with loading at times but for the most part its great.
Its gud....but nt the best..
I really like this app. For the most part it works good, its faster than in browser, I can create pins from websites, create boards etc. The only thing I don't like is that it will fairly often not let me get on, saying there is two much coming from my address or I've exceeded my rate limit, sometimes when I havent even been on it. However it does work pretty good apart from that.
I'm da-shortbus
When its working its awesome! But i keeps closing out and turning off my phone
I love your app, but after about 10 minutes it's constantly saying my limit has been reached. Please fix this ASAP !!!
Just missing the "Edit" function.
So glad it's finally here
Excellent first impression. Can upload and create new pins with photos from gallery and just taken. Loads quickly. Pretty smooth. My only issue so far is not being able to upload a video to the app. Def worth 4 stars as it is.
Finally pinterest for dorid... Was badly waiting for this...
I had been waiting for the app for a good while as Opera Mini mangles the website and makes certain actions impossible.  The app however works great. I have had no major problems ( it's a tad slow but thats probably my phone) and the interface is intuitive and good looking.   Hopefully it wont grow in size with each update and start my phone complaining about space. (I'm looking at you Google Maps & Instagram....)
Would be 5stars except every other time i open it "fails" and force closes. Otherwise it would be 5 stars.  So easy to use. I have a samsung infuse.
What i've been waiting for. Love the inyerfave. But indtable, and van crash if I scroll too fast.
About time they have app for this
Yay, last update loads pix faster. Please make repinning take fewer steps. Love having this!
We all need to understand that it's just come out. Of course it won't be perfect. As for myself, I have a Droid incredible 2. Everything so far has been great however when I'm looking at pins it takes a few seconds to actually load. Gets frustrating at times. But other than that, great app! Thanks!!
good concept but sometimes when open it just white, blank screen. looking forward to fix and update. anyway thx dev. i love this app. 5stars when fixed.
Lovie it..but it still loads too slow...but i am keeping it. I Am Hooked
Love this app...works very well and pretty fast. The only complaint I have is that when I go to look at my "likes" it shows my pins instead, please fix!
I love pintrist it gives me tons of craft ideas and deserts and hair dos i love it
Love it...been waiting for an app.
Works wonderfully on my phone, with the exception that when I look at the pins I've marked as "like", after a few pins (~10) it just starts to show me the things I've pinned on a board instead
hope dat all errs it gives on my droid gets fixed
Very good project
Works perfectly fine! Been waiting for this for quite a while. Thanks. Keep it up.
It is working great for my galaxy s2 with ICS 4.0.3..!!
This app is everything i hoped it would be! Much better than trying to use the mobile version which would not let me repin for the life of me. The only thing is that it crashes my phone and causes it to reboot. It could just be my phone having a melt down from my millions of repins and likes...but no other app has crashed my phone before. I still love this app though!! 2 thumbs up!
The interface is great but needs to be faster
speed: Load pin quickly, smooth scholling. Funcion: like a beta, not same on pc
I Love it,. It Crashed a  couple time,  but nothing Major... It Works Really well on my Samsung Galaxy SIIX. Thanks :)
Works so much better on my tablet than the mobile website ever did! Love it!
been waiting for so long! using note, cant find any bug yet. keep it up!
Its good but taked to long to load and my phone gets SUPER HOT!! but it is a useful app so.... ( :
I had created an account but was reluctant to use in desktop version, as I am always out and about. so social software should be created for mobile ideally. Computers are for work only I say socially apps smart phone only.
8/20 never had a problem logging in on my  razr--This is what I've been waiting for! And one of the first 100 downloads :)
Great app. Much better than the other pinterest app
So far very fast, smooth and easy to use... Well done for the devs! Need an option to rename the boards....
Niceone
(Revised Review) okay so I was really excited about this app. I have had for a bit now and while everything works great the app is murderous to my battery and just spending five minutes on it makes it overheat. I dont have alot of apps so this is quite annoying. It is also a bit slow with uploading images. Otherwise amazing and glad to have app. Just hope they update.
Sometimes the images load slowly, even when connected to capable WiFi. Works well; clean interface,simple and straight forward to use.
Force close....boo
Having fun pinning
Works great so far!
I've been waiting forever for an android app from pinterest! Had a lot of issues at first with error messages about reaching a limit, etc. but since the update I've had no problems (knock on wood)!
Looks great on my Galaxy Nexus. Not tablet optimized but looks good enough and is smooth.
Great ideas! Favorite app!
LOVE this app!! However now I'm getting a message that there have been too many requests from my address....is this a bad thing????
Images take a long time to load, even with 4G and wifi.  UPDATE: Images appearing much quicker after last update. Just wish I could edit description on things I've already pinned.
Finally.....
Love re-pinning, fast, & easy. Now, I just want a pin button for my mobile browser & I will be seriously in trouble :-)
Once i make it to the end of the page it wont load more pins.....
Great app so far. Hoping they add a widget to see the last few(?) pins! :)
Its about time!
Needs to load more pins while searching
Finally! Been waiting for this app for months. Much easier than the desktop site. Thank you
I love that you finally came to android! I have a problem getting the message saying I've reached my limit and the app won't come on. I've tried killing my tasks and clearing my memory with no luck. Please fix. I pin a lot then go back and review later. I can't even view my boards.
Very good app, but i would LOVE the ability to save the pictures i like to my phone
Works great, a little slow, but definately tops the mobile site! If only the app allowed me to tag in descriptions and edit boards. Also, it force closes a bit. Other than that, awesome!
I started using pinterest because you guys did such a great job with this app.
I love this app, I have been waiting for it for a long time;  but I wish you could edit your pins.
But could it be bigger? Maybe the option for single column instead of two for the visually challenged?  Otherwise, sooooo glad there is an app now and very streamlined and sleek at that.
It works great. Love it. The only thing i dont like is it wont let me post on Facebook. Other than that its terrific.
This is a pretty good app for a first version.  I am able to do pretty much everything that I can do on the website, however I noticed that I cannot edit my board covers.  I am not sure if it is a problem just with the tablet app or if it is the same for my phone (have not tried it yet).
I've waited a long time for this app and it was definitely worth the wait! My phone (samsung galaxy) doesn't get hot and the app hasn't force closed on me either. I love that I can pin from the web on my phone as well! The only thing I would change would be a quicker load (I'm a fast skimmer). All in all, a great app!
I was so excited when you guys made the Pinterest app for android and I have become addicted. But...ever since last night the pictures wont load. It just keeps saying its loading. It does this too when I try to look at my boards or pins. Also, it will force close when I try to re pin these pictures. It definetely is a great app but I can't give you that fifth star because of that problem. Hope you can fix it!
Very nice application, would be good if you could enter an image URL to pin..
Been waiting for this app for forever!!!
I'm loving it! But i can't figure out how to pin a picture on my profile. Teach, please.
How to change my profile name? Anyways, really good stuff and a great pasttime! =)
It's cool just needs a little tweaking..
I've been waiting for forever for this app, & I definitely wasn't disappointed! It's pretty much taken up all of my time since its install... Worth getting, but I wish there was a way to edit your boards (like delete and/or rename them, like you can on the web version).
I really love this web <3 hope it work !!
Very nice and functional app that follows the Holo design guidelines, works well! However, it would be great to see swiping left/right to view previous/next entries when viewing current one. Also pinch-to-zoom would be nice too. Brilliant app overall though!
Finding myself looking of places I've always wanted to go...
The wait was endless, but the result is SO FREAKING GOOD. The app is smoother than the website! I actually prefer to use Pinterest on my phone now. The only flaw: it ignores the settings button, like most apps that started on iPhone. Integrating a menu there would really expand the flexibility of the app and make it a truly 5 star experience. Love you, Pinterest. xoxox
It is a great app but here are some issues : - Cannot zoom into photos - Not able to pin the photos from my google album.  Lots of errors ( i use a samsung galaxy note) -Cannot edit the links or re edit the board names  But overall it is an amazing application! Totally addicted to it!
Love the app, little slow to display but nice otherwise.
Finally it's on Android! Love the app, the photos load very fast. Can't create new pins though,fix and it's 5 stars.
Finally for droid! !! Thank you, will rate 5 stars when pin booklet is ready for droid!
Keeps crashing and turns my phone off. Fix this and its 5 stars.
Love this app!
Great app, wish I could 'tag' fellow pinners like on the desktop site.
Works great, pics load fast.. Only thing is it shuts down on its own a good amount.. But all in all great job.
Much faster and easier to use!
I've been wanting a pinterest app for so long!! AND NOW IT'S HERE <3 I LOVE IT
On the app, under my likes, I'm seeing everything I already pinned, not my likes... Other then that, it's super fast. I like that it automatically refreshes when you go back to the previous page. It's a good app!
Works great, easy to use, only wish I didn't get a notice saying its had to many requests from my address.
Love the format, only complaint is that my android force closes on me. But other than that, love it!
It's a little buggy but I'm so excited that android finally got it!
I've been waiting on this release for what feels like forever. I'm very happy with the smooth pinning, sharing & posting options
So far, so good. Huge improvement over the mobile website.
Finally!!
Would be better if had old one row scroll instead of two lIke old Iphone app. Hard to read pins even on Galaxy S3 screen.
Everything works well except, as far as I can tell, there's no "load more" option.
Yes at last its here, but where is the widget I was hoping for ? Nevertheless great app for a great social network :)
I am absolutely addicted to it. The only downside its randomly shutting my phone and often force closes..... Samsung infuse
Keeps shutting down so I either have to force close it or report. Otherwise its great!
I love the way everything is set up on this app but the app randomly shuts my phone off all the time and then it turns back on right away
Needs a widget, maybe one tat shows a board of my choice, or the actual stream.
So glad its finally on Android. Wish you could bookmark off web.
It randomly turns off my droidx2..
Nice app. Like the interface better than the iPhone. Loads a little slow on my tbolt. Also want to be able to pin websites otherwise awesome!
I loved the app at first, but then i downloaded the update and now the app closes unexpectedly and shuts my phone down
This app is great. I just wish it would let me change my profile picture! Please follow me:  kyera_denise
It took forever to get us the app. Now that I have it I love it. Wish it didn't take so long. Good app so far. Takes things a while to load but for Alaska it does a good job!
Love the website,the app is great too!!!
Great app, been waiting for it!! Just wish I could pin from the web easier...even tried copy pasting but only can upload on the app.
Love this app. Only thing that could make it better if it a way to scroll top with one push like the site. Other than that terrific.
I just wish it had the pin it option in my browser on my phone now too
Got it
Pix load up quickly and its soooo much better than the mobile  site. But every time i browse on the app, 5 mins into it and my phone gets extremely HOT! 105 degrees F!
why my pinterest keep on uploading by itself！！it  keep on posting de same pin ！！i can't stop it！argh！！
Have been waiting it since started using pinterest.
Finally its on yay!! Doing backflaps as we speak :-)
Its really great and all, but when I'll click on a link to a website it will say error or something like that,  when my phone has ful internet acsess..
It would be nice if you could edit the pins just as you do online (edit links, etc)
It would be nice if you could edit the pins just as you do online (edit links, etc)
This don't not help my addiction :-) great app. Very easy to use.
Love this app, only thing is it takes awhile for the pins to load up, wish it was a little faster.
If you spam 'Pin It'. It will pin as many time as you pressed. Then your board will be filled w the same photo. Fix it (: overall is great apps.
Finally able to login! The graphics and UI are good, but images are loading very slow (I'm on WiFi).
Awesome
Love all the awesome ideas and information.
I love this!!!!! And it was about time!!
The problem that annoys me the most is that you cannot edit  your pins within the app, you have to go to the desktop version of the site. :(
I love this app because of the great content
Now I can have this great App on mobile.
I've been searching the market for the Pinterest app and its finally here. Thank you!
I'm so happy. The app runs smoothly. N the main point, it's OFFICIAL!!
nice app  good to use...... B-)
I have been waiting so long for this app! It is everything I was expecting and more. Great job Pinterest team.
love the look of it and it's fast too. some stuff to think abiut though for future versions: 1) ability to edit pins 2) a 'home' button on every screen,  or better yet keep the top bar on every screen (with pinterest logo linked to 'home',  search button and own profile) and 3) ability to swipe forward and back while on a pin screen. thanks!
No problems as of yet @mrcrem276
It would be really good if you added this feature: double tap to like a pin
This is a very useful, helpful, convenient app I have used before. :)
Its very nice application and very useful thanks
Awesome app, but needs to add options to organize pins.
Sometimes slow to load, but all in all...I love it...so glad to finally have it on my Android
I have been waiting so long for this!!! Greatly exceeds expectations!  Well done Pinterest! And thank you thank you thank you!!!!
You fixed the issue.... Droid incredible 2.
Takes forever to load after update
Loved this app, but ever since the past two updates, I can no longer login.  Keeps saying that it is unable to find a server... please fix! Thank you!
Was fine before last update and now just stuck loading..
Do not show toast notifications from your background service!
Running a strong wifi signal on my Galaxy S3 and Pinterest is extremely slow to the point of being unusable.
Now I have another way to waste time on my phone. App works great
the best most inspiring site ever
Worked for a while, but after the recent update, I can't log in
Very slow, but when it works it's great.
Absolutely love this app!! The only thing that would make it better would be the ability to pin websites when you're browsing the internet on your phone.
It takes a while to load, but other than that, it's amazing and everything works perfectly. I'm so happy that Android finally got this app!
So far no problems.  Hope to pin from other sites soon
Love it!! So much better than getting there via browser. Some things I don't like: no scroll to top button and you don't see as many pins. Works well on my Galaxy S III phone and my galaxy tab.
So fast and beautiful. Would like to be able to hold down images to save to gallery then it'll get five stars
Been waiting for this. So far great!
So glad it's on android!!!
It would be nice to be able to let the viewer/user decide how we want to view our items. Please let us choose between the current 2 columns or 1 like it is with the site. We could see the pictures better! Overall, I really like the new App. Great job!!
Finally able to enjoy interest on my galaxy nexus. Keep up the good work and I'll keep spending hours pinning.
Pinning from my Htc has never been this much fun. Thanks for fixing the bugs
Use it for all my cooking needs.... My family thinks I'm the best cook... Thank u pinterest!!
They have anandriod app now! Yayay
I've tried pinning a few things by hitting the share button on a few websites and they won't load. Other than that, no problems.
Haven't had much time to toy with this app yet but im so glad DROID finally has it!
Keeps closing and shuts my phone off randomly after recent update. Other than that it is amazing! So glad android finally got it!!!
I was pretty disappointed initially at how slow the app was, but after the update I'm in love with it! The only complaint I have is that you can't make a pin from websites, only pictures.. Address this and I'll give it 5 stars!
Finally nice to have this app. Not 5 stars because the time it took to roll it out
Finally it here. Great job.
I have been waiting for this. Pics do load a little faster now with the update. Can't wait to see what's next!!!
Love it!
Finally!
I was going to complain about the amount of time it took images to load. With the update, the app works a lot quicker.
Its nice to see various things in it
My wife LOVES Pinterest and always wants me to check her pins.  I will definitely check more often now with this app on my ThinkPad Tablet.  The only bug I noticed was after I looked at a board it automatically unfollowed the board for some reason.  Other than that, this app looks and works great!
So happy that pinterest has an app for Android phones, but why does it take so long for the pictures to load?
app needs editing functionality for profile, pins, and boards.
Finally a Pinterest app. It's wonderful. Great ui. I love it. Makes pinning via mobile so easy.
Thank goodness finally an app for android!  Works great.  Love the layout an loads a million times faster than looking on regular mobile web.  Thank you!
Works well on my Samsung Galaxy Blaze. Would like to see less steps to repin things. Would be nice to have buttons on them like Web version.
Love it
!
I'm happy that they finally decided to make an android app. Widened their markers.
So excited to finally have a Pinterest app. The only thing that would be better is a way to pin from a website, but I don't know how that would work.
Tricky to navigate at first; but now I really like it. Response time is kinda slow though.
Just wish there was an option to change it from one row of pictures to two. That way they would be easier to see on a phone screen.
Thank you be-Jesus! Now if i can just figure out how to post web pages that dont have a pinterest button (copying the url) Haven't figured out how yet. Anyone have any suggestions? 4 stars just because im so excited the app is finally here! Havent used it much yet but I know I definitely will! Adjust rating if necessary.
Love it
After fighting the full web version, this is SUCH a relief! Very responsive and beautifully laid out. The only reason I give 4 stars (would be 4.5 if it were possible) is because I can't find any way to edit a pin.
Its about time we get it for android! Thx!
Great app, waited forever for it
So happy there's finally an Android pinterest app! I am addicted.  Easy to use.  Only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars,  when attempting to pin from a web page,  it doesn't complete the pin.  It hangs at the image selection screen.  Otherwise,  very awesome!
Its great.
Thanks Android
So happy this app finally came out! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I don't like that every time you pin something you have to allow or not allow facebook to post on your fb page. Other wise I love it!
Love that I can open it from an app.
I love the app. Repinning is a breeze, but loading new pics could use some work. Definitely worth the download. Great job!!!
Love this!
Ive loved Pinterest for a long time. Ive been waiting and waiting for it to be available on the Android market. Im so glad i can finally pin via my phone a lot easier than using my internet browser. I love the look of it nd its speed. My only complaint is that when i hit pin it attempts to load my facebook for a breif second before exiting out of it. I then have to hit pin again for it to finally go. Other than that im loving the newly added categories.
I love the app but it takes a long time to load. I guess its better than nothing
Finally....needs a little refining but I'm glad Pinterest for Android is finally available.
I love the app, the only thing is that it would be nice if we could edit our captions & our boards. And it would also be great if we can search for friends any other way besides fb! If you can change the things I mentioned, I would rate 5 stars. Other than that great app.
The app isn't updating.
This is bad..now I can pin anywhere!!
Glad I could finally disconnect from FB easily. The create a board feature is nice. We need an option to move our pins to another board.
pictures load slow...still need the pin it option for websites/pictures that don't already have it.
I can repin better than on the mobile site, but pics are verrry slow to load.  Keeps crashing.  Needs improvement.
Finally I can get on interest on my phone! So excited love this!!!!!!! Remember ppl u have to be invited still to use it. Have a friend invite u via ur email for it...just an FYI. Love it!!!
Thank you! Finally a Pinterest app for android :D
Nothings Perfect but for a brand new app...  I'm so Excited to be spending on my droid Samsung transform ultra boost network
Thanks for bringing this application to Android. I've been waiting for the day when I could pin and repin all of my favorite things!
I love the app. A little slow loading pics but other than that...it's all good.
Very well done.  The app is super simple to use.  The only issue sometimes is when pinning from a website; it's not always functional. But pretty much turns pinning into more of an addiction.
Been waiting for an android version for so long... Works perfectly!
Looks nice but pinning using a URL is difficult using the mobile browser (even in desktop mode) and not even an option using the app :(
Sooo happy it's finally here!!!
Love it!!
When I try to pin directly from my phone it crashes when I go to describe the pin. I'm super excited about this app though because I love pinterest! So 4 stars unless it can be fixed somehow. :)
I have been waiting for this.
I have been waiting for this app forever! The only problem is that most the time it is SO slow, even when connected to wifi.
I really like the fluid motion and options for this tablet app. The pictures are stunning and I can easily toggle back and forth for pinning.
The app works super smooth on my Galaxy R
Love the app. So glad there finally is one for android. Would have given it 5 stars but the pins are a little to slow to load, other than that great app!
Thanks for finally giving us an app. I'd rather have the pictures load faster than you tell me who pinned and repinned.
I've been searching and repinning with no issues.  The only issue I've had is slow loading speed of some images but not much to complain about.
Now I have all my best pics with wherever I go!
It's really good, except I can't find where to upload my own pins... Do yall know where that's at on the app? Thank you :)
Well worth the wait!!!
I've been waiting on this app!
Addictive but a good one :)
On 1st look I'm very excited to finally have a decent pinterest app! Sooooo much better than the mobile site.
Loving this app!
Love pinterest, but don't get on much since I got rid of my iPhone. Thank you for including us Android people.
I am SOOO excited...only 1 problem so far-I can't edit my own pins?!?!
I'm so excited for this app! I love it so far! I only have an issue when I try to create a pin via the share option on any website. When I touch the picture to pin, it just closes on me every time, and I can't pin what I want. If that gets fixed, then I'll be 100% satisfied!
Slow in loading pictures. Looks very good and sleek. Happy I finally got Pinterest on my phone :)
When i select from the gallery, it is not accepting. Bug is there. Please check
Love pinterest, but I hate how it takes FOREVER to load. Hoping that will change soon.  But other than that, great app(:
I really like it so far!
Great app, photos load really slow though...kind of annoying but otherwise very happy to have Android app finally!
good
....on my Galaxy S3.  Pics take a couple of seconds to load, but not any longer than many other apps.   I also turned off Third party sharing in my settings. No problems yet. Very with this app!
So glad there is an Android Pinterest app! I agree with others, I like the look a lot better than the iPhone app. However, it is very slow loading and the pictures are so tiny! I think there just needs to be one picture at a time across the screen, instead of two.
I love the look and quickness of this app. It works and looks so much nicer then the mobile site. But I wish there was an easier way to pin new pins. The only pin you can create from this app  is a photo from your own camera, which is not what pinterest is about. I hope they add a way to grab a URL and create a pin from that.
I'm so excited that we finally have this for android. :)
Very happy, about this app. We'll see how it is.
Love love love this app.
thanks for porting this over.havent had a chance to fully explore,but so far its pretty nice.
Love this app! So glad they finally created one! Only 1 complaint: needs an "edit" function for when u pin a pin and forget to include something in your a description. Right now you have to delete the pin and repin it in order to edit the description after pinning.
Love pinterest however the app is definitely a little buggy. I can't repin if I do it takes me to a Facebook load page that never loads? If I like something it will somehow unlike it by it's self sometimes and the images take forever to load. I gave 4 stars however BC it's a brand new app and great website so i'm sure they'll get everything straightened out :) happy pinning!
I've been waiting for this forever! Thank you for making an android app!
Thanks for making it available for Android! I was getting so tired of the mobile site. my only complaint its it drains battery like crazy. It would also be nice to edit pins or boards
Its kinda slow, but overall it's an excellent app :-)
Love this app, so glad there finally is one! It is easy to pin things! My only complaint, the pictures take a very long time to load, otherwise love!
I'm very happy with the new app.
Pictures load sloooow
Can be a bit slow, but I'm sure there will be updates as usual. I've been waiting for this!
The only complaint I have is when I reach the bottom of a page, I cant get new pins. Other than that it is awesome. I like androids version better than apple.
Woohoo
OMG...I thought I would have to get the iphone...lol
Been waiting ages for official Android app from Pinterest... Nice transitions, great layout. Happy to be pinning on the move. Would get 5 stars if it replicated the web site 100% in functionality.
I have been waiting for this app! Easy to use, but is slow to load pins. Still much better than the mobile site, and I look forward to the updates.
Super slow to load, but happy to see this finally in the worlds for Android users! Wahoooo!
Very good app for android
Really great app. Love the transitions between screens and the ease of use. Text and images are a bit small, but overall awesome. Worth the wait!
Finally pinterest for android! Few bugs to work out but I have faith it will be perfect soon!
Smooth and easy to use. Worked fine on my S3
I had something else installed, don't even remember where/when I got it but it was just a basic Pinterest app. This is sooo much better. Of course it will drain your battery because you have to go online to use it. But it doesn't drain it any more than the other one I used and it is a lot less drain than using my browser.   Still some bugs to work out but it is awesome!
Needs to have the option to zoom in. Going back to the website until I don't have to strain my eyes.
I'm thrilled pinterest finally has an app for Android. The only issue I've had so far, is the length of time it takes to load the pictures. Which is why the 4...Other than that, I love it!!!!
Runs very well. I like how it is set up to slide between search, home, and my profile. Easier to navigate compared to my moms iPhone and the mobile Web version!
I been waiting for this app a long time and finally here... I love it.....
Seems to be work well.
Happy Day!
I am so glad to finally have this app on Android! It is easy to use and looks great. I wish it moved a little faster when loading even when using 4G wireless. But overall a great app!
Ty for adding this app.
so far so good!
It runs so smooth, I'm definitely impressed.  I've been checking and checking in hopes of getting this for android and it surpassed my expectations
So far so good with this app, runs smoothly and is pretty quick.
A little slow when browsing but overall love it!
The design is much more organized than i cod have imagined, its just about perfect for on-the-go pinning!! Only thing is the pictures sometimes take a little longer to load. Other than that, its great!
Loving the app! Just slow, but I assume this is just the bugs being worked out. Layout is nice. Also, is there a way to tag people on pins that I have missed?
Love the grid layout compared to the one photo at a time on the mobile site. Getting to your own profile is much easier too. Really love it except that it runs alittle slow...takes along time for pictures to load.
It's super fast and I've been waiting on this! But I want to change my view so I can see one pin at a time. Seeing 2 is too small to browse through.
Love it! So much better than mobile version in browser. Only thing that might make it better is being able to edit pin after pinning- you know, moving them to dif board n stuff
I was so excited and still am about this app... Its easy to work with and easy to pin on.. BUT.. the pictures take awhile to load.. I have to wait then scroll..wait then scroll grrrrr
So good. Will update my review in a few days.
Works great! So much better to have an app! The mobile web version was terrible.
I've been waiting on this forever! Hope It works great!
Clean layout, I love it. Pictures are too heavy to be loaded.
Wish there was a "pin it" button for android though
Nice and sleek design and ux. Still some missing functions like editing boards are missing
nice app with a polished UI
So far so good. It is a little slow at loading pins. Other than that its great!
It doesn't save the images although it says it does..
i have no idea why this took so long but glad to finally have it!
It's kinda slow, but I'm happy to have it, so I can't complain that much!
I  super excited to finally have this app since I've been using the Web version forever! Only thing is the pins are taking forever to load :(
Love it
Finally and so far so good.
Recently switched from ios and the Droid version - finally! - is surprisingly better. It still needs a lot more functionality.
About time
Love it!
Exactly what I have been waiting for!
Love the app. Is there any chance of getting it to remember our place in the timeline?
Finally I can pin on the go.  Forwarding this to my GF who introduced me to Pinterest.  The interface is nice.  Very smooth.  BUT as far as I can tell, you cannot use links to find pictures.  You have to either take a picture or save a picture from a site and then insert the link.  Which is fine, but I used the add link feature and then search for a picture to use as a cover most often.  If they add that feature in an update, then I will give 5 stars.
Working great. :) happy finally on android
Love that pinterest finally has an android app. Now, if only the pics would load faster.
So excited, so far so good!!!
Aside from a few speed issues here and there, very satisfied with the offerings so far from this app
So far so good! I have been (not so patiently) waiting for an Android app, so I was very excited to be one of the first to download it. Love how easy it is to navigate - very intuitive. I'm not giving it 5 stars right now though because it did crash the first time I used it after about five minutes. Hoping that gets fixed. I'm on a Galaxy S II.
this is the best working app that i ever had on my phone. I was beginning to think i have a really lousy phone because no app would work but then i installed pinterest and i can't believe how smoothly it works. Images do take a while to load. Otherwise it's great!
I've been waiting for pinterest to give us a android app forever.. was so unfair that iPhone users had one.. but now here it is! :) I love the set up, very easy to use. I'm a little disappointed with the picture load time because it does take a while.. But it's a new app & I'm sure a update or two and it will be great! Thank you so much Pinterest!
Finally! The only problem is you aren't able to edit pins.
It's about time.. app works great.
Really pleased the android app is finally here. I had downloaded the app for my iPod Touch and didn't like it so was a bit anxious it would be the same but its fantastic! My only only complaint, and its not really a complaint, is that I'd prefer the pictures to appear in one single column and be bigger, like when I view it as a website, but that's just my preference. I could be missing a setting somewhere.
I hate the mobile site, so this is wonderful! I'm reserving a star because you can't edit pins. It would also be nice to be able to pin from other sites that don't have a pin button. Beautiful, clean UI though.
Love the android interface. A little glitch but a huge improvement over using the mobile site. Happy I can pin to the desired categories.  Thanks Pinterest!
I immediately lived this app until I tried to repin. It does bot give an option for which board to pin to.
About time! So far it's great! Still room for improvement!
Like others have said, it needs to load pins faster but I still absolutely love it!!
I've only used the new app for a few minutes, but it has all of the features I wanted! Now, if it does not become glitchy, it'll be awesome.
Finally!!! Thanks Pinterest :)
It's ok but super slow.
Thank you Thank you Thank you!!! Looks good so far ...
I have been waiting for this app for months. So far ao good. Thank you for finally listening to your Android users!
Finally I've been waiting for pinterest xD
Awesome app... Just takes forever to load.
So far I love the app, works great!
Been waiting a long time for this!! Thank you Pinterest for listening!!
Pictures are a bit slow at coming up but other than that, great! Happy the app is finally out!!
At first view, the app is really slick! Signing in and navigating is a very smooth and painless process.
Great UI. Very slick. I'm using a nexus 7. I had some issues/bugs while uploading a picture from the gallery. Also, when you're in a category, it's not easy to scroll all the way to the top. The app doesn't follow the familiar navigation of the website, but I could get used to it.
I was beginning to lose hope that there would ever be an Android app. So far it's great. UI is awesome and it's so easy to repin. But it takes for-ev-er to load the images. It's understandable considering how many images there are to load, but considering the images are the crux of the app I'm giving 4*s.
Thank you! So much faster this way. I can start pinning again :-D
I'm so glad pinterest has an app now! The UI is great, but its a little slow.
It's about time!
Love it
Seems ok so far
I love pinterest
Yay!!! Android finally got the app BACK!!
I have only been playing with this for about 10 minutes, but so far it is much better than the mobile website. Another reviewer said that it didn't load pins very fast, and I do agree with that, but neither did the mobile website version.
I have been waiting for this! I love pinterest! I just installed the app looks good so far. hope its a  winner!
So excited for the Android app! Changing board categories and finding individual pages are a little more difficult than necessary, but all-in-all, a great app!
Pins load kind of slowly, but otherwise, great app so far.
Thank you for making a Pinterest app that works! I'm one happy lady.
After many months, we now have Pinterest for android. Although not as pretty as the iOS version, ..we have it :)
Thank you thank you. Finally an app for android!
So excited that there's FINALLY an app!
I'm the 34th to download this app. Done it for first time.
I'm beyond excited to have an official app for Android phones! My addiction is only going to get worse.
Smooth ui and so much better than the site on my phone.
Can't even sign up.  Fix and maybe I'll re-download!
I'm so excited they made a Pinterest app! I have waited so long for it and it doesn't disappoint! I think it's even better than ths Web version. Thank you! Thank you!!
It was worth the wait, this app is great...no problems to speak of
Finallllyyyyyyy
Love the new UI
This app is AMAZING!!!!! Its even better then the website...I am soooo happy they finally made one for android!
Love this app
Love it.
I've been waiting for this app for a while. Definitely better than the mobile website!
So fun and great ideas!
Okay gurl
Finally! Pinterest for Android! (Like I needed one more reason to stay on my phone untill all hours of the night!) Love it!
Love it!
Love it. Love it. Love it.
Love it, it works great! Now i just need a pin button in my menu, for whatever app I'm in, how about that next?!
Awesome
Awesome
Great app! Works wonderful!!
Great place to get great ideas.
Great place to get great ideas.
This app is awesome works perfectly fine don't have any problems with it. I can upload, comment, repin, and like so easy.  Thank you Pinterest for making this app:)
I use it all the time. Love it!
I am in love with this website. It has everything you can imagine on it. Best ever.
It want let me pick witch board I want to put my pins
Great app
Love it... New way to show your likes and interest without having to say it. A picture is worth a thousand words.
So glad this app was made!
I love Pinterest and this app is perfect!
Works perfectly. Just what I was waiting for.
Now I can pin all night
Now I can pin all night
Finally; I have Pinterest app for Android yay!
Awesome, just lovin it
Love the app!!!
So much fun! Maybe a little too much ;)
Love it!
So glad you got an app for android!!! Now my life is complete. Just dont delete my boards :)
I love the new app.  Thank you, Pinterest.
Great app
Nicely done, easy to use. Much better than mobile site!!!!!
I love this app! I get soooo absorbed in it!
Love this app
This is so addicting!!!
I love this app
I love this app. It makes it alot more user friendly & i can hardly keep myself off pinterest with this app. Love it!
I love this app omg its better then the website, its so easy and flawless..you guys did a amazing job. I can Pin pics from anything on here also. <3 it!
I wish this came out sooner!
I love this app!!
Addicted! !
I really love this app. Got pinterest acc for sometime but rarely use it, but since I have this app I use it daily..
Title says it all.
Finally! Don't have to fight with the website on my phone!
Finally! Don't have to fight with the website on my phone!
Perfect!
I have been waiting for this app for way too long!!! I am extremely happy :)
One of the best apps I have downloaded - esp for a new app. Way to go developers!!!! Love, love connecting using Pinterest (and I rarely write reviews :)!
Fun
I'm a huge pinterest fan, and this app is better than getting on the computer, or even using dolphan browser, FAST, Easy, and all around great :) thanks
Obsessed with Pinterest! Love this app!
Good one!!!...
Very smooth interface. Easy to repin pictures and very fast for just browsing. :)
It's addicting!
I squealed with delight when I saw it was finally here and this app ROCKS!!! I have personally had zero issues and find myself using the app more than the site via my laptop. So worth the wait!
Great place for recipes
2 very enthusiast thumbs up!
Its about time, and worth the wait!
Do I need to say anything else?
Love love love this app!!
Yes!!
Finally an Android longest app! Works perfectly! Super happy with it.
Its about time. No quirks so far. Personally I don't seem to be missing anything. Loving it!
Love this App. So easy to use and pin. Great for discovering new and fresh ideas!
Love this App. So easy to use and pin. Great for discovering new and fresh ideas!
really good!!! great ideas :)
Happy to have pinterest at my finger tips wherever I go!
Love it!
love it.
Cool
I love pinterest and I am addicted. I am SO glad they made an app to feed my addiction even more. I haven't had a problem with the it so far, it has been great. Love it, don't change it. Its awesome. thanks!
Love it
Finally!
I love tjis app
Im so addicted to pinterest!
I love the website version of pinterest and nw on android makes life simplier. Love it
Best ever!!!
Help I cant stop pining
Help I cant stop pining
Love it!
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
Took them long enough! Heaven is finally here!
Awesome!
Amazing and quick!
Awesome
Soooo addictive watch out... ;)
Love Love..
Love this app...so easy to use!
All I do is look things up on pintrest.
:) finally
Amazing app, great ideas and new fun thing for my family I never would of thought of 5 stars for me.
Very easy to use and no bugs what so ever.
Love this app! Allows me to keep on top of what everyone is pinning.
So glad its on Android!!!! It's addicting!!
I'm so loving this app. Perfect perfect perfect!
Works great and will use it all the time. No issues that I've run into.
I love that they finally made an app.
I love this app so much! My whole family uses it
I will aimessly spend time so interested in everything on here when bored and what not.. Deff  must have  app
This is lightning quick. Don't pay attention to other people whining about aspects of this program not working. It works awesome if you have a decent phone.
My addiction is mobile!
I have had this application for about two weeks...no issues or complaints. I use the application more than the actual website. So glad that I downloaded it!
I'm in love with this app!!! Fully functional & just good as the web!
My new favorite app!
I never review apps, but this is so amazing I had to. It's fast, easy to use, and I never feel myself wishing I had a computer. So glad we finally have a pinterest app!
Great love it
I love this app it keeps m favorite website at my fingertips my only complaint is that it refreshes slow sometimes but other than that it is perfect and a pinners dream come true so much better than facebook app....LOVE LOVE LOVE
Only wish you could hide some folders. Otherwise love it.
Thank you. I have been waiting for this app. It works great for me, no issues. Worth the 5 stars.
I have been waiting sooo long for Pinterest to have an app for Android. Works great!
I love how user friendly this app is. The only thing is it wont let me upload pictures, but i do love that feature :) .
I love how user friendly this app is. The only thing is it wont let me upload pictures, but i do love that feature :) .
I'm so glad Android finally came out with a Pinterest app.  I was seriously thinking of getting the new iPhone as my upgrade just so I can get this app!
I'm so glad Android finally came out with a Pinterest app.  I was seriously thinking of getting the new iPhone as my upgrade just so I can get this app!
Freakin love it!!!!!
Love pinterest
Finally!!!! I've waiting for so long!
Awesome website! It's such a great idea to share millions of ideas with people all over! By far my favorite website! So addicting :)
yea!!!!
Very happy that android has an App now. Works great. Easy to navigate.
Very happy that android has an App now. Works great. Easy to navigate.
Love this app! Works great!
Loveeee this app! So glad they came out with it for android
this app has no problem but that u can't like comment or pin without touching the pic
Its about time Pinterest had an android app! I do everything on my phone and this app is surprisingly easier to navigate than the website itself. My only issue is sometimes things are slow to load.. But I think it could just be my phone. :)
In love it!! !!!
This was everything I've been waiting for!
Fantastic resource for anyone creative
So happy this is on Android!
So glad theres an app for pinterest now i looove it :)
Luv it
I love it!! I have been waiting for the android app forever! So glad its finally here!
Very good app love it
Haven't quite figured it all out yet, but I'm REALLY enjoying it. 5 stars all the way.
Soooo happy that android has this app again
Glad this app is finally available. Works great on LG Viper.
Awesome
I was waiting for pinterest to finally make an an App for droid! And I absolutely love the pinterest ape. Only thing I was I could do is edit the names of pinboards. Other than that, 5 stars for me.
Just about anything that you are interested in you can find here.
I have been waiting for an Android Pinterest app ever since I got my tablet back in Jan.  So excited to have this.  No complaints so far.  Except from the hubby because no I'm even more addicted to Pinterest!
Yay, I love Interest. I've been using it for the last year and a half. So glad to have access to it on my phone. One suggestion would be to have access to the search feature at all times. I find myself having to back to get to the main screen. That can be time consuming if you've pinned quite a bit. Thanks!
Live love love. Addicted!!!
Love the categories n how its organized...
Love this app! Very convenient and no problems, so far! (Nexus One)
This pinterest app makes so much sense! Very easy to use and so far, glitch-free.
Nice
Love it!
Love the wonderful ideas that are found on all the sights!!
Is there much more to say? Download it already!
Sooo happy!!!
Love love love
Im addicted to this app!
About time! Viewing pinterest in mobile form via web was always so difficult because of the touch screen. Finally, I can view on my phone and tablet much easier!!
Glad android has this app now. I'm addicted all over again!
I've been waiting for a social media application that suits me; this is "that app"!!! fantastic!
Dont know how i ever lived with out it!!
Dont know how i ever lived with out it!!
Love this app.
Awesome app!
Awesome app!! Been waiting for this for over a year and finally! Eat better and faster than the actual website!
Finally an app for Android. I love it!
Love it
Everything I was looking for!
Best.site.ever
I waited so long for this app for android and I'm so happy to have it!
I'm in LOVE with this app, easier pinning (: htc droid incredible 2
This app has taken over my life! It's amazing
Something close to the original slick site! Good job!
Much easier than using pinterest with the browser! DROIDX.
Love the app, my addiction now mobile...would love a pin it button for my mobile browser.
I just love this app!!!!!!!!
Awesome, keeps me up to date with all the new styles and anything I could ever want !!! Love this site/app
Awesome, keeps me up to date with all the new styles and anything I could ever want !!! Love this site/app
This app is awesome!
I love it :)
Pinterest just got a whole lot better with this app. Runs smoothly, pins super fast, I absolutely love it!
I love pinterest it is the best! The app has very good picture!
:)) awesome
:)) awesome
I may not get anything else done all day, but I love this app. I was worried that it wouldn't work well, but it's fantastic! Love it, love it, love it!
U can't keep me off pinterest now!!!!! Loving the new android app.
I had been waiting for this app to be available for Android. Love it. It does have a bug or two sometimes, but for the most part, works great.
I use it everyday
I now have the ability to pin  photos taken with my camera -brilliant!
Superb
Adoró esta aplicación
Love the app. A few force closes but I figure there are bound to be a few bugs in the beginning. So happy to have this.
I am so happy to finally have this app for android!
Works great on my galaxy s2
Love it!
Soooo addicted to this!!
This app brought my pintrest addiction to.a whole new level. Very easy to use.
Samsung Galaxy S2   I absolutely love this app and also thanks for finally making an Android Pinterest app too
great app...
Good app
I'm sooo addicted to this app! Its so easy and I've had no problems with it.
Flawless transition. Smooth uploading from gallery and internet.
So glad they finally got the app. Smooth interface, & so fun to use. Love!
This is the best i cant get enough. Looking & pinning & repinng Luv it. I'M  ADDICTED.........
Love this app! I just switched from an iPhone and was really sad to see this app initially unavailable...glad it's finally out and working great!
It was well worth the wait, a very long wait....  thumbs up for the new app on my droid, yet...
Inspires me to be cleaner, more organized, prettier, fitter, smarter, etc etc!! LOL
Inspires me to be cleaner, more organized, prettier, fitter, smarter, etc etc!! LOL
Everytime i press continue to sign up it wont go!!!
Thank you for creating such an AMAZING app! It works amazing and now my on the go productivity will go from minimal to zero because I will be too addicted to Pinterest. :-)
Tumblr, instagram, pinterest, all fab! <3 this app, easy and free! Whoo ! You must get an account :Lt
Having so much fun pinning!
Works incredibly well! You can even pin from facebook now via the pinterest app!!
I'm so addicted to this app and I'm so glad that it's on Android now because the mobile Pinterest website sucked.
Love that there is an app, but alot of my pins are appearing under my ”likes” and some difficulty uploading a pin. If fixes occur, will increase the stars.
I luv this app, I got my bf addicted to it...teehee.
Glad it finally came to Android!
Pinterest is great..now its even better mobile!!
Love it!
Love this. Thanks.
Love to go on pinterest & now I can take it everywhere with me!! Works great & very happy to have this app.It's my favorite app
love it!!
Love it.
All my favorite expressions ;)
Once you start you'll never stop
This app is awesome! Pinning and searching are a breeze!
I love pinterest. I was so glad when they came out with an app for android... The app is flawless.. Love it
LOVE!!!!
Does not work on EVO!! My hotspot, internet, texting & more quit working after I uploaded program. Had to get hard reset 4x and new phone eventually messed up other phone woo badly.
So glad there is finally an app for Pinterest! I like it better then the actual site.
Fast
Pinterest just got more addictive!
this app is 10 times better than the last pinterest app
this app is 10 times better than the last pinterest app
Awesome
I have an android and not an iPhone. and I was really bummed that the play store didn't have the Pinterest app. so now I'm very happy that it has it now and I'm gonna be on Pinterest alot since its on my phone :)
Very inspirational! I love pintrest
Very inspirational! I love pintrest
Great app! 100 times better than the iphone app.
And.... It's also perfect.
Love love live it!!
Haven't had any problems at all. Super easy to use and super addicting!
This app is great. That's all I have to say. I hardly ever rate anything but I just had to. It works flawlessly! Good job! I'm a happy camper
Love it! Do not change anything
Love <3
Love <3
App runs smoothly and effiently. Serves my pinning addiction well lol
Boown chi bown
Favorite app
Yey!
I'm so glad pinterest finally came to android. It makes my addiction that much easier to get to.
Luv it!  Pin it!  :-D
Way better than the first app and way faster than the mobile site!
Soooo many people have give awesome comments and said i must see!!   I'll  just give it 5 *now
Omggggggg!!!!! I love this app and the functionality is amazing!!! I Like it better than PC
Works perfect!  So easy to use.
The update has made this app so much better! The layout is now similar to my laptop and easier to repin! Love!
Just one thing... When saving picture to device why it has to save it in camera roll (This is not iPhone's camera roll)
Have been waiting for a while for a pinterest app, and its better thank expected!
Love, works great!!
For Android. Thanks guys!
Awesome app. :)))))
I love it
Greit staff
Greit staff
I love Pinterest and gave been dying for an app. So excited its finally on here!
I love Pinterest and gave been dying for an app. So excited its finally on here!
The best app ever!
Love being able to create pins right from my phone!
Works excellent on my evo 4g.
This has totally made my phone more enjoyable thank you!!
The best app ever!
It so much
I've been waiting for this for MONTHS!! Thank you for making my Pinterest addiction easier :)
Android finally has the pinterest app!!!!!!! It works really well! :)
Love it...much cooler than FB
Fource closes sometimes though. Would like to be able to delete whole boards and like things repinned so if i delete it from the board i wont loose it.:)
Like it
Easy to use, can share from any site on mobile device
I love pinterest, so this app is pretty amazing. It's so much easier than getting on the computer!!! Pinterest has given me so many great ideas for crafts, teaching, and food!
The so is easy to navigate and so convenient but is slow to load
Super ap and I'm sure it will only get better! Hopefully they will make it where you can edit board titles and do other editing.
Now I don't have to drag out the laptop just to pin :)
So easy to use and works flawlessly!
All i ever wanted was a portable Pinterest and now m y dreams are reality!
I love the app but I would love it even more if the pics didn't take so long to load!!
I love it
App works like a dream on my HTC. Can't thank you enough for finally putting it out. I love this app.
I have been waiting for this for so long!!
This helps meeting pass quicker
Love it
I'm addicted... would be a 5 but the phone gets very hot, and my battery flies. Sometimes it force closes. But other than that one of my favorite apps.
Lotz of stuff
This has taken my addiction to Pinterest to a whole new level. My main devices are Droids. It's so easy to pin. Interface is beautiful. No crashes like before with the iPhone app. I LUV IT!!
It's so fast and easy to use, I will never use the website again. What an incredible app! It was worth the wait.
Have been waiting for this!!
I live this ap!
I love this app sooooo much... If i can gv 10 star, i will...
There is a night and day difference between the first app released to the newest one.  I am really just so pleased with the functionality.  I can do everything I could do from my regular computer which isn't something I've been able to do by using browsers on my android.  I will be pinning much more now.  Bravo Pinterest team.
This is hands down thee most brilliant app I have used on my phone yet. Everything is seamless and flows with such grace that it blows my mind every time I'm on it. I personally think that I love it more than the website. Thank you & great job!
Samsung Stratosphere and all aspects work just fine. I can pin from gallery & web. I can create boards and the pins go where I sent them. All of this is great as my phone is my computer (satellite internet leaves a bit to be desired).
I like seeing all the cool stuff people find and that it directs me to where they got it so I can follow the directions fire the crafts and cooking.
I can spend hours lost in this app. It's easy to use after the initial learning curve, and the pictures are just gorgeous. Best of all? No constant force closes. Definitely 5 stars.
Works great , I strongly think its 'user error' if you seem to have issues. Its simple to use and I have been pinning with no issues.
I've been waiting for this app to come out!!!!!! I'm so freaking happy!!!!! It's simple and easy to use and haven't had any problems.Sooooo excited!!!!!!!!
Nothin to sayyy!!
Do easy to use!
Loveee it!
Loveee it!
I have been waiting for this app for a long time!
I haven't had any problems and it makes pinning from my phone soooo much better!
Great
Works great with my transformer prime. Loads fast, can pin everything , all around works fantastic!!
So glad its an app! .
AMAZING!!!!! freezes sometimes...BUT AMAZING!!!!!!!
Greatest ever!
lalalove the app;)
i love the save to device feature.The GUI is amazing. I can spend whole day on Pinterest
I absolutely love this!! Now I'll have something to do on the go!! Works great on my incredible 2!!
Love it
Love it
addicting
Great app! Is just a tad too slow...
Absolutely love!!!
Absolutely love!!!
I'm so glad its an app now!! ! I don't get on my laptop much nowadays so having this app is great!!!
I can't get through the day without checking out Pinterest.
Love it
I've been waiting for this Android app for a long time! T Mobile My Touch.
I am so glad to finally see Pinterest for the android!!! I been glued to it since I downloaded it. Has everything and more a must have app!!!!
Now I can use Pinterest on my Nexus7! This is one of the all time best apps!
Really nice app...works well and doesnt freeze up and updates regularly.
Really nice app...works well and doesnt freeze up and updates regularly.
Awesome functionality, thank you!!!
I love this new app,  I never loose connection or fail to pin something and the layout is Great!!!!
Amazing app! So excited Pinterest finally has an android app! The pictures load slow, but still an awesome app, love it!
Amazing app! So excited Pinterest finally has an android app! The pictures load slow, but still an awesome app, love it!
App is easy to understand and it is VERY addictive!
Finally Android has a pinterest app! Took so long.
I can't figure out how to pin from anything other than the app but this is so so so much easier and faster than doing it through mobile Web!
Just what I have been waiting for. Now I can stay updated anywhere I am
They did a great job creating this app. Excellent.
Finally a DROID app!! So happy!
Love it!
Love it!
Creative
Just. Brilliant. Great design, beats the heck out of the iOS app
Working smooth as silk for me. The wait is over!
obsessed with pinterest!!!
Its a good app. Haven't had any problems yet
Luv it... so far
Pintrest in my life
:)
Love pinterest on the pc more in love with the app for my phone! Now i can pin where ever i go!
Yes
Yes
I have been waiting for a Pinterest app for so long! Definitely not disappointed.
Fun and entertaining, so glad on android now thank you
It works great. I am glad they made an app for pinterest
Love this app! It was worth the wait :-)
Love it!!!
Dont get this app. You will spend your life on it its too awesome
Haven't had any issues browsing, pinning just having issues getting off it lol
Great app.
I was disappointed that there wasn't a Pinterest App on here, I was used to havin 1 on my iPhone b4 switching 2 my Galaxy S3.. but honestly the droid App is much better, it has more choices on it than the iPhone & easier to navigate.. I'm in ♡♡♡
A little bit addicted!
So many great ideas and much more... I highly suggest.....
Great app, has everything i need and love the swipe to the side for the search options and updates! :-)
So much better than the browser on my phone.
Instead of using my computer now I can pull out my tablet or phone when I get bored and look though pictures. My only complaint would be that the pictures take sometime in downloading.
A Great App!!
I'm so happy they finally got this app for the android market!!! And its works almost perfect!
Best app ever!!!!!! Love pinterest!!
To upload a pin from a website, hit the menu in your browser and select share page, as if you were emailing a page to someone. From here it gives the option (with multiple pic selection!) To share via pinterest. I discovered this today. Might be helpful to those who are frustrated about the lack of pinning options.
This app is horrible it constantly force closes and I even uninstalled and re installed!
Finally! I've been waiting for them to get am app. I love this website.
Best website ever!
Love it pinterest rocks!
This app has so much to offer! I've never seen anything more exciting and full of great ideas! You def won't miss out!!!
This app has so much to offer! I've never seen anything more exciting and full of great ideas! You def won't miss out!!!
Just missing the "Edit" function.
It is soo cool and realy good food
This is the best app EVER!!!!! Worth the wait!
This is the best app EVER!!!!! Worth the wait!
Razr. I absolutely ♥ this app! It's soooooo much better than the mobile website!  I must say, now I'm on this app more than the FB app!! Thank you Pinterest!!!
Good job
Works great on my evo
Amazing website DIY projects is a lot affordable then buying some of the actual thing
Amazing website DIY projects is a lot affordable then buying some of the actual thing
Love it
Works as it should
Thank you for finally making the app available for droids!!!!
The best place/site to get the BEST ideas!! :-)  #creativity
M soooo glad now i can pin from my cellphone too..
So glad it's finally here
It's even better than the web app! Very simple to use...even easier to waste time now!
It's even better than the web app! Very simple to use...even easier to waste time now!
My favorite website ever!  Now on my phone, & the addiction grows =}
So excited that we finally have this app!
Love the app for my HTC Inspire! No problems, works great, pics load up fast!
Love it! (:
Works great and easy to use!
Great!!
It's great! Easy to use! Pics are a little small, but its still so much better than using the mobile web page
I can Pin at work and no one suspects anything!!
pinterest for android.. which means i will be on my phone 99% of the day lol.
I'm so glad Pinterest is for Droid! I love the app
Addictive! Such a fun way to find inspiration.
So glad its finally available for android
So glad its finally available for android
哈哈
Awesome. Been waiting a long time for this app and it works great.
Great app!
Great app!
LOVE THIS!!!!!!!
I'm so happy pinterest is finally available as an app!! Works great! It is much more user friendly and much faster than the web version on my phone!
New app is great! Only wish I could edit my pins. Other than that, it works as expected.
I really like it. I've been waiting for this app like ages. I like the interfaces and keep up the good worked.
So easy to use!
Thnx for making it!!!!
love this.  great ideas for home, work, kids, everything
I had having many problems on the mobile site, I could not be happier for this app  thanks so much!!!!
Love it no problems so far!
I love the 'note' version much more vast and functional than the iphone version. Finally on android!
Awesome!
I love it soo.much
Love the app and haven't had any major issues.
Not able to pin from any sites, pined items shows as spam, not compatible with my other android version of Samsung 2.3.6 Fix it and get a 5 star
Love pinterest. Great , only good things to say. Everytime i get on Pinterest i can spend hours.
So happy they finally have pit for android and ever since ive been even more addicted to pinterest, although there are some technical errors nonetheless im still giving it 5stars.. wiiii.. :)
Finally an app for it. Looks really nice!!
I am hooked :)
Finally got an app for droid!
Love it!
So glad pinterest finally got an app! Works so good on DroidX2!!!
Must have apps.. genius!!
Works brilliantly on my note
I can't help but use this site on a daily basis love the fact that I can organize my stuff on here.
Love it!!
Love it!!
Addicted to pintrest, looked fir an app forever. And it's finally here! Yayy!
I enjoy  this app  so much. No issues.
I enjoy  this app  so much. No issues.
This is an amazing app. So glad pinterest decided to make their own app! So much better then the other "pinterest" apps!
I love it!
The one thing I missed about my iPhone was my pinterest app. Back to wasting time :)
Love it
My wife and I love pinterest and this app allows us to enjoy it on the go.
Haven't had any major issues besides small bugs. Repinning, pinning from gallery and pinning from my web browser were nearly flawless. Love it. Keep it up.  Motorola DROID RAZR.
SUCH a quality app and can do everything I can do online. I can actually repin things FASTER on this app then I can online!!!
Finally have a droid app! So much easier to use than the mobile version. I do wish there was a scroll to the top button instead of having to slide back to the top.
Works beautifully on my HTC One X. Pinning from web is possible via share list in drop down menu.
When you repin something you want, you see the name of the board name click the name and should be able to add board from there. And my review is still awesome and still could use more section when you're searching for items.
So excited for this app.. wish there was an easier way to scroll.... I scroll from the top down, then have to scroll all the way back.up to get the new pins. Maybe a 'jump to start' where we can jump back to where we started..
Fantastic to finally have a real Pinterest app!
FINALLY!!!!!
Fix the force close problem
I dont have to register on the website, why would you make me before I use this app?
Tried other Pinterest apps but they weren't very satisfying. Pinterest did it right. Makes Pinterest that much more addicting and easy to use. Totally worth the wait. Great job!!
Too difficult to register. Uninstalled.
Love it!
It's about time.
I am amazed at the speed and performance great job pinterest team!
Love,this!
I love you pinterest
I love you pinterest
its about time love the app
I love and live for this app, who ever made Pinterest, I worship you :)
It works great....thank you!!
Great app.glad there is an option other than slow site.thank you
Finally! So excited! absolutely love the app good job!!!
Great,  now I can take my obsession wherever I go!
Can't even get into sign up.
Can't even get into sign up.
Can't even get into sign up.
I love it!
Finally Pintrest is on Android!!! I love this more than tumblr!
Addicting
Love this app
This app actually does what the website does! Which I find rare (think facebook app!) Best of all it has full search facilities and all the categories. Not slow either. Will there be a pin it button for internet searches?
Very happy with this app
Love this app!
The long anticipated app for Android devices by Pinterest is here. So far everything works perfectly! Congrats!!!
Works wonderfully on my phone, with the exception that when I look at the pins I've marked as "like", after a few pins (~10) it just starts to show me the things I've pinned on a board instead
Finally! I luv it :)
When I first got an android phone I was super upset when I heard they didn't have a Pinterest app but now that it's here I love it!
LIKE IT VERY MUCH
great app love me some pinterest.
This app works the way an app should work on an iPhone, smooth and sexy.
This app is making a huge difference.  Works very well.  I am getting addicted.
The app is gorgeous. Glad they took their time to create such a beautiful app that works perfectly for Android.
The app is gorgeous. Glad they took their time to create such a beautiful app that works perfectly for Android.
Finally Pinterest for Sndroid!!! It's a wonderfull app. Just what we need
A+
Love the interface and they fixed a lot of the bugs. So easy to use!
I love love love this app! Now I don't have to have a computer in my possession or use the sloooooow browser on my  phone! Works great! Thanks pin people!
Love
Just like the web version but simplified.
I have been waiting for pinterest to come to android phone! Now its on. I'm on my phone non stop.
Better than the website!
So excited the android market finally has a pinterest app:)
Better visibility of various products or themes ..
Such a great app! Love it!
I've waited for this app long time and it works great!
Addicting!
Love at first sight I absolutely love this app its great easy simple steps 1,2,3 Its Great! its finally here people!   :D
Love this app !!
I'm so glad they made an app for android and it works so much better than the mobile site!
Love it!
Since the day I made my account on pinterest, it had kept me motivated to stay fit and made my life more efficient.
Much better!  Great app.
Love the app! Never force closes, but is way better than the browser
Thanks
Thanks for making this an android app!!!!
Finally  :-)
Love it.
Love it!
Its a real social networking app unlike FB
Love Love Love
Love it.  I have found many things on here love it
Love it.  I have found many things on here love it
Amazing app ;)
Love pinterest!!!! Wish it were easier to share pics via text - it only puts the link.
Great app! I'm so excited to finally have one!!! I find that when I'm pinning a lot of things in a short amount of time I'm asked to force close and/or the pictures start to load more slowly. Also out would be nice to tag people. Other than that the app has a great, smooth layout!!
Finally!!!!
Very happy wiTh thIs app....
Great app! Must HAVE
I wish every app was this good! So worth the wait. PERFECT! Why can't ALL apps be this good?!
glad its here!
Awesome App!!
im so happy we have this waited months!!
LOVE IT
So excited it finally here no.more shortcut to the website. So far so good  works great on my LG Connect :-)
Bout time! But upset that i opt out of face book posting and it still post to my face book. Very annoying to have on my news feed. That's why people follow each other on pinterest. To see each others pins. Not to see it here and then also see it on news feeds all over. Please fix
Have been using it on the computer. Greatest stress buster.
Love it!!
Works better than the actual website.
I love this app more than anything seriously
Works absolutely great all the time, no problems!
Yay.... took forever but so glad it's finally here!
Love it
Run very smooth and fast.
Finally!
Love it!
Love it!
It's soo much more convenient then going online and I use it way more now!
Its super addicting.
Congratulations... You've found a way to make Pinterest more addicting.
I have been waiting for this, works great on my gx2! Thanks pintrest!
Thsnk u 4 finally getting this om andriod! Its all plus some!
Loveeeeeee
Finally
I'm a PinAholic!
What took so long? I was growing tired of the weaker apps that didn't quite measure up. So far no problems like everyone else seems to be having. Does take a while for some stuff to load, but not enough to complain. Believe it's mainly AT&T
Love the app!
Very impressed by this app. It even loads well and quickly when I'm in 3G. Definitely gets 5 stars from me!
I was sad when i got my new phone and it didnt have a pinterest app but now i have something to do all day with this! Only problem is it runs out my battery
Waited so long, thank you!
So awesome so easy!
So addicting. But I've found some great recipes and home decor ideas. I've also found some great rainy day activities to do with my toddler.
Nice.... glad this got released for android...
Finally, Pinterest bows down! After giving up on second rate Pinterest apps, I am finally able to use an app that understands me. Perfection so far.  Much love.
Love it.  So easy.  Makes pinterest even more addictive.
Perfect
I love it. I've been waiting for it. Its really good. Nice& easy.
Finally!
Finally!
Finally!
Couldn't possibly love any app more!!!
Love it!  But it keeps force closing on me..reinstalling again
Love it!!! Finally an Android app!!!
Bshw
love it
Really clean, great graphics, easy to mamage and cute as Pinterest can be! Simple love it, been specting this app for a while!
Really clean, great graphics, easy to mamage and cute as Pinterest can be! Simple love it, been specting this app for a while!
To finally have this app!!! About time!!!! I love it too! Way better than the Iphone version!!!
This app is so much better than the app for iOS Thank god its finally out
Works perfectly on my HTC Sensation. Have been waiting for this app forever and so glad it finally came to Android.
Finally!! This app works so much better than trying to use Pinterest through the internet on my Droid Bionic!! I love it!!
Finally an app for pinterest! This app works great! It's really easy to pin pictures and view other peoples profiles. I love this app!
I waited so long for this app! I love that I can view pinterest  on the go!!!
Love this app! It allows you to do as much as the website which is awesome because apps are generally limited. They have done a brilliant job with this app and it was worth the wait
I have been waiting so long for the Android app and somehow it slipped by me. I am in love with Pinterest all over again <3 DROID RAZR
Love! Get this app! :)
Love it!
Is cool
Best app ever!
Best app ever!
Amazing app... Love it
Im sure its not perfect....but it hasn't proved that to me yet!!
Im sure its not perfect....but it hasn't proved that to me yet!!
Best app ever I was really looking for this and is awesome!!!!
I was so upset when I lost the app and couldn't get it back. But this one is 10 times better and faster then the other one!
Love the app! I waited so long for the app. It is so much better than the mobile site.
Great app except now I spend WAY too much time on pinterest!
Been waiting a long time for an android app. Works as advertised
I love this free app it shows so many different ideas and you get soooo many of good ideas for everything!!!  Thank you
Very very GOOD
So happy its finally on Android :D
Love this a lot better then the mobile website
Been waiting for this forever but totally worth it. Love the layout. Very user friendly. Thanks pinterest!
great ideas love it
Awesome app! Waited forever for it!
This is one of my favorite apps.  Works well, easy to navigate.
Love
Beautiful, seamless, easy to use and well designed app! Love it.
Finally.
Works seamlessly and perfectly. I am thrilled with this app. Thanks so much.
Meets my expectations. Excellent. Works perfect.
I am so happy they finally created an app.
Great job! Love it! It was definitely worth the wait!
Great job! Love it! It was definitely worth the wait!
Forget it. Unistalling.
Forget it. Unistalling.
Good ideas for everything
Well worth the wait!  Thanks Pinterest!
Finally!! I am so excited pinterest came to android. The other apps for it were awful!! Thanks pinterest happy pinning!!
I've been waiting for this! Fantastic!!
Love pinterest, love app
i use this all day everyday fantastic ideas
I want to thanl pinterest team for android app. Super, super, super. I was waiting for it.
Now login via facebook issue resolved. :) I like simple and fast. Good app
Now login via facebook issue resolved. :) I like simple and fast. Good app
Total ease when pinning on my phone now! And right there when I want it! No problems at all with it, I'm stoked!
So addicting!
Good recipes
So glad this app was made :)
Im so in love with this app! Im one happy girl! <3
Love this app! Responds well.
Love It
ive been waiting for this app!
ive been waiting for this app!
Good application. Works great!
I am a male and what is this I don't even.
Works great!
Best. Ever. Love it!!
I love pintrest
I can't pin or like things. I can look only. I'd rather go window shopping around town. Thank goodness I didn't spend money on this app....
Ive been waitin for a pinterest app :)
Love love love!!! I can't say enough about this app. Iphone has had it for a while...thank you android for finally getting it! <3<3<3
Love love love!!! I can't say enough about this app. Iphone has had it for a while...thank you android for finally getting it! <3<3<3
Boring
Love it, use it more on my Droid!
I love love love this app! Pinterest is fun again.
I love love love this app! Pinterest is fun again.
I think its a great app
Worth the wait. I love this app, I have been downloading all afternoon.
Love it!
I love this app! So addicting!
So much better than the mobile site. Htc rezound & samsung galaxy 10" tablet.
Fast, smooth, easy to use. I love it!
A easy way to spend 3 hrs online without batting an eye. Lots of good ideas.
Love it
Love it
and i love it! fast and easy.
So excited to use!
I have been sitting here for almost an hour trying to download this app, but it's still not downloading. Its quite frustrating
Like I said Love it!!!!!
I love to pin it, pin it.
<3
Love it
Works good & loads fast. Perfect:)
If it says your pin is a virus it is simply because you must remind yourself that this is not tumblr, it is pinterest - a site that bookmarks websites, not photographs. The link you are pinning may be a viral site!
Waited so long for it to come on android didnt think it would but its here yaaa
Awesome!
But could it be bigger? Maybe the option for single column instead of two for the visually challenged?  Otherwise, sooooo glad there is an app now and very streamlined and sleek at that.
I love pinterest and this app was definitely worth the wait!!!
Pinning & picture loading is super fast!! desk top version is pathetic compared to this..I can't seem to be able to edit or delete boards but its only a little problem...
I love it. It gave me so many beauty, food, and home tips and tricks.. I absolutely love it!
Absolutely love love love it! The best pinterest app! I've had one before that was just like the mobile site and did not like it at all! This app, however, is quick, easy and more user friendly. Loving it!!!!!!!
Make me so happy. I used to access it through the web.
APP
Best app EVER
Best app EVER
Best app EVER
Also doesn't allow me to find friends on Facebook that also use Pintersst - says it can't connect despite signing in with Facebook.
I waited forever for this app, and I'm a little disappointed.  At first it seemed great. I was able to log in and move the screen to view popular pins.  Now that's all I can do.  It won't let me view my boards or other options.  I think I'll stick to being irritated repinning on my browser.  At least there are more options doing that.  Please fix so I can use this app!
I've been waiting for an Android Pinterest app and this one works very well!
Thank you for saving me money and having more to do eith my kids!
Waited so long for this app! It is fantastic, very fast and seamless. I would like to be able to tag people in the pins still but otherwise it is great! Thanks!
Pintrest is amazing.
Pintrest is amazing.
:p
Ive enjoyed this so far, have only used a few times.
Really love this app. Just downloaded it and love it. Works better than going to the actual website. I use it alot when I'm out and want to refer back to one of my boards. If you are a pintrest fan this app is a must have.
Yesyesyes! This is fantastic! Loads quickly, easy to navigate, and fun fun fun! Thank you!
LOVE the new Pinterest app!  It's way faster and more cohesive than any other Pinning app I've tried before!  It's about time they made one for Android!
I love pinterest!
Love love love this application!  Thank you for finally making one. The one from the internet made it hard to enjoy.
I love this app. I find myself pinning when I should be doing other things.
Worth the wait!!!!
Love it!!!!
Great app!!! Works wonderfully. Quick, easy and effortless. I wish all apps were this great!
Very easy to use
Better than mobile site and easy to use
Been waiting for an official app, love it! Loads quick and all my board's are at my finger tips!
Love the pics ppl pin in there those are amazing in any category you would like to see.
Yes I'm sure many would agree with me that this has been a much anticipated app and it doesn't disappoint one bit. Great on any Android phone and fantastic on tablets. Kudos!
So glad this app is here! It is very user friendly.
I was so excited when you guys made the Pinterest app for android and I have become addicted. But...ever since last night the pictures wont load. It just keeps saying its loading. It does this too when I try to look at my boards or pins. Also, it will force close when I try to re pin these pictures. It definetely is a great app but I can't give you that fifth star because of that problem. Hope you can fix it!
So easy I love it. I'm totally hooked!
I love pintrest, and this just makes it better
I have loved Pinrerest for ages and longed for an Android app SO GLAD IT'S FINALLY HERE !!!=>
Excellent UI, very impressive, I wish more android apps with this smoothness, I wasn't a fan of pinterest but I'm kind of digging it now, please don't mess it up with upcoming updates
Amazing.
So glad to finally have an Android Pinterest app!!!!! This works great on my incredible 2!!!
Reboots my phone. Alot. My Photon is very stable & will rarely force close. Until now. Thanks for finally making an android app. I signed up for Pinterest b/c of this app. Hope you can fix this.
Better and faster than on my computer.
Love this app! So happy pinterest finally made an app for droids. Works great and does everything I need! Samsung galaxy 2 tab
Love it!
Its cool to have pinterest android app.
Love it works great n no problems so far
So much better then using the mobile site!!!
Finally!! windows phone is waiting for Pinterest too!!
Finally!! windows phone is waiting for Pinterest too!!
Now people can get to know me through pics!!!!
I've been looking around for this app for a long time... So happy I found it... An easier faster way to waste time online lol... Love pinterest!
Been waiting for Android version for a while now... I haven't had a lot of time to check out but so far so good.
Awesome!!
So excited, I'm so addicted :)
Ok.
About frickin time!
About frickin time!
About frickin time!
Finally! I'm so happy Pinterest is finally on Android!!!! Works great! Thank you thank you!
Awesome
This app. Is awesome!! So glad it's finally here!! Although it does seem to freeze sometimes, but not always.
This app. Is awesome!! So glad it's finally here!! Although it does seem to freeze sometimes, but not always.
Working good and finally here... Thanks!!
I love having this! I was using the internet on my phone to go on pinterest; this way is so convient! I love it! No complaints <3
Oooooooh yeah! Pinterest 24/7 :)
I'm so happy to have this on my android. Works great on HTC inspire.
I'm so happy to have this on my android. Works great on HTC inspire.
It's just the way I expected it to be!
It's cool just needs a little tweaking..
Love it! Works wonderfully. Much better than off the phones browser. Very quick loading. Re pins in .1 of a second! Well done :)
I've been waiting for forever for this app, & I definitely wasn't disappointed! It's pretty much taken up all of my time since its install... Worth getting, but I wish there was a way to edit your boards (like delete and/or rename them, like you can on the web version).
Whoa
Whooo! I'm soooo excited! Its been a long time coming and its finally here! #HappyPinner :)
Waited forever for this app to finally come and it doesn't disappoint! Works fantastic!!! I think they waited so long so they could get everything just right and they did a great job! Thanks for giving us such a wonderful working app!
Kkooddooss to dis app
This is awsome app and let us live together peacefully.
Works so well spend so much time on here! So easy to use and its quick too! Love it!!
Sometimes app forces close. Wish it would, because Pinterest is like a drug. I just can't get enough of it! :)
Great app! been waiting for it.
;)
This app is amazing!
Use it all the time & makes things soooo much easier!
Love love this site
Omg finally on the android market! And from what I can see so far, runs smoother than the iPhone version...just sayin...
Five stars
Works perfectly
Awesome app
Mine works great! It loads fast and you can delete pine and create pins now!
Very nice, works very much like the website in a computer browser.  Swiping to the side is a nice touch too. Wish it had the scroll to top button on the app though. Motorola Xoom.
Can't even sign up. Runs really slowly and have to give up choosing pics. Uninstalling. Worst app I have ever downloaded.
So happy interest finally made its way to androids!!!!
Ahhhhhh! Overload of amazingness
So happy with this app. It is amazing.
I LOVE THIS APP!
Best app ever!!!!!!
Great app guys!!!!! Beats the hell out of going on the web all the time for pinterest!!!! And weekly updates to the app..... great app guys keep up the good work
So glad it's here and it works great <3
So glad it's here and it works great <3
So glad this finally has made it to the Android Market! I hated always having to access this from my computer. Now I can use this everyday right from my phone. I hope it only gets better!
Finally a pinterest app. yay!!! Pics upload a little slow but thats fine. We finally have an app :)
Atlast in android market... Most awaited apps... Thanks :)
I am addicted to pinterest and was very excited to find out I could now get it on my Samsung galaxy tablet but I've noticed it's rather slow compared to when I use it on my iphone. I hope they fix the bugs soon. Still an awesome app!!!
It finally happen I'm so happy
I love this app. So easy to use and loads quick. Samsung Galaxy.
Finnaly pinterest on android!
Since the update the application is fast, and perfect. No complains!
thanks.
I'm so happy Androids finally have a Pinterest app again! Was a little slow before the update, now I don't think there is anything to complain about.
but worth the wait.. i love the new app!
Love The App. I'm Sure The App Will Get Better Since It Is Brand New!
Works amazing!!!!love it!!!!
Really nice
Nice app but it needs a lot of polishing. I cant even upload a profile picture! It also freezes sometimes during browsing.
It's finally here! No issues at all & I love the setup.
Easy searching... awesome category page.... no issues Keith freeZing... fast and consistent.
Love pinterest!!
mast
As a teacher, artist, and as a mother, this app is very usefull.
Finally
Soooooooo excited about this app ...........thank you thank you thank you
Love the app when I can actually look at things. After about two minutes of opening it always says I've exceeded my rate limit or that too many requests have come from my address. Will give 5 stars when fixed
Love the app when I can actually look at things. After about two minutes of opening it always says I've exceeded my rate limit or that too many requests have come from my address. Will give 5 stars when fixed
Love it! Much easier to use than the other application.
This app is phenomenal, as easy and fast as online!! Incredible for pinterest!!
OMG I'm so glad it is back!!!
I am so happy that Pinterest is now offered on Android.  YEAH!
Just download it. Its AWESOME!
Beatport
i have waited this for so longg, so lazy keep looking on my pc
Love it. I've been waiting for this.
I had a different version (maybe not from Pinterest even though it said it was) and it loads much faster. Plus I love that the pins are only one larger picture across. That being said I do like the ease of searching. It needs to refresh to my home screen each time I log in,  too.
Finally for Droid! One happy girl :)
Love this thanks
Love this app! The transition is soooo smooth!
Good App
Great app! Love its ease of use. Very enjoyable and addicting!
So glad Android finally releases this. I love it, it works great on my HTC EVO 4G LTE. Loads fast and is just really great. Yay Pinterest!!!
Good!
Seems smooth, intuitive and even more fun than using it on a normal computer browser, but good lord that took forever to release.
Amazing!! Easy to use and navigate.
Android finally got Pinterest! I've only been waiting 9 million years but hopefully the long wait means it works good :)
Much better than FasterPin!!! Very pleased thank-you
I love this app!!
Love the app! Easy to pin, easy to use. Enjoying.
I have been waiting ages for an Android app for pinterest as there has been one out for iPhone for a while. I was so excited and it works great. Wish I could change profile info/picture from the app but its only a minor inconvenience. Thank you.....FINALLY!
Works beautifully, thanks for getting it right!
Oh my gosh I am one happy pinner....Pinterest on my phone....omg  so awesome!!   No problems whatsoever.
Finally!! Love this app!
this works great on my galaxy s3 ! love it!
sweet!
sweet!
I love it. So easy and convenient!
Love it
This app is awesome! It makes pinning so much easier and faster! Love it!
I would give this five stars but the pictures take FOREVER to load!! Please fix and I will change my review to a five! Updating my review to a five!! Since updating its working great!! Thank you!
I can't PIN anything from my browser....
Dream come true. No complaints.
Love it - smooth & perfect.... Better than website.
OMGosh!  I SOOO LOVE this app!  It's FANTASTIC!   It makes enjoying Pinterest from my cell so much easier!  I'm one HAPPY pinner!   :)  :)
Much much much better! Love it. Works great!
this won't work.. i keep trying to sign up, won't even let me. please fix. :/
this won't work.. i keep trying to sign up, won't even let me. please fix. :/
I find it can take a while for the images for some searches, but it is worth the wait!! Such a great source for anything!!
Totally addicted!! :)
Thank you!! Love it! Great app!
Would nice with an edit button to change boards of a pin
How in the world did we live WITHOUT Pintrest?
So happy android finally got pinterest. The app runs smooth everything is simple and easy to navigate. Much better than trying to use through the internet on my phone.
Been waiting patiently to have my pinboard at my fingertips!! Great app!
It's a little buggy but I'm so excited that android finally got it!
Loved pinterest anyways, now with this app, it so easy and fun to use!!!
I've been looking forward to this for so long, and this app doesn't disappoint!
Awesome!!
So much better than pinterest mobile... had no problems
Good app
Wish I knew about this before now. I love all the recipes!
Amazing!!!
Pinterest for android.....need I say more!?
I'm so glad to finally see a Pinterest app for Android.  I find it much more user friendly then the one for iphone as well.
Perfect app ever made!(:
App is fast and seamless. Couldn't be happier! Finally!!
The app loads quickly includes all aspects of the websitesite and flawlessly goes from one page to another.  Keep it up!
Awesome app!! Love it!! :)
Yes at last its here, but where is the widget I was hoping for ? Nevertheless great app for a great social network :)
I love pintrest so much Im glad pintrest is also on anroid!!!! Your devoted pinner!
Awesome app. Love it.
I love this app!! I am so happy that it finally came out on google market. I have been wanted it to come out here for so long!!
Nice app
So happy :)
You will be addicted!
Love it!! Been waiting on this for a long time!! So excited!!:D
So much better! Love it x
Need an idea type it in the search. Walla!  Hundreds of ideas at your finger tips
Had the website saved as a shortcut before this the app is so much easier to use.
I put up a one star yesterday because there were some major issues going on. But I reinstalles everything today & it works great!
So much better than the i phone app! I love it and have been patiently waiting... thank you!!
Love pin
Love this!
Very addictive
OMG wonderful app for a stay at home mom to get great ideas for kids, gifts, house, everything. I love the DIY  I also think the app is very very easy to use.
Works great, easy to navigate
I have been waiting for this app for too long.!
;) finally
TOOK Y'ALL LONG ENOUGH...so happy right now (:
This app is gorgeous.
I have waited so long for this app. Love it :)
This app is great. I just wish it would let me change my profile picture! Please follow me:  kyera_denise
Very happy to see Pinterest for Android!! Works great!!
Love this app
One of my favorite apps!! So easy to use!! Works great!!
love how much I can do now
love how much I can do now
great app.             Thanks barbieitis        .
Awesome!
I never review apps... But this one is sooo great I just had to do it! It's flawless! Thanks!! Didn't expect it to be so great, especially since the mobile website never worked for me, EVER! Thanks again!
Love love love
I have been waiting forever for this app!
Amazing app. Run so smoothly and doesn't crush at all like many other on the market. Love it! I asked myself when are they going to do an app like this.and here it is. I was a fan already with web interface...enjoy it.
Love pinterest!!!
Works great on my Evo Shift AND my galaxy tab! LOVE!
Soooo happy you have this for Android now :)
Lovee it so much better than the mobile site!!
Been waiting a long time for this app. Awesome!
So glad there's an android app! The mobile site was garbage
The wait is over!! This app works perfect. I love it, no complaints!
Thank you pinterest for finally coming to android! No glitches for the droid charge as of yet and I've used it every day since installation.
Love this app! Just wish there was an easy way to look at my boards. Works great though!
Love this app! Just wish there was an easy way to look at my boards. Works great though!
Lots. of ideas!!!
i love its layout .... very fast
That is all.
Nice one! Could have been still more better if it would show pics randomly than a bunch follo by next set..
Love, Love, Love this app! It makes everything easy to look at, organize, and pin.
Have been looking for this app a long time!!!
Good app
this is a great app!
Love this site so excited that they have an app now!
I literally just gave up my iPhone for Samsung S III. I was worried bout not having this app. But it's finally on android and its ten times better!! More organized like pin the site with more than pin showing on my screen makes me smile.
Finally!!!!!
Thank you so much for satisfying my pinterest addiction. All the other apps were horrible :(
My go to recipes! So fun to explore every interest! Favorite pass time app.
No issues so far.  Very user friendly!  No longer need to go to the website.
Love love love this app!!!! So far it's outstanding, no complaints here :)
This app is so great. I had been using the pinterest app on my iPod and was excited to see this was available on the Android market. It is user friendly and makes pins easy to find.
I can't stop pinning!
This app is cool
So glad this is finally on android. It was a pain trying to pin things through the website on a mobile browser.  After yesterday's update, it's even quicker and snappier on my Galaxy Nexus.   For those of you mentioning you have been getting the "too many requests from your device", I get this sometimes on my desktop's browser when I start pinning a bunch of things one right after another. There are a lot of websites that set something up for this in order to try to prevent spamming by autoprograms. It tells you something is fishy and you have too many requests because it thinks you might be a spammer. Then you just have to type in the re-captcha letters/numbers they show you. Doing this will tell Pinterest that you are not a spammer and then it will let you go ahead and pin.  For browsing from websites while on your phone, once the Pinterest app is installed, you should now have Pinterest as an option in your "Share" Menu. You might have to restart your phone first for it to show up, though. Then just go to the site, select your share menu, then select Pinterest from the list of apps it gives you.
Its really great and all, but when I'll click on a link to a website it will say error or something like that,  when my phone has ful internet acsess..
Great app, makes pinning and repinning so much easier on my phone!
Eindelijk een Pinterest app.
This was the one app I missed when I switched from I phone to Droid.  Sorry glad you have it back.
Loveeeee it
I am in love with pinterest
so happy they finaly made one for android
It works great for my droid that has ice cream sandwitch. But it doesn't work for my Samsung galaxy tablet that also has ice cream sandwich... wish it did it is an awesome app!
If you spam 'Pin It'. It will pin as many time as you pressed. Then your board will be filled w the same photo. Fix it (: overall is great apps.
Super happy to finally have the app! Ready for many ideas. <3 it!!
Beautiful and handy! Great job
It's finally here!!!
Wish I didn't love this app so much since it consumes so much of my time but I love having it and the format is perfect and easy to use!! I <3 u pinterest!!
Finally
Great app!!
love! Works great.
This is the best site ever!
Finally! Works great so far. I'm so sick of the mobile Web version.
Love this new app! Looks just like being on the computer and easier to repin. However my phone won't allow me to uninstall the previous app that you all put out first.
Love having some pinterest app on my phone. It's easy to use and looks great.
Yay!! Pintrest has a app!! I love love love it WAY better than the mobile website ( :
Yay!! Pintrest has a app!! I love love love it WAY better than the mobile website ( :
Yay!! Pintrest has a app!! I love love love it WAY better than the mobile website ( :
I was excited to see this app for Android at last. Now I can pin from my phone as well as my laptop.
You've made me a happy girl! I just wish I could pin while surfing on my phone.
My favorite app ever
What a great bday surprise to finally see pinterest for android. Hopefully it doesnt lose stars. Thanks!
Excellent app for your phone. Fun way to chill out right at your finger tips.
Excellent app for your phone. Fun way to chill out right at your finger tips.
Excellent app for your phone. Fun way to chill out right at your finger tips.
Was finially able to log in, and now it keeps force closing.
Can't even load since the update, please fix. Was good until this...
Can't even load since the update, please fix. Was good until this...
awesome
I used pinterest on my iphone but the app for droid is way better! Easy repinning, love that it shows the descriptions & pictures, and great layout
I am so hooked! This is super fast and fabulously easy to use!
Well, the comments do seem fantastic, but it doesn't work that well on the HTC one v. Its quite laggy and buggy, and sometimes it take forever to load. Other times, you can't log in. Sometimes no pictures appear and connection errors are frequent. Anyways, it does seem to have a lot if potential in it.
At its finest!!!
Great place to share your favorite styles, concepts, recipes, and ideas!
Being a pinterest junkie this app is perfect! Not had any problems (s2) and am pinning way too much. Fantastic :-)
Most useful app. Still needs optimisation though.
Most useful app. Still needs optimisation though.
I love that I can now pin from anywhere, great app so far
With the new updates everything seems to be a lot faster and runs even smoother than before.
Love pintrest. Once you start you can't stop!!
Finally! IT works good too
It was about time we get that app. Actually, it works quite smooth on my phone :-)
now im going to waste even more time onnpinterest!! :) yayyy android app!
I <3 Pinterest!!! This app is set up so clean and simple. I love it.
One of the best things to do wen there nothing to do
One of the best things to do wen there nothing to do
Finally!!!!!! Thank you for making the Android app, only one suggestion..  Pleaseeee make the pin bookmarklet available for Android..  I want to be able to pin from a website like you can with the bookmarklet.
Good app.....
I have been waiting to have the capability to be on pinterest on my phone instead of the laptop !
Bugs fixed yey :)
Lovee it
I luv it!!!
This is what I want thanks :)
Very nice! It works brilliantly. Well thought out, fast, and intuitive. To pin from browser: Menu -> More -> Share page -> Create pin.
It works great, no lag or hiccups and the interface is perfect. Great job!
Im addicted to thiis app !
I was so excited to see this in the play store! Love how nice & smooth it is too navigate so far.
It's about time!
Finally!!! Love this app
Love it haven't have any issues far very happy!
Been waiting forever...love it
Been waiting for this app!
Been waiting for this app!
I was really tempted to get an ipad or iphone to have this app. Im so glad they have it for android :) i love this app.
So glad to finally have this app to Android! Very easy to navigate, love it!
I've been searching every time and it's finally here
Love it no problem on my.android.
Looks very promising. Thank you Pinterest
I simply love pintetest!! Now that its on android I can't resist but jump. Works fine & no problems please don't ruin it with all the updates in the future.
Glad to finally have Pinterest as an app! I know there are glitches but I appreciate all the hard work being done by the developers to provide quick updates to fix them! Looking forward to future updates that will not only work out the bugs but also offer new feature, like the ability to edit boards and follow! But I can wait!
At last, the app I have been waiting for. Works beautifully!
Finally, Pinterest comes to Android.
This is a very useful, helpful, convenient app I have used before. :)
Finally the Android version is available ....feel good so far… Happy pinning!
Now I can pin on the go. I am slaffer27 everywhere.
I love it
I've been waiting girl this app for a LONG time. It's extremely user friendly and they make it very easy to post to your different boards.
Very very happy. Been looking for this app for months! (:
so happy they have a proper Android app!
Great app. My wife had something similar but this is much better.
Theres finally an app for google play!
Awesome!
Just amazing!
Sometimes slow to load, but all in all...I love it...so glad to finally have it on my Android
;)' ...
Amazing!! I've been waiting for this application for a while now!!
Literally been checking the play store everyday since June waiting for this app! Sooo excited!
finally...ahhhh....an app that works, I love it
finally...ahhhh....an app that works, I love it
I downloaded this app earlier today love it it is so much easier than the site  Love it super easy and awsome follow me
Had the same issue logging in but I restarted my phone and it worked Great after! I forecast sleepless nights ahead ;)
Its good
I love this app! The features are great. Just like on the computer!
Performance hit or miss. Sometimes take forever to load draining a ton of battery in the process... Pinning via share menu from Stock or Chrome Browser doesn't work. Have to download image and create pin from there, which destroys the back link. UI is decent though.  Also, is it even possible to create a board from the app itself?
This app was worth the wait.
Excellent app, i had been wishing they created an app for Android and now they have soo in love with it! Very addicting i should warn!
Excellent app, i had been wishing they created an app for Android and now they have soo in love with it! Very addicting i should warn!
This made my day!
Love it!  Works perfect and so easy to use. Thank you pinterest for finally getting an app for android!
Love this app!!
Been waiting for this app for ages and so far loving it!
I'm addicted to Pinterest and am super thankful I can now take it on the go :)
So happy they have an app for Android now! Im truly  addicted!
Love this apppppp!  So glad there is finally an app
That is all.
Been waiting to see this app for a while now!!! Glad they finally got it on here, it works better than the online version!!
Loved this app, but ever since the past two updates, I can no longer login.  Keeps saying that it is unable to find a server... please fix! Thank you!
.
Amazing
I love social media and know you've given me a way to share what I love most. Thank you!
I am so happy they finally made this app for android!
Works great now! Thanks for fixing it! :)
Works awesome on my Moto Electrify :-)
Love this app, use it everyday!!
So excited for this app!
About time they got this for evo.. Good app. The update makes it slower.. but it is very oraganized.. i love it!!
I love pintereat! And im SO HAPPY you came up with an android app!
This app is just about perfect!  Thanks for getting it right Pinterest!!  Love it!
the best most inspiring site ever
Don't wanna work since I downloaded it!
Seriously. It's about time.
About darn time!!!!
Yayy!! Finally, I've been waiting for this!! And so far so good :)
I'm so gld there is finally an official pinterest app for android!
LOVE IT.
Luv this stuff!
People need to chill on the 1 stars...servers are overloaded from the app release on android.  App will be flawless once they figure out the overflow.
Works better than the actual full site!
So happy to finally have a real Pinterest app that is fully functional.  So far so good!
Love this app! Lots of awesome ideas!
Get on just for e 'sec' then spend hours on here lol. It's wonderful on my android.
I want the application but I can't login, been trying for days.  Help:-) :-) :-)
Finally!
Everything I ever wanted :)
As I pin mostly on Kindle Fire & Android, this app has resolved all issues I had previously.  Works very well.  Thank you!!!
Fierce
Since excited about the android app  happy pinning
You have thought of everything! So worth the wait!
Love it! Super easy to use!
I tell everyone about this site and now I tell them they can do it from am android device! Thank you!
Im so thankful there is finally an pintrest app for the Android. Thanks so much i love it<3
I love this app
Love to pin
love the new pinterest app!
I couldn't wait until this happened!
Just what I was waiting for! =] looks nice and runs smoothly, even when checking out the website associated with the pin.
Love love love
I love this app!
So far no problems.  Hope to pin from other sites soon
Love love love!!! Works better than the full site on my desktop! Easy to navigate,view,  and repin!
Runs smooth, looks great, easy to use! I'm impressed. Galaxy S 1. So happy to finally have an app instead of online browsing! Thanks!
Awesome app
Awesome app
Been waiting for this app on Android for a long time! Thank you!
Thanks so much finally pinterest!!!!
It took long enough but thanks!!! :-D
Ive been waiting so long for this app to come for android! Made my day! Wrks perfect.
Love the app so far! Runs smoothly and very nice on the eyes ! Good job Pinterest!  :) happy happy happy!  Nice update .... faster & less battery use!
I love this app! Its even better than the actual website!
I love this app! Its even better than the actual website!
This is the app I've been waiting for for months
Love it! Soo entertaining! :)
Thank you Pinterest for a awesome on the go app!!!!
Love this app!!
Love love finally having p interest for android! Especially like that it displays more than one pic at a time.
So happy its on android
Was just turned on to this and I love haha, better late than never
Love it!
Thank u for this app
I have been waiting.for this app forever.!!! I love pinterest!!!!
Love it. Really smooth.
Love love love!!!
I love Pinterest!! Thx for making an app!
Love it
Love it! This is so not helping my addiction to Pinterest
Love this app , I try to pin as much as I can.
Love this app , I try to pin as much as I can.
Much better than the online version.
Ive been wanting this on my phone for so long!!! And its amazing :D
Finally an app for android! I quite like it. Very easy to use. No issues as of yet with this newly released app.
Repinning is great...BUT how can I pin to my boards if I'm browsing online from my phone?)
No problems yet
So glad this app is available on my droid now
So happy you have an Android app now!!
Finally on Android thanks! Runs very smooth on evo 4G
Love it I u can find some pretty cool stuff(((:
Been waiting for this for the longest time.
Pinterest for Android #Happy
This is so great!
Finally a Pinterest app! Works great and is so much better than the mobile site. Thank you!
Love love love pinterest!!
I love this app !!!
The best thing on the web now on my phone with a sweet interface, pure genious! I'd even pay tbh.
Love it
FINALLY!!!!!!!
glad they released this... good app!
It is wonderful.
Greatest app
Love, Love, Love this app!!!
Just got this yesterday and I am so in love with it! I like that u can search by category or ur followers.
Fantastic! So glad to finally have an official app for my fav site
AMAZING I LOVE IT!!!!
Simply put it works. Great out of the gate android app effort.
The Pinterests team deserves a round of applause for making an app according to Android UI design and not a ported version. The streams are smooth and loads fast. Love using it more than the web version.
now it's PERFECT! fastest fein than the online web version. love it!! Motorola defy
This app works perfectly on my Droid RAZR :)
Love it
I love this app...it's even better then pinning on my computer! Worth the wait for Android
So many awesome ideas!
So many awesome ideas!
I click the thumbnail and the Pin It button shows up. Click that and nothing happens. Problem persists after latest update.
Gorgeous pictures ! Offline browsing could be nice extra. Also changing of the background color with black at night .
This app is amazing! So easy to use and much better then trying to use pinterest through Google.
Im addicted
Finally!!
Great great great great great app
Im soooo addicted :)
i freaken love this app! its a must get kinda app!!! :)
app
<3
I love pinterest and this app rocks!!!!!
Finally for droid!! No problems so far!
So much better than the app I was using!
I love this app
So much nicer to scroll through then going through the internet on my phone!
amazing app no flaws everything seems to work perfectly now I can take pinterest with me which will be great when I go to Hobby Lobby
Finally! The perfict app
Faultless app. No crashing. Just works. A pleasure to use!
I am so excited. The app works great and smoothly. Seriously. It's wonderful.
Finally pinterest on play... waiting for it since I bought android
where Is zoom ?? although I loved It to the core ... I would like to suggest that zoom feature is still not present in this app.. if possible try to implement that ..
where Is zoom ?? although I loved It to the core ... I would like to suggest that zoom feature is still not present in this app.. if possible try to implement that ..
This app
This app
Gotta love pintrest!!
Perfect!! So glad its a stood app now :)
I've been waiting for a Pinterest app and this is exactly what I wanted! Thank you!
Im new to the pinterest app. And i must say how happy i am that the app exists first. Then i must say it is well designed all around. I hope it stays this way!!! Thanks for making!!!
I lovee this app so much. It's basically all I do now.
At all, just sits on the loading icon
Loving this on my HTC droid
Don't know what you do in thenew upstream but its loading with no problem now. It is now the perfect pinterest app! Thanks!
Absolutely love it! So much easier to actually repin. Instead of just liking everything then having to repin it when you get on a comp.
This app is so much better than the apple version! Love it
Loving this app
Finally!!!!
HTC Sensation user...works Great! :)
been waiting forever. it's not as good as iPhone but works well. just a little slow loading pictures otherwise I would give 5 stars. fixed it quickly now a five!
Works great on razr
Thanks for finally having it on android!!!loveeeeeit.
Thanks for finally having it on android!!!loveeeeeit.
This app is so much easier than using the web on my phone.
So much better now! Def will make it more addicting now
Atlast pinterest on android!!!!
Love it
This app seems well designed but the images load very slowly. I'm using a fast wifi connection but they still take a while to load as I scroll. I am on an older phone, HTC EVO4G but the app runs quick, just the images load slowly.   EDIT: The newest update has spread up the loading of images immensely great job team!
Thank you!!!!
Yay
Love it!
I actually like the app much better than using a browser. My app hasn't crashed yet. Love it! Its so easy to use.
I was waiting for this
I love this new app! I had the old one but uninstalled it. This one is a keeper!!!
I love this new app! I had the old one but uninstalled it. This one is a keeper!!!
I adore pinterest. Now I can plan my dream home/life/wardrobe & figure everywhere I am.
This app is just like ur on ur computer. So easy to use
well finally :p
Great app!
Takes up 250+MB just picking pics during the signup!
Takes up 250+MB just picking pics during the signup!
Totally worth the wait. Almost flawless app. Needs a little bit more smoothness IMHO. Cheers!
Finally pinterest has just landed on android!excited!
I've been waiting for this in months! And now it's here. Can't wait to start pinning stuff
I love love love pinterest. Hope you have a lifetime, because it could take that long to do everything you'll want to do here.
So happy this app is finally available for android! Love the new update it loads so much faster!!
FINALLY a Pinterest app! And it rocks! Thank you
I'd rather use this app on my smartphone than use my laptop. It's so easy to use!
been waiting forever for this app soooo happy w it
I live this app, I just wish it hadn't taken so long to come to Android...
Greatest app ever
No problems at all on S3. Great app.
Love this app. About time its available for Android.
Love this app. About time its available for Android.
So much easier to look through compared to the mobile site. Working just fine on my end.
I'm so excited that this website finally has an application! So far it works really well.
Seems great so far! Very happy!
Love it
Who doesnt like this App. !!! Its inspirational and can learn some great ideas Love it.. yayyy for the Android App. Big smile on this Girl :))))
I am SO glad y'all finally made an android app!!
perfect. just what i wanted and its so easy to use. works great!
perfect. just what i wanted and its so easy to use. works great!
I totally love it. I could spend days paging through the pictures.
Amazing! I love it. It runs better than the website. I haven't had any problems. If it had more stars, I would give it more stars.
OMG  finally on my Galaxy.......i'm so excited!!! .THANK YOU!!!
Best Pinterest app!!
So much easier than the mobile version. Keep updating, and it will only get better!
This app is awesome and user friendly so much easier than getting online. LOVE IT!!
Pinterest is amazing. the app Makes it great on the go ,no problems .
Finally a Pinterest app. It's wonderful. Great ui. I love it. Makes pinning via mobile so easy.
I have been waiting for this app!!!!!!
Great app! Have not had any issues with it. It feeds my pinterest addiction wonderfully :)
Thank goodness finally an app for android!  Works great.  Love the layout an loads a million times faster than looking on regular mobile web.  Thank you!
Love this site!  So glad It's now available on android!!!!
The app is great just takes a little long to load some pics but I love it!
I have been waiting for this! So worth it and easy to use!
I think this app is very well designed and makes it easy for me to pin stuff anytime, from anywhere.
Finally! A Pinterest mobile app! My world just got rocked...in a good way. :D
I waited for this to come to Android! I actually use my account now. I have a Samsung Galaxy S II and an older version of a Samsung Tab. Works great!
I waited for this to come to Android! I actually use my account now. I have a Samsung Galaxy S II and an older version of a Samsung Tab. Works great!
Awesome app I can finally stop using those off brand crappy apps.
Love everything about this, the only thing that would make it better is if there was a button to pin straight from the main screen
PINTEREST IS BAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!!!!!! Excitement level on 5000!!!!
I'm waiting so long!!!! Remomended!!
Thanks for pinterest app.... Love It
Finally... I love pinterest... It took a while for the app but it works great. Htc evo 4g
I can't stay off pinterest now!!!
Great app, I found the interface as much or even better than on a desktop browser, really nice.
I Love Pinterest and this app makes pinning easy, fun & accessible on my phone! Great app!
I am so happy android now has the pinterest app! Happy droid customers everywhere :)
About time!!!!
No problems so far.  Love Pinterest!!!
Finally!
This app is so much better then I expected it to be. The photos load quickly and I'm addicted once again  Thank you, it was worth the wait.
Makes pinterest easy on Android! Love it!
So far no glitches. The app is addictively fun filled!
Love, love, love this app. So glad y'all have finally joined all the smart people on an Android device. <3
Love this App! I've reported so long for this and I'm happy to say it doesn't disappoint!
Yay! Love this
If only the website didn't make you wait on a page asking if you want to follow someone.
This is so much smoother than using your mobile browser. You can easily pin and navigate where you want to go without it jumping all over the place. It is also nice that it automatically doesn't they and pin everything to Facebook.
Finally for Android, so I hate to complain...the pictures take forever and a day to load! sad face. But oh so glad for the app...so much easier than it was before.
This is the only app I was missing when I switched from my iPhone to an android! Haven't spent much time with it yet, but everything is there, seems to load quickly, Very excited pinterest finally developed an app!!
This app is better than the website! All features of the website ... But with me at all times!
Love Love Love
I'm so glad there's an app for android. Great features, easy interface, easy to pin things from other places. Love it! I'm so addicted right now
App perfectly follows the android design guidelines but keeps its own identity making it worth 4 stars to begin with.  The fact that it works well and is incredibly smooth for a v1 makes it 5 stars. Great job keep up the amazing work.  :)
Love this app, thanks! :)
Thanks for fixing loading issue. Love it now!
I awaited so much! Impressive design, little laggy but acceptable.
Love this... Easy way to pass time. Thank you!
Love this... Easy way to pass time. Thank you!
Wonderful!!
Wonderful!!
Moves so fast it's fun!
I love this app. I am so happy there is now an app for us!!!!!!
This app helps my pinning addiction! Gotta have it! Download now!
This app has one of the most beautiful interfaces I have ever seen. Integrates perfectly with android and it just works wonderfully. The idea behind Interest is a good one and I would not be surprised if it will be bought by one of the big guys for billions...
Super excited about an appand it works great!!!!
So excited to finally have an app! I was a little worried that it wasn't going to work very well, but am really happy with it! Haven't had any problems!
Dont like how long the pics take to download but other then that I'm in LOVE <3
Dont like how long the pics take to download but other then that I'm in LOVE <3
Love , happy to see on android
Oh so addicting!!
Yay! Oh how I missed you Pinterest :)
I've been waiting for this forever! I love it!
Love this website. Has so many wonderful ideas!!
The perfect substitute for a "hipster tumblr"!
Kept wondering what the buzz was with this App on Facebook so I finally checked it out..& let me say, I wish I would've checked it out sooner! Love it! Highly recommend for anyone of all ages!!
This is actually cool. Who knew. Also good job on the design on the app, freakin' beautiful.
worth the wait!
Finally the famed pinterest stool has come to android and with it a beautiful and easy to use interface. Very pleased guys!
This app works great on my galaxy note and tablet!  Awesome app...I have been pinning like crazy!
Thank you so much for giving us a Pinterest app for android! Runs smoothly on my nexus.
Thank you been waiting so long!!! Works awesome even better with today's update faster and smoother
So glad there is finally an app!
So glad there is finally an app!
Do much better that the mobile website.
Relaxing
This app is amazing!!!! So glad Android finally made a pinterest app ;))
The only app I wanted and waiting for! It's awesome!
Been waiting so long for this!
It took you long enough, but worth the very long wait.
Finally a app for android devices.
Love it, and about darn time!
Flippn love pinterest! Thee best ever!
I've been patiently waiting for this app since becoming addicted to Pinterest and I'm so happy its finally here!! The app is better for me then the mobile website.. A+++++
I especially like how u can save pics to your phone for easy sharing :)
Yay, we have a android app  But, how long do the pictures take to load :( Edit 17/08 App updated, works very smoothly & quickly. Has enabled easy use of pinterest on my android & rekindled my love of pinterest again Good work, keep it up!
This app makes it a thousand times easier to navigate pinterest on my phone!
Finally here! Android epic!
Finally here! Android epic!
Finally here! Android epic!
It's easy to use.
That update fixed my problem! Thank you. I am one happy pinner. :-)
Its great.
I've been waiting forthis app for awhile now. And its awesome
Works great. It's s must download. Can't get enough of it.
Love it! I'm pinning away!  Lol
Love this app!!!  Working great!:)
Been waiting for this for quite awhile. Works brilliantly on my S3.
Waited such a long time for this app and its great!!
So much better! Thank you!!!
Got addicted to it :-)
Love this more than fb
Love it!
I love it :)
It such a wonderful app to stimulate your creativity.    ;D Rainbow
It's FINALLY HERE! And worth the wait! Works great on my phone running Android 2.3!
Great app.
I have been waiting forever!! Thank you
I love Pinterest, and this app is great!
It works well. Very smooth.
I love Pinterest!! Thank u for finally making an app for android!
Battery hog.
Just as good as going online and faster
Addicting
Fuckin finally.....
Great!
I have been waiting so long...pinterest is my fav past time.loveeeeeeee lovee love
Finally finally finally
I am soo happy it's finally an app!! Been waiting for this day for ever!! Lol
SOOOO HAPPY! I almost pee'd my pants when I seen this! Made my night!
I can not even begin to say how much I LOVE this app!! I have been waiting for this and could not be more pleased. Well done my friends...well done! :)
So happy! Works and looks great! So happy it's finally here
Sooo  happy!!! XD
So glad Android users got this app finally ... I freaking love this website. It's so addicting. I even got my friends attached!
Love that they finally made an app, BUT it takes FOREVER for the pictures to load!
Great app. Nice to have a direct connection to pinterest. Wish we cld repin, like & comment without having to open new window & pics seem to be slow to load on my Samsung but at least we have an android app finally, so now we can really feed our pinterest addictions :)
Awesome
Awesome
So glad that they made pinterest for androids!!! So addicting !;)
The app works great!
I used to always crash my phone's browser trying to use Pinterest, so I'm THRILLED to finally have an app. Takes forever for the photos to load, but I'm still happy to have it!
It's perfect. Seamless and beautiful. A must have app!
I'm a huge Pinterest user and I now prefer to pin on my phone over using my desktop.  It's so easy and has a great interface that flows really well. Way to go Pinterest!
Thank you, Pinterest!
Help me I have a addiction to pinterest! Everything is so great!
Yay! Finally a pinterest for android!
Good app..love it...though it is a bit slow though that could just be my phone, but all in all I love they have an app now!!!
Its about time!!!:D
This is a much better way to view pinterest on my phone!  I can actually repin things!
I have only had it a few hours, but it is awesome so far! Thank you!!
I like the app.  Works well for me.  Time to pin!
ASUS TF700   WOOOO hoooo Love this apps.
Finally the apps arrived for android users. It just lack of small but useful function which is the ability to edit pin or board and notification if repinned or followed.
LOVE
Glad to have this app!! Was doing Pinterest strictly from their website on my Droid. But I was limited on what I could do from my phone. Now I can do it all!!! Thrilled to have this app!
Love this!!
Thank you for FINALLY releasing an Android version! It was WELL WORTH THE WAIT! :) BUT I wish it had an integrated web browser just like the iPhone version. Also, please make the loading of pictures faster! Thanks. :)
It needs to have only one column instead of two like on the mobile browser & it is slow!  Other than that it's great! :)
It needs to have only one column instead of two like on the mobile browser & it is slow!  Other than that it's great! :)
I've been waiting for this app! Love pinterest - it has turned me into one crafty, resourceful and hip mama! Love love love.
I had been trying to just use the web now i found the app i am so much happyer!
Thanks!! So glad android has the app now !
So glad finally have the android app!
Finally!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So much better than their last app and pinhog.  Works seamlessly, yet to crash on me AND it lets you save images which is very handy :)
Its like crack!
Love it :-)... Android rock!!!!
using pinterest on my galaxy tab was AWFUL and this app is awesome! Its a zillion times better than the iPhone app and has all the functionality of the Web version.
Love it!
Yay, love it
I love this application.
I love this application.
Finally an application for Pinterest on Android and its definitely a good one. I'm on Pinterest 24/7 so this is going to be helpful because the mobile site doesn't work well. Good job Pinterest!
Thank you so much for making this!!! Finally!
Commuting is going to be grand now. Thank you.
Love it!
Better then the actual site
Finally the app for android! So much better and easier than the website. Love it, thanks so much!
And now I can pin from my phone
OMG! So excited! Finally the Android app is here!!!!  Working great on my Galaxy Sii :D
Finally Pinterest for android!!!!!
I downloaded 2 or 3 unofficial ones before i found out this one was coming out:)
I have been waiting for this! Works great :)
<3
Love it!
Pics take forever to load ..Pls fix
Love it! Photos loaded really quickly
Love having my Pintrest on the go.
Love having my Pintrest on the go.
If you love Pinterest you'll be obsessed with this app. So easy to use. So easy to lose track of time. Beware! It's only down fall is that it's wayyyy too fun.
Love it!!
This app takes forever to load images, and then they are too small. The mobile site is fast and makes better use of space, although it's a bit wonky for repinning. I hope this app starts getting updated ASAP. As it is, it's pretty disappointing.
Great app....LOVE pinning!
Finally the wait is over!! The wait was worth it works amazing on mytouch 4G. So happy we finally have a REAL pintrest app :)
Great app
So glad I don't have to use knockoff apps that don't function well anymore!
So glad I don't have to use knockoff apps that don't function well anymore!
must download
Finally developers write app on android users too, happy : ) lets search some  bugs there....
Thank-you thank-you so much for pinterest on Android! It seems SUPER smooth & I can upload my own pics in seconds! Amazing UI - 100 times better than the mobile site :) HTC sensation XL
Thank-you thank-you so much for pinterest on Android! It seems SUPER smooth & I can upload my own pics in seconds! Amazing UI - 100 times better than the mobile site :) HTC sensation XL
Fantastic
Finally!
Smooth and seamless.
Thanks
It's here. I'm so happy this made my day a whole lot better.
I've been waiting for this app
I had always having to use the computer for pinterest! So glad its on android now!!
Very nice
This app runs so smoothly and the layout is very stylish. I love it!
Works smooth as butter. Worth the wait!
Finally <3 it looks way better than the one on the apple store
Great and amazing
Great and amazing
Oh how I've missed you, Pinterest
Nexus 7 - works great
Love it, love it!! Beware...it is very addicting!!!
Works well and looks great
Thank God...been waiting for this release
An app from pinterest not some other janky site that spams you! Love it.
Thank god!!!!
I am SO excited there is finally an official Pinterest app. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!! Thank You Pinterest.
This makes me happy!
Works amazing! Love pinterest!
I love Pinterest and I'm so happy there's an app for android now!  Good on ya, guys!
It has finally come to Android! I have been waiting for this for such a long time!!! The app is a little slow but it is still great!
I've been obsessed for a while now and finally have it for android  Love of. Thanks!
Nice and interesting app.....
I really like the fluid motion and options for this tablet app. The pictures are stunning and I can easily toggle back and forth for pinning.
App is awesome, smooth!!!  We need a widget for galaxy!!!!!!!!!  Thanks!!
The app works super smooth on my Galaxy R
Finally an app for android. And... IT'S AMAZING!! Very user friendly ans so easy to repin or look things up! I love it!!
Finally an app for android. And... IT'S AMAZING!! Very user friendly ans so easy to repin or look things up! I love it!!
Finally an android version!!!
Excellent app. So addicted to Pinterest. This lacks some of the bugs of having it on my tiny phone browser.
Its so fun and lots of pics
Love it.
Huge improvement over the mobile web version. This app is as slick and functional as the desktop web version.
So great i have waited forever for it. It runs great and it works out so nice
I can now use pinterest on the go. Major props to then for creating such an amazing app.
I can now use pinterest on the go. Major props to then for creating such an amazing app.
Been waiting for this.
I have been waiting for this forever!! Soo excited!
About time!! So excited when I saw the prompt on my phone that it was now available for android. :)
I found it on HTC rather then only iPhone (:
Great app
The app forces a close every time I try to upload a photo from my phone. Glad it is on Android though.
Finally they made it to an app!!
Finally the Pinterest app is here! I sooooooooo Happy!
I have recently left the iPhone world and while I love my phone, I've been horribly dissapointed with Android apps. Pinterest, however, has knocked it out of the park!!! This is better than their iPhone version! I can't say that about any other app I've loaded. I've yet to have any issues with it and it's super easy to use. Way to go Pinterest!!!!
An oh-so-long waited app! It's a real delight to use it, nothing distracts you from the pictures:) plus, it runs very smoothly so far, much better than the mobile version
Thank you so much for doing this for android phones. I love you website and I love the effort that you guys are making to reach out in new ways. Love you guys :-)
I have been waiting forever for this, and I love everything about it so far!
It's been a long time coming and I couldn't be more pleased with this app.
It has such am easy to use interfaceand looks way better than the iPhone app! Love it, much easier than using the mobile site!
super fast and all inclusive
So excited that there is an app now for Androids! (: whoooo & the app seems to be working out fine right nw.
Finally an app for android. About time! This made my day!
I love pinterest and now on my phone, awesome
I've only had it for 20 minutes and I already love it! SO much easier to use than the mobile website
Finally,  an app for Android. The mobile site was so clunky and this is way better. Made my day.
I installed this the day it was available. It's so handy and easy to use! As of now I have zero complaints (:
Finally finally finally
The app is beautiful and does almost everything you can do online. Interface is great, but a few features took a little bit of searching to find. This app is finally here and looks great on a tablet or a phone.
I can't log on through Facebook with my Samsung Charge :-( Im so excited about this app!!
I was shocked seeing this on trending apps! Lovin' it! Thanks devs! :)
I've been waiting for this app for a long time!
Such a great way to share ideas
OK just let me say thank you!!  I have had to use pinterest viewer and it is no where as great as this app!!  IPhone, eat your heart out!!
love it.
So excited! I love pinterest!
So excited! I love pinterest!
I could stay on this app all day!!!
Love this app, love the setup, no complaints so far
First male to give this a rating.
It made my day to see that Android finally got this app.  No problems.  Its better then the internet site.
Have been waiting for the Pinterest app to come out for a while and it's finally here and perfect.
Ive been waiting for this! So far, no gliches!!
finally an official pinterest app! i actually liked the interface. very easy to use very clean very organized. a bit slow loading though understandable coz of the amount of images. my internet connectipn could also be a factor.
It has a small problem with the scrolling down to see other pins and its a bit annoying but overall its pretty great!!!
It has a small problem with the scrolling down to see other pins and its a bit annoying but overall its pretty great!!!
Am very excited to use, but keep getting "server hiccup" error........so sad
Its perfect!! I am so happy with this app!
Love it. Sooo much better than the mobile site
I use it for everything..... especially for my boy!
Have been waiting for this for so long! Works so much better than the one for iPhone.
Have had no problems whatsoever!
Have had no problems whatsoever!
Have had no problems whatsoever!
I've been waiting so long for this. It was well worth the wait. Love if more than the regular site :)
I've been waiting so long for this. It was well worth the wait. Love if more than the regular site :)
i am so happy to see this app on the store. wasn't expecting it to come anytime soon. found no bugs yet. awesome work developers!
Thanks Pinterest for thinking of us humble Droid users :)
Thanks Pinterest for thinking of us humble Droid users :)
My life is complete! You don't know how long I've waited for this! Works great! Pinning is so much faster. Rather than going to the mobile site!!  ★★★★★
Finally an app for Android   :D!!
Omg, I've been waiting for Pinterest app for so long! It's better than I've even imagined! Great GUI!
So glad to have an Android app. So far, no problems at all. Pinning on the go is the best!
Works smoothly and actually does what it's supposed to. Fantastic.
Love it! It's so much better than using the website on your phone.
Loooove this- so many creative ideas- on one website!! Finally its an android app! :)
I've waited a long time for this! Works great!
Cool
So fast. Pinning is instantaneous. Great search function.
So excited for the new app! Works great!
Love it so far!!
Very user friendly, definitely need a pintervention now!
This app is so functional and easy. I have never been so happy to flair up my carpal tunnel symptoms.
We finally have an android app! I'm excited.... works great, looks great. I'M IN LOVE!
It so smooth and a HUGE improvement from the mobile site I was using!
I have been waiting for this app and I'm glad to get.. I haven't had any trouble with it. Some people are saying that it's taking to long to load photos. But for me that doesn't seem to be the case.
Waiting so long for this!
Loving this app! Finally Pinterest at the t pi Ichthyology of my fingers!! Thank you.
Thank you so much!
All seems to work perfect! Love it!
Love the way it's set up!!
Love Pinterest
I'm so glad there's finally a Pinterest app for Android. I've seen the one for iPhone and this one is way better!
So I just got the Pinterest app for android on my MyTouch Slide ... Ah-mazing! Repins so much faster than the computer, and very convenient! Go get it immediately, you will not regret it!
Amazing UI.
Amazing UI.
Can't live without pinterest and this is very good app!!!
I've been waiting for this app for what seems like forever!! It works very well. I'm satisfied.
I normally don't rate an app til I've used it for months, but i just love the pinterest app! So easy to use!
Just installed it. Loving it so far! No glitches, smooth scrolling, easy repinning. Better than Pinterest on iPad!
Love the app, so much to see and learn to do! Thanks
This has so many great ideas for people to use! Love it.
So thankful a good Pinterest app has been created! I love this app and think that so far, it works amazingly! Samsung S3
Looks like it is working perfectly on my Samsung galaxy nexus! I've been waiting for this! The mobile Site was so buggy for me, but I don't have any of those issues with the app!
Ive been waiting for over a year for this app. Spent over an our on it and it worked great. Ty.
Just downloaded the Pinterest App for Android. Works great on my Sprint Samsung Galaxy S II Epic. I have two different accounts so I still have to try them both. Loving it so far! Update: After running the Pinterest App, which I am still loving by the way, I found I would like an option for a Pin It button that I can use while searching the internet, the ability to pin a photo and have it go to a website, and the ability to use the gift banner option.
A phenomenal update. So much faster and easier to use. Very well done.
Sooo excited there is now a Pinterest app. Way to go. Pinterest is the coolest website ever. Thank you so much for creating it. :) You Rock!!!!!! If I could give it more stars I would.
Finaly! Very,very good!
I am beyond excited! Made my night! It is a great layout too!
wonderful site,have found any useful tips and recipes
Finally!!!
I absolultely love pinterest but it wont let me sign in :'(
Been waiting for an app like this forever!!  Using the mobile web version was always a pain w glitches galore...this makes pinning fun again and more like from a desktop.  Much easier and user friendly.  Thank you Pinterest!!
Looks great but the pictures take forever to load.  It's easier just to pull it up on my browser.  Good try.
Yay! Good work guys. So much better than mobile browsing. haven't found any problems with it so far.
So glad Android FINALLY came out with this app!
Meow.
This is great! Very nice focus on the navagation! It seems even easier to use than the site. This app makes me want to get a tablet and go to town with Pinterest :0) I haven't come across any problems and simply enjoy using this smooth, crisp, pleasant and beautifully clean app. 5 stars now and any improvements will only reiterate the quality of the app.
Best app ever made!!
Best app ever made!!
Best app ever made!!
Thank you :)
Absolutely Fabulous.*
Yes! At last!!!!!!  :D  Will write an updated review soon. (Just wanted to get that out there...)
Love all the cool ideas!
The mobile sight is horrid, I'm so excited that I can easily reference my boards whenever I want to try something I've pinned! Thank-you!
The mobile sight is horrid, I'm so excited that I can easily reference my boards whenever I want to try something I've pinned! Thank-you!
The mobile sight is horrid, I'm so excited that I can easily reference my boards whenever I want to try something I've pinned! Thank-you!
Yay! So happy it's here!
Love it!
Love! Love! Love this app. Its so much fun. There is always new interesting pictures to look at. Like a mobile magazine.
So glad this finally came out, I've been pinning all day! :)
Perfect app. No problems on the galaxy skyrocket
I can pin while I work! So excited now
Finally pinterest for amdroid!! :) works pretty well but the only thing I don't like is having to click on the picture to repin. It should be on the picture already like in the iPhone version but its not really a big deal. Love it! :)
Luv the App works great n easy to use!!
Didn't think they would ever come out with an Android app.
So easy to use..
I LOVE this app! Its perfect and I can't believe how fluid it transitions between boards!! Thank you for fueling my addiction to pinning!
So excited! Definitely made my night! So far no issues with the app. Makes it so much easier to pin on my phone!
Love it. So happy that they finally made an app
Works great and love the layout!
Works well on the A500, really dig this programme.  I can browse through these pins for hours. So interesting, it's hard to put down. Amazing what people find to pin, it's kinda hard not to follow lots of people. This is a great app. Highly recommend.
:)
I have been waiting and checking! Thank You!
Cool
Finally!!!
Love love love this app! So easy to use!
Its very well thought out for UI.
Have been waiting for this! Love it!!!
So much easier to use than the browser, clean interface, cool rotating screens...yes. It's about time.
I love it
Finally an app that works!
Love love love! Thanks so much for finally getting this! I haven't had any problems and I adore the layout! Much better than the iPhone app.
...
Finally! Best app.Ever
5 stars for finally bringing android the pinterest app!
Like the new version much better.....so far!
Viewing, repinning, it all works great! Been waiting for this app to finally come to Android! Thank you Pinterest!
Love it, works great from my Razr. Very fast and allows uploading of pics from your phone.
I'm so happy its for Android finally!!!!!
I love this app!!!!
This new app is amazing. Its soooo much easier and don't freeze or take.forever to load, AND I can see all the recipe or ideas .. LOVE IT! I was just thinking why must this take so long when I seen at the top their was a new android app :))
This new app is amazing. Its soooo much easier and don't freeze or take.forever to load, AND I can see all the recipe or ideas .. LOVE IT! I was just thinking why must this take so long when I seen at the top their was a new android app :))
Works great on my inspire 4G. Thanks!
But love this.....for every aspect of my liFe
Yay so.happy about this!
Been waiting for this app! Works seamlessly! Love it!
I was so excited to see the app for android until i installed and it won't let me login...uninstall : (
LOVE!:)
Love love love this app.
Thank u finally one for Android phone luv this new app so easy to use
It's sooooo great! Does well on my EVO 4g
Works beautifully. I love it.
Love all the food!!!!!
Love that its finally here. Way easier to use than mobile site!
So far, I am loving the app. Also, it is fairly easy to navigate and all I ever wanted from a Pinterest app.
So far, I am loving the app. Also, it is fairly easy to navigate and all I ever wanted from a Pinterest app.
Love pinterest
Love pinterest
Works great better than the iphone !Love it!!
Been waiting for this app to come out for androids (:
Is this real life?! So glad to finally have a Pinterest app!
Love it! Works great but imop, I would prefer a single line instead of two columns of pins so the pics r bigger.
Good and thanks :-)
Perfect
Have been waiting forever for this app. Definitely delivered. Only complain is the loading is kinda slow.
Highly addictive!
Finally! This is what I've been waiting for. The app works great on my S3! Beautiful UI and very easy to use and navigate. So glad I don't have to keep logging into my computer to pin stuff now
Finally!!!!!
I love it!
I love it!
Finally a Pinterest app!!
Sooo happy its finally here! The mobile site didnt work for me but we will see if this app does! I hope!
Finally on the Android!
FINALLY!!!!!!
So glad its on android now. I <3 interest!!
Finally a Pinterest app! Ooooo and it's nice too, what more could I ask for?
Finally the day has come....and boy was it worth the wait. Love it!
I am so excited to finally have Pinterest for Android!  So far, I love the navigation and ability to post pix from my Motorola Razr!  I wasn't able to invite someone from the app, but that's a very minor thing to me.  Love it!
I've been waiting for this forever! Thank you for making an android app!
I am so glad we have this finally and it has some nice added features. Uploading my own pics was really easy with this app...so far so good!
I have been waiting for this day! I use this more than FB when I had my iphone but bummed when I got my android but no app for pinterest! I judt love the cool stuff this app has to offer!
Now I can start pinning again! Winning!
Good job!
Much better than web version!
Much better than web version!
Horray! I have waited so long for Pinterest to put out an Android app- works great!
Just discovered this app today. Soooo more user friendly than the mobile site!
Just discovered this app today. Soooo more user friendly than the mobile site!
So glad they finally have an app for my Samsung infuse! Love pinning!!
I just got my Nexus.  One of my first apps I looked for was pinterest.  So I was very happy when I heard the news release.
Great ideas for everything
Now I can start posting pics of the family to my page.
Thank you!  Now if I can just figure out how to easily switch accounts back and forth like the twitter app.
Im so excited they made an app, the mobile website version annoyed me.
Finally!!!!!!!
Love this app!!
Sooo happy this came out!! I just looked for it 2 nights ago too.
I'm so happy they brought pinterest back! :)
I love this site sôooooooo much. I habit Be it on my iphone. So glad I can use it on my tablet now
I'm very happy with the new app.
Works great already! I'm so glad it's finally here!
Love, love, love it... WAY better then the iPhone app!
Love this app! Flows smoothly... Its amazing!! :)
Love this app! Flows smoothly... Its amazing!! :)
Wooo Hooooo!!
Love it love it love it
So far, so good. No issues, loads quick!
Love
Way better
About time!  I'm loving it so far.   Very user friendly and allows you to save images to your device.   Way cool.
LOVE THIS APP! Just got it today, but so far so good!
Love the new app
Yeay! Ive been waiting forever for this!
Omg this app is amazing, even better than using Pinterest in a regular browser
LOVE
About time!!!
Omg thank god this finally came out! :)
Love the clean design. Easy to navigate. Would love to double click an image to 'like' it
Need I say more? !? Love it
Finally a real pinterest app perfectly constructed.
Finally!
Now i know why it took them ages!  EAT THAT IOS! :)) everybody's saving the last and the best for android.:)
So happy the app is finally here and I'm absolutely loving it! No complaints here. I have had an iphone before and had the app then, but I actually like this app much better than the app store version. Very much improved! 5 stars!!!! :)
Pinterest is now on andriod!
Awesome app
So excited
So glad to have. Works better than browser
Love it
Love it
i am in love with this app! super huge improvement guys way to go!
Yay a Pinterest app!
Love, love, love. Finally i can pin from my phone and kindle without using the mobile site!
Best site on the web!!!
Pinterest on android!
Pinterest on android!
Awesome app! :)
AWESOME FOR ANYTHING!!!
Awesome
Works flawlessly
So much easier to use than the website on my Samsung S3, works great!
I've waited long enough!! So glad it's FINALLY here. Love the format!!
Free ever!
Free ever!
Love that this is available! Great app!
Easy to use interface!
Finally
I love pinning
I love pinning
Awesome!!!! I've had no problems so far (knock on wood) & the new app is sooo much easier to use on my incredible than the mobile site :)
Loveeee pintrest!
Loveeee pintrest!
Better than the webpage!
Can this be the best app ever!? I believe so!
Finally a Pinterest app where I can easily pin stuff and look at more than one post at a time. Thank you!
Excellent - so far so good!
Excellent - so far so good!
Works!!!
I'm loving it!
Love it
Love love love
I have been waiting for the doid app for such a long time. This is absolutely amazing with a galaxy s2
I've waited so long to feed my addiction on the go.
Very nice app... so far so good. Works well with my samsung galaxy s and my toshiba thrive. Very excited to pin easily though my phone,especially when I am on the go and in need to refer to one of the recipies I have saved on pinterest.
Hey maybe Facebook should take notes on how an app should work! Works awesome!
One of the best designed apps I have ever used. No problems.
One of the best designed apps I have ever used. No problems.
Beautiful and flawless. Totally worth the long wait.
So friggin happy. Pinterest FINALLY has an app for android!!! :D
I loooooooooove pinterest so much and was very disappointed when i found out it wasn't available for android. Now that it is i couldn't be happier!
So excited for this app! It's great!
I am very happy with this app thus far. I've used it for a few hours between today and yesterday. It did freeze up and force close once time but other than that, I haven't had any problems.
It's about time! Finally an official Pinterest app that actually works and its soo much better than the iTunes Pin app! Please don't jack this app up! I love it!! I've missed my pinterest!
Awesome app totally worth the wait!!
Good job! This app made my day, beautiful :)
It works great!
Finally I can delete the crappy pinterest apps I've been using! Was having a bad day, but this app cheered me right up. Works like a dream.
Finally! It's here! I love the Pinterest app!
Great! I have been wanting an app and this is perfect!
Great app :)
I've been waiting forever for an Android Pinterest app. I'm surprised by how good this is...just what I was hoping for.
I'm really going to need a Pentervention now!
I signed up on my Galaxy S3 (Jelly Bean) with no trouble at all.  Haven't added it to my tablet yet.  Pinning goes smoothly and and quickly for me. Loving this app! :D
Yaaaayyyyy!!!!!  Its finally here!!!
Easy to use and do much better than the mobile site.
Absolutely love it. So easy to use and happy to have the app back!!!
It's rocks! Nuff said
about time
Its finally here!! Works like a charm!! Love it!! Thank you!!
Amazing ui  Thanks
I've been waiting for this.
So glad its finally on the market!
Soooo happy there's finally one for android!  (:
I absolutely love this app! It's awesome. I have gotten so many great ideas from here!
Have been waiting for this!
Finally!
Finally!
I been waiting for this app a long time and finally here... I love it.....
Can't login because of their stupid server issues!! So irritated! Hurry up and fix this!
So happy there's finally a Pinterest ap! Works great, love the layout and everything about it! Thanks!
Made my day! Great app!
Made my day! Great app!
Amazing. Just like the website.
Thank you for this app!
I've been waiting for this app for about six months now! So excited to finally have it! Super easy to use and navigate through!
Happy Day!
Oh I'm soooooo happy!! Its absolutely flawless!! Nice job :)
FINALLY! It's about time us android lovers got a pinterest app. Made my day! Now I'll never be off my phone..
Are you kidding me?
I love the look of the app and it is very easy to use.  But in the first 5 minutes of using it, it crashed on me twice.
Finally!! Now I can conveniently use Pinterest ALL THE TIME!!
Y does it say ive reached my limit try again later? Its free ! Fix this!
I love pinning!!!
Finally, maaan!!!
Finally, maaan!!!
Works so much better than the website on mobile! Impressed :)
All time favorite glad its for android too
All time favorite glad its for android too
All time favorite glad its for android too
I've so been waiting for this app to come to Android!
I've so been waiting for this app to come to Android!
:-)
It's about time! Loveee pinterest and love this app :)
I almost had a heart attack when I found this app! Eeek I'm so excited! Oh and it works great!
Yay! Finally for Android!
I love pinterest and finally we got it!! Woot woot! :D. Im a happy pinner now yay! @kathy liz#pinterest.
I love pinterest and finally we got it!! Woot woot! :D. Im a happy pinner now yay! @kathy liz#pinterest.
I love pinterest and finally we got it!! Woot woot! :D. Im a happy pinner now yay! @kathy liz#pinterest.
I love pinterest and finally we got it!! Woot woot! :D. Im a happy pinner now yay! @kathy liz#pinterest.
pinterest is finally available for android users! Thank you!!
It's what I needed.
Love this!!! Been waiting forever!!
It's about time. I love it!
Fantastic app on Samsung Android! Fast, no problems!  Thank you!  My day is complete!
So happy <3
Awesome app thanks for finally getting one for DROID! :)))) works great on my DROIDX2!
It's here one of the most usefull social networks to organize ur stuffs.
So excited to be able to access pinterest when i am mobile. I didn't like to have to wait until i got home on my pc then try to remember what i wanted to pin.
Lol
This app is awesome!  It's so easy to get around all the features.   Highly recommend it for all Pinterest lover.
Thank you Android!
It took me a while to figure out how to pin from chrome (share page > choose 'pin it' from list of share options), but having figured that out, I am very excited about this app. The app itself is beautiful, nicely android-themed, and runs smoothly on the Nexus 7. I all but stopped using pinterest when I switched from a laptop to a tablet for most of my web browsing, but this will certainly make me a pinner once more!
So excited for this! It's awesome, especially for a first release, well done Pinterest!
Its awesome!! Thanks!!
Sooooo happy there is an android app now!!!!! Thank you Pinterest! :-)
Love it!!
I love this app! Pinterest on my Samsung Galaxy II. Works perfectly!
I've been waiting for this app for ages, and it's finally here.. It was worth the wait.
Pinning is so easy
I started using pintrest to help plan my sons first birthday and now I'm obsessed and find myself pinning for everything
Love this app
My new favourite app. It's about time!
its finally here, can't wait to use it!
Awesome
This actually seems like a really cool interface. Rejoice Android users... you can finally pin! Thank you, interest.
Love this layout, so much better than Ipod.  Love layout of fallowing, so nice to see more than one at a time, makes it much faster to go thru.
It runs so smooth, I'm definitely impressed.  I've been checking and checking in hopes of getting this for android and it surpassed my expectations
I'm on pinterest daily and absolutely love this app!
I've only had this app for five minutes and it's so flawless! Much better then the iPhone version! I love it!!!
I'm so happy! And the interface is very smooth for the first release! Keep up the good work and thank you for finally releasing this app!
I'm in love!
Very happy!!
I almost passed out when I saw that it was a becoming an Android app!!! Thanks you guys!!
I've been waiting forever for this!  And the verdict is..... I absolutely love it!  Works awesome!
I was just saying to my wife the other day that android needs  pinterest....then low and behold today I find out they finally got it!! Yay!
I loveee pinterest!!!!
So happy u guys made an app 4 da Android + da app looks excellent
This is a very good app for pinterest!! Love it
This app is perfect so far-it finally came out on Android!
Just what iv been waiting for!!!!
It would be nice to have display option menu, I found a single row view more appealing than the two row current display.  Great App though.
Love it :)
Finally an app
Soo happy the Android App finally came available! Got get my pin on! :)
FINALLY! It works so seamlessly. I am totally unable to work now.
So excited it's finally here (:
Finally! Im so excited about finally having an app!!!
Im so happy!! I waited for this app for so long!!!! :D totally made my day!
I absolutely Love it!
Even though it took some time, it's better that they designed a great app instead of just rushing it out the door (like so many others). Just perfect :)
For all persons who are photographers at heart!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!
Love the whole thing! Love that I can create boards and repin all in 1 app! I highly recommend!
After about a month of not being able to pin on the mobile site, the app for Android is FINALLY here!! I'm too excited. Works great, so far!
At last. Been waiting for this app. And now i have it i am very pleased. Much easier to navigate than mobile site.
This app is great, I've been waiting for quite a while.
So happy :)
Love it.
Pin addict here. So excited that Pinterest has gone mobile. For being the first release it has everything that you would want/need just like the web version. User friendly and works great on my HTC One and Asus tablet. Great job Pinterest! Gotta go... pinning awaits~
So excited about this.  Looks great!
Really excited to finally have this in app format.  So far it is working wonderfully on my galaxy nexus!
I love it
My only complaint is that this app wasn't first on the list when I searched "pinterest". Someone should fix that...
My only complaint is that this app wasn't first on the list when I searched "pinterest". Someone should fix that...
Best news all day! Just pinned it in my "must have android apps" too :D
I thought this day would never come for Android users :D
i like the fast and point of pinterest subject
I have been waiting on this forever
Pinterest, the internet's shining example of perseverance, has done it again! This is a Top 5 app for any phone on any platform. Pinterest is perfect for mobile, but I'm glad there's a established website leading the way (instead of the other way around a la path or instagram). Pinterest is here to stay. I also love the circle shape of the icon. :)
Super excited to finally have a pinterest app on my Android and it's a great app!  Works well, looks just like the website, easy to navigate!  LOVE!!!
Been waiting on this app for a while, worth the wait :)
I love
I've been waiting for the app! Checking constantly and i was notified when the app finally did come out. :) absolutely awesome
A long await for such a great site!
Works great! So much better to have an app! The mobile web version was terrible.
Works great! So much better to have an app! The mobile web version was terrible.
One of the best app I ever use. The animation are smooth. Perfect
Good app
Love the app! I have not had any problems yet on my droid 3!
Its about time!!!! I love this app!
Many features and now I can finally pin from Android.
Finally!!!  :):)
Works good and looks even better! So happy Pinterest is on Android now... LG Revolution
Thanks, pinterest!
Love the app already! So far no issues :) Got all my pins in the palm of my hands :D SO HAPPY!!! Heading out to do some shopping for projects..this is going to help me out big time!! TY
At first glance this is great. Will have to delve into it more then I get time.
Love this!  Works great
Was waiting for this app so long.
Love pinterest
Finally I've been waiting so long
Finally I've been waiting so long
Using HTC EVO and its flawless! Love it...
Have been waiting for this for so long! Thank you. It's awesome and very smooth in loading the photos. Big 5 for you!
Have been waiting for this for so long! Thank you. It's awesome and very smooth in loading the photos. Big 5 for you!
Works fine, great app
FINALLY. I'm excited this is finally out! So good, I like it more than the actual website even.
So far, this app is perfect!! Thank you!
Nevet been soooo excited for an app before. This will be my new addiction
I would prefer sidebar navigation in landscape tablet mode, but otherwise, just GREAT! Nexus 7 & Galaxy S 4G.
First time I tried it.
So glad to see an app on Android :-)
Amazing app easy to use and looks great
Love love love it...so much easier!!! It was hard to drag me off if b4...impossible now :)
My first impression. No lags in my Atrix and beautiful design of the app. 7.27MB application. 30.9MB cache. You need power to run this app smooth.
I love this app. It works great on my Samsung Captivate.
I love this app. It works great on my Samsung Captivate.
Glad Pinterest took their time in designing this app for Android instead of making it look like a cheap iOS rip off. The app itself is nice, clean and simplistic to use.
Works perfectly with my phone! Love the layout of everything, and just so excited to finally have this for android! Great job!!!
Alright alright alriiiiiight
Alright alright alriiiiiight
The official pinterest app. I love it.
Thank you, thank you, Pinterest Developer Peeps!
So far the the app works great.  I would like to be able to move it on to my SD card
Amazing app, just in the knick of time. I was switching back to Apple because I missed my pinterest so much. Thank you android!
Finally!!!
I LOVE this new pinterest app. I frequently tried to use the mobile site from my phone and it just didn't work properly. This is speedy and, in my opinion, even more accessible than the desktop site!
Love it!
Love it.
Yay, been waiting for this!!!
The one that I've been waiting for since July.
Works great on the Samsung Skyrocket. I have no complaints.
This app has definitely delivered for android. Gorgeous design and everything works great.
an excellent app to check the latest trend on any category.
So glad this app finally came!!
A surprisingly good app!
Carga muy rápido, muy bueno que muestre fotos en 2 columnas. Excelente 1er release.
sooooo happy...totally made my night and this app looks alot better than the iphone one
This app is so easy to use, it's almost easier than the website!
Works great on my EVO LTE. I didn't mind the mobile site, but this is far better and now can actually Pin from my phone, not just re-pin things
And thank you for not automatically checking the share with facebook and twitter boxes... Dont like that on the main site.
Awesome! So excited! I hated the mobile website because it was always so laggy and terribly formatted. I could never click on the right items since the clickable part and the buttons were skewed. But at my first test this app instantly loaded pins and boards (I'm not even using wifi!) Hopefully this app & website continues to do well! (I haven't seen any advertisements lately - yay!) I will update this review if anything else good or bad happens!
love this!!! its so easy to use. galaxy 2s with tmobile
Loooove it!!!
This app does what it says and is extremely smooth and glitch-free. Loving it!
Now I can actually pin on my phone without it taking me to the pin behind what I want and losing my place! Love it!
This is really well done application that properly and elegantly uses Holo UI from 4.0+ which is awesome. Just give me an easy way to pin stuff through chrome for android and im set. Excellent work pinterest team!
Haven't found 1 problem yet!!! Just glad to finally see it here. :-D
Haven't found 1 problem yet!!! Just glad to finally see it here. :-D
Easy to use, great navigation and good feel
Easy to use, great navigation and good feel
love pinterest
It's so super awesome on my htc mytouch 4g slide!
Great App but somehow can't seem to find it on google play store on my phone. Had to look for it on the web to locate it.
My addiction to Pinterest will definitely get worse now :-)
Everything works great as of now!
Great app!
I can finally pin on my Samsung Galaxy S2. THANK YOU!!
It's great to finally see a native Pinterest app for Android. The app is responsive and pretty fast on both my Galaxy Nexus and Nexus 7. It's nice to see the team take the Android guidelines and twist them a little bit to make their app unique but still feel very familiar. Great 1.0, keep it up!
Love it. UI is smooth. Too addicting!
Finally on Android! It works great so far. I think I like the app better than using the one on my computer.
When trying to pin from Twitter or my personal photo gallery, I get "invalid image data"  then pinterest keeps trying to pin the same pin over and over while generating the same error. Logging out is the only way to stop it.
Thank you!
Perfect!!!
This app is much easier to use on the Asus Eee Pad Transformer than using the mobile website.  Very pleased so far.
Terrific design. Excellent UI. The way Pinterest integrates with Android's Share Intents couldn't be better. Score +1 for Android over iOS
Finally! Works really nicely, very smooth.
Pinterest for Android is finally here and I love it!
I have been waiting forever for this App! I hope it will be amazing.
Love this sight
Soooo much easier from my phone :)
Absolutely awesome!
Really amazing app! Works like a charm!
Use the option to Share Page. Then select Create Pin. Select the image. Yes, a little slow for it to find all pinnable images. The image is pinned linking back to page! Yay! 5 stars now instead of 4 for the app :-)
Use the option to Share Page. Then select Create Pin. Select the image. Yes, a little slow for it to find all pinnable images. The image is pinned linking back to page! Yay! 5 stars now instead of 4 for the app :-)
Yay! Its perfect. A long time coming, I'm not sure of any bugs. I'm too excited that the app is finally here!
Exactly what I have been waiting for!
This app should have been out a long time ago, but I will say it is well worth the wait! Simply put the app is smooth. It is right up there with the Google + app and Instagram.
Just took for spin & love it!!! Thank you. This will be a great thing to pass time in waiting rooms....or any where   B-)
I'm so glad it's FINALLY available for DROID!!
Clean display. Fast loading. Works wonderfully well. So much faster than the mobile site.
Great app!
Love! Love! Love! Works great on my RAZR.
I was so excited to finally see a Pinterest app 4 Android this morn. Perfection. Job very well done.
As a casual Pinterest user, I've been mildly impatient for this to be released, and boy was it worth the wait. It's fully functional, looks beautiful and is buttery smooth to use on both my Nexus 7 and my Samsung Galaxy Nexus. It just does everything right. Bravo Pinterest, bravo.
Excited that its finally here. Works very well on my Galaxy S running Jelly Bean which was ported.
Been waiting for the droid version for a long time! Thank you!!
Yay finally an android app! :)
Love
Better use facebook
La esperaba con ansias. :)
Now I can use pinterest a lot more doing so in the browser wasn't working for me. Welcome to android !
This dramatically beautiful Android app is easily the most visually stunning work of art available in Google Play.It is a feast of dozens of gorgeously realized design elements
I love the ideas on here!
Ive been waiting for this! Works wonderfully! This is so much easier than trying to use my droids web browser .
FINALLY!!! It's been a long time coming! I was so desperate for an app I book marked the web page on my home screen! Runs pretty smooth! Thanks Pinterest! -Ricko
Glad to see it!
Awesome!! Works perfect from my Android. Couldn't be more pleased at how easy and fast it is!!
This works perfectly. Been waiting ages for this. Photos load as quick as your phone/device enables them to. For me it's instant. Thank you !!
I'm so hooked on Pinterest my friends call me a pinning fool. Glad the app. is back hope it's here to stay!
Just wow,!!
Works perfectly...smooth loving it...now my tab is useful
Great app.
Werkt. En zo werkt zo goed dat mijn touchscreen zal gaan slijten.. scrollen maar!!
Werkt. En zo werkt zo goed dat mijn touchscreen zal gaan slijten.. scrollen maar!!
Now I am addicted to this app.  Really using this app frequently now. I am in love with this awesome app. Cheers to     Pinterest !!!
Excellent native application.
Excellent native application.
Best app..download it now
Just love this app. Makes pinning more easier
I totally love this Pinterest app! It is everything I thought it would be and more!
It's finally here! We've waited for months, and I can honestly say it was worth it. It's smooth, quick loading, and looks so clean. Yay Pinterest!!
I'm a happy camper :-)
Works great! Long time waiting totally worth it! Images load fast, app design is nice. Samsung Galaxy S3
So Glad droid has it!!!!!
Thank you thank you thank you! I love this Pintrest app!
Operates perfectly on my Nexus tablet and jelly bean operating system!! Thank you!!
Thanks
Works perfectly.  Couldn't ask for more! Nexus 7
Works perfectly.  Couldn't ask for more! Nexus 7
Now I don't have to use the mobile version. Which I hate sooo much
I've been waiting forever for this app. Pin pin pin!! Lol
Maravilloso
So glad the official app is here!
Been waiting for this app forever
One of the very few apps that I don't really see an update coming too because it's made so well. Good job Pinterest! I am really impressed.
Much more convenient!
This app is the best! I have no issues with it at this time.   ♥ A Pinterest Addict.
The mobile site is faster and more user friendly. Key issues- 1. Loading of multiple users little photos is time and download waste. 2. Need to be able to pin from search page like mobile site.  Having seen ipad app its sad android is treated like a poor cousin. Glad we finally got an app, but seems like its an android app, just for apps sake.
Love it on a computer. Love it even more now that it's available for android.
Thank you android!
I now have a use for pinterest. Yay.
This is totally helpful!
This app is smooth, intuitive, beautiful, well thought out, and did I mention beautiful?   I think this is one of the few apps that may be better on the android. The swiping for different sections is so natural. The app is the most smooth app I have ever used.   Definitely worth the wait.
Best thing to see today was this becoming an app!!
Was wait in for this one for long. great job
Love it*:)
Love it*:)
Sooooooo excited, the online version on my phone was a pain. I am sure this is going to get me in trouble, it's all i will want to do at work now.
Waiting awhile for this. Wife will be happy!
Yay!
Needs work. But I'm sure over time they'll work out the kinks...Works great for now. ;)
I'm so excited. I love it
I love Pinterest & I've been waiting for this app for months! So excited, yay :)
I was just saying yesterday I wish this app would come out already!! It was worth the wait. It's pretty sleek. I like it better than trying to use my mobile browser, I love that I can get in with one click instead of waiting for the browser to boot up. It's fast enough, layout is nice... Thank you for getting this out.
Its about time. Hope its as good as the IPhone app
Finally!
I have been waiting forever for this. It's better than I would have imagined.
Gr8 app.  Much needed for galaxy S3   Dl
Thank you for this app, pinterest team! Runs well on jelly bean!
Good to see an app that might have been delayed to ensure that it is well made. Lots of apps are released earlier, unfinished. Easily a 5 star app...!
I'm so excited there is finally a Pinterest App!
Its about time driod users get pinterest. I was about to switch back to my iPhone.
I've been waiting for this app for the longest time !!!!
It's about time...seems like I was waiting forever for this app for android. Works great!
Have i mentioned lately how much i love you? Thank you!
Excellent job!
Thank you for updating my favorite website I <3 it!
Yay!!! Us "Andrioders" finally have the app as well. Thank you!
Omg waited to long for this!!!!#)
Omg waited to long for this!!!!#)
Flawless concept on both Droid and tablet.  Thank you
Works great so far!
Yea!!! It's finally here! Now I can pin anything wherever I am!
Finally on android, so excited. Unfortunately the app wont even open. Force close before anything at all loads.
Finally on android, so excited. Unfortunately the app wont even open. Force close before anything at all loads.
Been waiting so long! Very sharp and easy to understand, Happy pinning :)
So happy its herrre!
So happy its herrre!
Love it works great keep up the good work I'm glad I can actually use pinterest now.
FINALLY!
Love love love it!
Works great..I love it!! Thank you thank you! :D
Not sure why it took so long to get this app out... It wasn't fair to be able to view a fantastic and resourceful site and not be able to search, or most importantly pin!! The app is great and works even better than the website! I can now pull up my lesson plan ideas and artists I've pinned right from my classroom instead of waiting until I can get time on the computer!
It must have taken so long for them to release this app because they truly worked out all the kinks first. Perfect!
I love this app.
Absolutely glad its back!
another great app came to android  ... yeah
Fantastic app, works like it should. Thank you for finally making one
Love it!!!!
Ca marche bien sous Jelly Bean.  Nexus S.
Loving the app so far so good!!
I love pinterest & this app makes me love it even more. I'm on an older phone but it still loads fast, is simple & has a great user interface. Thank you so much for this!
Love pinterest and now even more with the app
Works great on my Galaxy Tab 10.1!
It's even better than the iPhone version! Very nice!!
Love it... finally
My life is now Complete!!!!
So glad to finally have this app. I'm very happy with it.
I am so excited this is finally here thank you thank you THANK YOU =) so far so good I'm loving it
I have been waiting for this app to come out. Day one- let's go!
Much easier on my phone now!
Thanks so much
Such an amazing application. My favorite!!!
So far I love the app, works great!
A+
I'm curious on how to pin from websites. It's a little slow and had a few force close issues but I'm interested in getting to know it better.
Love Pinterest!
love Pinterest
I have waited FOREVER!! So far, so good.
Finally here!
Just what I have been waiting for!
About time!  Thanks!
Crashed repeatedly while trying to sign up. Page asking me to pick photos locked up. Even when it let me pick one I had to press it multiple times to get it to select.
About time we get an app - a beautiful one at that. Will help me plan shoot ideas on the go. The one thing I'd love to see is long press on an image for a quick pin!
I love the app already!  It's so easy to use.  So far, so good.  :-)
Works great. All the functionality of the website and easy to use.
The app works great!!! My only complaint is that I wish the pictures loaded faster. I'm sure they will soon considering the app just came out. So ecstatic!!! FINALLY!!!
So far I am happy! Hope it stays that way!
Pinterest on android its about time so far flawless
Been waiting for this app for a while now to show up in the Google Play store and it's finally here. Let's hope it functions properly. Full review coming soon.
so nice ¡¡¡¡¡
Finally on Android and it looks amazing! I'm glad they took their time and got it right.
Works excellent with my thrive. I have been waiting for this app since I got my tablet!!
Sooooo stoked that this app is finally here! So far it works like a charm, loveit!!
It seems to be working great for me. No speed problems. Thank you for finally developing an android app :)
Impressive. Nice looking app.
I have been waiting not so patiently for this. Thank you!
I have waited a LONG time for the Pinterest app for Android, and I am thrilled beyond measure. THANK YOU, PINTEREST!!!!
Yay.....finally....loving it
Samsung Galaxy S 2
love !
I've been waiting for months for this app, and I love it! So much better than mobile
Thank you pinterest!!!! This is so such better than the mobile site....one question though how do you pin from your phone? Help anyone
Awesome!
<33333
Finally!!!
Thank you
Finally, I've been wanting a Pin-App for ever!!!
Like others I've been waiting on this app! Works great!!! I love the easy way to create a pin when you share a page! Makes pinterest even better!
Really like this app. So much easier to use than either the Pinterest Mobile or through a browser on my smart phone. Agree with previous comment that I wish the pins loaded a little faster but hey, great job for day one of release!
I'm surprised on how much it has for being the first release. So far its flawless.
So happy.. Soooo wonderful!!!
So far so good!!! Thanks pinterest team for listening to us ...
So far so good!!! Thanks pinterest team for listening to us ...
I <3 pinterest
Love it on my Nexus 7
Finally a real app with no adds!!! :-)
I looooove it!
Finally! Thank you.
Love the ease of use. Way to go!
I was already bordering on addiction to this site, the new app will probably progress me to full blown! Thanks!
I finally have the app for my phone! I love pinterest. So addicted to it.
i love that we now have an app
Nice app
PINTEREST.com/evamegg
I love Pinterest, it works fantastic with my Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus and Galaxy Note, both running ICS. Thank you for a great app!
App is flawless, love the grid design, very fluid from screen to screen. Much, much better than the mobile site!
Great app!! Really fast!
Great job devs!
So much smoother!
Thanks for finally coming to the Android market!!! Great app!
No complaints; very easy to use!
So excited that they finally have the app for android!
Finally an app that works great on my galaxy ll... It works better then looking at Pinterest on my laptop... Thank you Sooooo much!
Finally an app that works great on my galaxy ll... It works better then looking at Pinterest on my laptop... Thank you Sooooo much!
About time it came to Android!  I've been checking all the time!  LOVE.
Yay finally! Thank you play store! I've been waiting oh so long :D happy girl!
I don't use pinterest too much anymore, but this app is very beautiful and the design, and programmers deserve a big thumbs up
Finally!!! Works very smoothly... Love the look and ease of pinning. THANK YOU!!
I've waited soooo long for this!!!!
Thank goodness there's finally an app for the android.  I love pinterest!
Looks awesome! So far so good! Thanks pinterest team!
Love the new app for android!  Much easier pinning, moving from board to board and much faster.
I am sooo glad you guys made this for android!
I love it. beautiful ui ;)
pinterest is like the best thing ever!!!
pinterest is like the best thing ever!!!
pinterest is like the best thing ever!!!
Best day ever...so excited for the android app!
About time!!! :)
So far so good
So far so good
I love doing stuff I find on pintrest.
I love doing stuff I find on pintrest.
I looked for this app yesterday and wished it was available, my wish became a reality i just love pinterest!!!
Glad the android app is finally here!
I fell in love with pinterest
Glad that there is finally an app for Pinterest. :D
AMAZING! :D
AMAZING! :D
Super excited!!!
Great job pinterest team
Very clean. Easy on the eye. Smooth transitions. Worth the wait. Thanks pinterest crew.
I just looked today for this app! It's like you knew I needed it! Love it!!
Much easier to navigate than the mobile site!
Awesome!!!!
Finally pintrest has an app!I can take pintrest on the go! *tears of joy*:'}
Oh finally a single button to fuel my obsession...
Finally!!!! So excited!
About time!
So glad we get the app now i will be on more lol
So glad we get the app now i will be on more lol
FINALLY !!!
Love it...looks good. No complaints
Pinterest really delivered with this app. One of the best looking, actually android themed, app that I've seen. Well worth the wait! Thank you pinterest!
So excited that there's FINALLY an app!
Finally!
Finally!!!
It's here!
Greatness...finally a real Pinterest app!
Love what I see so far!  I am so excited to finally have this app! :)
I've been waiting for so long for this! Its awesome!
Yes been waiting
so very very happy.
Worth the wait, since it works well and looks great.
Great aplication
Works as it should.
It's so much better than the mobile site!
This is just like the real thing love
Pretty smooth and android themed already :)
Like this app!
I'm beyond excited to have an official app for Android phones! My addiction is only going to get worse.
I'm beyond excited to have an official app for Android phones! My addiction is only going to get worse.
Works brilliantly and looks beautiful.
Smooth ui and so much better than the site on my phone.
Finally this app goes live
Yes finally.. and works very well. Let's hope to see more features roll in soon!
Yes finally.. and works very well. Let's hope to see more features roll in soon!
So glad we finally got a Pinterest app! Looks beautiful and works great so far!
Coolest thing since sliced bread!!
Coolest thing since sliced bread!!
Finally on Android!
Yesss finally the official interest android app!
