Brilliant
After update always running in background.
I found out by chance it was autoupdating and getting all sorts of ridiculous permissions so I had to uninstall all updates. Why does a document reader need to fiddle with my accounts and access my phone number and status???
I would give more thana star if the search function in the txt viewer actually worked well...it doesnt find txt that actually exists quite often
people should respect this app! perfect for galaxy tab!
You are better off getting adobe
Come on add a move to sd so it frees up space on my phone file so big
You only for money,not for work
Does not work!
showing as  installed app.  but not installed in phone.. unecessary down load costs incurred
This is the worst app i have ever seen! Why can't i find files with .apk? Your company sucks and should never exsist!
After update it starts at boot...I can't understand, why?! And also is not such a good reader...
It uses lot of internal memory and RAM and I never require this app.
Not everyone needs this! So you should be able to unistall this. And takes up to much space.
As the title says, can't remove it, needs loads of permits, won't load PDF properly. Should never been installed with phone what so ever.
Good
Awesome
Very annoyed as this app cannot be removed from my sim-free Xperia Ray. I never ever use this app. Please make it possible to remove this app and I will give it 5 stars.
Very annoyed as this app cannot be removed from my sim-free Xperia Ray. I never ever use this app. Please make it possible to remove this app and I will give it 5 stars.
I have the full pro version but cannot remove this one with it installed as well.
I have never had a use for this
I find these preinstalled apps and their update notifications very unpleasant. I would be delighted for the opportunity to uninstall Office suite viewer without resorting to rooting.
I can't even remove this shitty app from my phone. curse the creator of this app!!!
Bought it and it asks me to pay again for new updates even though i just purchased an older version a month ago!!!
I have Xperia neo v and its have 320mb internet memory and this app is taking 20mb i cant move this aplication on my memory card...plz update it so i can move it..then i will give you 5 star...
I have Xperia neo v and its have 320mb internet memory and this app is taking 20mb i cant move this aplication on my memory card...plz update it so i can move it..then i will give you 5 star...
Wont let me uninstall
Dts y its called a smartphone.
Too much memory make it to move to SD Card :(
File corrupt? Err...no. Its a secured document. Useless app if u want security then...
It Use too much of valuable phone memory .... N ask for register too.. I mean not good ,4 me u prefer king office its easy for me
PDF does Not open in Google TV
Don't need this app.  But can't delete it.
I never wanted this & I can't uninstall it. I've had to remove apps I actually want to make room for this. Poor.
Lalala
Came pre installed on my xperia play, just makes a laggy phone lag more
Another bloatware I don't use, but can't uninstall..  Why this (for me) unusefull piece of ...... is consuming 20 MB of my precious space without any chance of moving it to SD?!?!?
Not bad or good
Good
Came with my phone, can't remove, fo         Rced to upgrade al   l the time.
Very slow in opening all files n simply uses the RAM....
No smooth
Thanks for the new update, but what about the Arabic support .???????!!!!!!!!!! ,  Sorry to tell you that this app. Is very poor, because you don't care about the Arabic language and am sorry to tell you that..!!
Dobro e :)
Kingsoft is remarkably better.
Not much better
Ya dig dawg??
Unable to open PDF files smoothly also doc,ppt are not opening good
Why does this app force itself to run in the background I dont want unused apps running in the background
Slow
I can,t delete this app
I want to remove this app. Only there was a way... Solution 0r rather placebo:work on a way to make it able to move2sd thank you uuuugh
Very bad pdf is not well takes much time to open page and effect on eye when pdf file zoom in.out and open,some file not supported,plz update it
Idk lol. Just never was important to me. Guess just being a ternager. Not needing to do anything wwth it. No offense
Invalid for android 2.2.2
How do I uninstall properly? Its taking up memory on my phone.
It sucks
Can't uninstall it wastes space I never use it
Pain
I have officesuite pro pre-installed in my xperia pro.. In apps update section it shows to update the officesuite VIEWER...meaning to say this dev wants to DOWNGRADE my officesuite from pro to viewer, which eventually will not let me edit my docs anymore!!!  I REALLY LOOK DOWN ON YOU OFFICESUITE.. Thank God Kingston Office is much better & reliable..
Internal memory lose,but useful
Internal memory lose,but useful
Not very good:-p
OfficeSuite developers should learn from developers of Tango and other such applications. Hope they will understand that not all Android phones come with 'huge' internal phone memory. I strongly believe that all applications should be made to move to the SD Card...this helps in keeping the Phone Memory less occupied...Developers please take note of this request...and make it happen!! I have not updated this application but using other OfficeSuite application
Wifi? And I can uninstall it. Sux.
Like it
Please could add move to sd option it's crippling my memory!
Useless, need to be able to uninstall
It always says ' no supported files ' what should I do ?
Can I edit my documents through my Android by using this?
Intrusive way of filling your phone with pop up files that won't update or instal properly, gutted I installed it at all.
Constantly occupied 4M of memory.
I don't even know what this app dose and it updates constantly. Its compleate crap.
It does not communicate well with browser, hotmail account and d/l files. Ot does forever to open!
Cant uninstall, dont want this wasting my memory
This app came installed in my xperia play and I have no idea what so ever.i asked friends and teachers,no one knows.everytime I open a folder its empty and still has folders from old apps
Nice
notification for update so often. I dont want to update and install this app in my device. This app is cant uninstall in my phone.
NOT SATISFIED F**K DONT DOWNLOAD
Waist of RAM
This app annoys the hell out of me, I NEVER use it, and yet I cannot completely remove it from my phone, I would rather have the storage space thanks, any work towards this will be appreciated.
Cant uninstall this, dont use, a waste of my phone memory, + too many permissions would rate 0 star if I could
It came preinstalled on my phone. I have the latest pro version installed now. Dont need this crap viewer.
It really annoys me that Sony have this as a stock app so I can't uninstall it, only uninstall updates. It should be optional or have the ability to uninstall it since it's no use to me!
I cant uninstall
waste of space
... and can't get rid of it unless I root the phone and risk bricking it. It'd be nice if manufacturers & network providers quit adding deadwood 'n' let peeps download what they want/need instead
As title
Love it Hella handy
The conversion is not fixed. IMO Excel documents aren't converting on this.
Unable to open docx files showing some strange language! Any reason or explaination?
If I could uninstall I would. Why have you also changed the permissions for adjusting my WiFi???
On my U20i (Sony-Ericsson) Android 2.1 I can't delete the app completely.  I just wanted to try something. So one star for me
Why the application wants change wifi or data state? And why wants many of permisions. Its a viewer!
Awesome
New permissions for this app allow it to perform malicious operations
Installing because of new addons are to easily exploited by spyware
dont know wat it is for
This app needs a move to SD card function! I'm struggling for space on my phone and this app will definitely get the chop in the next 7 days if I can't find the space.
I have no use for this app at all and cant uninstall it as its classed as a system application and came pre installed on my phone very annoying as it also wont let you move it to an sd card either.
Avoid this piece of crap, there's far better out there.
So as with many office type products its very pushy and demanding with updates.
Flippen hell waste of storage !!!!
Latest update replaced full version and what's with the wi-fi thing? Drains the sh1t out of my battery.
Could never open a particular PDF file. Had to install Documents to Go.
Since its the only one free
The developer should explain this permission. I didn't install this update. I'll probably root my phone to uninstall this and other bloatware. Sony should take care of what they're sending with their devices.
The developer should explain this permission. I didn't install this update. I'll probably root my phone to uninstall this and other bloatware. Sony should take care of what they're sending with their devices.
Great Apps for mobile
Sony pick this?
I don't want this app. Don't need it and don't want to update it.
Unable to open .docx files, if opened shows some strange language Y
Dun my heading.
No need afaik for a doc viewer to control wifi and prevent sleep. Uninstall.
There is absolutely no reason this app should control my wifi. Its a goddamn viewer. Sticking with old one.
I decide if WiFi is turned on, not an app like this!
Crap American version
Turning off my WiFi without justification??
Why on earth would this need to mess with my WiFi? Fix those permissions or explain why it needs them! Not updating.
Very handy tool
Er,why does it need these new permissions? I don't want it switching my wifi and data on and off. In the what's new all it says is Hebrew support and bugfixes.
Nice
Change Wifi network state permission. Come off it guys. Uninstalled.
J
Pointless and pathetic. Not needed at all - why bother?
Used to enjoy this app but changing Wi-Fi state drains battery because always searching for signal. If this happens I will drop this app and find another. Really need to have a legit reason for Wi-Fi or again I will just use something less intrusive.
While I have used it to open PDFs once or twice without trouble, the size of this app is way to much, please add as support, or let us uninstall this HUGE app.
Cannot get rid anyone help?
I can view whatever I want on my PC, laptop or network, which all has bigger screens and much better keyboards. So I don't really need this 10mb crap on my phone! Get the hell off!
Wish I could uninstall it. Arc S with Gingerbread.
Would not open the first file I gave to it... a pdf.
will not open pdf files in google tv
SD Card transfer please :-(
But not yet used
This app is uninstallable!
Super
Hate it
Just updated, and tried to move it to the sd, can't move!
Don't need it and can't uninstall or save to sd card wtf??
Cant uninstall
Hmm
Now the pro version replaced by free version which doesnt have edit function :-(
Why you remove arabic language? ????
Can anyone plz let me know how to unistall this. Thanks.
Update weighs much comparing to othere.. Built in app and.. Soz it sux!! Its slow and.. Not recommending. Tons of better alternatives out there.
This used to be good, now keeps failing on updates, not impressed!!
Awsm software.... Bt editing option should be included....
I can't uninstall this program.
unable to remove it even i already purchased full version, always ask me to upgade this bigggg thing but i nvr use it at all!!! annoying!!
I hate it
We ve to buy pro to edit feature  :(
Great & Goods
Ohh god it sucks. Works very slow, pdf files take time to load. Can't move to sd card, can't even remove it from phone coz its in built app for my phone. :'(
I have no use for this app but you can't remove it. It also tells me to update it everyday which is very annoying
So bad
And can not be removed.
Helpfull
Needs the option to not pop up with updates. Far too big when you just want to use google drive.
Why can't I uninstall the updates for this app? What a terrible waste of memory!
A 17mb application that you can't remove and it's only a viewer? Kingsoft office allows you to modify and even create ms office files, and you can remove it if you want. This app is completely useless and a waste of precious phone memory.
Nice app but not giving five stars coz unable to move to sd card
Way too large for internal memory, great to use.  Too bad
Vg
I dont want or need this app why can't I uninstall it
It's 19MB & doesn't support move to sd.
Wat fuckol app man v cnt unistal it also beter remove it frm market
Good but carnt make a doc
Cannot uninstall. Avoid
Sony make you have it, I dont want it, come on sony sort this out.
This is insane. To big and won't uninstall
Can not open any file ！
Not ok
I do not want this garbage on my phone but I can't uninstall it. Degenerate scum.
Hard to navigate, through, can't uninstall, and I have 2 of them!  IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY!!!!!!!
not worth the internal memory..
it's just a viewer of documents and cannot even edit it. It cannot even uninstall! And one more thing is it cannot move to sd card. fyck. I will just uninstall the updates and have documents to go again.
No move to SD is a major flaw.
Update 6.10 removes paid version
Doesn't do anything but send you to their site to beg for money
Is a nice apps but seriously? Can't uninstall it? Wow. Even cancelled the option moving to sd card??
Why the hell I cant remove it from my xperia ... Eats too much memory...
but it would really be great if it has the ability to highlight documents
skg
So bad
I hate it
F
Do not install.  Incompetent or unscrupulous creation. Always loads on startup and consumes memory.
If only I Could
Sama mokkai
Get this app off my phone, takes up valueble space and its annoying. Make it so you can unistall the entire app not just the updates. Godd!
Wish to uninstall
I do not want this app on my phone and sould very much like to uninstall how ever it seems to be interfaced with android os and I can not remove.
I want to get rid of it from my Xperia Arc S, but can't. All updates take up too much memory. 17Mb and you cant move it to SD - ridiculous!
How to uninstal this ??!! I realy don't need this
Why does it need to get to my accounts and password?
Bloatware font want font need why i vantaalle uninstall it
Unwanted bloatware I cant uninstall or move to sd card
Atleast provide an option to move it to sd card. Why would I need this bloatware when awsome office suites like kingsoft are provided free.
Dont need it, didnt ask for it and cant uninstall it, its a bag of shite
I can't remove it from my Xperia PLAY! :-(
Waste application preinstall.
Not a good App. Better off with Google Docs.  Don't want this on My Phone but can't remove without having to Root.
I don't have memory on my phone for this and cant uninstall.  JERKS!
Preinstalled garbage! Cant delete
Forced to update due to annoying reminders! Don't even need it.. Crap program!
Unable to uninstal, unable to move to Sd! And too big!
Used to resize text on a word document when I zoomed in. Doesn't do that anymore.
Cant even update it cant unistall it since its base software for my mobile
I don't need this useless mesh of data
Can't uninstall this app even though I don't need or want it. Hate being FORCED to keep stuff I don't use
Ready
Jutt g
I am unable to fully uninstall this from my phone
I can not get rid of it, it does not open every other .pdf file overall it is very bad. takes a lot of internal space for nothing..
After update , it became very bad, bcoz can't copy words from any document :@
Installed this to open RTFs. It opens them as text files. FAIL!
Most pointless thing on my phone
Permissions, please explain...
You've gone too far, im not giving you access to all that info on my phone. Set to auto kill this app whenever it runs, since i'm not able to uninstall.
Not everyone using phone for business,and this app takes up so much space, I want to rate 0 but 1 is the lowest.
Please let me uninstall this or at least give the option to move it to the sd card. Takes up so much space now
I dont like office's!;L
Very very slow and very annoying when opening PDFs and docs. Wish I could remove it :'(
Great app if you want it. I don't though, wastes the pathetic internal memory  on Xperia.
Like they ask you to, but instead of it adding pro features in this app, they are both separate on my phone, the only one i can uninstall is the one i paid for. Bloatware. It now takes up double the memory. The pro should add on, not exist in parallel...
How can you stop this from keep wanting to update, also give the option to uninstall as I have the pro version
At least give us the option to uninstall
This will be my last Sony device unless you stop the policy of bloat ware. It has made this device, with adequate storage, into one with very limited storage
Great app but cannot move to sd card. Please fix the problem. Use too much my internal memory
Cannot remove this @&% from my phone memory
Cant uninstall. Crap app.
Sort it out chaps
This app is brutal on storage please patch it quickly!
What for? read sensitive application data?
Took the jam straight outta my doughnut
Took your life to open simpl ppt file
Don't want it, don't need it. It just wastes phone memory, so if you're downloading it, say goodbye to that memory you could use for something better and useful
Can't uninstall it and it's wasting my memory...
Can you make it movable to SD 'cos of the massive size.
Can't uninstall and takes up memory
Would be 5star if it could only be moved to the sd card. Hut it's good quality freeware and free of ads. Cant really complain!
Would be 5star if it could only be moved to the sd card. Hut it's good quality freeware and free of ads. Cant really complain!
Dont want it
Bad scrolling. Gonna try kingsoft
Bad scrolling. Gonna try kingsoft
File manager not open
Cant uninstall it, wants updating all the time and takes up memory.
Downloaded this as a trial and no longer need it but I am unable to uninstall it!
I cannot install this if it can't be moved to SD card!
Cant edit documents unless u buy pro version. Wasting memory. I recommend kingsoft office.its more effective n free.
This is such a pointless bloatware i have androzip for file manager, adobe reader for pdfs (billion times faster!!) And i dont need the functionality of word/powerpoint/excel so why include this as a mandatory app you cant uninstall?! Why not!? U did it with that crappy xperia hotshots app!
This sucks! what good is looking at a document if I can't edit?? Oh, unless I pay $15! Free version lead me to believe I could do that..oh silly me..free apps?  NOT!
I uninstall this app, but it keeps on coming back!!!! Very annoying!!!
A very useful app. Developers were fast at responding to removal of the SMS/MMS permission. This gives good confidence in them.
I wish I could uninstall or move to SD this useless piece of shoftware
Can't even uninstall..
MALICIOUS. Useless. Such a large file just for viewer. Kingsoft office far better alternative....
Dont use it could be good for others not me
Dont use it could be good for others not me
Let us create new document, and edit, and you will be appreciated.
A
Useless app n I can't uninstall it... Wasting memory phone
I really don't need this occupying space on my phone when the Xperia Mini Pro only has less than 300MB user-available storage...
No reason for a document viewer to have access to my accounts
Why can't you move this to the sd card as it's taking up my space and I also can't uninstall.
Why can't you move this to the sd card as it's taking up my space and I also can't uninstall.
Unable to edit the text....of excel sheet in particular
This is a joke have no need for never asked for it don't fu****g want it so why do I have it
Dont like new enumeratingfiles service, which is constantly running in the background!! Uninstalled and installed Kingsoft office!
You try using your phone like a pc... Honestly have more chance of Michael Jackson making a come back!
Ad move to card or to delete. Bloatware is smothering my phones internal memory
Good apps n Update it. Idk why ppl rate it low.
Why should I let this application fiddle with processes and accounts? How can the developer justify that? I won't update, want to uninstalled.
My neo almost done for it , make it move to SD
Dont need but cant uninstall! Taking up needed space
Want to uninstall. Can't. This is BS!
Get of my phone
I installed this by free will and now unable to remove it? Why?
High cpu and ram usage, unnecessarily automatic started background service and process. Scrap software.
Worthless free cheap stuff how do we the people get rid of this app because updates after updates this problem is here fix it please one more thing. (Period)
Make it movable to SD card, please!
It is wasting my memory.  Pls enable move to SD
Sick of all of these pos apps getting forced on my phone.
17 megabytes after this update? Are you serious? Whoever approved this release for the android market should be fired. Wake up, Devs! Consumers are going to put up with this bullshit any longer.
junk, never wanted this app. and cant get rid of it
What???
please add move to Sd card feature
Let me uninstall please.
Excellant
Really, why oh why fill phones with immovable bloatware? I don't care if it's good, I use something else. Bad boy, Sony. You've made me hate this app and it's not the app's fault. Xperia Arc S
Cant uninstall it wasting my phone memory sucks!!!!
Bloatware can't uninstall
WASTE OF SPACE, I WANT TO UNINSTALL! I don't need it, I'm not a business man!
Waste of memory...
I dont want or need it , thats what computers are for-_-
To all the haters: your phone is old, get an upgrade, or get root and remove the app. I can't believe there are so many STUPID smartphone owners around here.
Nice really......very useful app
Have no use for this app! Keep uninstalling it but it doesn't work! Very annoying! Don't want it, don't need it, have no use for it :@
For experia users if u want move to sd card go on settings then application after manage application and then click this after that you will have something there says move to sdcard :)
I have purchased the software and suddenly I had an update yesterday which make it read only. I was able to edit the files and based on that I purchased. also yesterday, I started seeing an announcement for an upgrade to be able to edit which will cost US$10 more.... I had a lot of difficulties even when I was using it for editing. I will uninstall and look for another software. I hope everybody will follow my comment and never buy it.
Very usefull
TF201 Slow loading, otherwise ok - uninstalled as simply too slow
SD CARD support please! And let me uninstall this, I already have officesuite pro ): Preinstalled apps suck ):
Bloatware
Bloatware is bloaty
Can't Uninstall This Crap..
Unacceptable, needs to be able to be installed to SD card. Such a shame, as it's pretty good otherwise.
Move to sd! Please
Move to sd! Please
Unable to copy the text
I can't uninstall :-(
Have no use for this but keeps wanting to update - can't uninstall underlying program - please allow to mark updates as not wanted or allow uninstall. Thank you
I can't uninstall this bloatware. Don't want it, don't need it, can't get rid of it, wastes my memory. At the very least, you guys should make it so it can be moved to the sd card.
I want to delete this but cant because of firmware.
Bla bla bla!!!!! Pointless.
When will developers realize install to sd is mandatory. Add that and 5 stars. Awesome app, but 20mb internal memory? No!
Only can view, can't edit... what de point...
Pointless indeed! What is this app for? Why can't I uninstall ut? Grrrr?
Update takes up to much internal memory. Need to have it run off the SD, otherwise, it's useless because I can't install it. Way too big right now
I don't need it yet, so why should i update it?
Why does the update need to be able to access my account details and be able to delete / change passwords?  Spyware?  No response so giving 1 star
I hate office suite~~ everybody sing along!
Not possible to uninstall.
Why are all these permission needed? Read SMS/MMS,...? Not updating... Can be uninstalled on rooted devices ;-)
Got no reason to have this on my phone..cant get rid of it..dont want it..something should be done with companies forcing bloatware like this.
I just want a document viewer.
This app can check your phone state, number, msgs, private info. . Etc. I wont be upgrading! SPYWARE.
Waste of memory, can't remove it
Never use this & cant uninstall or move to sd. Now the latest update uses 14MB more space than the previous version! Internal memory is extremely valuable on an xperia play!
Came with my phone and cant uninstall, so stupid, and read sms? No thanks.
Not on!!
Why should it access phone calls & messages? None of its business. Advise all users to delete this app.
Why can't I uninstall this
Cannot uninstall this off my phone, so please reduce the app size or allow for transfer to SD!
Why cant we uninstall this worthless app? I didn't pay a crap load od money to be stuck with apps I don't use and don't want. Fix this!
Needs move to sd, takes up 15 mb of internal memory, largest app on phone. Sort it out!!
After reading how much memory it takes up on my phone , no thanks. Sony needs to allow users to delete things off their own bloody phones that we don't need or want how freaking stupid !!!! :@
Stupid thing takes up precious space. Damn you Sony.
DONT USE OR WANT AND CANT UNINSTALL :@
Want to get rid of this
Why does it need to read my sms?!?!
Went from 4MB to 14MB after updating. Arc 2.3.4. Mystifying why these App developers don't seem to care that so many users have massive internal storage constraints. I don't use it cos I have Astro and would uninstall completely if I could. Sony failed so badly with the memory issue.
Package file is invalid.
I needed to update this app but after reading that this app can read my personal sms messages and also add accounts onto your phone and then  deleting the password I think ill be removing this app completely
Before update just under 5mb after update just under 15mb and no move to sd.
This app is constantly wanting me to update. I don't want it, never used it. Just bloatware on my Neo where memory is at a premium & it can't be uninstalled. Kingsoft office is free & takes care of everything for me.
Is huge and mo move to sd
Why am I forced to have this crap installed on my xperia phone and why am I unable to delete it?
It asks for autostart in update and isn't possible to uninstall!  I hate it.
Preinstalled crap. Don't want.
Get off my phone, give me back the memory you stole!!!  Doesn't even open .pdf files!!!
Pfft..
App is just too huge..
This will not work on Excel files for a tabket.
cant get it to open pdf files on the Revue says no program can handle that action.
Good
kingsoft office is better.make it moveable to micro sd.
Hey
Did they even test opening PDFs? A complete failure. How long does Honeycomb have to be out before it is supported?
Why does this app need to have access to my SMS, MMS and accounts?
Haven't been able to find an app that would open certain pdf files, but this one does.
I cant even figure out how to create a new documen its fustrating
Great
Poor graphicgraphic
DOES ANYONE KNOWS WHAT THIS MEANS? HOW DO I VIEW MY FILE?
Apparently only useful for small files.  Uninstalled.
Will not open .xlsm files
Why does it say its installed when it is not? Please help...
Excellent
No PDF Support.  Major flaw.
Junk, don't open xls, just get an error memory full, and it's not, what kinda bs is this?
Does not open RTF file where I downloaded it for. Deleted.
wont open pdf files on google tv.. Logitech Revue
Does not work on google tv******* DONT THEY TEST ****WHY IS IT HERE???
Won't open the only .doc file that I need to see. Uninstalling now.
searsh for arabic word is not pure with my font
App works fine, but I don't use it. Unable to uninstall as it was loaded as bloatware on phone. Even the option to move to SD card would be a welcome option.
Nice
I can't even remove this shitty app from my phone. curse the creator of this app!!!
But charge money for editing.
Top flight app
Hate dus for its so many updates i parsonally tell u if u really need this application then only download.
Works very good and it is very helpful. But updates are like every other day and it takes LOTS of memory.
Please design to move to SD card.  The only option I see is to root ny phone because of apps like this.  Wonderful app, but it's too big...  Design to move to SD card please.
Came with my phone, can't remove, fo         Rced to upgrade al   l the time.
Gd
Nothing to say not gud
But this app.is not very good
I thnk it is good....whts the diffrnce bw adobe reader & this
This app. Is good. But it takes time to load any PDF or any other office file !
App is very poor. Can't view docx files properly.. Even pdf files r not as good as adobe reader... Tats y just 2 starts.. Dunno y Sony put it as default app
Why can't I store it on my sd card???
Cannot open 10mb files on the phone showing memory full for only excel files kindly repair this problem asap
Only shows part of excel files missing numbers and names , quite annoying
K
Allow to move to sd card
It opens all the files I need form powerpoint to pdf
This app used to be good but I refuse to update and allow this app to make changes to my WiFi network. It is supposed to be an Office app, not a spy app...the latest update is too suspicious!
Amazing app but now forces me to download fifa 12 and after I have downloaded it it still tells me to do it. When it worked you could easily view files.
Always in the list of apps that drains battery.shame. Such a goodapp.had to unistall updates. Pls fix
Why does every good app seem to want more and more permissions?
Its too much on my little internal memory compared to the functionality it offers.
Sure it's nice to view docs on the go however I am puzzled as to why a document reader has to run in the background constantly. Maybe the developers would like to explain to everyone why it is that the app has to have access to all corners of my android phone if it's job is just to read different document formats..? It seems updating the software is surrendering all control of phone to the app. I am not impressed!
I don't want this app. Don't need it and don't want to update it.
Support for Open Document Formats is needed
It's a good app, but why does it need to manage wifi?
Annoying it cannot be moved to sd card
Very basic but I can see the usefulness for some. I can't uninstall, which is a frustration
I
I just uninstalled all updates after the latest update as it took up almost 13 mb of phone memory. Allow moving to SD!!!
Can't move to sd card :'(
Nice but outdated
Really big app 11mb update!!!! o_O
Should be able to move to SD card. Takes up too much of my phone space.
Why does it need to run as a service? It just eats up RAM memory!
Hh
not worth the internal memory..
Neat and crisp layout. Add option of moving to SD Card and I will re-rate.
Pity you can't move the documents to a particular folder
The update does not allow it to be moved to the memory card. Please fix this, otherwise too large to keep on phone memory.
Should be movable onto the SD card.
Opens docs but can't zoom past 150%...so can't read text from screenshots in doc/docx files.
Has some nice features but not better than the  included document reader.
I  purchased the pro version and it is working okay until last update. It changed to this version and ask me to purchase again ??? What happen ?? Kingsoft offer better apps and it is FREE
Ok program but too big and can't uninstall.
I only downloaded this to read rtf files, which the description says it will do. It doesn't. It's useless to me.
Took your life to open simpl ppt file
Oddd
Kishore
.k but need to improve last update !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Graphs r gd but zooming size is not in control
This app is
Can't uninstall and takes up memory
Enable move to SD. App is FAR too big for install in memory.
Why can't you move this to the sd card as it's taking up my space and I also can't uninstall.
When I need it, it works well, yet the ammount of times I need it doesn't justify the fact I can't get rid of it and it takes up around 16Mb... Atleast allow to move to SD Card
Came pre-installed and i rarely use it. Its not that good especially with pdf. I now use adobe reader. The worst thing is that with the new update it constantly runs in background. I uninstalled the updates but not uninstalling completely  for rare use when u have to open some doc. The real question is for how long will i be able to ignore its update available notification.
Don't want or need it.. Can't be uninstalled unless your phone is rooted which most people don't want to do. At least make it so you can put the data on the sd card.
Latest update is enormous and can't be moved to SD card. Avoid
Nice really......very useful app
Can not display equation and special characters. Need it.
Plz, move to sd s needed!  Phone memory dies :-(
Ok
Ok
Please add options to move to sd card
Can't view my XLSM files. Come on...its already 2012.....
After updating from version 5 to 6 , my edition change from professional to viewer edition, what is this?.very bad.
It's bloatware, and the new permissions shouldn't be there. I can't even uninstall.
What the different .. ??
Why the new permissions? You dont need my accounts fck that
Cannot uninstall this on either of my Sony Ericsson androids, or run from SD card. I prefer other app's with features I can control.
Ppt ans pdf work pretty well but word files needs work. Also can't uninstall so no chance in me buying the editor.
It is really slow with PDFs and not movable to sd card. I wish u could remove it but I can't :(
Y does it need to read sms? How do I turn that off?
I can't move it to my SD card without rooting my phone. Add that feature and the rating will go up.
Very memmory hugry and it can not be moved to sd card. I bought it so now i am stuk with it it is the most memmory hungry app on my phone
The app itself probably Works just fine, but needs support to transfer to SD. Like this, replaces the built in app, taking valuable space from the phone internal memory.
And why do you need access to my sms??
Good
Does what it says. Pleased with the functionality.
Why it is in memory always?
Please add PDF support for Google TV.
just k..
Its a decent app but in all honesty I prefer Kingsoft Office. It uses too much RAM for my liking and I'd prefer it if it didn't try to barge into everything I use. These are just small petty complaints though and its still a very good well supported office app
Please bring move to sd card option. It consumes lot of space in internal memory !!!
The app good . A little bit slow and should have the option to save to sdcard..
But it is massive and its PDF reading is not as good as Adobe's PDF reader.
noy suh fu fso dao no nei
its a good app but there is a problem when opening a power point presentation it hangs while opening certain slides...
It would have been perfect for me if the app could be saved in the sd card. This app takes up a lot of memory in my wt19i.
Excellent for PDF n other file
brilliant
Nice app
not  bad
Nags at me to get the font pack. Got pro and is fine.
Super app
Would like to know how to add bookmarks. The help website offers no helpful advice. Xperia Play...
Its k....!!!!!!
Please make it movable to sd crd.
No smooth
keka
Sucks
I want to remove this app. Only there was a way... Solution 0r rather placebo:work on a way to make it able to move2sd thank you uuuugh
Yes
The version I have does what it is supposed to do. 1. I will NOT update to this version because of the new permissions. 2. My phone does not have a lot of memory. I'd add a star if it could be moved to SD and add another if the permissions were less intrusive.
I give five star if this app can move to sd card
With no editor
This app. Is good. But it takes time to load any PDF or any other office file !
Proper office
Nice mobile application for people work many things on mobile.
Notbad
I use it to open Torque app .csv files on phone , happy!
Helpful
Hi Hfh
Ok
Ok!
Like it
Editing should be there
Please could add move to sd option it's crippling my memory!
Allow to move to sd card
Shows bullets as numeric when even the default document viewer shows them properly as bullets
Good
Excellent
Thik che
Nice app.very light
Whats the point of updating this? I don't use this app. Lolz
Sa
No more background service so that's good
??????
Good apps
bt nt up to the mark. Viewing pdf files are much more covinient in adobe than office viewer....  Woukd give 3 star.,
I was gonna get related apps, dictionaries, gramma, punctuation, thesaurus, etc but after getting a few I realized, once again this could have been offered months ago and even now a "more specific/precise" offering if it were a "real avenue"...but it's only another ploy to run out the clock...tick tock
As it says on the tin. All good
Uninstalling this app as it is keeping my phone awake and draining battery because of this. Worked fine until a recent patch.
Please add d option to move it to Sd card in next update thnx !!
Loved it easy to useuse
Nice app to use .... Using word format files on mobile iz co0l . . . Really like it
Best app for creating new files like powerpoint , excel ,words like that . Thanks .
It's a PDF reader for android too.
Grate for seeing pdf files on my phone about work. And thank goodness for the hebrew support.
Thank you
Don't download this recent update . See scotts previous comment about WiFi switching and network use . Look at the new features before confirming download
Tagal ma-download.
O visual é excelente e a funcionalidade, comparado a outros, ESTE FUNCIONA, os outros não. Pesa um pouco na memória do sistema, mas foi o único que rodou meus PPT. A tela dele de excel também é bem rápida, legível e fácil de manusear. Testei outros similares que deletei. Apenas este é 5*
Takes up loads of space though
Pls add zip file open function nd pdf.
Okay
Not bad
Hi
Gud app
Like
Works good
Why on earth would this need to mess with my WiFi? Fix those permissions or explain why it needs them! Not updating.
Very handy tool
Very handy tool
Good
Very nice
It's very good app but the only thing is if it moved to SD card would be great.
This is 1 of d best apps..
Download our fonts pack for this app. Click to download, then to be greeted with a "Purchase" button. What a Con, ad if you couldn't say this in the first instance!  Leads you down a path of thinking the fonts pack is free, only to find out they're not, ha!
Though as a free apps, its a wonderful application, but then nokia store also provides free application directly by microsoft...this alongwith ability of nokia phones having point to point voice navigation makes nokia winner atleast in some aspect though people say android has more features but then you dont need numbers,,you need those which u actually use...we have the habit of downloading so many apps but we hardly use them...    Coming to this app,,this is certainly a good apps,,only negative point as compared to Kingsoft Office is that you cant edit files here where in kingsoft u can edit files but then this is less heavy on internal memory as compared to kingsoft even after transferring to SD card.....
As above
K
K
Y
But not yet used
Thanks
Great apps for us IT gurus
Helps you open presentAtions in class and pass the exan
Works great, very handy
But with the latest update the files in Hebrew are not readable,please fix
Jarang ke pake
Please make it to sd card
Let it be on memory card.
Let it be on memory card.
X
It does what it says but uses too much space & cannot be uninstalled or moved to sd card.
Seriously over 17mb installed and can not be moved to sd card..???
Excellent. .....
jije
No ms project support
Works and runs fine. Use to use this app, but no need for it anymore.
Hi
If only I Could
Wow?
Cant uninstall otherwise nice one. Also Cant move to SD card
Best app for viewing , but can't edit
Nice
Used to resize text on a word document when I zoomed in. Doesn't do that anymore.
Nice app
Nice bt veryyy slow whn zoomed
Cool feature, but still unable to open some text files :(
Nyc app......
Ready
I will try it hoping it supports Arabic well
Nice
Hardly used it in the end. Updates were huge files and I cant uninstall it now either. How do you get rid? I'd like to free up some of my memory.
Super
Ok!
I love this app
I would upgrade as this product works on my Thrive better than Office HD. However you want to much of my personal info. I don't need you watching over me!
Cannot view pdf files properly.
还是之前的版本好用
You try using your phone like a pc... Honestly have more chance of Michael Jackson making a come back!
Very big, can't be moved to the SD. And it's only for viewing...
It is the best office app in the market but I will not give 5 stars until it stops running in the background ,and even if I end the process it starts again....something like...enumerate process
Nicey
Excellent..
Wish I could print stuff off using this app.
Needs moving to sd.
It won't let me open pdf files.pls fix
Okay
While useful, I really didn't want this on my phone
For experia users if u want move to sd card go on settings then application after manage application and then click this after that you will have something there says move to sdcard :)
Great one
Why can't this be moved to sd card. Great otherwise.
Until App to SD supported, I have to refrain from updating because it takes too much phone memory.
Perfect
Nicely working
Good, can menu bar able to visible
So far its ok
This time it did work
Great
Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Useful app
Why does it need to read my sms?!?!
Mokka
Every time I install a sprint update, this office installs for some reason... C onfinedit takes forever to open docs and want open some of my docx files... But I still choose it over the others..thanks
No probs
Okماشي حاله
Ok
I personally wish for the good news version..bless u
Eatup so much internal memory
Plz add move to sd card consuming phone memory
Awsome!!
You need to make it smaller 15mb is to much. Or make so you can move it to sd card
Why does this app need to have access to my SMS, MMS and accounts?
Why this application needs to read SMS and MMS ?
doesn't draw arrows, curves or some powerpoint 2010 shapes correctly.
Seems like a nice app.  Doesn't handle .docm files though.
Opened all files. True some files opened a little slowly but they were big. Nice free app.
Great
Program is good, but I cannot give it better than three stars since it resides in memory when I'm not using it.
Excellent
Does not work on google tv******* DONT THEY TEST ****WHY IS IT HERE???
Need to go to sd card please
Need to go to sd card please
مط
Nice....
I still dont know why they keep on updating a app which is born to do a same task???
It cool
Good
You are better off getting adobe
Helpful
Boo.
Cool
we can view almost all the documents which we usually require..
This is a wonderful app. And its free.
Nice
Useful application ....
Does not work!
Create /Editing expected!
Compact, easy to use. Handy doc reader. Inablity to edit makes it 4 stars.
Good
Good
brilliant
Boom
Julio you put you instead of your learn how to write
Bought it and it asks me to pay again for new updates even though i just purchased an older version a month ago!!!
Wonderful& its realy good
Great app
It good app but it no work in my device
okkkkk
It is best apps in the all document apps...
Nice
i need a bookmark :-( I use this to read the txt novels!
Good app....!!! Bt try desining to move to sd na....grabing lots of memory...too big...!!!!
Its good but if some more featuers should be add im it
cool apps, it made me easier to check my business detailed report.
I never wanted this & I can't uninstall it. I've had to remove apps I actually want to make room for this. Poor.
Lalala
Good
U good software,
Great
Its superb
As very supp soft and I liked
I like it coz it's free and I get to read my word files conveniently. I like how all the words stay in the screen even if I resize them.
WHY DOES IT NEED ACCESS TO AND BE ABLE TO CHANGE WIFI STATE???When apps want things like that it should be made VERY CLEAR what & why that function is needed, IMO. As for the app I don't know much about this kind of software but for what i've been using it for (PDF's and reading manga) its great, so far anyway. Its quite large but how this compares to other apps of this sort I cannot say. Also there are regular updates which takes valuable space. Overall a quality app:-)
Good job!
Nice apps i like it
Sahi hai app
I can't open pdf file
Dobro e :)
Not gud enough
Love the flexibly.
Good for free but slow to open PDF. And you constantly moving the doc,around and zooming in out which refreshes all the document each time
Nice amazing...app
Working fine,but slow
Great software for all ppl on the move n need to work.
I give five star if this app can move to sd card
Good
nice
nice
Nice app
Nice app
Gud
Gud
Internal memory lose,but useful
Looking good as per description given. Let me use and come back with comments.
Its a nice app
Proper office
Wonderful app for email attachments... Working great on my android phone.
Cool
Its great tool n very useful with mail attachment
Nice mobile application for people work many things on mobile.
best app i found on andrd mkt,it open almst evry doc.very fast n easy 2 use(when ignore its larger size) work in ofline also compare 2 mob pdf viewer.
Notbad
Need some improvements on pdf files
Helpful
A
U can't shift this app to Sd Card ...  A major disadvantage...
Ok
Superb! Good one!!
Awesome app
Great n fabulous
Samsung galaxy s2
Hard to set up pro got the hang of it now wish i could work out how to convert files to emails on phone
Can I edit my documents through my Android by using this?
Should have move to sd card
Make it able to chance location...except for that it is good
Ok
I have tried many programs...I am keeping this one!
Its good but havin problem wid my xls extension n kinda like freaking me out
Make it faster
very nice
I can easily open files concerning with me!!
This app came installed in my xperia play and I have no idea what so ever.i asked friends and teachers,no one knows.everytime I open a folder its empty and still has folders from old apps
Thats d gud app  I lyk it
Ok
Its pretty good! Especially for reading! :)
664645   !- T56-67-37654   !- T ey
Gud
It saves loads of time and laptop use for my work
Good app
Good
Best app
Best app
Good
Nice Viewer
I had an rtf file that would not open in any other program than this one.
Very good application
Love it Hella handy
Cool I
Its a free app...but atleast bettr thn most other in its kind 3 1/2 stars frm me
Wonderful
Gooood
Not too bad
Good
The problem of unreadable Arabic files is fixed, thanks, now it's my favorite again
Good application
Would be better if more versatile.....
Not bad! Working well for me.
Useful and easy to operate !
Excellent free application.
Working nicely.  Tkanks.
Good application,,,
Nice app
Tiene para buscar palabras en el texto, la interfase es bella y s gratis!  Sólo estaría bueno que sea más fluido al desplazar páginas
Simply gud
It's a great app. Pls provide Malayalam font.
Not so good !!!!
Its very practical
If there was a way to make the text automatically in pdf .... id give it 5 stars
Bt plz make ms office for free....
Works really well use powerpoint alot allows me review new  beforehand when travelling
Hgfvbh Ok
Gr8 app
Great app, simple to use and quick to play or down load music.
Good
This not all bad at all. I give this 8/10.
But we can't browse all formatted file, in explorer.
Cool
really good for downloading ODDs
really good for downloading ODDs
Gud app
Better if it can move to sd card
I need it. Trust me good apps.
My favor doc app , it's the best so far
Good
Its a good application
Good app
Free to use...! Superlike it...!
Vale a pena ter....ajuda MT
Good
Good
It works greay
Very nice nd helpful app.. everyone should try its really useful
Very nice nd helpful app.. everyone should try its really useful
Awesome app for documents reading..!
Its really useful!
Nice n useful
Is a massive file that cant be moved to sd card, dont want it dont use it cant  uninstal it!!
Mst h
I don't use much because im still in high school but it appears to be useful.
There Should be copy and paste option from pdf.
Just wat i needed
I found this app really useful and easy to use. Really need something like this from time to time. Thabks!
But hope more free features
Should make it availible to create new documents
Super
Nice! Would have given 5 stars if it can be moved to sd card.
Just updated, and tried to move it to the sd, can't move!
Perfect app as a reader. I will rate it 5 stars if it can support open office files.  Hey, I was successful in moving the app to SD card. The super tool box move to SD card notification arrived as soon as I downloaded the app from the market. I was successful in moving to SD card. Rooted CM7 Rom.
Dnt read the pdf files....otherwise its ok
I really fail to see the point in this app. And why does it have to be a default app? Tiz very annoying =_=
Spot on !
Nice app but would have been much better if editing was there.....
Really good When you are a busy person
Works as described on HTC Desire hd stock and rooted ics version. Displays basic fonts only but who cares? Objective is to read on the run, which it does well. Invites you to download their font pack. *Doesn't beg, just offers*. You can say no and it still works perfectly fine. Would be 5 stars if font pack was free or cheaper.
It tells about the bussiness level gr8...!!
It tells about the bussiness level gr8...!!
It would have been better......... If there was am option to move the app to sd card............ Pls try fix this issue....... It'll help a lot.......
Convenience is the key.
Awsm software.... Bt editing option should be included....
Wokey
Good
How can i got a password for this..because some files needed password to get entered.
It ok bt nt bad
Great & Goods
It is a very helpful app but would be great if it can be moved to sd card...
Nice
Nice app but not giving five stars coz unable to move to sd card
Great
Great
I lik it
I love app it's excellent.
Easy on processing and memory! Solid application!
How to move this app on sd card.
If u want to move it u should be a super user and convert it to user app then u can move it :-)
Okok compare to other..
An indispensable tool for every droid! Cool
Helpfull.. Great application..
But I will give 5 star if it able move to memory card
Xcellent
No ms project support
Nice application
Really useful
Nice apps
Cool'-   ;-)
Good as simple as it should be
Nice one
I want to get rid of it from my Xperia Arc S, but can't. All updates take up too much memory. 17Mb and you cant move it to SD - ridiculous!
Comes in handy. Simple and easy to use
Great app.. Very efficent and helpful.. Love it.. Would like to see the editing option in it.....
Nice
works pretty good, but still lacks the function of editting files.
Love it:)
Lags when scrolling though, on a new phone with a dual core, so its not the hardware
Nice app
Good
Much improved interface, a lot easier to navigate between files and copy/rename etc. Still could do with improving the Zoom facility on pdf in line with the kindle app as it takes a long time to scale down and up.
Worth installing on your phone... supports lots of file extensions. Simply powerful
It nice
Please sort out the transfer to sd option for 5 stars...as is its eating too much of my xperia plays memory and I have to keep downgrading for space
Nice one
Gr88
Opens most file formats and in their original text formatting and backgrounds and pictures. The only other file format that I have on my phone that this app can't open is .odp (open office)
This app is very much easy and useful
Good software
This app is supposed to be a *viewer* for office documents, and it does just that. Maybe it is not the best office viewer in the market, but it is pretty functional. I might would've asked the developers to add support for the Open Document formats, but other than that I believe the rate they roll in new functions is acceptable.  1 more thing, uninstalling is pretty straight forward, unless your vendor has included the app in the stock ROM as a system app (Xperia has this, for example).
Does what I need it to (read CSV files attached to e-mail) - no muss, no fuss.
Iiked it
Suppose to move it on SD
So far I have only opened a PDF with it . Works fine
This app is
Would be 5star if it could only be moved to the sd card. Hut it's good quality freeware and free of ads. Cant really complain!
The only problem is I am not able to move the app to sd card. Else everything is superb
Sony Xperia S   Good app. .
Good software
Do you guys have the black patch at yr right side of your display once you open? And then close and open again and it gone!
owesome app shud download but there shud be a option to move it to sd card..... it take lots of memory...
Not really too good but not bad
还是之前的版本好用
还是之前的版本好用
Its working as good!!!
I like tht one , it makes it alot easier on the go , where I dun need any fancy stuff !!!
Its worth having
Great app. Lost a star for size and inability to move to SD.
You try using your phone like a pc... Honestly have more chance of Michael Jackson making a come back!
Nice........
This app is really helpful. It also detect note in ppt. :)
File edit should be included
Very convenient tool, nice and easy to use, for those who wants to move it to SD or uninstall it, just root your phone. You'll get those features and more...
Good apps n Update it. Idk why ppl rate it low.
Good apps n Update it. Idk why ppl rate it low.
If it cud b able to edit on files, i might give it a 5 star.
Anyways to settle the uninstall controversy. It can be uninstalled at anytime. Atleast on my tab it does.
Could have been better if you cab edit files on your phone too
Good
To all the haters: your phone is old, get an upgrade, or get root and remove the app. I can't believe there are so many STUPID smartphone owners around here.
It's very useful, like it.
I have purchased the software and suddenly I had an update yesterday which make it read only. I was able to edit the files and based on that I purchased. also yesterday, I started seeing an announcement for an upgrade to be able to edit which will cost US$10 more.... I had a lot of difficulties even when I was using it for editing. I will uninstall and look for another software. I hope everybody will follow my comment and never buy it.
Rubbish,  can't copy and paste. No point having it on you're phone. This app also controls your other apps on you phone.
This is the best of all, for viewing purpose It work better than other and this is take 16 MB of memory
Idk about ya'll, but I'm able to move this to SD card w/o rooting muahaha
it to my SD Card HAHAHA n00bs! (I thought everyone rooted their phones nowadays..)  Anyway, it does what it says it does. Not spectacular but B+!
For those whinig to move this to sd or remove, get your phne rooted and install titanium backup to remove anything you want and move anything to sd.
i like to keep all the study material in phone ... and b able to read it anywhere ... its good to hav this app  ... but i wish i could open rar file in it ... and even creat documents in any formt ... like .doc .docx .ppt .pptx  etc ...
Amazing apps...
Best I've found for opening almost any file A+++++
Until App to SD supported, I have to refrain from updating because it takes too much phone memory.
Simple nd easy to use....
Please make the memory small... Huhuhu... The application is nice and useful but consume to much space...
All these new permissions: how many/what accounts I have, or what phonecall status etc. I'M NOT UPDATING till they explain what for and issue a privacy agreement!
Sachin
I use something else for pdf. But the reason it cant be moved is because its preloaded on your phone. If it wasnt, its probably movable. Mines preloaded so im taking off a star.
Work very well...
Seems to work well on Xperia's
It's ok
Awesome
I had good experience using this....usefull.
It's really good app...!
Nice
Nice
Great
Good
Ok
Good
Unwilling
Easy and fast!!
Not bad
Not bad
What that..
Great app for browsing office documents, but it is quite laggy on my asus transformer ... RTF support is killer feature :)
This app is superior to the rest. I needed a RTF file viewer. Other apps were a waste of time! Great job this is worth a buy.
I downloaded 6 apps myself...this is the best office/document reader out there.PERIOD...that's it...that's all of it
Does everything I want it to do & it's free. Highly recommended.
Haven't been able to find an app that would open certain pdf files, but this one does.
Opened all files. True some files opened a little slowly but they were big. Nice free app.
App works perfectly but at over 15 megabytes it definitely should be movable to the sd card. Currently the single largest app stored to my phone's memory
Curvy off fbi death mr fm it'd go ofteN
Excellent
G one...
G one...
Ok
Except for residence in memory
Works pretty well for me on my HTC desire. Downloaded it since I couldn't view xls files. Can view them nicely now. However I can't copy and paste using this app. Wud be gud if they sorted this issue.
seems to be working well.  had Adobe reader on my Tablet that wouldn't read anything.  this seems to be reading documents well.
Very good app for Ryder
Brilliant
Brilliant
nic..
nic..
After update always running in background.
It's really nice to my Xperia mini pro.
very good
Great to have, works great and handy!!
Nice application.
Ry
i love it . ít helps a lot
Good app
Awesomeness!
Super apps
Awesome
people should respect this app! perfect for galaxy tab!
I just love this app
Come on add a move to sd so it frees up space on my phone file so big
Useful application ....
works well for my needs. could be faster.
Cool a
great to have it.
Helpful to see power point presentations any where any time
Its gud n does what it says
Its gud n does what it says
Good
I have no idea how to rename my documents :-P So......can anyone teach me ?? Thanks :))
Its a hell lot better than what I used to have.
searsh for arabic word is not pure with my font
searsh for arabic word is not pure with my font
This app is awesome. I can look at documents at any time when I'm nowhere near a computer. It's very convenient.
It uses lot of internal memory and RAM and I never require this app.
Kawser.sylhet
Good app.
Good app.
Helped me a lot with my exams for viewing notes that were not working with Polaris office
This app is really good for my documents (:
Very nice
Excellent for PDF n other file
Very Niceeeee
Very Niceeeee
Good
Does what it says it does. Period.
Works good and it can be moved to sd card...u have to go to settings then applications and choose the application
Love it
Good
brilliant
brilliant
brilliant
brilliant
brilliant
Am loving it
Well design..good
Well design..good
Love this. Can't complain at all.
Love this. Can't complain at all.
Excellent
Excellent
I love that I can access my Word documents in my Dropbox folder via this app.
Bought it and it asks me to pay again for new updates even though i just purchased an older version a month ago!!!
Nice
Nice
A Useful app for office files.
Nags at me to get the font pack. Got pro and is fine.
Wonderful& its realy good
Cool app
Super software i relly enjoy it..thank u so much...
Gooooooood
Always working great. A great gear for students for their utilities.thanks to play.
Very productive
Very nice good application down load it. I m an LIC agent and I creat a file of my customers record. I can see easily that file with this application.
Works great on my xperia arc!!
Gila game slot
Works very well on my SE Live with Walkman ;)
okkkkk
Dts y its called a smartphone.
I love it ,very helpful
I love it ,very helpful
Very good
Very good
Really superb..... very essential
All the apps
It Use too much of valuable phone memory .... N ask for register too.. I mean not good ,4 me u prefer king office its easy for me
Top flight app
Gud
Ok
Nice app to view pdf files
Nice app to view pdf files
Its ggggooood
Very good
Good
hehe
文檔現示得很清晰又快，是一個值得相信，也值得支持。
Goooooooooood
Brilliant...
Mantap
Lalala
Xclent
I luv it
Excellent.
(V! "5%%%569*
Gr8
Nice
Nice viewer. Helps me :-D
Lv it!
Good
Really good apps at zero cost
Came with my phone, can't remove, fo         Rced to upgrade al   l the time.
Its gr8
Good job!
Good job!
Good job!
Good job!
Works really
Superb
Sangat memuaskan
Very nice app..... Very easy excess....
Works perfect. Wish I had android on my PC.
Works perfect. Wish I had android on my PC.
Hasn't failed me yet.
This.app is.definitely worth its price 10 pounds is a bargain
Runs super smoothly for me.
Nice application PDF file also view  very smooth
Best app for xperia s works perfectly on this phone better than Samsung anyday!
Nice amazing...app
Good app to read office files smoothly.
The main advantage for me is you can use it to open documents that have a password. In other words you can password protect documents and be able to open them.  HTC Desire
I'll keep it
I want to remove this app. Only there was a way... Solution 0r rather placebo:work on a way to make it able to move2sd thank you uuuugh
Working fine,but slow
Very useful....
Works great. Opened files with other apps and didn't come out as it suppose to but this app did exactly as expected.
bahut betiful he
bahut betiful he
Its excellent
This is the best app! I have used other apps but the viewing of the documents is not as comfortable and I have to zoom in. This app makes it look like I'm viewing the doc via the computer professionally, and easily workout having to zoom.
It works perfect!!
Excellent app for attachment email send/receive and good to download resume and other work emails.
Excellent app for attachment email send/receive and good to download resume and other work emails.
Its really amazing n cool mobile. Like a laptop. Good v good
Hdj
I like it easy to use
Good
Good
5 stars
H G
Best app. To use....
Best app. To use....
nice
Works great on jellybean GNex. Opens docs quickly & makes file viewing effortless. If pages load slow or app uses too much memory, then maybe its time to upgrade phones. The app description clearly states that it VIEWS files, it does not let you edit. Stop rating 1-2 stars because you can't edit. If you want that, buy the full version.
Great
Looking good as per description given. Let me use and come back with comments.
Supper thanks google
Wonderfull
Not bad for a free application :-D
Fast, reliable and very useful app
Cool
I love this
This software is good for working on some projects......
I use it to open Torque app .csv files on phone , happy!
It's good software work is good
Keep up the great work!
Hi Hfh
Good
G
Hay
I have pro, why pro cant remove this app?
Poor
Like it
Like it
Editing should be there
Gud
Awesome app
K
Nice its really worth.
Please could add move to sd option it's crippling my memory!
Good
this app totally helpfull for me, I like this app! really good and easy to use!
Very nice app
Good app but I don't use it much so I would really like a move to sd option, then it would be 5 star app.
Good app but I don't use it much so I would really like a move to sd option, then it would be 5 star app.
Good app but I don't use it much so I would really like a move to sd option, then it would be 5 star app.
Good app but I don't use it much so I would really like a move to sd option, then it would be 5 star app.
Good to use
Its so amazing
After frustrating attempts at downloading and viewing Word stuff with other apps I found this one and it works perfectly. I can view beautiful pp presentations on my new Samsung S2. Shows just as it does on my laptop. Great app!
Exc
Nice app
Vry good
It opens all the files I need form powerpoint to pdf
Exllent
I use it on daily basis and it is great!
Update
It s a good appl among office view packages
useful app
I cant use it.
Excellent
Ok..
Constantly occupied 4M of memory.
VERY GOOD!
Good
Good
I have tried many programs...I am keeping this one!
Very fast
Muito bom,funciona perfeitamente!!!
I don't even know what this app dose and it updates constantly. Its compleate crap.
Normaalne on Pro vee
Nice
Very nice easy to use
It is a little slow to load large (2.5mb) pptx's but the interface is great. Shows a veritcal slide preview on left edge and slides change with a side swipe unlike others which use a vertical swipe.  Great app.
owsame
Neat, convenient and functional application with no advertising for those who don't need to edit documents on their devices.
Hye
So helpful, power!!
VPNG CHEE LEONG OF CNN BUSINESS WORLD MONEY UNITED STATES.
Whats the point of updating this? I don't use this app. Lolz
Nice
Customer service is great and i have to yet experience the best of this app. So far so good. :-)
good 1
Cool app well done
Cool app well done
Cool app well done
Works great. I tried 5 different programs and this one got my vote.
664645   !- T56-67-37654   !- T ey
NOT SATISFIED F**K DONT DOWNLOAD
A very good office viewer which support each and every type of file if u use a high end device u mut hv this...
Nice
Always in the list of apps that drains battery.shame. Such a goodapp.had to unistall updates. Pls fix
Find a new
Nice app
Good app
Good game
Best app
Best app
Nice Viewer
Good App I love it
Good
I had an rtf file that would not open in any other program than this one.
Great to read my pdf and word files
waste of space
Nice 1
Nice 1
Best application in this category
Love it Hella handy
Cool I
Love it
Wonderful
Why can't update,, please give me a reason
Why can't update,, please give me a reason
Gooood
Love it!!!
As it says on the tin. All good
Excellence
Why the application wants change wifi or data state? And why wants many of permisions. Its a viewer!
Thank you
Cool app.it handy to use 4 a slow learner
Good application
Good 1.
Y
Works normaly with Android 2.3.7 and opens .docx
Application
Awesome
Awesome
Super
Works everytime,
Loved it easy to useuse
Loved it easy to useuse
Love ir
I was looking for an app that let me open password protected excel files. I don't need to edit on my phone, just view. All other apps were paid and more than $10, but this one is the only one that opens my xlsx files with a password. Mission accomplished!
Good
The only reason that this app is on my phone is because Sony :-D I'm 15 years old so I don't think I have any reason to use this app but the app still looks nice so I gave It 5 :-) and I'm not gonna update It because of the size and because I don't need It .
I use it for everything. Love it!
I use it for everything. Love it!
A
A
Excellent àpp...I like it.
Really awesome app
Could have rated higher if I had an option to uninstall it.
Could have rated higher if I had an option to uninstall it.
D/l u will need dis anytime
Just two words- Nice software!!
VGood app. Keep the good work going.
It's work  bfine ppt ,pdf &zip file
Since its the only one free
Grate for seeing pdf files on my phone about work. And thank goodness for the hebrew support.
用这个看，用wps编辑
Great Apps for mobile
O visual é excelente e a funcionalidade, comparado a outros, ESTE FUNCIONA, os outros não. Pesa um pouco na memória do sistema, mas foi o único que rodou meus PPT. A tela dele de excel também é bem rápida, legível e fácil de manusear. Testei outros similares que deletei. Apenas este é 5*
Ilove this app.
Excellent app
So great that without it you can not open power point application
Good
Woow
Woow
Great app, no crashes.
What the use of this anyway?
Superb
Very good application for android phones. Its a must for those who have to deal with power points, word and excel files.
It's really really awsome keep it up guys
It's really really awsome keep it up guys
Ok
I like it.
It good..
Great
Great
Good
good
(?)
Good
Download it now!
Very good
Very handy
Okay
Very good
It's really a useful software for those who keep outside and work with emails.
Awsome.....
Nice app. Does what I want without any peoblems. Sweet!
Awesome...
Thanks for the great job i can use it to see  office files
A very good app ....
A very good app ....
good
Perfect !!
Why on earth would this need to mess with my WiFi? Fix those permissions or explain why it needs them! Not updating.
Great app, simple to use and quick to play or down load music.
Awesome
It just works - enough said
Excellent
Good
Very help full
It's Apps
I love it
Very nice
Is ok.
Works great for simple documents I use for volunteer work as well as word etc!
Works great for simple documents I use for volunteer work as well as word etc!
Very good
Yup
Great but more needed AWESOME. Still Bug fixes needed
Really useful and handy for opening files! I can look through my pdf files outside when I am free :-)
this app is best.trai it ..for  pc
Thanx
Office Viewer is excellent for viewing my docs.
Office Viewer is excellent for viewing my docs.
Awesome
Brilliant document reader that does everything it should. Never had an issue with it.
Good one
Great app.....
Used to enjoy this app but changing Wi-Fi state drains battery because always searching for signal. If this happens I will drop this app and find another. Really need to have a legit reason for Wi-Fi or again I will just use something less intrusive.
I thimmm
Awsome app
simple, speedy and smart
simple, speedy and smart
Simply superb... Great application..
Mst h
Mst h
I can view whatever I want on my PC, laptop or network, which all has bigger screens and much better keyboards. So I don't really need this 10mb crap on my phone! Get the hell off!
Good app
Awsum....
Awsum....
This app is Sweet, love the lay out and it's easy to use. 5*
Awesome
There Should be copy and paste option from pdf.
T
Easy to use
Its well performer
PERFECT!
It true good viewings
Try
Should make it availible to create new documents
Suprb app
But not yet used
But not yet used
It is a very grt app. It helped me a lot.
It is a very grt app. It helped me a lot.
Mmg best...
Love the ability to open my password protected files. Need to save in Windows 97 as can only handle one password.
Nice  all in 1 reader
Its a very nice app..so d@mn great.!
great
Good application
Thanks
Thanks
Cant uninstall
Cant uninstall
Good
Good
Easy and useful :-)
Nice look and functionality gives u freedom of choice
Mm
Pros: very nice and clean. Runs real smooth. Better than the default doc. viewer by far. Cons: it'd be nice if it had subscripts and the likes
Really good When you are a busy person
Really good When you are a busy person
Great apps for us IT gurus
its very good userfrendly
Very nice
Its a worth download for me...
Selamat ya!
Awesome!!!!
Done the job
Very nice.
Very nice.
I like very much  Sanju hp
Works great, very handy
I hate it
Wokey
Was looking for something that has integration with the cloud services. Recommend this to everyone looking for a document viewer.
Good app
Good app
Very good , easy to use. Well worth having on your device.
Very good , easy to use. Well worth having on your device.
Pentru create ce promote si face.
Its very useful
Best free document viewer for Sony Ericsson mobiles, best PDF viewer than adobe viewer.
Great & Goods
Great & Goods
Good app !
Does everything you need
Excellent
Nice application
Wohhoho Wow!!!!!!
Safi sana
Wow,ths is a superb software for office gning guys nd file viewers......thnxxxxxx....
Fast
a very useful app indeed...
I have no use for this app but you can't remove it. It also tells me to update it everyday which is very annoying
Kool to say wow but nt yet few mo touches too bee kool Den I be writing a big WOW below here ;-) Bt it helps me n get ma job done peaceeeee.....
Great app
Great app
Great app
And can not be removed.
It is a very helpful app but would be great if it can be moved to sd card...
Helpfull
Helpfull
Food
Great apps on the go!yet..
Like
I.like this app because nice ms package
I.like this app because nice ms package
I.like this app because nice ms package
Nice
One of the most useful apps out there for the people of the office and people on the go and it's free with freedom from the office,Enjoy it all of you,Willy Toohey,Bradford England.Love u Nicola Lewis from Bradford.
It really cool..!
Awsome
Nice app
I like it.. Good apps
Really big app 11mb update!!!! o_O
Amazing app for office docs reader in Android.
Amazing app for office docs reader in Android.
I dont want or need this app why can't I uninstall it
Wat fuckol app man v cnt unistal it also beter remove it frm market
Nice works
Nice works
Not ok
So nice
greatest app for arabic files
My document
Easy to use
Easy to use
Nice
Thanks
Its a really good app to work with various documents that need to be worked on, on the move. But the only complaint I have is that it cannot be moved to memory card. PLEASE FIX THIS!
It's Great,....
Great app 0:)
Great app 0:)
Great!
Very useful n effective tool...
Okok compare to other..
Fantastic App
Its very helpful and timely help. Cool....
Awesome app!!!
Superb!!
Superb!!
just intergrate update into rom if you have titanium back up... it will free up internal memory.
This application is very usefull for every smart phone.
Excellent. .....
Gud
Nice
okla....
okla....
Pity you can't move the documents to a particular folder
Great
Hello everyone
The update does not allow it to be moved to the memory card. Please fix this, otherwise too large to keep on phone memory.
5 Star
It's helpful
Great apps.
Nice app
So useful for my work
but it would really be great if it has the ability to highlight documents
Superb
Only program that opens rtf files, for that it gets 5 stars
Ok
Opens docs but can't zoom past 150%...so can't read text from screenshots in doc/docx files.
Awsome
Superb
Superb
Gr8... App..
Excellent
very nice application.
m
Nice
I dowloaded it to see if it can cope with a 63 thousand cells .xls document, because my stock Office browser hangs or takes a full minute, and it thankfully, it worked well, it only took about 6 seconds.
Very good app to browse ms word,ppt,PDF and the recent history option is helpful :)
Very good app to browse ms word,ppt,PDF and the recent history option is helpful :)
Awsum app Must download
Very good tool and useful for me
Super
If only I Could
Thank you for ad free app and good work!
Closer and closer to never having to touch a PC again!
Not so bad  :-!
Awesome
It works precisely
Nice app
Greats
Comes in handy. Simple and easy to use
Comes in handy. Simple and easy to use
Comes in handy. Simple and easy to use
Safe my life... Manage to do my presentation after forgot to bring my laptop...
It's a great app
I was using Kingsoft Office, which is great and can edit. But even when on as it's over 10 mb. This is only 5 mb when on sd and I found I was almost never editing docs on phone anyway, screen is too small. So, its a good viewer.
*****
I love it
And they share it free. Bravissimo!!
And they share it free. Bravissimo!!
Awesome App..Cool. Works for.PPoint..presentations. Thank you..
Good
The app is great, but please make it with the "move to sd card" option. I have so little mem space... Cheers!!
*****
Great on PC as well as on mobile. All up to the mark.
Dont need it, didnt ask for it and cant uninstall it, its a bag of shite
very good app
I don't have memory on my phone for this and cant uninstall.  JERKS!
I don't have memory on my phone for this and cant uninstall.  JERKS!
Good for stduent   __??__.
I had a word document witch no other office software could open. This is the only one that did...dunno why but it deserves 5 stars for that
I had a word document witch no other office software could open. This is the only one that did...dunno why but it deserves 5 stars for that
great
Wow awsome app
Wow awsome app
excellent
Just.........Amazing!
Funciona muy bien
It is what it is and they say it is and I say it is so maby its not
Unable to uninstal, unable to move to Sd! And too big!
Nice app
Gooooooood
Very good and usefull apps
Best
Jutt g
Excellent
Its good
I never use it, but when i tried it, it worked great.
Madarchod
Really good app, congratulations!!!!!
Buen programa
:)
:)
Nice one
Like it
Opens most file formats and in their original text formatting and backgrounds and pictures. The only other file format that I have on my phone that this app can't open is .odp (open office)
ppt wird perfeKt angezeigt.
I dont like office's!;L
good
It is so good app thats support all of our document. Very nice software.         Jeet
Its good for business pplds.
Hardly used it in the end. Updates were huge files and I cant uninstall it now either. How do you get rid? I'd like to free up some of my memory.
This app is supposed to be a *viewer* for office documents, and it does just that. Maybe it is not the best office viewer in the market, but it is pretty functional. I might would've asked the developers to add support for the Open Document formats, but other than that I believe the rate they roll in new functions is acceptable.  1 more thing, uninstalling is pretty straight forward, unless your vendor has included the app in the stock ROM as a system app (Xperia has this, for example).
This app is supposed to be a *viewer* for office documents, and it does just that. Maybe it is not the best office viewer in the market, but it is pretty functional. I might would've asked the developers to add support for the Open Document formats, but other than that I believe the rate they roll in new functions is acceptable.  1 more thing, uninstalling is pretty straight forward, unless your vendor has included the app in the stock ROM as a system app (Xperia has this, for example).
Great!
GOOD
Does exactly what i needed and seems to do it well.
Its only 10mb in size, buy a 32gb card
grt apps to work.
Its good man..easy for me to study at any time..
Nice app
Nice app
Great app but cannot move to sd card. Please fix the problem. Use too much my internal memory
Hi
Helps me read and review my reports anytime;anywhere
Like it
Tales long to loavd
Iiked it
Super
nice
Good n very usefull.
Mast hai
Zakaas
Eerr
Good
It's awesome for PDF's like my books that i download and stuff
I have tried so many office suites, and this one has the best features and a lightweight program. All I have to say is, it is amazing!!!
I have tried so many office suites, and this one has the best features and a lightweight program. All I have to say is, it is amazing!!!
Two words my friend. Just epic :-)
Nice apps. Continu your proffession.
Kishore
.k but need to improve last update !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Graphs r gd but zooming size is not in control
This app is
Of all
A very useful application. And the developer was kind enough to make it ad-free (though it is actually just a demo version).  This application doesn't deserve the one-star ratings it gets from spoiled imbeciles who call it bloatware. The developer has no control over whether the app is removable or not. It just depends on where the apk is installed. You just need to root your phone to remove apks from /system/app.
A very useful application. And the developer was kind enough to make it ad-free (though it is actually just a demo version).  This application doesn't deserve the one-star ratings it gets from spoiled imbeciles who call it bloatware. The developer has no control over whether the app is removable or not. It just depends on where the apk is installed. You just need to root your phone to remove apks from /system/app.
It is awesome app ,
Dont want it
Nice
I like this app, it is very nice.
Ok!
Good software
I love this app
It does what it says. Now am able to read all Microsoft documents without any problem. Its free what else you want
,,,
Super
I agreement,
Perfect! I can access files on my phone in just a tap. I love it!!
还是之前的版本好用
还是之前的版本好用
A very useful app. Developers were fast at responding to removal of the SMS/MMS permission. This gives good confidence in them.
Excellent app.. Comes in handy always when m away frm my pc.. Thumbs up
Excellent app.. Comes in handy always when m away frm my pc.. Thumbs up
I wish I could uninstall or move to SD this useless piece of shoftware
Excellent app.
Works great so far!
Can open any format even that u cant run on ur pc
So much good
Only lousy would comment
A
Good
Work extremely well. Thanks.
This is actually pretty useful, I mean for people in school or business people, or just people with high IQ, and you people complaining if you don't like it don't get it, and if you download it and don't need it attend to the  consequences.
Good
Good
Nice office suite
Its Awesome!!!
Has some minior drawbacks, but great for a free app!
wow
I m a teacher and I use this application daily.
Plz add support for the chm. File type I need it badly.do favour
Kontol gak guna! Ampas janccoooooookkkk
This app is really helpful. It also detect note in ppt. :)
Thanking you Sony to given the software and it's update.....thank you once again....
Excellent..
Excellent..
Too good
Tq
The Miz
Why should I let this application fiddle with processes and accounts? How can the developer justify that? I won't update, want to uninstalled.
Why should I let this application fiddle with processes and accounts? How can the developer justify that? I won't update, want to uninstalled.
All these haters who haven't even tried the software. Maybe it's bundles for a reason.... This is the only free app I know of the opens rich text files
Makes you can read documents everywhere. :-)
Help me to communicate
If it cud b able to edit on files, i might give it a 5 star.
If it cud b able to edit on files, i might give it a 5 star.
Nice
Came pre-installed and i rarely use it. Its not that good especially with pdf. I now use adobe reader. The worst thing is that with the new update it constantly runs in background. I uninstalled the updates but not uninstalling completely  for rare use when u have to open some doc. The real question is for how long will i be able to ignore its update available notification.
very useful.
Its very useful for excel...
Good job !
It does move to sd card! Great app!
Great app
Great app
Ok nice1
Ok nice1
Easy to keep documents
Easy to keep documents
Its great putting my business plan together
Anyways to settle the uninstall controversy. It can be uninstalled at anytime. Atleast on my tab it does.
its great
Awesme app
I was glad to find this. There are times I need to view attachments or documents on the go. I can edit them later if needed.
Awesome!
excellent
Superb
Thinkin would prefer a virus on my phone, least can get rod of it
Superb tool
it really easy to use imp for sending e maill with photo. or imgae  execel to make time table & many more. officeuse wat ever u spend u can keep expenditure  or to make project worth
I have purchased the software and suddenly I had an update yesterday which make it read only. I was able to edit the files and based on that I purchased. also yesterday, I started seeing an announcement for an upgrade to be able to edit which will cost US$10 more.... I had a lot of difficulties even when I was using it for editing. I will uninstall and look for another software. I hope everybody will follow my comment and never buy it.
Great one
It's Ms.office copyright version. Microsoft should Sue this company ....
Superb
Very usefull
Very usefull
Good app for travellers but still need it uninstall.
This is the best of all, for viewing purpose It work better than other and this is take 16 MB of memory
Supper supper!!
Better then before..but the problem thats must be alway updates...aha
Better then before..but the problem thats must be alway updates...aha
Unacceptable, needs to be able to be installed to SD card. Such a shame, as it's pretty good otherwise.
Move to sd! Please
Better than the rest
After updating from version 5 to 6 , my edition change from professional to viewer edition, what is this?.very bad.
Tq seatle my problems
Good office suite
It helps me so much in my work
Nice and better app
Thanks to Sony for giving this to me free!!
Bla bla bla!!!!! Pointless.
When will developers realize install to sd is mandatory. Add that and 5 stars. Awesome app, but 20mb internal memory? No!
Amazing apps...
G
G
Very useful works well on my Xperia Arc
Very useful works well on my Xperia Arc
I use this app regularly, be lost without it.
outstanding app
The best free office viewer by far. Full featured and simple to use. Thanks dev.
On
Best reader for android..
Best reader for android..
Perfect
good app
Why does the update need to be able to access my account details and be able to delete / change passwords?  Spyware?  No response so giving 1 star
Why does the update need to be able to access my account details and be able to delete / change passwords?  Spyware?  No response so giving 1 star
But can not do my work.
useful  :-D
Works fantastically
No idea why people say it doesn't. It worked for me.
No idea why people say it doesn't. It worked for me.
Good
Excellent
Good
Good
Exxxxxxx!!!!!!!!
Awsomww
nice
Best
Superb...!!!...lYk it....!!!..:-)
Great app, opens all files on emails etc with no problems on Xperia ray
Good
Poo
البرجونة يماا البرجونة
Cannot uninstall this off my phone, so please reduce the app size or allow for transfer to SD!
Ff
Nice
This app is really useful, I use it everyday, when I waiting train.
This app is really useful, I use it everyday, when I waiting train.
Executive
Executive
Great
Great
The most useful apps for me.
Rajendranraju
Very good app
Nice to use it...
Great app
Smooth, looks nice and it's free!
Best app
Does what it says
Is pretty quick and is easy to use
It is good
Why am I forced to have this crap installed on my xperia phone and why am I unable to delete it?
wow
Love this app
Nice app
Okماشي حاله
Yeh!!!
Good app
I love it
H
I love the idea that make the viewer free of charge. After using the free viewer, those who need editing docs on their mobile will most likely buy their pro version.
Gd one
Extremely handy at uni
Nice.
Nice
Never had a problem
Never had a problem
Never had a problem
Sorry wrote my review in the wrong place. This is awesome.
Awsome!!
Great
And why do you need access to my sms??
Good
Unwilling
Good
Why exactly does this need to read my SMS & MMS messages???
Amazing for if you go to school and my teachers a lot of power points and microsoft douments great for studies.
It works great!
Best word and power point viewer i have tried. It shows hidden text in word as well as showing notes in power point. The overall quality is amazing aswell and this is the free version!
Love it..
Super application  Thanks mobi system
Great app for browsing office documents, but it is quite laggy on my asus transformer ... RTF support is killer feature :)
Did they even test opening PDFs? A complete failure. How long does Honeycomb have to be out before it is supported?
Why does this app need to have access to my SMS, MMS and accounts?
Why does this app need to have access to my SMS, MMS and accounts?
This app is superior to the rest. I needed a RTF file viewer. Other apps were a waste of time! Great job this is worth a buy.
Can somebody tell me why when I try to open a powerpoint document it tells me to enter password. I open the same document on PC and there is no such thing. It happens to ask pps documents.
Why this application needs to read SMS and MMS ?
Does everything I want it to do & it's free. Highly recommended.
Very helpful
Extremely pleased wid it..wish pdf reader was a bit faster..must have app. Go for pro edition only if u want to edit the files..
يقبل العربية بمحاذاه لليمين
يقبل العربية بمحاذاه لليمين
Haven't been able to find an app that would open certain pdf files, but this one does.
Haven't been able to find an app that would open certain pdf files, but this one does.
Best.. easy to use..
Finally after trying 6 other free/ trial office apps inc doc 2 go and quick office, I've found one that can open password protected encrypted excel files.
Renders doc and xslx perfectly. And to the last rating, it's a viewer, not an editor!
Nice
Thanks
very nice  works as it says
Looks good but more importantly, it does what it say it does!
Does what it says. Pleased with the functionality.
Does what it says. Pleased with the functionality.
Opens. Doc and. Docx files...and thats all that matters
Apparently only useful for small files.  Uninstalled.
Perfect!!!
Great for school when I use my phone to download my  professors' assignments from their sites.
Allows viewing of my multi sheet spreadsheets plus any other office docs I've thrown at it.  Just brilliant and easy to locate stored files
Excellent
Little slow..But wide range of supporting files.
Its is the best app ! It helps me on everything I need. Opens anything which is convenient.
Ok
Except for residence in memory
100% Brilliant. How did I survive without. Thanks!
grateful that i found this app. great job!
No doubt about it the best
Download u will not regret
Excellent
Excellent
No PDF Support.  Major flaw.
Junk, don't open xls, just get an error memory full, and it's not, what kinda bs is this?
Good
Does not open RTF file where I downloaded it for. Deleted.
Does not open RTF file where I downloaded it for. Deleted.
All I needed was something to open .doc files on my tablet for some school projects, this does the job the first time with no problems. Good enuf for me.
In search for a Powerpoint (attachment) viewer used this viewer and it really works great and fast too.
Finally something that can read a simple .csv! Looks great too!
Very good app for Ryder
