Smooth
New update sucks. Can't stop it from always running in the background. -Zero stars. Time to uninstall this bs bloatware crap app.
Really ugly
Don't understand why this app needs to keep crap running in the background constantly so I switched to File Manager HD which works better with tablets anyway... I have no clue what the background application is but if I had to guess it's me some kind of ad server and who'd want unknown crap running in the background of the device anyway
IT DELETED MY MCPE AND NOW I CANNOT PLAY IT ANYMORE
Using the long press to delete ringtones isn't working...nothing will delete at all can't even get the options menus to open!!! App sux uninstall
No apparent way to use app to send a file to anywhere other then to the phone itself.  Whoopy do!  I want to send photos to my pc.
Ever have a beloved app turn to doogie post-updates? This is one! Wonder why it was changed, despite not being broken?  So, there's an option to switch to classic view but many more ads now! Claims to have a "Bright new start menu..." like new Coke had, yet old style was perfect the way it was. Couldn't uninstall new version fast enough! To each their own; I just can't stomach the new _Coke_, er 'Astro' version. Ugh...This old dog learns new tricks OK, no prob, but this new look is a bone I can't even chew!
Astro works great.  The task killer is a plus.
Does not work with my ICS Rezound. It closes and stops every time I tried to use.
Cannot play music from for directory
must have abuggy version. it will only show mw one file. search wont find anything either. and no instructions
I AM HACKED AND THE TROJANS ARE ALL HIDDEN IN YOUR PROGRAM SUCKS I WAS FORCED TO.TAKE YOUR SOFTWARE WITH MY PHONE.
Was working great until a couple of months ago, now when I try to say, open a picture from a mms, it crashes.. Lg Esteem
Lags very much.. Worthless app ever seen
Aplikasi ni Kaya kontol, enak di isep
Problem "Exception handler" when I open astro every time....please fix it, thank you
Terrible app, a lot of my photos became corrupted and unreadable when I ran this program.
When I click on a song it opens the player and plays something else
I like your app.. With a lot of features.. But can you read rar files? I've downloaded 80 mb files in rar and you when I open this file, its blank and you can't extract it?
Always show file details even if they are turn of in settings....so...
Erased my recently downloaded 4 gbs movie suddenly. Also bad & difficult UI.
Can't download :(
When I moved my pictures to a different folder it deleted them....
I recently purchased the Pro key to install on my Galaxy Nexus and the key does not function.  I placed a support ticket to fix the problem and it has now been over a week with no response from the company at all. AVOID THIS App at all costs.. Lousy customer service and wasted money on Pro
Shite don't work on a galaxy s3 can't access music to use as a notification
I tried this app because the software that came with this Motorola phone is weak. I need to download file attachment then transfer the to another Bluetooth device. Now I have another poorly constructed software that cannot do it.
No prob with the program, but the latest update apparently has it constantly running in the background and taking battery life, bad idea guys
Doesnt work for an htc evo shift. Gets to main screen but cannot get past that screen.
Good. Change new app icon
Confusing help not helpful
This ap just ruined my phone. Deleted all my aps and contacts. Won't let me delete the ap because it no longer exists in my ap list
When you go to use it and try opening a file it asks you to upgrade.
Doesn't recognize external SD Card! Making transferring from internal to external impossible!
I really like this astrofiles.
No move or copy in micromaxx funbook tab
No root access + old UI = useless to me
Crashes when trying to view images from Handcent. Persistent background running. Bloat. Uninstalling.
Rubbish, does not work cross platform, I.e from Sony to Samsung.
I will change my rating when they fix the problem if it never actually closing!
Tried to rename my music but instead it fucked up my music and made it a PDF file. WTF?!! >:( worst app ever!!!
it wont download
Thought it would get better -- up-grade freeze LG Esteem on start up Please fix. Thanks
it keeps run on the background. hope it won't drain the battery.
Will not log in to my Facebook account. Same thing happens to my iPhone as well
Would give zero stars if possible. Crashes every few seconds.
What happened? Upgrades makes the app worse. Takes a long time to load up now. What's the point of quadcore or octacore 1000ghz processor when the app takes a thousand years just to load?
I mean exception handler issues
After the latest update keep force close and jam up my phone. Use to be ok but after update screw up my phone.
There are better file browsers
There are better file browsers
Used to be perfect, but each update deems to screw it up. Now it takes a few minutes just to get it to load, then it forcecloses on me. So it kinda sucks now.
Recently had to do a factory reset on my phone and spent too long trying to figure out how to reinstall my apps. Website is no help, gives incorrect info. App is not intuitive at all. Will b uninstalling...
Regressed with the current update not enough spaced to go in-depth but I have permanently uninstalled
Now requires the application to phone home. Also runs in background and uses resources.
The new update caused me to lose about 270 mp3s.  Crap. Installed.
Runs in background. Wasting my resources. Uninstall stops it...
Force closes when opening picture messages
this application deleted all my pics when I try to copy them from phone to scarf..   don't trust on it
Really.. this app performance is  slow then androzip
I like some of the new features, but now it crashes all the time when trying to view a picture!!! Unacceptable!  Go back to the drawing board!
After latest upgrade, even when I exit app thru its exit method AND kill it w/a task killer, it resurrects itself & runs in background. FAIL. Switching to File Expert.
I don't need this constantly running in the background.  If you don't stay dead, you get uninstalled.
The latest update will not install and has uninstalled my previous version, when trying to install i get 'insufficient storage available' running on samsung nexus s with android 4.1 jellybean.
file is invalid fix it
I thought this app could help me but instead it ruined me. It said it saved my apps and it did not!
Its not working on my xperia ray.
Run always in background after update fix!!!
It just crashes every time And its very annoing
After update cannot open any files?!
This file manager is the most robust so far.
Hate it.
The update mad it so that i wont see any pics sent to me ...way to go astro
delete big files
i like it
This app used to be amazing and fast. Now it's just slow, ugly, and bloated with features we don't want.
Doesn't support every file
Useless, freak app and  ugly skin.
Not working with USB otg
Bad app
Not able to download it
Has adverts
I hate it!
Plenty of apps just as good and they're free. Don't waste your money or time.
Moves Sooooo slow.  Keeps foreclosing.
Freezes up then goes to home screen!
Good for backup nothing else
This app crashes more often than it works. It crashes about every other time it is opened. Nearly worthless.
I have all my music, vids, etc. on a removable card. This app doesn't see it and the help page, FAQ's don't even address directory's. Waste of a half hour..
I needed a file manager that could copy multiple files and paste . This app failed in doin dat.
I Try To Select Multiple Files, But When I Highlight More Than 5 It Takes Me Back To The Main Menu ! So Annoying ! Im Uninstalling !
dagdag memory lng ang gulo gamitin
This app was great on older Droids but it still will not work with the max. The biggest use I had for this was to keep photo and video out of the gallery but on the max it doesn't work. I have emailed the developer but no response?
Looks nice but it couldn't open my SD card. Tried another app and it could read it.
I initially neded a file browsing system that allowed me the capability to stream my mac files on my android house using wifi and this app had ads and did allow me to view files on the computer but no access them or play videos. Plus theres ads!! I would choose Es file explorer before ever downloading this app again.
This app cannot open files on a remote share. What is the point in being able to list them then?
Not sure why there is a folder entitled "sd card" if that's not what it pertains to... All I want to do is transfer music from one phone to another, but apparently that's not possible with this app.
Non greater does this thing than does it do.
Its save my all apps  And also money
WTF?
Good
I tried to move files and in the move they for corrupt. Uninstalling now!
Free version installs adware on you phone taking up memory.  It also won't uninstall!!!
Very hard to figure out what does he want me to do with all my filles.
Mc...
Doesn't let me save
New updates sucks! Uninstall!
I saved a video on the sd for safe keeping. I deleted it from the camera for space when I deleted it also came off the sd :(
Lost everything app don't work
Constantly fc's. No response from support and I have the paid version! It was awesome when it worked! Also, how about an "Exit" button!
Doesn't even let you delete files from your device
Doesn't even let you delete files from your device
Paid for upgrade,  now it says that my device isn't supported... until then one star
It hang many a times  Repair it
Keeps crashing after I move files
Can't play mp3 files I need to use different explorer to play mp3 1 star only
How did I lose all my files with in 3 days ago.
Can't SHARE VIA Bluetooth, Facebook, email, etc..
I got this app, but why can't SHARE VIA bluetooth, facebook, etc.
I tried to move my photos from my internal SDcard to my external SDcard, only Astro corrupted all of the pictures.  Over a year of photos: gone.   NOT COOL.
force close on galaxy s gti 9003
Trash i dont like it
Ugly, cluttered and slow. Used to be my go to file manager, no I'm looking for alternatives.
Poor.. Waste of time Its does nothing even it doesnt extract files.. Sucks, Uninstalled
whats the point .. features of builtin manager - e.g share are missing
After using the clunky unimpressive pre- installed manager I looked at the ratings and decided to try this one. I'm glad I did everything about this seems logical and fits my requirements. Try it you won't be disappointed.
I used this app to hide pictures in it but the pictures alawys pop up in a different folder in my gallery. It worked before it was updated and now it doesn't
Can't disable analytics...
It is okay for what it does, but I don't need another file manager with ads. Try ES File Manager instead.
Has a lot of features but developpers forgot to put group sending, you can only send one by one which is why m switching to file manager hd
Can't wait file.crashes
Confusing.  I have no clue how to work this app.  I suspect it doesnt work anymore.
Dosen't allow me to share files through bluetooth!
Every time I try to change something its says not responding (force close)
1. will not delete programs that I asked it to. 2 constant ads covering the bottom of the screen. 3. very difficult to exit.
Claims to have network support, however opening remote files is not supported making the feature useless. 1 star.
Too many crashes & force stops on my Xperia S!!! Reported many times but no fix so far, the worst customer service ever for a crap app. UNINSTALLED!
Won't read sd card
Only see 13 files, no way to sort by size name date fix!! On EVO LTE
I uninstalled due to the overhead of reporting home.
UPDATE. DOESN'T WORK WITH ICS! FC every time opened. Bummer. Loved it on my X. Not all apps can keep up i guess. But its free. Get what you pay for. No offense intended.  I was concerned about Astro working after updating to ICS two days ago. One FC so far, but working great besides that. (task killer). 5 stars after a week or two with no issues.
Can't say I like these new garbled permissions. Why do you greedy wretches have to spoil everything?
I don't even know to use ._.
I used to love this app, but this app is like a woman trying to decide what she want. The app try to be "every thing". 1 have to give premission to loads of things.. and what not my suggestion. Split it up. All I want is file manager............
It comes with a lot of roms, and since it's already there, i try it. It gets worst and worst. I used to like it.
Bad app .can't  download anything
Very good but needs a button to exit
This sucks.
Bad very bad
I have not purchased this game and now i will not because when it first came on the market it was 99¢ now it is $2.99.
If I install this will it erase my sd card
It takes like 30 mins to read the directries.  the older version was really good, the new one is not even user friendly.
There is a folder called thumb 2 inside which is another folder called thumb 2 and it keeps going. Search and u get lost
Installed the ap, in the first attempt to move files it crashed several times. Gave it the benefit of the doubt but continues to crash completing the simplest task. Garbage.
Time baest
Layout is too cluttered, hard to read with the ad banner at bottom. Found cleaner, easier to use file manager.
I hate having to use this app for certain things, root explorer is sooooo much faster
Is good, two is ok, three is pushing it. I count over 7 ad networks on this app - borderline spyware
Doesn't do anything. No pictures or files show up in app. Uninstall
dis crap delete ALL content of my sdcrd including nwbrn photos of my child
de only phtos i got
cant dscribe hw rgret i am 
piece of hell rubbish!!!!
Laggy, unresponsive, an have to constantly force close. Taking this junk off my phone.
This doesn't even let you explore.
Don't try and select too many files or it will crash
It got convoluted and overly complicated with each update and now I see its sending data to advertisement click sites!! NOT TRUSTWORTHY
Clunky navigation. Impossible to find files with app for me. It used to work but the recent version has been unworkable for months. Deleted.
Aste of time on ZTE
Very very helpfull
Hate it... I like the old one better
Why I can't uninstall this things when I upgrade from gingerbread to ICS?
Bad design & slow  Bad designed task killer
But I knew it too late.... lost my movie files.... can I get them back?
I used to love this program. Recently I bought a new phone with ICS. Paid for the program, but can;t install the key anymore. Not compatibel. Waste of my $4. Too bad there is no support at all.
I wish I could rate it no stars this app sucks dick
I used to make a folder and put a period in front of the name and it would hide my pictures for an example. They woulsnt show in ny gallery, but I could find them in Astro. I want this back.
try es file explorer
Needed to get rid of instant upload this app is terible. Someone help me get rid of this crap please.
Refuse! I decline! But still it won't let me uninstall! It's not opensource and I don't want it! I will have to root and forcefully remove it!!! It should get NO stars for this behaviour!
Does not allow me to erase files!!
Horrible interface
It's really laggy on the xperia mini pro.
How do I uninstall it? There is no option, upgraded to ICS and it has no option to do that its either update or open...ES and file expert are way better....want to unistall help
Omg looks horrible like why they change the UI, looks childish nd cheap use to be my #1 favorite app now im uninstalling
Used to be cool, but now it's slow and practically useless. Try File Manager instead.
Unless you want your phone clogged with ads or unless you want to pay for it, es explorer is a much better program
I am trying to this to my SD card, but it just keeps popping up "Failed to move application". Hoe do I fix this?
Used to be great, but now "application backup" is broken and just hangs on  "loading packages". A shame.
This can't find a microSDHC card I put into a Pantech Element tablet.  Look for the Toshiba Thrive File Manager, which works the first time, and every time.  Actually, most Android file managers aren't worth sh--.   If I could rate this negative stars I would.
I dont know why so many people use this app, but it suck a lot. It runs slow, the ui is extremely ugly. One of shittest app on android
Crashed from day 1
Updates are supposed to improve things right? So why did the "Exit" button/function/option disappear? Is it really too hard for the developer to bring the option back for those of us who want to use it? Apparently it is - it's a shame the developer is merely mediocre rather than accomplished.
This jackass app doesn't even recognize various folders on my sd_card, where other file managers have no trouble doing so
Lost settings and apps as had to reset phone !  Dont update, worked flawlessly before. Chaned to anoth file tool that worked flawlessly
There is a bug that seems to delete pictures on restart; lost pictures of events I'll never be able to recover.
Its useless
Useless
Force stop after a few seconds, cnt even use it!!!! What a waste!!!!! Uninstall!!
Easy to use.. Nice app
Es buen file manager, pero esta horrible comparado con otros file managers que ya tienen el look & feel más actualizado como Solid Explorer. --- Good file manager, but very ugly compared to other file managers with a modern look & feel like Solid Explorer.
**See title**
Stupid stupid stupid
Poor performance
Awesome app
Failed to recognize 32gb Kingston micro sdhc card, only sees 13.9gb. Deleting this app till it is fixed.
Cant move multiple files at a same time its not useful to me
Every pic and video shows up in my gallery no matter where i put it in... Dont like that my unwanted pics can be seen
Spent £4 on this and it won't even recognize my Sandisk microSD so I can't transfer files. Waste of money.
Too confusing. All. I want to do is move one file into another file .. retarded
This app help me alot at my htc g1 even on my samsung galaxy note
everything that sucks about phone storage sucks with this application
I am not a smart person and I'm sure this ap would be wonderful if I could figure it out. Uninstalling .thunderbolt
Force closes on Xperia arc s
I used this in the past to back up my apps before switching phones. Was SO easy! I used it when I upgraded my phone, installed this app on new phone, and it shows no apps backed up! Just replaced phone and same thing! Don't know what happened when they upgraded app, but it is no longer simple!
Sucks...... never download
The app. The trial version is over screw it ,,,un f**ing install
5 stars
I just moved a bunch of pictures, and they are now gone from those folders! WTH?
Keeps sending me back to main menu after 20sec.
Love the earlier version. After update I can't use it...
I'd rate it higher, but it is forced on me by Sony. Also too many crushes lately. ES is way better.
Can't check SD card :/
Why don't you guys publish this REVIEW!   After I installed this app not more than a few hours later I got my first spam phone call and text! I uninstalls it ASAP cleared my phone of all its left behind files and tada no more calls. Hum really FISHY, what's up  ASTRO/METAGO?
I use Galaxy tab 7.7. (Android 3.2) I can move file from the external storage-sd card to the internal storage but cannot move file from the internal storage to the external storage-sd card.
I don't like it, this application moved my pics, music and when I search for them I can't find them uugghh headache	Bad
Fuck ass and enjoy
Love it on my iconia tab a500
Non intuitive interface, lacks some basic functionalitt
After the last update when you change the look of Astro you screw it. Every time that I finish using a heavy game or an app, Astro go force close.
Its said can not parash file
I just love it, went into many file browsing programs and happily found this.
Bs
This new interface is horrible and it is ridiculously slow! What the heck with the huge icons and the serious lack of detail on files. This app now sux. I've had it for over two years and this version is practically useless.
Always error
Creates codes fast, but can't share via Txt message and can't find saved qr codes
Read up on the wild history of this app.  Does eveything but not particularly good at doing anything.
It tried to send a text to my friends about how great it is.its not, It sucks. Not cool ASTRO
Needs to add SMS, call log and bookmark backup capabilities.  Otherwise its not much of a backup program.
Dislike the layout. The first three buttons are almost useless, it just brings you to the file directory, not scan all files and manage your media. Included task manager are of average, SD card interface could be nicer. Other than that, not too bad. Serves its primary function well. However, have to dock for ad. I know user agreement has stated about it, but I still dislike. Try ES explorer. At least ad-free. Primary function about the same.
Why does it keep starting itself. Apps like this make me hate Android. Sick of things dictating to me. I don't want apps running behind my back...Forces anonymous data collection!  Good otherwise.
When I tap on external SD Card it asks to create a path.. I  Say yes and then it errors.. Won't let me see my card..  Other than that it's great.
After every action app freezes and that on an s3. Pls fix.
Good at what it does, but starts automatically and eats up the battery. For this reason I am uninstalling it.
Not working on HP Touchpad (can't see my files, though root explorer and default file manager can see them), copy to/from network shares functionality broken in latest release.  Does not see sd card usage on Galaxy S3.
Found something better recently, completely free and better UI.
Music won't move on to my player after download only like 4-5 songs out of 20 this sucks gotta fix dat I'm a die hard music lover I NEED MY MUSIC thanx!
Unfortunately. ASTRO has stopped. After instal & reinstall few time. Please advice.
Crashes and locks up my phone when I'm not even running it....
This apps does help me moving and organizing my gallery..since ics doesnt allow me to do it.but it doesnt do it completely as after i move the pic..when i open the gallery..the pics were still there on both path.but on the original path stay a corrupted one.i dont know whether it is ics problem or this one.bugs.hate it.
Unfortunately the "analytics" seemed to use 7 minutes of wake lock in three hours. ....this is unacceptable Needs shhfs mounting
Uninstalling due to a stupid bug, & no support for bug reported.
This app does what it says it does but it looks bad and it isn't very user friendly. Something like Ol file manager looks like android and is very well made.
This is a great app and I will give it 5Stars when it has an Exit button.
There's no option for back up all apps. Only could open in music & photo icon on home page. Otherwise could not open any files like video, music, photo etc. in sd usage.
Last update was a mistake. Now it always run in background. Has change sys settings permission to resurrect itself. Like Forced analytics was not enough. I control things here not some stupid app. Thanks but it goes down two star.
After update it stopped working on my GS3. The only app ever to have thrown an exception (so far that is). Otherwise when it works it is a solid explorer app.
Used to be a nice app.  With all the latest updates, it's slower than hell!  Constantly says "updating directories" and continues this forever!
Nice
I took off 2 stars because it is constantly running and eating ram. Other than that its a good file manager.Will probably uninstall if the always running and eating data issue isint fixed.
Was 5 b4. But heard it persistently run n d background. I did not even bother to update. Fix it pls. Ul get ur 5 back.
b
Lost all my music
The latest update will not install and has uninstalled my previous version, when trying to install i get 'insufficient storage available' running on samsung nexus s with android 4.1 jellybean.
Looks like somebody forgot to update the description. 'What's New' guys? You only have 'What's Old' listed up there right now.
Decent file explorer, but does it ask me, a paying customer, to constantly rate it in the Play store? I'm switching to Root Explorer.
Doesn't work in xperia s after the recent update.
Please make this to manage usb drives which are connected via OTG cables!!! Until it u lose 3stars.
Did not see the MicroSD on my Transformer Prime TP201, nor did it see the SD on my docking keyboard and failed to see the flash drive in the keyboards usb.
Good app until I updated.It would not even open 2.2.3
Can't see hidden folders, which would be OK if I could type the path in. Can't do that either, and the search on a hidden folder came up empty.
I used to be able to transfer files and apps by just holding the item and choosing to share file...don't seem to be able anymore....uninstalling
Crashes on me when copy/pasting files, advertising is a bit irritating but it is free. Not that fond of the UI. Uninstalling, lots of other file managers out there.
Does absolutely everything you need it to.
Uninstalling because of the ads. ES is much more functional and is ad-free. This is an okay choice if you don't mind being nagged to upgrade to the "pro" version.
Great app
Don't bother, other file managers are out there
After updating my LWW with ics update it just crashes after i click on manage my files tab bt b4 that it was the best
I forgot why I had avoided updating this app. Now I realize why: it went from pretty list based navigator to a clunky icon portal on startup. Barf.
Works great on my Oxonian and Galaxy S 2. Really quick for copying files from my network share to internal or external SD.  Great work and thank you.
Forgets folder when running in the background. Will use ES File Explorer instead.
Multi selection does not work as explained.  Selected files not highlighted. Used to work before.  Also I had bought this once & after update, application crashed.  When reinstalled, it only gave me the free version.
It only shows an empty folder whenever I open ZIP/RAR archieves. I can't extract them either. And I can't uninstall this app as SONY has made it the default file explorer on Xperia phones with ICS upgrade. So I just disabled this app and use ES File Explorer which is way better!
Fix it soon pls
Slow response from support,,,2 months? Backup app failed me.
Causes errors when moving big files to external drives, I lost 8 gb worth of pics.
This app is default in Sony xperia neo ...but I use e s explorer Please improve UI
Very nice app but please fix the force closing, not a nice feature with all the closing of app all the time.
Sort by preferences don't save upon closing program! There should be a preference to set as default a sort method such as date modified etc
I thought this would let me move the usless apps on my phone to the sd card (facebook,myspace,skype) but it doesn't. So I'm still trying to figure out why you would even need this app?
Afcourse it can search the files but there is no option to copy or send. Only it can play the song.
Overall a good app, but had to face a lot of forcecloses and freezing issues... Love it as it makes gmail convenient for me.
Good
Need more direction
Seem to be better ones out there.
This app is so poorly done.  Most people aren't aware (like I was) that there are much better alternatives.  I suggest everyone try Solid Explorer (free)
Well this app not the best in the market . . . u guys should try NQ mobile booster . Uninstal
Only copies them making everything doubled. Please fix.
Wah,this app good,i want to rate it 5*.but then when i check it there are some app that u cannot rewrite the text and change the game's data.Because of this,i downgrade to 2*.And i need to know where to find the app data i want.reply fast.thx.
had this app before and worked fine. now i cant delete any files from sd card. consistantly comes up with force close notices :(
App itself is easy to use for backing up apps to SD card but I tried signing up for the backup to cloud two days ago. Have tried four times with different email addresses. Get NO confirmation email with activation info and no responses for request for assistance. I wanted this app because it was supposed to give me the ability to backup to the cloud. What's the deal?
ES File Explorer is much better and easier to pull files using WiFi from my PC.  I tried this twice and uninstalled twice.  I gave it a good try.  It's too bad cause the interface is very nice.  Would try it again if the programmers add WiFi (instead of SMB module) built in and is smart enough to see PC's on the network and prompt the user for IP, USername, password, etc.  Too much troubleshooting involved to do it manually.  And, I'm an IT guy.
Doesnot have the option to mark files and send them together via bluetooth
Can't create folders or copy files to external SD card...(Permission Denied).  Honeycomb 3.2
Spent an hour organizing photos with software, clumsily and unintuitively, but effectively.  Now gallery crashes after scrolling thru a few images in any of the new folders.
Stupid thing keeps force closing
Very nice app, was working fine. For some reason, I can't get a network connection anymore. When I try, I get a message box that reads network connection not available. But when I use the test function, says test successful. I tried the other version, and it connects fine, as does ES Fle Manager and All Share. Too bad; I really liked this app.
I am trying to this to my SD card, but it just keeps popping up "Failed to move application". Hoe do I fix this?
Incredibly ugly UI, there are better file managers now
After the whole new update, Astro has become obsolete, It crashes at every little thing you do. It's even worse than the upgrade from xp to vista was.
nope.avi
Easy to use and works
No extraordinary capabilities and no built in modules.2 star just because once it was best of all.
Good app for filing pictures but it kicks me out every three mins....everytime I get some pictures selected itll kick me out and i have to start all over again. Please fix this
Good app...  But have to buy pro version to disable anonymous data collection!! Un-installing it
Did not work. Didn't read my music or pictures files SO unistalled
Reads on phone storage but does not read micro sd on EVO 4G LTE. Please fix and I'll give it 5 stars.
App keeps crashing on HTC Sensation XE. This is only a recent issue. App has been working great up until recent upgrade. Needs fixed otherwise will be uninstalling.
Fix icon, it's bad
Impressed by all the reviews, I downloaded this app a few weeks ago. It seemed okay, though I didn't use it much. When I wanted to explore the sd card, it took forever to open and wouldn't open at all. Disappointed, I uninstalled :(
GEEZ IM EMBARRASD FOR THE developer!!!! Force closes every other tike I TRY TO ENTER THE AP
Doesn't show up in my apps... Which obviously means it didn't show there was an update.... Found out by luckily passing by the app browsing...
It used to be better. I don't care for the most recent update. Uninstalling...
Guys take a look at x-plore file manager. It does not have the short cuts true but through files and folders is really far easier.
This morning my phone crashed and no more app. On it says is not on phone but theres a icon and folder too. Kind of nervous about reapplying it again. Hope insuance covers it.  Realky liked apo.please fix app.
At bottom the message upgrade to pro  version is look very bad so i uninstalled it
What Would Happen If I Uninstall Astro File?  Would My Pictures Get Deleted?????
A fantastic app that allows you to see all of the files on your phone like on a regular computer! A necessary application for any computer savvy phone owner!
X-plorer File manager better.
Not spectacular prefer the one that used to come bundled with cm6. This is the only app that's ever frozen my phone entirely. But it's useful. Ok app
Provides file manager interface missing in Android system. Dated user interface further marred by excessive advertising.
It keeps on closing the program when I'm just scrolling through the pictures on my ext sd!!!   GRR!
I saw this app great and beyond any file manager till i discovered that i cant send files (apk files particularly) via bluetooth !! :-( When i select a file and click send it only shows options for mail and gmail !! :-( uninstalling till the next update...
ive been using this app for a long time never had problems untill recent updates now app locks up has problems moving files and says it opens a folder and doesnt show anything, please fix
better
I use the LG Optimus 2X and this app allowed me to install the apps I wanted and edit others with ease. Highly recommend to anyone who wanted to edit their phones files. Has a good task manager as well. :)
Was working great until a couple of months ago, now when I try to say, open a picture from a mms, it crashes.. Lg Esteem
I think you must now work on layout your app is good but not attractive.
Great app
Good applicatoin along with nice interface. Like it
Good
New version won't shut down, WTF. It's because of the million apps like this I'm forced to restart my phone every couple days. Seriously guys mind giving us a little control of OUR phones? Besides I have a firewall up and your app is blocked anyway.
Works fine, but I paid for the license to remove ads and the license doesn't appear in the market for jelly bean. How is it that the license is incompatible but the apps aren't?
What happened to the emmc option? I'm only getting sd now.
I think it is rather limited
Good stuff
very nice
I just can't see why it needs to run in the bg when I'm not using it. Uninstalled for now.
Simple product works as advertised.
I usually use this app but after updating it its keep crashing on HTC EVO 3D.
...when you create a new directory on a network connection (via SFTP in my case) and try to copy file to it.  I keep getting "file exists" errors and 3 buttons "overight", "skip" and "skip all".  I shouldn't be getting those errors but its really painfull to do deal with because there is not "overight all" button.  Thoughts?
Good app.. I still try it.. Next time
Ok file manager, but has some annoyances: * Sometimes very slow to load. * File editor (and some times Astro itself) closes automatically when not in foreground - and it doesn't save the file.
UI isn't bad, but there are some small bugs and usability problems. Two examples: when you open a file, it doesn't open as a separate app (you can't use ASTRO at all until you close the other app). And the file-extension handling is sub-par (it tried to open "writeup (ver. 2).pdf" as a " 2).pdf" file, which meant I couldn't open it with a PDF reader. Finally, it uses more data transfer than I think is appropriate. (For ads?)  I really like the ability to create shortcuts from the home screen.
Does what it is supposed to do but the upper icons have an awful design. they could use icons without these white backgrounds.
I don't know if something is going on with my phone or astro, but now when I plug my phone to my PC, I find that the files I already moved from bluetooth folder to another folder via astro still show up in the bluetooth folder. The files are not real, they're like thumbnails, so I have to delete again those files from the first folder.
But now I can't even find my main files.  Which makes it pointless
I solved problem I was having within 2 min of opening this app. I spent 2 hours trying to solve that problem with "other" file manager!  Haven't had chance to test drive all the options. But gets a 5 for saving my phone from death under my boot!
The app works to kill my other apps but has an error and shuts down about a quarter if the time
Much better than the factory file manager!
Thank u
Ms
Best file manager i had ever got
The site is very obviously designed by an IT person & not your average phone user
Good
Keeps crashing
A MUST HAVE app for your phone.
Checking
Very helpful.
Too many ads messes up the functionality of the app!!!!!
Adds annoying extra option to use it to open photos instead of gallery
i have enough space but keep saying insufficient storage available
Crashes and force closes when using task killer... Runs in background after the update fix soon... Other wise cool.... And plz add option to send multiple file through Bluetooth...
Overall a very good program in the past, but now running on the background, which is a bad idea! Root explorer are much better
Good ui, good browsing, but dreadful sharing options! The reason a rarely use it.
Need more agility for multi select option
Nice app. Problem is, i can't figure out how to set it to browse my external micro sd card instead of internal. On my Samsung s3
Great file manager, however the latest update has it running in the background constantly, using data.
Upgrade your verson
Not sure about this update seems to lag,have blank screen when switching tasks &crashed twice so far. I'm no pc geek & IDK what everything means however I should be able to get to image gallery easy, hmmm not really. Disappointed :(
I have this app because Sony Ericsson have this as its default explorer lately. Before that Sony Ericsson has none, so I looked for one. I found es file explorer and it works better. I can connect to WLAN easily, and has better looking ui too. Even with SMB I can't figure out how to connect to WLAN using astro. I would choose es file explorer over astro but I can't uninstall this app off my phone. Only if astro would let me connect to WLAN and have a better looking ui like es. I would uninstall es for sure.
Used to be great. The updates that come out every other day seem to be regressive. Now all I have when i open the app is a black screen... Thunderbolt
Please fix the compression n the extraction ...not compatible with all the types ..otherwise its best fm out there ..
The update sucks this pics i receive in my msgs i can't view them in astro anymore. Put it back the way it was pls
Because its laggy, turn on gpu acceleration
Add exit button please
From 5 stars to 3. Since Last update when your using multi select to move files, it will go blank on you and then take you back to its own home page and you have to start all over.
Would be nice to be able to select multiple items for sending via bluetooth
How to send multiple files through Bluetooth !!!!
Before I have given 5stars completely but right now deserve 3 stars only  hate bugs and adds
Can there be some kind of "exit" option in this program? It's lacking one and it seriously sucks to have to hit "return" so many times to quit and kill the program.
I roller back to the previous version.
I love the app, but I can't stand the new ads.  They weren't this bad until recently.  I'll try something else before paying 4 dollars for the full version.
This is kk kk
This is so awesome
Easy to use, built in task killer (saves having 2 seperate apps) view cpu memory, move files around and view hidden files, unzip files etc. Best file manager available by far.
The menu items -- and thus the app config options -- are unavailable with Android 4+ (Ice Cream Sandwich, Jelly Bean).  Please update app for the newer platforms.
This app k not good not bad
Good!
I Try To Select Multiple Files, But When I Highlight More Than 5 It Takes Me Back To The Main Menu ! So Annoying ! Im Uninstalling !
App back up as well. Sometimes fc in subfolders. fix for 5* 2.3.4
This app used to work fine, but now it won't load, it just boots up to a black screen; Update needed?
Can't share multi chosen file via bluetooth.
I used to give this 5 stars. Since the major version upgrade, I've only seeing this app get slower and slower.  This if after a phone upgrade too.  I upgraded from a Droid A855 to a Droid 3.  It is still slow.  This is obviously not a hardware issue.
It is still to find the documents
Great app but the GUI feels cumbersome, especially when compared to some of the other file management apps out there.
Sss
It's alright but it keeps restarting when I try to move my pics from my images is when it restarts its frustrating
This app works, but looks very silly. Sorry but I like design of ios apps much more
R t
I just want a file manager! Stop getting in my way with the crap. Doesn't play well with tablets, places bar takes over and makes it unusable.
Was okey
Its okey
When I try to text edit data it freezes and turns off
Llllllllpllllljjkii yeti ofrece guíe ruth
Fgfgghhn
Android has a great many "file management" apps.  Astro is one often imitated but never matched! (or beaten)  This update makes it even better!  The app is very powerful but is relatively forgiving of user error.
Stupid morons. Every time I update this app, your update splash screen pops up to tell me it was updated, then when I click "Ok" I get a black screen - nothing on it. What a bunch of idiots.
I won't let me install pic say pro :(
Can't find anything that is on the SD card
Would be better with more app managing functions. Move to SD or quick boost.
Dis is my first application uses
To delete this due to amount of non malicious tracking add on compared to similar app. App works as you expected.
i wish it could just show a list of available smb servers.
Nice but theme is not like great
HTC Desire
Bring back the exit button!!!!
User interface is not atractive as es file explorer... and be just file manger not so much
It really work and does everything. It need more work.
Folders don't display properly after latest update.  ES File Explorer is much better.
Without a doubt this is the single most best file management app you will ever need! Its so easy and useful!  You can do pretty much anything that you could do on a PC. That being said, if you need a handy app for organizing files and much more, then look no further. :) A++
Works fine on my droid. Doesn't work on my galaxy tab. So it is a 3 for me.
Works really well but in a couple of cases the app has caused a couple of files to be corrupted and automatically removed from your phone so watch out
Claims to have network support, however opening remote files is not supported making the feature useless. 1 star.
Adds nothing special over stock My Files app on this phone.  Worst of all the app backup to SD failed.  Astro shows that apps are on SD but when I checked the phone memory something was wrong.  When checking phone settings to manage apps all apps were still listed as stored to phone memory still so only through the phone settings were apps successfully transferred to SD.  Not reliable.
Its really gud nd I'm being using it for a long time:)
A must have app for android but can not select multiple files for moving to another folder plz add this facility.
How many off these are necessary in one week?  I've had three in four days.
I tried transferring app setup files via Bluetooth but the only options I got was send files either by mail or gmail...pls do sumthin
I want to modify the front page to add shortcuts based on where I save my docs, movies, pics. Etc
though two points less due to collecting analytics.
Not bad
Unkown
Somewat
Generally it is a useful app..but the user interface can be further improve to make it looks more elegant..
Needs to stay a file manager..
This app is so ugly, but it's painful to use
The file explorer part is nice enough, but I've been using it to back up apps, and it has big weaknesses. Packages take forever to load and it will not batch install apps. After every install it goes back to the backup screen which takes at least a minute to load.
Best app manager file i ever had!
will give five stars if you enable it for all countries. especially for Georgia, Tbilisi.
I can live w/new clunky and hideous, but can no longer even see file size info? Disappointed and breaking up with u astro...will remember u fondly
Decent file app but having to go back repeatedly to exit is really annoying.  Needs an Exit option so the app can be exited cleanly.
Very useful interface, wish I'd found it earlier!
Very good
I find the nav bar ui to be getting a little old and cumbersome. There are file managers out there with root access and better ui. The ability to access my nas keeps me coming back.
The startup got so much slower til it doesn't!
Forces closed when using sdcard usage. Please fix
Since last update crashes every time I use it after about 20 seconds. Time to find something more stable.
Just awsum but it keeps on crashing again and agai.... Fix aw aoon as possible
Installed after advice from local t-mobile store. I don't know whether its my Desire that's at fault or the App but some features of Astro don't work.
Core app works well, but I couldn't get the SMB plugin to work. App also lacks polish compared to other similar apps such as ES File Manager.
Works good.
Was OK for a few weeks then when started says demo version has expired, I can't see anywhere it says that this is a demo version
Why is it so slow at starting up?
Only 3 stars due to the UI. If possible, could you abide to the Holo theme? Those are the best looking apps, which is why Google promotes it.
New versions takes too long to start up even on a quad core phone. Disappointed.
Seems ok
Very awsome
Good.,
has a tendency to fail.
Awesome...
Alright
The older version allowed for files to be marked as private and password protected.  No longer able to do this in new version.    To make matters worse, cannot reverse previously "privatized" files from older version.
Galaxy s3 doesn't read sd card
Used to be able to hide files, but now they show up and extra long process to make them undiscoverable. The app just isn't the same anymore. Crashes often.
I used this app on my Droid Eris but the Bionic has a files app which does the same thing.
Is excellent for everything except when mounting a drive or stuck via StickMount. Locks up and forces a battery pull when trying to copy or move files. Needs a fix asap. Used to be my favorite file explorer.
Thanks! Keep it up guys!
Really annoying that you can't scroll through pictures within folders.  You have to return to the thumbnail screen.  What a PITA!  Please fix.
smb connection ui is not well. it's too complicated.
Pro version key not compatible with sony xperia s firmware build. 75
Nice app...
Astro is the best app ever. I can't imagine my life without it. I've got 2 minor problem with the latest release on my galaxy ace. Firstly, it some times chrashes and secondly, every time I move files around, I have to unmount and mount my sd card again so that it can sync refresh the inventory. Still running a older version now. Other than this greatest app ever!!!!!!!!
This is one of the best apps i had. I love the themes and easy access on files but the problem is it wont extract  .rar files as Androzip would.. If it could its 5STARS!!
Androi
Would be good to have multiple tick boxes for bulk options eg moving or deleting lots of files
You seem to have a worthwhile program but don't use me to "recommend new users" without the opportunity to skip the requirement.
Liked the browsing and preview features...but this wont recognize my installed microsd card...stock file manager does though.  Fix this and ill give ya a fiver
Not so bad.
This app has deleted so much of my music because I moved them to another folder.
There a couple of big bugs in Astro.  I contacted the dev twice, but never heard back.  One of the bugs is that you can't see the contents of the SD card.
In using Motorola xoom, it Doesn't read my external as card
I like the new view,but i wish i could play my music files from the app please fix
I liked it better when it was simpler and faster to open.
If you have a Xoom be aware that you cannot write to external SD card.  Backup directory cannot be changed which may not matter if you wanted to back up to external SD card like me.   Decent file manager otherwise. If they could fix those two critical functions, it would be sweet to manage all my files, including backup to a removable media for safekeeping.  That way that whole thing about back up in case you lose your tablet will make sense.
.
I having a little ishu it force closes when i go to task killer plz fixed is been a while
Worked wonderful for me before the update, now force closes everytime. Tried re-installing it but now stays files missing and won't install. Waiting for new update...
No support for Skydrive, Google drive, Dropbox, etc.
Used to be THE file explorer app but intrusive ads spoiled it. Switched to the awesome ES File Explorer which is full of nifty features, such as LAN and web storage (Skydrive, Dropbox etc) connections and has a nicer user interface.
Good working in glaxy u
This is good, but now I cannot use file manager due to an expired version. No mention of a limited time frame.
Frem
Not what I was looking for, trying to find an app that allows me to make changes to app files. ;-)
Please remove the add that tells to improve astro pro, then ill update,
This app it amazing, i can easily navigate trought my SD card and file, i use it everytime and it just perfect.
Good but...design....it's simple, but not freindly
I mean honestly do we need this app? I can do the same functions on my phones system settings. I dunno am i wrong?
I used to use this all the time, one of the things that annoyed me was that it would scroll back to the start of the directory when switching back from another app, also sometimes directory's would'my open sometimes ... hello Es, goodbye astro XD
Love the app but having to try and reinstall because I was getting a message that "This demo has expired"??
Still unsure about this app.. I NEED 2 COPY ANY & ALL OF MY STUFF FROM LG MS690  SO I CAN PUT IT ALL ON MY REPLACEMENT LG MS690.. :-|
Every time I try to delete something it hangs
Task Manager works in new version, but initial startup still takes close to a minute. Using alternative now.
Use this app lot
Ok
I used to love this app, but it has gotten out of hand. Slow, too much clutter, and just. No. I miss the old one from a year ago.
Great app, works very efficiently.
Good
So good
This is what I want.
To be frank it's a must hv app..
I used this app on my previous phone, I use it to uninstall things quicker. Worked great before so let's hope it still does !
Love it
Not bad but some games av downloaded why install but otherwise a great app and wld recommend to others
It is really near and handy tool.
E.xcellent app
Great app love it
If you use the program for a while you have to repeatedly hit the back button to reach the exit option.  The program needs an exit option to quit when finished.   Other than this great and useful program.
Can't work move to sd with live walkman 4.0 ics
This app is V GOOD
Couldn't pay 2 get anything better, ty and keep up the great work
5 stars if you returned the exit button at menu window.
Recommended
Recommended
Mast hai
It's really easy to browsing everything
Works great, easy to use.  Only complaint is it seems that "moving files" copies them so I have to go back and delete them.  Not really a big issue, but it's the only complaint I have!
Its pretty good. A bit laggy on my single core but it gets the job done
Very useful
Good, somewhat easy to use
Thanks..you must have this
Features rich app a must for every android handset
It's great being able to view, find and manage everything in one place
Easy to use for a tablet newbee like me.
Can't install update to phone or sd.happens every time.my phone is a lg optimus v 670v
Nice application.............
Wish it had a more intuitive in device file transfer, but it works flawlessly.
Good
Great.
But why are these updates!!! So many updates but not a change yet
Good at what it does, but starts automatically and eats up the battery. For this reason I am uninstalling it.
awsome app
Good.
Good app, task killer is battery saver! droidX
Simple n easy to use. Pro is a better one.
Using it on my p620 tab. Great GUI and easy to navigate. Keep it up Astros guys.
Good
Excelente...
Got it just for making home file Widgets
It can not open a .htm file by default. And sometimes I can not open pdf file also. But it serves many features. This will be good after being fixed. Thank you for your products.
I like this program and have used it for several months with my ASUS Transformer Prime tablet. Lately it has been crashing (which I've reported) every time I try to open it, but seems okay now after an update (on 16Aug12). However, the Transformer Prime can take two (2) SD cards as well as a USB stick. As I use all, it would be good if this program could differentiate between them in some way. Currently I don't know which SD card I am looking at or altering. Something like SD A / SD B, or let me see the titles of the SD cards, or perhaps some other way. Thanks, Chris.
Very good app, removes unnecessary downloads from quick office. Will recommend to everyone.
Excellent file exploring system n easy to manage your files.
Does exactly what it says I'm just having trouble killing applications.
Good file manager with smb support  Lath
Very good
Good
Great app one of the must have
all in one. better than stock one+ u get a task killer handy . ui n font needs improvmnt
Great to clean up files you dont know are still in phone
Easy to use.
Good app for file management
Awesommmeee...app
Esta bien,
It does what has been mentioned, its the best & a must app
Give me the option to change to classic blueberry theme and I'll update the app
Need more info on how to backup files and what should be backed up.
Realy good ..but for bluetooth sharing there is no multiselecting option..
Probably the better file manager
Loving it.
Backup feature-the best!
Nice
Have been using it for well over a year now, cannot live without it!
Deserves 5 stars
Great tool, i,'be installed this app on my other android devices with no issues.
I was on the point of giving up on Nexus 7 when I found this app. It has helped a traditional computer user to find and open my own files and pictures and PDF documents. Really useful.
Definitely a keeper...
Not real but really excellent hahahaha.........not real
Love it awsome application tnx guys
Don't know what I would do without it
Does what i need for a file manager.
How do you move pics and wallpapers back to your gallery. HTC EVO 3d
Add the feature for global folder setting, so i must not reset settings like "view extensions,show hidden etc" every time i open a new folder.
Good for use
DJ K Shaw... works great.. @kshawallkrazee
Hdjxj
good..
A cooler theme. Looks a little outdated. :)
Great way to navigate through your phone, make changes and get rid of any unnecessary stuff.
Last update was a mistake. Now it always run in background. Has change sys settings permission to resurrect itself. Like Forced analytics was not enough. I control things here not some stupid app. Thanks but it goes down two star.
nice app..
Slow animations .... Otherwise excellent. :-)
Ms
Does what I need most of the time but, it doesn't tell you all the required information on a file. For file size I get 14,962 ? Would be nice if it said MB/KB or something.
Honestly one of the best file managers but does'nt have the looks of a sexy app..and seems kind of cheap
I.   L.   U
Makes ur smart phone smarter :) really useful task killer app too!
easy to use and clean
Very Good file explorer!
Good software
ASTRO File Mgr Pro (key) not compatible with my phone, MT27i. Please fix it and make root enabled browser
To be continued
why open all files by default as a pdf?!
Ui is.so ugly
Very good for view and search files but could be better if auto search was avalable
Good
Contains both a file manager and a task killer. An SD memory checker and a few other neat little things. Light on the adds as well or least I just didn't notice them because they weren't bad. Only thing I have against is every now and then it might slow down for a few seconds. But all in all, its a very good tool.
Filemanager with application backup option, that's very useful when u r going to perform a factory reset on your device.
finally able to access my files!
Nice
I mostly love how this app finds images downloaded from other apps and allows me to delete them...very useful app!!!
It helped me find and delete all the rubbish on my SD card big help!! A Must have =D
Great for a free app.
Very happy with this app!
Cool tool
The extra folders for ringtones and--- can't remember the other: Not necessary.  Especially not on a tablet.  Let's have a more tablet friendly version and you'll get the five stars you deserve.
Easy to use,easy to manage
Best app....
Can't move files - Evo 4G
Does what it,says on the tin very effectively
This app rocks. Ads aren't too intrusive. Droid 2
Too many ads messes up the functionality of the app!!!!!
Good
Easy to use and manage complete data.
perfect app for backing up .....
I like it. It could be quicker to load though.
not bad, could be better but it does what it says it does & it's free.
Very good app..  must install
Excellent, just what I was looking for.
Works like a champ
Awsome
Works great but UI needs upgrade. File expert is so much brighter and easier to use.
Easy to use, great layout- ideal for new users to help navigate their dowloads.
Awesome
FU***** AWESOME
I wish for one small improvement: let the default Documents, Music, etc location be customizable, e.g. I prefer to use folders called "My Music", "My Documents", etc.
great all around, thumbnails could load a little bit faster.
so great job
Highly recommend this file manager.  Its the best I've found.  Not five stars because I aeem to have to keep deleting the same files
Nice work..... I gave five star.....
Great app for sure. But can u guys add mark several or mark all option for sending and deleting files.
This helpfull application...
Great and work this app
Because of astro manager its easy to move files here and there.....
Need more agility for multi select option
great file manager
Pls add more options :)
Getting weird glitch off the new update HTC one X.
Easy to use and very intuitive also. Did not need much time to learn how to use the app. Very useful and will definitely recommend to my friends :-)
Great app, a must jabber for every Android enthusiast.
Grear app
I have downloaded 3-4 file manager,bt i found this one best from all those. Good One.
Great app! Gets the job done.
Meets my expectation. Keep it up!
One of the better file explorers for android
Still works like it says...handy app!
Cannot send multiple items. I have to send one by one
Cannot send multiple items. I have to send one by one
Very useful...similar to disk management tools on computers and quite necessary on smartphones.
I have this app because Sony Ericsson have this as its default explorer lately. Before that Sony Ericsson has none, so I looked for one. I found es file explorer and it works better. I can connect to WLAN easily, and has better looking ui too. Even with SMB I can't figure out how to connect to WLAN using astro. I would choose es file explorer over astro but I can't uninstall this app off my phone. Only if astro would let me connect to WLAN and have a better looking ui like es. I would uninstall es for sure.
Have lot of features bt still lacks of some features. Anyhow its good!!
This is an extremely useful tool for most purposes. Overall, Astro is good, but its photo viewer is somewhat lacking. ES File Manager is way better, in my opinion.
Works well
Works well
Use it to back-up apps prior to updating in case I don't like an update or it doesn't work properly so that I can revert if needed, which unfortunately happens a lot.  Also like that I can manage files and with the add-on can easily copy files to my home network.  Only issue is that with each new version, it seems to get slower and slower, especially when grabbing the list of apps to backup (the number of apps I have has not changed).
Just a great app.
Does everything it says it does
Great app havent experienced problems with ths app
Love this app..thnks
But really nothing special.  I d/l this app to use the samba extent ion but could never get it to work.  When I find one I like I will likely uninstall this app.
The best file manager
Please please please make it capable of opening remote files.
Well worth the app cost. Make creating folders and organizing data easy. Only snag is when you move pictures from dcim to media it just copies them so you have to go back and delete them. Still all  all said and done this app rocks! Thank Astro
Good application, does as it says it will.  Not given five stars as free version seems laggy due to ads, paid version bit too expensive for what it does
It just crashes every time And its very annoing
It is a good file manager fore ever
Constantly forces closes every time I try to do anything in the app. Use to be awesome. Please fix
Nice app. Keep up the good work
Nt quick
Add exit button please
Menu hierarchy a lttle odd in spots but overall a great file manager and more
I lovee this app ;)
Ive had astro on my last 3 phones this one is no exception, simply awesome app. A must for anyone who likes to keep their phone files organised
This file manager is the most robust so far.
Nice easy to use GUI. Highly recommended for those who want to access  all those hidden files on the android.
great for tracking down a lost file hidden deep in the phone
But I cannot browse for system file.
All the file management tools into one.
This program very usefull for organizing file & folder
Good !
Much better
Please create a new UI so that it looks less cartoon-y and more intuitive. Also, optimize the the UI so it fits the theme of ICS and JB. Other than that, this is literally the best file manager that I have ever used on Android.
Thank u for updates. Luv the new look.
Flott forrit
Used to be 5*, but with the hidden time limitation in the previous version 1* for not playing fair. Where is the paid version anyway?
Astro does everything it should and more. Simple to use and easy to understand.
it do not zooms the pic othrwise its vry nice app
This apps really good for one v
Needs an exit button!
Useful app. Just that its task killer doesnt seem that effective. Need improvement on that
not user friendly but do the job ...
Nice
Nice
Nice UI,,User Interface,,layout...very user friendly and excellent filing process..would download again and again and have on all media types..highly recommended
Nice and simple
Good
great app to organize your stuff
AT&T rep told me about this app..for backup on DROID when switching phones is our thing.
Works well, does plenty, slightly overdone interface, but still highly recommended.
Used on Galaxy S2 and Nexus, a great way to manage files on your Android device
awsme
awsme
Nycc... Gud 2 use
Good app. Suggested to be a must app for a phone
I don't have an option to hide my file so this is very usefull for that users
This app is great for file management, all it really needs is a way to compress your files
Excellent app!
Off the chain.
Its a gr8 browser
It's good. It's free.
Occasionally it is difficult to find the desired files, but overall it is a great app.
Very nice. I finally got to know the partions of internal memory on my device.
Excellent
HTC Sensation
I don't care for the new layout, and I just got a Droid 4 so we will see how it runs on it. It worked beautifully on my HTC Evo before.
For some reason I can no longer see my download folder. When I click on it, it starts to load but then goes back to home screen.  Uninstalled and reinstalled, still same thing
Has never crashed, in the last 18 months... Does what it says
The app is very good but it'd be great if there was an option for making playlists for the stock player, with songs in the same order as you arrange them
Easy to navigate good interface. :
Organization made easy!
Works very well.
GREAt but sometime not working good when backup files
Good application
Does excellent file manager job
Great app
Wow
Nice app
Need more theme
I use this app a lot. Definately recommend it!!!!
Could be better. Apk backup is very handy.
ON AMAZE HTC COULDNT TRANSFER PICS. BUT NOW WITH ASTRO I COULD. GREAT ASTRO
exelent ap it works great on mi Samsung nexes
Pretty cool
Love it do way more than with default file manager
Great!!!
very good. convenient and fast. but annoying to see and deal with pictures. my all vertical photos are shown 90degrees- turned in view mode. it would be the best without this problem.
Works great. Used it to transfer ask my ads to my new phone.
Had a small problem with SD card settings but once I got the hang of the user interface it was easily resolved
Make d icon of astro appear a bit bigger when set as widget. Instead of folder, use some other creative icon.
Definitely a step up from the stock file manager but I wish the developers would update the app to support rar extraction. Then it would be amazing
My only concern is that the help takes a long time to load. Otherwise, extremely helpful and thorough!
Cool
But works well
But works well
U guys r the best ive never rated be thing but I have to now thnx astro
Scrollable top bar disappeared on me.
Very nice app  Does everything i need it to do
/
Great tool
Better file manager
F
Good
good but smtime bit lag
it  does everything for what it it is meant....worth using
The app is very good, but one issue I have is when I want to transfer pics between 2 different folders the pic is shown in my gallery app as in both the original image folder as well as the one I transfered it to, its not until I reboot my phone does the glitch go away, 5 stars if this glitch is fixed plz
I recommend this app
super
:)
Good app, but changed to ES File Explorer due to root access.
I like it,very useful
Love it
Great stuff
Nice & simple,
Good
Thanks for this!!!
Very useful and easy -to-use application
Thanks!!!
Works just well...
Nice applction..
It's a great App
This app is great for staying organized!
Good app
...ma decisamente efficace. Si può migliorare la cui, non solo come estetica, ma anche come disposizione delle voci, che sino molto dispersive. Per il resto promossa, piena zeppa di funzioni.
;-)B-):-)
Its good app coz we can backup our apps,
I like it
Good work
This is the best file manager I have found
Nice App
This would be 5 stars if the SD card usage actually showed the SD card instead of internal memory.
This app is the bomb...
I don't really like the look of it. Somehow or rather, I tend to use other file explorers.
Easy file management
Nice.
Its the best file app but, Bluetooth no work.
this app is really helpful.
Should have an option to drag & drop files but other than that its a good app.  Easy to use.
Can't skip existing files when merging two folders.
Cool application.easy to use .very user friendly
Aplicativo foi muito util o melhor que eu ja usei
Okay it took some getting use to, but this is alright!!! Give it a shot you'll se what I mean
:-)
I'm using Samsung galaxy nexus. After I deleted a file, I didn't see it in my phone any more, but I saw it in memory when I connected it to my PC by using MTP. Please fix it.
I love this app. But, im tired of having to accept terms and conditions every time I open the app.
App is easy to use and understand.  Simple interface for moving, renaming, and deleting files.
Best android file manager but cannot delete inbuilt apps
i m so glad that this type of app hi available in market for free .
It has been very good app. But it should not. only backup apps but d entire phone and successfully restore without having to root d phone.
I was looking for something to manage my files/dirs sdcard etc and this does a great job of it.  Recommended
So far so good!
Good for reviewing storage capacity usage...
I can at least cut text when renaming, but the cut/copy/paste menu is white on white. Also, I've been using sshfs with my linux pc. When I copy files to the pc it always says the file exists, and asks if I want to overwrite.
Good app for androids :)
Nice
Needs rar support before I give 5
Oooooo
Manchester United class
Love the layout no probs so far
Absolutely love it. Keeps all my files on check and organized.
I like this app ive recently had an issue i just got a new phone and moved my old sim which is partitioned to it. Now when i put files on it i can see em on the pc but when i go through astro it cant find em...
Dis is my first application uses
Nice one
My parents say me to remove all the games frm mobile but after removing games i can reinstall them as i have astro my saver
This file manager is pretty good and functional
Does what it's supposed to do.
Best so far! Great features
Goog :) Nice n thax
The movies come n soo clear with this app. I recommend this if u have movies downloaded to ur phone or like watchin movies alot on ur phone.
D best file manager available in market...:D
Good,
Fantastic app! But its not rescanning my media after I move files around. Any solutions?
I highly appreciate this application. This is a must in every mobile phone, I think.
Though not the best one be a long shot.
Very like with backup apps fitur
ok
Its absolutely good...vry good updates
A good all in one management app.
Gives me a great comfort in managing my files
Its helpfull
Brilliant for travel....all my notes and booking forms on one place...in my hand.
Couldn't find way to share multiple files with other devices using BlueTooth (Plug In installed)
Allows for uninstalling of certain default apps without rooting. Well polished interface. Well done!
User-friendly! Highly recommended!
Ui could be prettier though.
Simple and fast
GREAT APP
Hidden Files not showing after checking the option under 'Look' tab. Plz fix this I'm a LG Optimus Black user.
Great program.
Worth a download!
Does what i need it to! Love it
Won't always load all thumbnails of entire pic files and will sometimes forceclose while loading. Otherwise, pretty good!
Overall quite good, but start up time on s2 is pretty slow
Works excellent fr my device.
Yuck. But then, very powerful.
It's ok.but force closed.
Acer Iconia A510.Quite easy to use.
nice one...
Am I missing something or is it not possible to attach multiple files to an email, all at once. I have to go back and forth the whole time. Doesn't seem like a difficult thing to add to this already great app. I'll gladly give 5 stars if this function is added.
Very practical
Very practical
I love this app, I would give five stars but corrupt my pix when change name plz fix that nd I'll make it five.
Great app...new menu very useful..
Super app easy to use so far &I'm a big beginner
There's still a bug even after the bug fixes. Can't cut, copy or paste text in the rename filename screen. Please fix. Thanks.
Very versatile and user friendly
Love this app. But sometimes it lags. Can you fix this?
Nice
I use this app a lot, especially when I'm working with files that are zipped, I never can extract them and re-zip them programaticly and I wish I could choose the compressian rate, but its whatever. The ui has stayed about consistent over the years and I would recommend this for the casual user, but this is a far cry from any applaction on my laptop. If your looking for a quicker way to move file
Good stuff
Grate app
It comes with a lot of roms, and since it's already there, i try it. It gets worst and worst. I used to like it.
Really useful. Works well.
I like it, very good,,,,,,
Superb
Great app..
Works well enough. Slow to open.
it does what it says...love it! keep up the good work developers, kudos to you guys
Im always transfer file especially music with friends but couldnt mark all for bluetooth..why? It juz copy,move & delete..
vely kut!
Perfect File Manager!!
Good but so slow to open.
G2 htc no issues
Android should come with this, it is that good!
Good app
Nice
good app
Sweet app
Easy to use, will upgrade soon.
I love using this app to maneuver within my DROID.
Wish they had a duplicate finder. Great stuff!
happy
This app is so ugly, but it's painful to use
Great app man.Its app like Dis that  mak liv coo ul
Excellent app I
Great
The old version was faster. I dont care for the slow flashy interface added in the update but still the best file system tool in the market.
Like Windows file style? This is like that. There are ads. :(
Never had a problem!
Its good
Easy to use and understand. Graphic design pleasing and clear.
From one star to four. An app that developers keep improving and listen to comments. The best way to control Android directories.
Don't know why you got rid of the use as function! It won't let me select any sound file as a ringtone any longer, do not like!
Love the app killer
Good file manager in this market
Good file manager in this market
Its a great application that really buck up my files. Very usefull and easy to use.
Let's you organise your files , simple to operate, does the job.
At the beginning I felt lost but after installing this application everything is easy I know where to find my files
Smooth
Free, does a great job, lots of added tools, simple to use. Great addition to phone
VERY USEFUL..
I use it a lot
There is a bug, please fix it. Description: When in list mode, when long tap on last file/ folder in list, pop-up menu's arrowhead is dislocated. & Should have had password protected RAR file access.  Otherwise the best filemanager it is.
This app really comes in handy for organizing my files. I love the look & colors...
Good app, never had problems.
Works as expected!!
don't setup backup folder
Easy to use very good .
I can not work without it
Just wish it wasn't buggy. Most useful file manager I love that I can access system directories.
Great for moving files
It works great. I have a LGg2x and its smooth working I use it a lot for managing new apps I. Want to install.
It works great. I have a LGg2x and its smooth working I use it a lot for managing new apps I. Want to install.
Cool app
Its good. Especially for sony ericsson WT19i which doesn't have a file manager in it.
Love to use it
Hands down the best file manager on the market - Does everything and more - ive been using this since running Cupcake on my Samsung Moment - With Ad-Free its great - Im going to eventually buy and support the Dev. SAMSUNG INFUSE 4G- CYANOGEN 7.1.0 - Gingerbread
Thanks...
This is a huge improvement over earlier versions. Much easier to use.
An explanation of what files and what there attached to would make it 5
Minor conflicts with  standard ROM but otherwise good explorer.
It's the best app in the play store
Works good.
Works greater on nexus, doesn't skip a beat. Quick and does everything I need to do. Very intuitive, simple and power full.
Update package invalid on xperia mini pro
Good file manager. Small fix will make it 5*
Little more needed to make it more user friendly
Awesome
Really could do with a task killer widget though, abit time consuming going through the whole app to kill some stuff
Nice but laggy. ES File Explorer is better
When Twitter made an update I didn't like, I used Astro to go back to an older version I had backed up. It's also good for installing apps copied into an SD card from the computer. And it does everything else it claims to. Also, they finally got swiping in their image viewer to work on phones the same as it does on tablets.
I like Astro cause now it is  possible to delete apps and still have a backup and can  reinstall when needed. Very user friendly
Good app
So far it works great.
It will be nice if you can delete system apps.
This is a great app. Work easy with it. Thx for its maker. ♥
Ok la
The move file function doesnt work
But it's kinda lag in starting up..
Nice
Works great.  Allows movement from phone memory to SD card or the reverse.
good
Please stop this nonsense of start up screen as default any time you release update. Afterwards I will change my star rating to 5 again.
Works great on Moto DROID 3
Love it.
All of a sudden on EVO 3d with three roms and a previous nandroid I get a Black screen on start up then fc. Maybe SD files?
Great files manager
Excellent file manager
This is a "must have" app if you want to get full use of your phone or tablet device.
Perfect
Cant belive it is damn good its like it is made for android
The app is good in general although it crashes sometimes.  And it would be nice if there're more customization options
Great software, works great
Simple elegant way of accessing your files.
It is very Easy to used and useful tools.
G
Great app. HelpS me manage my files easier
Great app. HelpS me manage my files easier
Its an ausumeee app... Helps me a lot in viewng al my files....
Very useful app
Nice app also work with talk back
It would have gotten a five....do the right thing
Second best thing to rooting your phone. Side load apps, move documents, arrange things how you want.
At last I can control the files and folders on my phone. I am running it on a samsung galaxy s 2 but I have a feeling it would not work so well slower phone. The interface is easy to understand and it all just works. Why can't other at work so well ?
Should be a five star,if unrar option is added...
Wow its a good 1
It has some good look
But I'm having an issue. I read that when I go to a backed up app another window asking to "browse file" should pop up. It didn't and I don't see an option to do so manually. Any help? Thanks.
Best in its class
Very easy to use n keep ur files manage
Just started using but so much easier to use and efficient than the built in file manager which couldn't find the USB stick. So far very intuitive and effective. Great app.
Wah,this app good,i want to rate it 5*.but then when i check it there are some app that u cannot rewrite the text and change the game's data.Because of this,i downgrade to 2*.And i need to know where to find the app data i want.reply fast.thx.
Very usefull app.
Can't find a file this Astro File Manager is saying is taking up 139.96MB of my SD card memory. No idea what this is supposed to mean.
Really good
Why i can not find the exit way at the lettest ver.???i think its must stored again...
Why i can not find the exit way at the lettest ver.???i think its must stored again...
I love this app, but I do have one question; for those who have updated to the newest version: Is it safe to update? Because with the ES File Explorer, some of my files get erased when I update... Can anyone confirm for me that the update is harmless? O__O
Was my choice 'till I discovered FX File Explorer.
Awesome app!
Does what most people need
Does what most people need
Great app! Especially for root users! My gallery wouldn't show all my pics but astro does!
Much improved and better graphics. Could be more intuitive for non technicals users.
Astro is one of the MVPs on my phone. It always does what I need it to. Great app!
Great App.
Easy to use
Great file managing utility, only complaint is that it doesn't show system files on a rooted phone, there should be an option to enable rooted status, fix that and I'll give 5 stars.
Love it!!
Love this app! Best I've ever seen.
Excellent file manager, easy to use and very good with Zip files
The service was already good and now it's even better with the upgrade.
This is now bundled with ICS for xperia arc s if you do flash using repair in pc companion? :(
Works like its sposed to
Good
I like its simple interface
Great prigram
Samsung galaxy s3  - Sd card is internal but also has external card at: "/mnt/extSdCard" which doesn't seem to be well supported at all by this utility.
This is a great file explorer.
My favorite file manager! ...but you can not copy from internal to external SD card on Galaxy S2. Also it would be nice to have r/w for system on rooted phone's.
Gud one
It is wonderful app
Great job devolopers
Last few updates have improved usability dramatically.
Good applicatiom
Refuse! I decline! But still it won't let me uninstall! It's not opensource and I don't want it! I will have to root and forcefully remove it!!! It should get NO stars for this behaviour!
Very useful!
Very good app
Really
Wow! Perfect file browser app  so far I so love it plus it for its ability to view all my photos whereas my phones own gallery browser hangs at times...i rate it at five compared to all other file browsers tht I have tried...keep up the great work.:/kudos.
Does it's job well
Easy to use!
SD card function force closes on my thunderbolt other then that very useful app.
Nice
Nice apps
could someone please tell me how to paste things on a tablet
One of my favourite application.. very useful
Sony give the free version of this app for free after I updated to ICS.. but why Sony give free version not full version? very weird Sony
Sangat memudahkan saya.. Sangat bagus..
Really nice app
App does exactly what it says it does, it does a very descent job. With all the other Astro File Apps. That work together with each other UR basicly covered
Not Bad This being the first time I hv rated an app out of 200 it deserves all 5 stars but I would like a junk cleaner option.
Great apps... Option copying from sdcard to phone memory would be great... Great one
This app does what I need to do.
I think the way adverts are overlayed can be annoying otherwise it'd be 5*
Nice and useful application
Good apps...
Does what it says......nice and fast app....
Great app. Love it.
Have used astro for about a year now and would be lost without it. Use it constantly to access my movies etc.
Good application
Copy delete browse, what else do I need?
Good app, does what it needs, but gui could take few improvements: option for smaller buttons, less ads. Will be looking for an ap for these reason.
Very good app
I use it frequently, and there are zero flaws.
I love this app
Great app. Powerful for an android app. Worked completely on android 3 but on android 4.0.3 will only read my external sd card and not write to it. Otherwise would've given a five rating.
Yeeeaaah!  PINKI perfect
Good app ..
Downloaded a pronounciation of a German word and could find no way to remove it. Kept on playing under music which was somewhat distracting. With this, I was able to locate it with only a little exploration. 4/5
Iloveit
So easy to use,configure & get's the job done well.
This is good app to manage all the file on ur android phone
Nice app...
Its a good app
Its a good app
A little slow but great app. HTC sensation
Great with support for sftp
Got it with ICS update.. Works well..
Recommend app for file  management
Can't beat the price.  Have found this app to be extremely useful for finding files.
Awesome
Awesome
Application backup feature is the most amazing thing.
Before this I use other app , it can share and send multiple file together in one on same time, but this app ,it I need send one by one
Great shortcuts...
Better than es file.
Great product, only thing I don't like is; that if you turn the phone, it has to refresh.
Best manager out. Works flawless on my HTC Incredible2. Get it! Get rid of the ads, I'll give 5 stars.
Keep walking;)
I like the latest version.
Easy to use.. Nice app
Like this app with nice UI, comprehensive in its functionality. Thanks.
This one is best! Sometimes a necessity.
But why can't I upgrade to Pro on my Galaxy Note with ICS? Google Play says not available for my device?
This app is great for those phones like my HTC incredible that hides all its folders when you are trying to save them on computer or SD card. I recommend it
cool app
Better
Well done
User friendly, efficient app
Great app!
This is a gr8 app but I'd like to be able to sort my files how I want them not just date order or alphabetic.
Best file mangmnt app on Android
Only thing missing is to send a file via Bluetooth when searched. Also selecting multiple and then sending via Bluetooth.
I like that i can freely move my apps copy and paste and move around my sd card
I haven't used astro in awhile I usued to have the pro version with no adds where is the pro key dl at
This app is maturing REALLY effective. It's filling capability voids In The android operating system very well.
This app is maturing REALLY effective. It's filling capability voids In The android operating system very well.
I don't use much functionality besides the file system, but it does what I want it to do without crashing.
It an excellent app to know what are the files thats occupying space on your phone, among the many other features
Good work. I love it.
It is nice. Only thing I missed is how to hiding files. Great otherwise
No complaints whatsoever.
Love the app. I have all my office info stored in it and use it like a laptop!
My goto file manager, I  use it just about every day
Been using it for a year and found no problem.. Great app
Good demo
Gre8 app thnx to developers ..... No crashes and easy to use
The app helped a lot
Does what the description says. Very useful.
Incredible file manager, love the functionality!  Its Love,  the memory and task killer are a great plus.  Would have gotten a 5 * had it multi-renamer functions in non root areas.
yet to improve. It'd be better if help in cleaning up unnecessary files provided.
good
SUPERIOR product. Well done.
good
Great app. All docunents in one central place.
Awesme
Awesme
Good stuff
Ok
Great file manager and backup. Having some issues with cloud backup though
Gut! !
Astro File Manager is a very good app for your android phone. Recommend by me.
Astro File Manager is a very good app for your android phone. Recommend by me.
Helped with my phone reset more than Verizon did.
Good one i recommand
I used the old app too, very simple, does exactly what it say it will.
First time I used it ,it worked perfectly
Have the odd zip file failures, it could be my phone, ext sd, or OS. but this app is a must have for me.
everything that sucks about phone storage sucks with this application
Needs the ICS treatment.
I really like the functions so so simple. I really just don't like not being able to my wallpapers and icon folder pics..is anyone else the same??
Great app, needs a search feature to search for files
Excellent app for simple but essential file management tasks. Needs a few tweaks to be fully compatible with android ICS. I kept getting the message android process media has stopped after some downloads. Cleared relevant caches and reinstalled astro and problem temporarily fixed. Please update as this app has potential to be THE essential must have app for android file management
Very good app
Gud ap and feel happy wid it.
..simple and easy to use interface. everything that i wanted in a file browser. would b 5 stars, but not able to dump all HDSC files at once. 5 stars if you create a way to wipe a card completely clean..!!
Astro makes file management simple
Themes are annoying...
I really like it, given its free.I love it :)
Only way to make it better is if I could use it to delete all the useless crap orange has sneaked onto my phone
The old u.i. was and looked way more simpler
Great file manager.
Great file manager.
Use this daily live it but would live to see .rar  supported so I can get rid of other apps... just a thought
Themes all look almost the same. App is really good. Wish there was a option for selecting a folder for blutooth transfer.
Astro is a great example of Android software, all they gotta do is clean up the interface!
It alwayd returns back to the home screen when I click on thumbnails. But brilliant!
OMG!!! I am sooo relieved right now...After accidentally creating 3 nandroid backups on my sd card I didnt know how I was gonna erase/delete them...Well after some research on the net, ASTRO file manager was recommeded...I installed the app and it worked w/just one long press. I was able to easily delete the 2 nandroids I didnt want... Sooo easy to use for a true noob w/her first android ph..LOL
I like their GUI. :)
Does its job!
I am still old school windows and I am glad you created a similar program I like. Thanks
Excellent!
good app
Keep it up..
Really useful app... Onething lacking i cant change the attributes of the file...so 4 star..
Other than that....... It's just perfect
a very good file manager. only con .. doesnt support rar filetype besides that its very good.
I love having access. Now I just need a video player with loop, replay, shuffle and such.
Works with ics 4.0.4 just don't like the main menu,  would like to go straight into file browsing
Slow
Makes sorting your files very quick and easy. Simple but effective.
Cool app
Great for storage and organizing. The only downside is I am unable to upload documents to other sites
Very good application..
Easily browse/move/copy files on phone. Sometimes buttons disappear. -GNex
Well done!
works just li says
Very easy to use.  Works well.
I love it on my thunderbolt id suggest it for any1 with a smart phone
it'very good for many folder
Very helpfull set of tools. Never had any issues with it
Its very easy to use nice application
This is a good way to check my files
ok sgt
awsome widget. thanks
Great app. But I prefer it come with exit button like prior version.
best file manager for android!!!!
Very good app...
Docked a star for speed and also for an occasionally confusing interface.
Good program
New features are good. Really liked it.
Only complaint is a slow opening speed
Sangat baik
Add encrypted zip functionality and favourite directories icon for 5 stars
A greate app to manage your android system
It's good
I like the upgrade & the changes. Make Astro synch with more applications, programs, etc., and I can give it 5 stars (Toodledo would be nice).
Good application
Very flexibility
Thanks!
Keep it up
Makes connecting to pc so much more user friendly.
Can separate apps from Android secure ...  :D  Awesome...
Good
Great app,works great, except some content can be deleted out of thee application!!!!!!
Excellent
A necessary tool to use before wiping your device.
Open source is priceless! :-)
Its truely amazing .does wat it says
New update sucks. Can't stop it from always running in the background. -Zero stars. Time to uninstall this bs bloatware crap app.
Love it
I highly recommend. I have tried most of the other file manager apps and always come back to Astro. This one is a keeper. Captivate. Android 2.3.5
Thanks to this apps all my docs are organize.
Thanks to this apps all my docs are organize.
This is great free app. Real simple to use and navigate.
Cool man
Love it!
Love it!
love that i can back up apps to sd card and easily move them to a new device.
This works really good
This works really good
Not bad but some games av downloaded why install but otherwise a great app and wld recommend to others
i dont always browse files on android. But when i do, i use Astro
Guys take a look at x-plore file manager. It does not have the short cuts true but through files and folders is really far easier.
Excellent . Thank you for a product that works perfectly
.
Helps me a lot since I work with roms and apk's a lot
Best in its class!!
No seriously, best file manager.
No seriously, best file manager.
This morning my phone crashed and no more app. On it says is not on phone but theres a icon and folder too. Kind of nervous about reapplying it again. Hope insuance covers it.  Realky liked apo.please fix app.
Excellent
Great for finding the places those odd mp3 downloaders put the songs. And rearranging pictures, even bulk moving files is easy with this app.
Its a nice app
sala insall hot nahi
It works!!!
Simple
Brilliant app does it all.
I got this app because I needed this app to get my pictures on my SD card.
Great
Works perfectly on my nexus 7. Have used it on other Android platforms as well. Just what I needed-
Works perfectly on my nexus 7. Have used it on other Android platforms as well. Just what I needed-
it is the only way to install flash player in android 2.3.6 operayimg systems! cool!
Astro is one great "little" programme. Easy format, user friendly, what more do you need? Cheers, T.
Makes moving files around easy.
The best file manager on the play store....!!
gr8 for HTC phones cuz they have no file manager
Thanks for this great and good looking apps. Btw, is there a way to change the default music and Document directory?  Edit: ok, nvm, found it
Excellent
Super solution for browsing files and more...
Improve more..
Great aplicatiaon, I can browse my own file..
My phone was lost and astro saved me..
Easily keep files and pics where you need them to be.
then it got awful and now it's so so. Too many irrelevant functions (app management? Really?) and it launches into a silly "what do you want to do" screen. Duh, I want to manage my files. I have other solutions for that other junk. The "shortcut" links to media and "documents" are pointless unless you previously set up your filesystem the way Astro expects. In short, this is a decent app marred by a terrible user experience.
Best file reader out there. A must have for any Android device.
Excellent!
Simply best file manager ever!!
This app is good.I can manage my files using this file manager in one swift move.hehehe
Excellent app.
Best
Gooooooooooooooooood
.*****
Awesome!!!!
Love the program.  Just. Installed. And. Works great
This app is V GOOD
This app is V GOOD
What a freakin sweet app. 5 stars!!!
Couldn't pay 2 get anything better, ty and keep up the great work
Couldn't pay 2 get anything better, ty and keep up the great work
Dislike the layout. The first three buttons are almost useless, it just brings you to the file directory, not scan all files and manage your media. Included task manager are of average, SD card interface could be nicer. Other than that, not too bad. Serves its primary function well. However, have to dock for ad. I know user agreement has stated about it, but I still dislike. Try ES explorer. At least ad-free. Primary function about the same.
nice app
Very good
Very good
Too cool
Works great, is smooth and looks nice. Good work!
Good
Easy to use and operate
Saves my apps when updates break them I can just reload previous version from back up. Very easy to download from web n install/uninstall through app managed. Highly needed.
It's great! I love it!
Its the best file management available! Very easy to use!
Love it great job!!!
Super
Love this app.
My favorite tool for getting my droid mod's on:)
Perfect
Tanx
Easy to use App. Helps me keep all my downloaded video/music files together.
E backup is really cool.....
Good work.
Yes.
Awesome app
This is really a deserving five star app. I want to thank the developers for the themes feature. Now I can enjoy Astro in the old look I prefer! This app is awesome, I use it daily. It really is a necessity for any user. Congratulations for a job well done!
Always reliable file explorer and manager.
You must have this
You must have this
Great app. :-)
One of the best and useful apps in the market.
My third phone and I've downloaded it again. Just fell really comfy with the software.. very good app. Miss backup and zip options. Would deserve a sixth star.
Must try and yet it's free.
Works like magic, no other app is even close to it.
Much more useful than the filemanager provided with device
Much more useful than the filemanager provided with device
Much more useful than the filemanager provided with device
Its cool..B-)
So much better than included file manager.
Really vry useful nd gud working
Perfect file browser,has other function too,task killer,app backup.nice job
Perfect file browser,has other function too,task killer,app backup.nice job
Easy to use, looks great, the functions and features are simple and make using your device much more enjoyable. Highly recommended!
Easy to use, looks great, the functions and features are simple and make using your device much more enjoyable. Highly recommended!
Easy to use, looks great, the functions and features are simple and make using your device much more enjoyable. Highly recommended!
This is really a cool application and I wanted this to be integrated with the standard android OS. Thanks a ton for the developers who worked on this :-)
Like the look and functionality
Does what it says
A fantastic app that allows you to see all of the files on your phone like on a regular computer! A necessary application for any computer savvy phone owner!
Can't install update to phone or sd.happens every time.my phone is a lg optimus v 670v
Astro works great.  The task killer is a plus.
Love being able to easily manage files without plugging into pc
Love this App
It it works
It it works
Great app. Was so difficult sorting out media on the go before. Can find my podcasts AND get back to them so easily now. Many thanks.
Does what it says
Bad app. Cant find anything. Poor.
Nice application   very useful for android
Its a very nice apps
Best apps!
Awsome
Rename success!
Good interface...easy to see and understand. Kind of app that's a must have
Nice app
Its gud. Workin as expected.
Makes having a android so much better than An i phone. Being able to have complete controll of my files is like having a pc Im my pocket
.
Awesome!  :D helped me change my skin :D minecraft!
Life saver
Life saver
Free Alps!
Worked well on HTC wildfire
Best android file manager aroind. Can copy easly document from my phone to my pc. Works great on my htc desire z on android 2.3.3 and my tablet 4.0.3
Very good
I use it on all my android devices
A must have for any smartphone *****
A must have for any smartphone *****
Very useful! I had no idea how I to access my files through an interface until I installed this. Thank you very much for all your hard work! Great job!
Best app
This is fantastic! Helped me access & erase downloaded files I couldn't reach & turns the Evo into a functional laptop-like system. Very handy. Luv it
This is fantastic! Helped me access & erase downloaded files I couldn't reach & turns the Evo into a functional laptop-like system. Very handy. Luv it
Good manager that I found
Nice file explore
I've tried them all, paid, free - doesn't matter . Astros great at organization & finding files. Thanks @leechmob
I've tried them all, paid, free - doesn't matter . Astros great at organization & finding files. Thanks @leechmob
Good
Nice
Spolahliva a jednoducha.
Just increase the stuff you can do ad card usage option maybe like delete file option.
I absolutely love this app its done everything I needed it to and helps alot I highly recommend it   great.job! & thanks!
Its good apps
It's good application to manage file and make backup of applications
Has worked well on every device on I've owned.
Has worked well on every device on I've owned.
Svaka cast momci linuks je zakon.
Love it
Best app for browsing files
must have abuggy version. it will only show mw one file. search wont find anything either. and no instructions
ive been using this app for a long time never had problems untill recent updates now app locks up has problems moving files and says it opens a folder and doesnt show anything, please fix
Very fast on my galaxy siii!
It's one useful app.
Love this!
Nice
Great app
Awsome
This is a great file manager. User friendly.
Awsome application ever downloaded............
Its so good when I got backup for my app
Its so good when I got backup for my app
An excellent new GUI. I've installed it on all my mobile devices and find it very usefull
Good
Works as promised each and every time. Never had an issue or complaint. The variety of options and GUI makes the app user friendly on my DROIDX.
Nice :D
Very usefull...!!!
Never fails.
So great for copying files and seeing what crap is using up your storage. A must have.
So great for copying files and seeing what crap is using up your storage. A must have.
Incredibly useful, major props to the devs
Excelente...
This has increased my productivity by bounds. I love this app. I have never given a 5 star for anything. Try it.
This has increased my productivity by bounds. I love this app. I have never given a 5 star for anything. Try it.
I install it on every phone i owned and it still hasn't disappointed me.
good application! easy user. :D
good application! easy user. :D
A
Easy fast and user friendly
First. Class would.   recommend. this to all my friends
Excellent to work with files!
This app is super useful! Great job!
Awesome
Nice app
Awesome little app
Top marks here much better then one on samdung galaxy already.
!
Nic app - with so many features
Great file manager.
Good
Very easy to use, and nice, clean layout. Very, very nice app. Bravo!
Fast, light, flexible, and intuitive.
Worked well when getting ROMs online and extracting the files.
Couldn't believe this wasn't built-in to the Android operating system. Best file manager I've found. Love the network share browsing as well.
Very nice file manager.
Very nice file manager.
Whenever I install a new ROM/MOD this is the first app I grab. Essential! Once you find out how the app works, you find even more uses for it. EVO 4G Cyanogen MOD 9.
U have to download it... multi choosing option very USEFUL...
1 of da best soft.
Very good at finding file.
really helpful
Great
One of the Best File Manager that I've ever used.  Can give many stars. It Worth for it...!!!  GreatB-)
Very good app
All i can say its like sex. GREAT!!!!
superlative!
To put it simply perfection achived!
Great app
댓글 알기
Does exactly what it says I'm just having trouble killing applications.
Thanks for the update.
Thanks for the update.
ok laaah
Excelent
Flexible, easy to use. Regards.
Good!! Its very quick n easy it can alsi backup appsz!!
Good
Very good
The best
I was looking for such an app. Thnx and keep making life easier.
saya suka aplikasi ini..
What the title says
Exactly what I needed to organize my documents and be able to highlight and put notes on them, as if I was using paper! Awesome.
A must have for every new install
Nice app SOo help.full in installing :D
Unfortunately. ASTRO has stopped. After instal & reinstall few time. Please advice.
Really good app on market
When I click on a song it opens the player and plays something else
But needs an exit menu under manage my files otherwise great app.
Use it on gtab 10.1. It works pretty well. Will surely recommend it.
Use it on gtab 10.1. It works pretty well. Will surely recommend it.
Its so easy!
Works much better than I had anticipated.
Hw To lock files wit ths
Thanks Great application.
Thanks Great application.
Great app
This app gives you complete explorative options. Perfect for the average droid user. I've had this on my "my touch 3g", "galaxy S" and now my "htc one". I have yet to be let down but it just seems to keep getting better every update. Thankyou for producing such a fantastic app pple, keep up the great work.
This app gives you complete explorative options. Perfect for the average droid user. I've had this on my "my touch 3g", "galaxy S" and now my "htc one". I have yet to be let down but it just seems to keep getting better every update. Thankyou for producing such a fantastic app pple, keep up the great work.
Amazing
Good apps......
dont need to say anything!!  just keep it up!!^_^
Nice
App backup is wonerfollllllllllllllllllllllll
Works quite nice with a pleasent interface!
Best program
Truly the best
This app makes managing files easy!  I couldn't open my music player to delete some music, because it kept saying memory full when I tried, but this app saved me.
I like this app.
Oke i want to know did there a way to get notification to upgrade/update app in the backup data?   While the real app i erase only the. apk file on backup sd
Better than Windows Explorer!
Hats off
The best app . . . After the new update ,it has made me impressed. Tanx to the developer.
Love it
The best file manager out there..
Good app to backup all my apps. I downloaded this before rooting my phone. I was able to backup because of astro. k got all my apps .apk file which I hav backed up in my sd. its really a Nice app for backing ur apps
i love this app!!! great work!
Download
Easy to use.
I think it is rather limited
So easy to use
Love it. works really grate on my hTc EVO ...
Great stuff for you phone
Can't download :(
Great
Great app. Works better that what ut says
been using about 9 months everything was great until a routine move today deleted all my pics. Eat a **** astro!
Just make folder in main directory and restart, then move pics over. Great app!
This is the best app i have used so far help me stay really organized.
This is the best app i have used so far help me stay really organized.
Works great for accessing my files in my phone, extent SD card and even my home network. Great also for bidirectional Bluetooth transfers.
Simple product works as advertised.
Awesommmeee...app
Awesommmeee...app
Love this file manager! Easy to navigate. Never go without it.
Simple but yet powerful.
La mejor app para administrar mis documentos muchas grasias METAGO.
Best file manager for abdroi
Excellent app probably the best file manager un the android market
THE BEST SO FAR
Great app! Must have :-)
Nice app Excellent thanks.
Facil de usar organizar
This thing is awesome!!!!!!
Ting ting tiring
Makes it souch easier to mod minecraft
Great
Has never let me down.
Kool
Good app!!
Good app!!
This is a must have app for anyone having an android based device. It makes you explore your phone folders and it does also allow you to install apk files and even copy/paste/delete/move and open your files. Working good on my lg optimus l7 :)
Only one word...Excellent!
Great job!!
Works great. Just the ticket! My phone, a ZTE Merit, had Bluetoith non-fubctional, but with this app it works fine.
I have been looking for a way to delete PDF downloads and nothing worked.  Today a Verizon tech rep told me about the app.  It is easy to use& works and advertised.  Thanks
Thanks for an excellent app. Truth iisthere are others out there but this is the one to beat
Superb! By far the most stable file manager I have used in my tablet.
Makes sorting files so easy.
Super app!
Perfect app
It was great application. Few cons. While copying back and forward should be there and network browse files should have download option and should give Window to store the files.
The best by far.
By far the best application to help manage battery usage. Recommended to me by our computer tech.
Its work perfectly, thanks.. i can browse all my file :)
I don't know why my OS doesn't include software like this!
I don't know why my OS doesn't include software like this!
Superb
Have been using it for well over a year now, cannot live without it!
Deserves 5 stars
Great tool, i,'be installed this app on my other android devices with no issues.
Great tool, i,'be installed this app on my other android devices with no issues.
Nice....
Very cool app
Easy to use. Free. Gives lots of options for opening files
Its just awesome. I've tried many apps but this 1 is the best. Plus I love the back up part. But if they improved the looks, it would be a whole lot better.
Its just awesome. I've tried many apps but this 1 is the best. Plus I love the back up part. But if they improved the looks, it would be a whole lot better.
Not real but really excellent hahahaha.........not real
The perfect App for transferring files from internal storage to the SD card on an Acer A100!
great!!
I have been using astro since 2010 and the developers have been on the ball to make it the best on the market. You should give it a try!
You can go to the deepest folder you got!
Amazing aap,giving u quick overview & details of all the stuff,,,,,,i given 5*  Recommended with xperia ray it came with buitin feature,but im writing review to let u know this aap is very very handy,,,
Nice but using something else
Great folder manager
A very useful app. I specially like the application backup/restore feature.
B,hcjvofovoblgocickvobivicicicivovivovjcicocixixovpcibkcicovobohpgogocovobovobo
I am very pleased this is free. I recognize the ASTRO brand and it's got 4.5 stars. How can you go wrong?
Essential...
Don't know what I would do without it
A really useful app that has helped me organise my files. A real help for me.
Highly recommended love this app works as I wanted it to work a++++
Really goot
So far,one of the best app i have on my phone.Easy to use
I haven't really stayed with this app, rather I would try another. I decided to give this a try again and it is amazing. I recommend this to all people looking for a good, overall manager app to take control of your phone. One of the best apps I have had my hands on. Great, Metago.
Great
Great and useful app...
4shared+astro
I tried downloading a widgetlocker theme and I couldn't find it so I used Astro to put the theme I wanted onto the WL file and I got the theme to work! :D
U find this on dozens og websites.  What  a waste og precious  Phone memory
Grate app
This app has made switching phones really easy. Backing up apps to my microsd and installing from source allowed me to keep my old (and superior) updates.
This is a great app and I will give it 5Stars when it has an Exit button.
Best file manager around. Find, move, delete, open files, and more. Also backup your apps, check usage, does it all.
Great app.... Like the zip feature
Always Reliable Always Helpful Great Application
excellent
Its great!
It is very useful software, Thank you for keeping it free of cost.
Absolutely useful
Since last update it crashes on open!
Seems Toshiba has the SD card locked down. Cannot do anything but copy from it with this app. Otherwise one must use the Toshiba file browser to manage the SD card, which does not have sftp. This means you have to transfer to internal storage with astro, and use toshiba's file browser to cut and paste from internal storage to the card. What a pain, Toshiba! No problems on my LG phone.
Good good
Good good
If you're on the "Geeky" side, not only do you want to see all the Cr@# on your Smartphone, you want to be able to find it easily and get rid of it. This App makes that simple!
Does the job well.
Does the job well.
Fortunately or unfortunately i have a new tablet Novo7 Aurora2, recently purchased. So for i could not equip this for its maximum use. So for no browser attracted me.  Similarly Folder creation and cut paste seems more difficult may be due to little aquant with Android. Any way Dolphin has got all solutions and creating folder is now easy. The dolphin application looks like a launcher application and much more. M Yaqoub Khan I S L A M A B AD D
Amazing is the word for this app! Keep it up.
like
But when I open .rar file it shows that it is empty.
But when I open .rar file it shows that it is empty.
Very nice and powerful in searching files
Terrible/unintuitive interface
Terrible/unintuitive interface
Works well
The best file manager ever
I solved problem I was having within 2 min of opening this app. I spent 2 hours trying to solve that problem with "other" file manager!  Haven't had chance to test drive all the options. But gets a 5 for saving my phone from death under my boot!
Need a file manager - get this.  If it is on your droid this app will find it.  If you need to organize - this app can do it.
Been using it constantly on my nexus 7...no issues so far, easy to use as well
I used sd card usage and found a file that was huge would never have found it with out it
I used sd card usage and found a file that was huge would never have found it with out it
Nice app. Recommended for handicapped mobiles.
Much better than the factory file manager!
Does the job, very good app.
The best file manager available on the market.
we hope next update without ads
I rate this app outstandingly amazing! And to be honest I'm impressed!
Superb
THE BEST..... THANKS
This is my 3rd phone, and I've found that I cannot function without my Astro file mgr! Being able to go into my phone & move things around safely is definitely worth it! @Dre86inSD #GalaxyS3
what an lovely programme
Liked it very much
Takes a moment to realise your finger does not have 4 buttons then key logic becomes obvious
Sediment application.
Fantastic file manager/browser, wish I'd found this a year or so ago. What a truely fantastic application. Going to load the Bluetooth app now. Chris.
Perfect app for managing your files. Easy to use and navigate. Love the backup feature. Haven't used it yet, but I have no reason to believe that it won't work.
One of the best apps on the market for file browsing.
Just what I needed.
Very Usefull!
This ap just ruined my phone. Deleted all my aps and contacts. Won't let me delete the ap because it no longer exists in my ap list
Goood
Excellent app for xperia p
This app is very useful for me
Very Good apps!
Works exactly as promised
Easy, nice graphic, functional...love the bar on top :)
Osam app.
Working excellent on nexus 7!
Enough said.
Kinda like a root browser
Kinda like a root browser
Very good apps
Very intuitive. Works as advertised and packed with useful features.
Best file manager i had ever got
For me this one copy files the faster than others
One and only best file manager
One and only best file manager
Great otherwise
Good
Great app
Good
Good
Best manager ever which I seen keep it up n fixrs bugs..
My go to file app!!!
The Perfecr app!!!!!!
Let's me copy, paste, move and delete files.  Easy to navigate and easy to use. The new user interface is terrific.  Excellent support.
.
Awesome!!
Great file manager
why open all files by default as a pdf?!
Great app.no I'm not a fake customer.
very good for organising files
Yeah
Fabulous program.
Easy to access the various types of files in the many folders on my SD card.  No complaints.
Gud app
it made my phone like my pc
it made my phone like my pc
It does what it says
Try getting used to android. This app goes a long way to making the experience a lot less painful Watchitt
Works very well, feature rich.
Ecxellent app
The old DOS. Operating System where we used to type the commands but you had a mental image of what is going on behind the screen.
hello I cannot download it,  I click on install, logged on to google, gets the message it will be downloaded shortly but nothing happens    can anyone help?
Contains both a file manager and a task killer. An SD memory checker and a few other neat little things. Light on the adds as well or least I just didn't notice them because they weren't bad. Only thing I have against is every now and then it might slow down for a few seconds. But all in all, its a very good tool.
De
Not only a great file manager, but also includes several very useful utilities. A must-have.
Vry good
Absolutly fatastic and easy to use app.....  Thnkx for freee.
10/10 in style, usage, ease of use and compatibility. 10/10 would bang
first thing i'm installing on my tablet everytime
Absolutely necessary for any smartphone!
Cant uninstall apps using astro bt still love as it solves all my other issues and help me manage my files easily.
i like the search engine it gives a lot of details.nice work guys.thank you.
Great new interface. User friendly. Beaut app
Good
Very useful
Great App. !
Great App. !
Deff have to say i love this app!!!its a app killer, manager, SD card Notifier, i swear if my phone was bigger with more hard drive i wld say F a computer
I had uninstalled the other file manager because of this app . :-D
Its good
Good job
It makes it very easy to locate files by type.
My ultimate shortcut my only thing on the home screen...      Happy
Works awesome! Had to do hard reset and Astro made it painless. Love it!
Could be more user friendly but it does what it says.
I like this ..
Nice app
Great app for organizing files and easy to use.
Love it
Cool app
Luv it's very clear and simple. Just like me.!!
Great app
Thanks ..... For fastest file manager. must install.easy useful and fast.
Great app. It do everything and not spay on ther yousers.
Good
Now i cant see the phone memory..only the sd card  :-(
Best manager ever.
The best file manager app on G.Play.
The best file manager app on G.Play.
Number one of must have apps.
Great app.
Great app.
A MUST HAVE app for your phone.
Just awesome.....
Being young brings many amazing things to your phone. Sometimes you don't know where some of those things went; you need heavy artillery to find any given file, and delete it. This is the App of choice.
Great
Great for a free app.
Very happy with this app!
Nothing more to say. Thanks devs for the constant updates. It just keeps getting better and easier to use.
Excellent organizational tool! A must have for my Xoom. Finds things I forget I have...can move files throughout effortlessly. Really cool...
!!!
Checking
Checking
Superb..... Free apps with Pro functionality!!! Keep it up Guys!
Superb..... Free apps with Pro functionality!!! Keep it up Guys!
Nice app guys go for it...
Perfect
Thanx... Very usefull...
This app is perfect if your looking for a file manager.
This app is a very good file manager.
Works great, was able to transfer songs/video from phone via USB cable-USB port on tablet. Great app
Works great, was able to transfer songs/video from phone via USB cable-USB port on tablet. Great app
Luv it
Luv it
Tooo gud app!! Amazingg
Does what it,says on the tin very effectively
Great file manager!!
Every Android needs to come with this by default!
Simply perfect file manager for my fine.works just perfectly on my xperia:-D
Great application for those who want to use mobile like a computer.before using this application I felt very difficult to arrange My files and used My laptop to arrange the files.but now feel
Could not be happier with this brilliant app. Does what it says superbly and allows me access to all my files! Thank you!
Could not be happier with this brilliant app. Does what it says superbly and allows me access to all my files! Thank you!
Loved it before even better now very easy to use and useful great product.
Awesme app
Awesme app
Perfect
Will not log in to my Facebook account. Same thing happens to my iPhone as well
It's very easy to search my folders after installing this
Would give zero stars if possible. Crashes every few seconds.
Most useful fm in the marker
Nice app
Pretty decent app to mess around with your storage.
Excellent!!!!
Have never looked back after I installed it.
Awesome app with cool interface and best options...
Awesome app with cool interface and best options...
Best file manager. I love it. Thanks guys.
Best file manager. I love it. Thanks guys.
Whats mean null?
Very good app..  must install
gr8 app.....
Excellent Apps.
Being someone that likes to know how things work, Astro File Manager let's me see the files that control my device. Works good on my HTC EVO 4G.
Why I was not using it till now !!!  Love it.
I love this app.
very good app to manage my files...work fine on galaxy s3
i have enough space but keep saying insufficient storage available
Does what it needs to very well.
I mean exception handler issues
Like that I can manage easily all my files and back them up for when I change my fone.
A first app download for any smartphone
Good working
Useful
Nice application
Easy to be used
Browse the files as u wish
Nice app.. :-)
Amazing app, so much better than default file explorer.
Really very very useful...
Great app works best
Absolutely in love with the way this app handle file browsing.
Easy to use.
Does what it says
V.good
Woot!
No need trying others..this does everything you need it to do. Awesome!!
The best file opener I can ever find and no glitches force closes or any lag. That's what I luv. This is the best and I reccomend this too many ppl
Best
Does everything a file manager should do, just on a phone instead of a PC. Very easy to use.
It is very nice application..helps me to find backups of the apps
I love the fact that I can delete unwanted files on my sd card...to clear up memory!!!!
Awesome app.
Ottimo
Great app. Very helpful
I look forward to learning to use it .Thank you
I have been using for the past 3 months. It makes moving files around or from tablet to  cell so easy it's scary. I'm sharing with all my friends!  Thanks for the app!
so great job
Makes accessing files much more logical and quicker. Try it out
Good manager.
Download it.
Works great!!!
Wouldn't use any other file system app
Great product, makes file browsing very easy.
doesn't bloody work since update. Accepted the terms and nothing!!! Just hangs with black screen.
Excellent App.
I like this super
I cannot ask more to a file manager... Just perfect
Thank you for this app help me with moving my apps and organizing them.
AWESOME
Superb.
Nice one
Nice one
Exellent app.
Nice work..... I gave five star.....
Very good
Does what it says it does   Lg optimus 2x
Thank you for good app.
Love it!
Great
Great
OUTSTANDING.  Easy to use; does what it says it'll do; I love it.
Smooth
Still the best!
Best app to manage and access files, love it!
It's work very good
Like Windows explorer, would be difficult without it!
Best one so far!
Need more agility for multi select option
i use it all the time, great for managing ur files
My favorite file manager app!
Very good.
Lots of features.
Awesome way to manage my files, highly recommended!
Need I say more?
Quick, efficient, and doesn't interfere with important apps (:
It works great, doesn't have very many flaws. My only complaint is that some of the apps I download do not work and freeze my phone when I try to open them.
Luv Astro file manager
Mr. freeze, you're sooooooo bad! Do000000000Sh
The best app out there for keeping control of all your files and programs. Easy to learn and use. Its great!
Astro is my only file browser; way better than stock.
Easy to learn how to operate and on top of that it did everything I was trying to do + more!!!
ONLY Installed two days! What a superior app this is! I cannot find a single gripe to complain about! It's like working files on you're desktop! It's the best app I've ever Installed! And this is the free side!  Thanks guys and gal's for a great app!
Help a lot in managing files on Android and cells!
No problems
Fast. Easy to use. 5 +
Fast. Easy to use. 5 +
Very easy to use, GREAT PROGRAM.
Really.. this app performance is  slow then androzip
It works nicely its good experience to work with it.
This is one great free app
Lets you view your SD card, simple back and forward just like browsing through a PC's folders. Lite, works,get it. Simple.	See title
Very friendly and nice. apps. Help me 2 organise my files and folders. I luv it.
Best out there.
Is a great app. Love it. Don't need to get other apps to send excel or any other office forms. You can use your normal email with this.
Must have app that makes exploring, copying, moving, deleting etc a breeze. 5stars all the way!
Great app.
Beat free file manager.
Does everything I need, great app. Thanks!
Grear app
Not working on my LG Optimus black. It loads loads and finally no folders are displayed on memory card.. Please fix it
Awesome app!
Love this app!
No comment
Great os
Like the title says
Simple to use. What else can you ask for?
I love it
Great Program!
Makes it easy to find and manipulate info and files!
Great product! Easy to understand and use great for anyone who uses there smartphone like a computer.
Works great. No complaints. Use it every single day for multiple things. Definitely my most used app
Works great. No complaints. Use it every single day for multiple things. Definitely my most used app
This is the best app to organize ur SD card and phone storage. Thanks for the great app.
This is the best app to organize ur SD card and phone storage. Thanks for the great app.
Simply awesome
thank you for this product.  I thought I lost a pic and found it embedded someplace I could not have found just looking in my galley.  I am looking forward to learning most if not all capabilities of this tool.
It's really a must download app
Absolutely amazing !!!!
Absolutely amazing !!!!
Absolutely amazing !!!!
Thanks! You guys are effing awesome you guys helped ne clear 1gb of space
Easy to use and clean
Very easy & convinient to manage files.
Few updates back it would crash on startup, its back to its efficient best with the latest updates. HTC Sensation XE
it's so amazing
This is a great app.
Does it's job well
Well done
Must have for android.  Can't live without it
Not sure about this update seems to lag,have blank screen when switching tasks &crashed twice so far. I'm no pc geek & IDK what everything means however I should be able to get to image gallery easy, hmmm not really. Disappointed :(
App does what it says it does.
the most up to date build is v3.1.389 on the site now in the last 2 days NOT v3.1.387 hope that helps they did not update their version number
Great app, would recommend to other users
I LOVE IT! <3
file is invalid fix it
I liked it
I liked it
I liked it
Works well on my Galaxy S2. No need for another app as this does it all.
So easy to use.  Have never had a problem. HTC  EVO
for the update
Works great. Really helps me find all the files I download
Nice app.....
A file manager isn't included on my HTC wildfire so I installed this and I am very pleased! Thanks!
Got me my Pokemon so I love it! Works great!
Nice application:-)
Works awesome...
Works awesome...
Does whats it meant to do. Well written app
Luv this app. Does everything i want in a file manager
Great app. Thank you so much for making this. Very easy to use
Awesome
Awesome app.
Used more than a year. Must have
Astro makes my android filing so much simpler. A must have!
Best
astro used to work on my galaxy nexus
I have been trying various file managers and this one is the best. Got a new phone and had no problem backing up my apps.  No problems at all.
I have been trying various file managers and this one is the best. Got a new phone and had no problem backing up my apps.  No problems at all.
Great app
Good
Just what I need. V easy to navigate
5 stars
Perfectly executed. Wonderful file manager app. Try it now!
I have used Astro since I had my OG Droid. Since then, I have used it on several devices and it has been great.
Does everything it says it does
Does everything it says it does
The update sucks this pics i receive in my msgs i can't view them in astro anymore. Put it back the way it was pls
Excellent product...does exactly as described...thanks!
The best explorer until now. Does what it must and it does it simply great without a single crash.
Best  app
Easy, simple, every feature you'd expect. When switching phones, it's one of the first apps I download.
This app is awsome. I use it all the time.
Easy to copy and past and delet and play all song together.
Very happy with interface...well designed. Does everthing I want pretty much.  Did take a bit of sleuthing to figure out how to get my ASUS tablet's additional memory to be read. It showed the two SD cards but wouldn't show files...went to setup and found out the method. Other similar programs do this automatically. But over all that is a minor gripe...everything else works flawlessly thus far.App back-up really good...shows those that have been updated but needs to be backedup.
But really nothing special.  I d/l this app to use the samba extent ion but could never get it to work.  When I find one I like I will likely uninstall this app.
Tilt phone so screen goes landscape and screen will show. Happens every update :/
Awesome file manager
Love it!!!(
Good stuff.. works on any Android
Its good work
The app is awesome the ease of use makes this worth it everytime highly suggested for keeping track of all ur files on your phone
Its very usefull for me.
I use this app all the time it keep my files organized very very helpful when u have multiple roms and files and u need to free up space!
Well worth the app cost. Make creating folders and organizing data easy. Only snag is when you move pictures from dcim to media it just copies them so you have to go back and delete them. Still all  all said and done this app rocks! Thank Astro
This app opp is really easy to use and very visually appealing.  Ive tried the others and always come home to astro!  Everyone should try it at least once ;)
V easy 4 manage my file. Good job. Thanks
Simply the best
Amazing!! (: !!
Thank you
This is the best file manager I've come across.
Wow
Great on my xperia pro
It is the best I ever tried
Great app. Highly Recc. Only thing is it could use a new interface.
Does everything you would want it to do
Very good
Amazing!
So good
So good
Constantly forces closes every time I try to do anything in the app. Use to be awesome. Please fix
Great app
Easy to navigate... Never crashes on my old X10i
Everything I need all in 1 folder
Perfect. Just need exit option.
Very Awesome.
Love it
Yeah, it's good.
Great app with extra tools!
Excellent app. Easy to use
Uses this app for a while now, easy to personalise and edit your files
Excellent app, does what it says on the box. Swift browsing experience, virtually no lag and intuitive interface.
So I give it 5 stars as it cost me absolutely nothing to use.
One of the best file manager apps in the market
Highly recommended!!
Highly recommended!!
Early quirks are gone. Love this app!
Does its ish.
I like it
Does not work after update on Sony xperia s
Apik tenan
Works perfect
Works perfect
HTC EVO no problems to report. Handy app.
Absolutely brilliant
Should be included on every phone.
Should be included on every phone.
Awesome the only word to say  User friendly.
Very useful and fast app
Very useful and fast app
Chut
Five star, easy to use
Mantap...
Just like moving files around on pc good job guys best file manager on market for free. Download it u want be sorry
Just a bang on app
Ive had astro on my last 3 phones this one is no exception, simply awesome app. A must for anyone who likes to keep their phone files organised
Looking for a good file manager? , look no further!
Better than the Best :-)
Easy cool looking and very useful
Finally an app that actually makes my android phone a lot more user friendly.
Nice!
Nice!
Still an excellent app needs proper picture  viewer do you can hair go to next pick with arrow
ang galing..
Top notch
Does what it says on the tin...
Easy to use, clean and smooth.
Does everything i need.  Thanks
great for tracking down a lost file hidden deep in the phone
To easy
Its very good and easy to use.
Excellent app that can be useful with my documents.
I love this app.,great work guys :-)
Works great
Nice application!!!!!
Very useful, since galaxy nexus doesn't have stock file browser. The tools are more than decent.
Very useful, since galaxy nexus doesn't have stock file browser. The tools are more than decent.
The best!
Good
Clean and fast UI, customizable, and powerful. One really couldn't ask for more.
Great app, best file manager out there!
What else is there to say.  It's great!
No 1 file manager app in android
Best file manager app in the market...
Good !
This app has always allowed me to do whatever Ive needed.  Great app and updated on a regular bases.
This is a must have app if you want to sort your stuff out. Best file manager on the market.
Mrtb
This is a "must have" app. It is like having Windows Explorer on a cell phone or tablet.  And you can do even more.  Try it...you will not regret it.
Could use an FTP plugin too.
Never had a problem!
Simply the best file manager!
Simply the best file manager!
El mejor
i like it
Its a reaaly good app it lets you manage your sd cards file its awesome
Wizard!
Awsome
This was the first explore I install in the only 1 I've been using since
Love this appt.
Good app
top app thanks
Great multiuse app!
Runs very smooth and very simple to use
Very good app. Very useful. Thanks
I lovit
Great app!
Have yet to find a better file manager.
A must have!
Best application
Best application
It's so convenient and functional, that I do not want try anything else	It works perfectly for me
Got to love a developer that keeps their app updated with new features all the time and this is the free version....I can't live without this app. Highly recommended.
All in a nice, easy to understand package.
The only way to access files on your phone
Don't need computer to clean my system out, this is perfect !!!@
App!!
5★ keep the updates coming
I love it
Great app   A must for all
My favourite from the early days when the G1 came out.
Astro does everything it should and more. Simple to use and easy to understand.
Astro does everything it should and more. Simple to use and easy to understand.
Like how you can create shortcuts on your home screen to specific folders
Nice program
It's a filemanager, online backup and app backup
It's a filemanager, online backup and app backup
very good app
Please make this to manage usb drives which are connected via OTG cables!!! Until it u lose 3stars.
Always one of the first downloads on my phone
works excellent :)
Great app
I love it so easy and work perfect
Best
Best
So easy to use and does everything it says it will do
Has it all. Does it all. Great app!
A mUst Have .. Nice and keep it up with the update .. ;-)
Nice apps
Nice
Nice software
Nice software
Super
Great app
I like having control of my files, and my phone
Nice UI,,User Interface,,layout...very user friendly and excellent filing process..would download again and again and have on all media types..highly recommended
Getting better and better. Can't wait for next release!
Getting better and better. Can't wait for next release!
Now I can find my files, and interact with them like I am used to.
Nice and simple
Works easily.
Find what you want, configurations up the wazoo even place button where you want to make it easier to use lefty or righty.  Just f@#$% outstanding app. HTC Resound.
I normally don't rate apps but when I do they deserve five stars :D
Works like a charm.  Brings me back to the days when I had control over my device. Allows me manage apps and memory usage. Recommended for those who know what to do at a file and process level.
Works like a charm.  Brings me back to the days when I had control over my device. Allows me manage apps and memory usage. Recommended for those who know what to do at a file and process level.
great apps!!!
Nice app!!!!!!@
Hl
good
I like this apps
... goOd ...
Awesome
great new updates
1
Great file manager
Works like majic on my wopad i9gen2.... others crashed.. astro flew!!
Works like majic on my wopad i9gen2.... others crashed.. astro flew!!
A really good file manager withan exciting interface with lots of functionality...
A really good file manager withan exciting interface with lots of functionality...
A really good file manager withan exciting interface with lots of functionality...
I love the app, but I can't stand the new ads.  They weren't this bad until recently.  I'll try something else before paying 4 dollars for the full version.
Works well, does plenty, slightly overdone interface, but still highly recommended.
Works well, does plenty, slightly overdone interface, but still highly recommended.
im using this app for my motorola photon.
Used on Galaxy S2 and Nexus, a great way to manage files on your Android device
Used on Galaxy S2 and Nexus, a great way to manage files on your Android device
Great app for managing all files
Must download.....
Must download.....
awsme
Used this app for 3 years without any B/U problems. Does everything I want it to do. HTC Rezound 4G
an excellent and straight forward filing management system....
Thank you for this app you Guys are good thank you metro pcs
I've had the top paid for multiple app management and backup apps that weren't half as good as this app it's a file manager but backs up apps monitors running app and let's you stop them and a,lot more by far the most control you'll have with your phone .
I've had the top paid for multiple app management and backup apps that weren't half as good as this app it's a file manager but backs up apps monitors running app and let's you stop them and a,lot more by far the most control you'll have with your phone .
Easy to use. Excellect!
awesomw
I really like Astro for its clean interface and ability to support Bluetooth based file transfer.
XLNT app.  I can now open attachments again.  If this did not work I was going to spring foe an I phone...
Samsung S3 best system utility period...
The best file manager and Great other functions.
The best file manager and Great other functions.
Great app always. Works for me
Great
Nice
this is great! now i can manage my pics and movies... thnx alot...
I wanted to place a shortcut on my home screen to a specific mp3 file that is stored on my SD card.  This was the only app that I found that can actually do that.  Excellent!
Excellent!
The first gen HTC Incredible has no way to access files without plugging into a computer, which I currently lack. Astro is the perfect app for finding and sorting all your files! I love it, user friendly and very convenient.
Great
Good
Does all all the things I need and had no problems with it!
Does all all the things I need and had no problems with it!
Does all all the things I need and had no problems with it!
I hate it!
I can download roms
Lovely performance software
Its awesome, with unlock all features which are not present in simple file manager....
When u start using is a little confused but a later will be easy
Makes finding files easy.
Great. Most of the time its more effective than root explorer. Also a lot more clean
Thr best file manager
Plenty of apps just as good and they're free. Don't waste your money or time.
Have used FE for quite some time.  Ran across Astro and liked its look/capabilities.  Previously uninstalled bc it did not seem to access all my files.  Fixed, and now I love it.   Fantastic work.
Couldn't live without it
Very useful tool for organizing and managing my files.  There are many useful features that you would only expect to see on a laptop for a full size computer.  John S.
I just discovered this program. Another android forum member recommended it. It's great. Simple and easy to use
Best app ever
Solid functions, solid features, solid app. UI isn't "sexy", but it's darned functional and easy to use
A heck of a lot more than I expected.  Great job guys.
One of the good ones!
Astro file manager works great.  One request would be for a trash box or deleted box
VERY GOOD
VERY GOOD
Useful app
Useful app
Right Andriods Num One File App
I will give a 5 star. Its really cool app. M really enjoying it.
Thank you.. this is a great apps.. hope it will improve some more.. :)
Thank you.. this is a great apps.. hope it will improve some more.. :)
Application KYAKA....every one must download this.....
If you have an android phone, this app is an absolute must to be able to access the entire file system and move/manage data as you need. I am a big fan of the multi select feature, allowing me to selectively copy/move files out of a folder to another. It allows for grid and list views plus easy navigation. Probably my favorite app so far in terms of managing my phone (in addition to the application manager , lol)
If you have an android phone, this app is an absolute must to be able to access the entire file system and move/manage data as you need. I am a big fan of the multi select feature, allowing me to selectively copy/move files out of a folder to another. It allows for grid and list views plus easy navigation. Probably my favorite app so far in terms of managing my phone (in addition to the application manager , lol)
Great app!!
Very Nice App. All under a single App. Easy to Use, fast and reliable.
It's good working!
Help me get out of a jam when I downloaded an all file that wouldn't open must have to open files
Needed a "my computer" function and this does the job. Used on my HTC evo 4G and Acer Iconia tablet.
I like this
Works pretty great!!
this app is so great...thanks to this app!!  ;-)
Thank you so much, couldnt locate anything on my phone that i had downloaded. Then when i downloaded this app everything was in the files thanks for the app
Very nice. I finally got to know the partions of internal memory on my device.
Nice app
Can improve by  increasing browsing speed
This is a great app
nice one
Does its job
Gr8
Gr8
Much better than stock file manager
Much better than stock file manager
I just love this app
What a nice app!!
What a nice app!!
Stupid developers even try to make apps with ads when there are plent that work well (if not way better) without them.
Astro is a great file manager! You can really do a lot of things with it and it is easy to use. If you have a working knowledge of Windows Explorer, you will like the interface and features.
Love it.
Other app managers wouldn't let me extract/move/rename files. I now have all my music on my phone ^__^
HTC Sensation
Astro is a legend app.  It works perfectlly. I love the new look.
Astro is a legend app.  It works perfectlly. I love the new look.
Astro is a legend app.  It works perfectlly. I love the new look.
Great for transfering roms etc
Perfect
Best file manager
Been using android since D1 and this app has been the most consistent product through the years.
Great apps
Nice app very helpful.
Excellent
Excellent
Nice application
Does what it should do very pleased
My go-to file manager on Android.
Been using this program a long time on multiple phones without issue
This app is very useful for keeping my devices cleaned up! Simple to use and easy to understand... Thx for such a useful app!
Great app! Absolute must atleast for us HTC fans!
Best
This is the app that I've been looking for! Its very useful and easy to use! I'm so glad I discovered this. I recommend it to everyone who wants to organize there files :)
Superb guys
Helpfull app
Awesome. Memory usage meter is super cool. Also can be used like taskmanager in windows.
These Guys are reeeaally on top of their stuff its all really easy to use and if something does go wrong they dont blame it on your phone but instead it says that something went wrong with the application and it gives you an option wether to send a error report to the administrators or just exit but its really rare for that to happen and again THANK YOU GUYS REAALLY GREAT APP
First app I load on any new device, a must have!
This thing is amazing! Helps me erase those annoying extra things that cannot be installed!
Quick restore from a factory reset.  Excellent product.
Makes finding and moving files easy and far less frustrating. Excellent!
Cool app so far!
Cool app so far!
Since my first device. Og droid now galaxy nexus! Keep the updates coming :)
Since my first device. Og droid now galaxy nexus! Keep the updates coming :)
It is great
Nice
Great!!!
5 star
Must have been an update.  It functions well and looks very nice.
The title says it all.
I love this app its so easy to manage..best spp by far. Thanx Rodney
Awesome
Great software. Use it all the time
Everything I need and then some
Everything I need and then some
Everything I need and then some
It's powerful and intuitive. I couldn't live without this app!
Very nice display,its use simpler one
Best file manager. Using it on my android 2.3 phone and on kindle fire with ICS.
Does everything it should and more, no other file manager like it, as easy as Windows Explorer, perfect. The pro key is a little over priced though.
Could do better in multi select function...
Good
Best app, very nice UI
Luvs it bcoz of simplicity n payload.
Full
Must have manager....
Must have manager....
One of the best file management  apps in the market. Buy the pro version.
very useful
found the downloaded file i wanted to delete and allowed me to delete it without needing to find a laptop to use, thanx.
Get it
Send, bookmark, a good search, sexy design and doesn't auto start all over my phone. Keeps my ATRIX hot and bothered
This program is the best file program ever. I love it and use it on all my phones.
Fantastic
So easy to use...
Everything you could ever want from a file manager.
This file manager is simple yet effective. I keep all my backups here to and it's very convenient to restore the backup and also share the apk files. I
Works great, very easy way to manage files on the tab.
Nice I look for free explorer this is good
Easy to use
Nothing to say just speechless .
I initially neded a file browsing system that allowed me the capability to stream my mac files on my android house using wifi and this app had ads and did allow me to view files on the computer but no access them or play videos. Plus theres ads!! I would choose Es file explorer before ever downloading this app again.
Great app, easily can browse the entire phone and does everything it says.  ....HTC DESIRE ...AF
It does everything I expected it to do and more. :)
Best file manager ever... Today most of the mobile companies using android os Astro is helping a lot...   Thnx a lot Astro...
I have tried other viewers this one is the best got to delete all the unwanted hidden files taking up room on my SD card plus I like the different theme colors ! Great job DEV ! Moving files are a breeze :-)
Love this app! Able to manage folders and items that have been uninstalled keeping it clean just like my pc!
Wow
Nice app
As promised... this app Rocks!!
As promised... this app Rocks!!
Super
Has Every Thing What I Wanted...!!!
Thanks Dev, Droid X
Excelent app
Works perfect on Galaxy s3
Very good. For maintenances of ur internal and external memory
Installed on my nexus 7 and it works well
Works perfectly just as described.
Using this on my Nexus 7 with JB 4.1.1. App is amazing all around. Works flawlessly. Seriously considering the pro key now.
Very useful indeed
:):):):):):):)
The best file manager
Great for organizing photos, videos, and much more.
Simply the best backup program for a droid
This app is the absolute must have. Without it you get lost on your android phone. With it everything is at your fingertips
Much better than others.
Good useful apps
Easy to use the best file manager with extras
Great app
Good app
This apparently has the best task killer I have used
Non greater does this thing than does it do.
I never comment but after my new from didn't com wit a file manager downloaded this its great very simple everything right where it should be love it and icon and internal colours look great wit new theme
Good
Perfect a dream
Nice one
exelent ap it works great on mi Samsung nexes
:)
Great app.
Great app.
Does absolutely everything you need it to.
Cgjj
The best.
Good
Its awsome n its awsome and its awsome nothing else 5 star
I simply love it
Its a great application to manage files
Great, works exelent!
Astro is the perfect file browser for Android. Lightweight, full-featured, and very intuitive and easy to use. I love it.
I've been using this app since my first smartphone was told by a friend about it. I enjoy how the look, feel,and the way it functions great app. I never had any issues with it stoping or force closing. Perfection.
Easy to use & worked like a charm .  (I needed to delete files .)
Nice
Nice
Best
Great app!!
Awesome
This app does exactly what I want it to do...I won't be without it if I can help it.
wOnderful! 5 star because i like it!
Its save my all apps  And also money
Its save my all apps  And also money
Like it
Very Good
Good app.
The best file manager I love this app so much every one should have this
It help u a lot when u are trying to rind ur files that u have downloaded and aim to arrange it or use it ^_^
how did I ever live without this app on my phone. it's like having a mini file mngr. Even better it like having a little piece of heaven on your phone. This should be one of those apps that id apart of the standard build on every phone, instead of that bs app called stock.
I have another file Explorer. But it keeps crashing all the time!! I recently download Astro and I instantaneously fell in love with it!! Love it!! Works perfectly!!!
Pretty good.  If there's anything to complain about, it's that it does to much.  I just needed a way to move/copy/delete files, and this handles that well, but all the other features are distracting.
My only concern is that the help takes a long time to load. Otherwise, extremely helpful and thorough!
Sehr schön und gute Applikationen! Danke schön!
A file browser and app backup solution. Truly and excellent find. I've been experiencing issues with my phones and this makes it so much easier to transfer everything to a new handset.
Designed to be user friendly.
definitly best file manager no doubt about it
Always get this application for my phones. It should come as a default on phones.
What more is there to say?
Works great!
Brilliant on galaxy nexus and nexus 7
This app is much better than the preinstalled one on Galaxy S2. Love it!
Good
Does everything and more I need it too.
Very good for smart phone
Its one of the best filemanagers but for beginners i recomend androzip
This its great for delating rabbis from your phone...
Used it to view and mod minecraft files. Very good app. I had 0 troubles.
Used it to view and mod minecraft files. Very good app. I had 0 troubles.
One of the best application i have seen.
I love this application its easy to use!
aplikasi hebat, sangat bermanfaat bgt pas pake android n pengen explore file.. :)
This functionality should come as standard.
Great tool
Great tool
Great tool
Really cool..
Verry useful!
Love this app great for downloaded apk files to install on your tablets or phones 10/10  very easy to usr	Craig - samsung galaxy tab 2 7inch
Love this app great for downloaded apk files to install on your tablets or phones 10/10  very easy to usr	Craig - samsung galaxy tab 2 7inch
Good
Excellent for ever. I love it
On my droid 2 global.
Best file manager on market !!!!
Awsome app. So far so good
This is one of the best apps to manage files on Android device. Highly recommended.
I ok
Very like it
Must download..
Must download..
Wonderful :) Before Astro, there was no easy way to save individual files/apps to SD card in case of loss or replacement of device. Thank you for this
Great app! :)
Very handy. Wish it could change core dir's to write:)
Droid Bionic & Nexus 7. A must-have app. Excellent, highly recommended.	Great for file organization and browsing, especially for use on Motorola's sometimes odd native software.
Great app!
YO BANA PAGUNO
btr
Great app
I recommend this app
I recommend this app
The best file manager for android phones.....
:)
Love it!
Easy to use great for restoring apps
Worked wonders I luv this app......Thanxs
Worked wonders I luv this app......Thanxs
Just needs to make how to 'select all' clearer.
I like it,very useful
Love it
Great app....love the updated interfaces..
This app is not only great but it is a wonderful tool
I LOVE this app especially after I learned how to use it.  Kudos!  Thanks! Hugh Simpson Former CBS News Consumer Reporter
Great stuff
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Fast, easy, convenient.
Excellent application.
Best and most useful app on the market!
Great software!!
:)
It Rock's
I have never rate a app five stars! This is the most helpful file app it help to free up over half of memory on my RAZR.         Lost DIR you can delete!!!
It does what it says which is great
It does what it says which is great
Best one I've used. Very easy navigation
Very good app, no problems, HTC Evo Design
This app saved me 2.5 GB of space with my first use of it.
I've been using this app since I got my first android phone about two years ago and its been nothing but wonderful for me. Even through all the updates, the basic use is still there and it couldn't be better. There are a million uses for it, and it only gets better with root access. A good app for basic and advanced android users, and in my opinion, simply needs to replace the default file manager.
I've been using this app since I got my first android phone about two years ago and its been nothing but wonderful for me. Even through all the updates, the basic use is still there and it couldn't be better. There are a million uses for it, and it only gets better with root access. A good app for basic and advanced android users, and in my opinion, simply needs to replace the default file manager.
Awesome app
A most have for any droid
Thanks I now have space
Been using it daily for months. Always does the job.
Only been using this for a few hours but already uninstalled es file! Great app and very friendly! Thanks
Does everything you could want from a file manager. HTC one s.
Superlyk
Very useful and easy -to-use application
Very handy.
Thanks!!!
This app is too good.v convenient and easy to operate. Well done
Excellent guys keep up the good work
Excellent app. keep up good job
Excellent app. keep up good job
Finally some control of the files on my phone. 5-Stars!
Now this is an ultimate app! Extremely useful.... Best in the market
This is a very good app. Never crashes ,no force close errors. i have been using this app. for the last year .my touch 4g.android.  rob
I have tried a bunch of similar apps ,but nothing can can even come close to Astro .
Appliance backup is an excellent feature.
Easy to use. Easy to backup files. Overall nice app.
Works great 4 me!! Keep it uP!!
Works great 4 me!! Keep it uP!!
If you need a gr8 file management app this is it!
gooooood
Motorola Droid Razor Maxx Working great so far
Wouldn't let me edit txt file because it was to large. It was only 11mb
Love the new look :)
It is good
You guys are the best, makes my life easy for sure! Best file system ever! Keep up the good work! And thank you!!
great app. easy file use and zip management. love the program back up to keep  different versions Of apps. thanks
Been using for a few weeks now.  Easy to navigate and easy to use.
It works. That's all that matters.
I've had problems all morning on my phone and astro fixed it all. I was able to find hidden files which were causing problems and delete them!
Wondarfull apps. Download it.
Menyenangkan aku!!!
Verrrrry awesome app work like pc copy or paste
Excellent. Keep it up.
This app very useful
I love this app
Phenomenal application for me at least. I was looking for one to organize my music/ringtones/notifications...and this is more then I expected. Nice, cozy & clear.
;-)B-):-)
Very easy to use and gives you access to the root of your sd card.
Very easy to use and gives you access to the root of your sd card.
Very easy to use and gives you access to the root of your sd card.
Very useful
well made
Great application just made for work. It fullfill my all file management needs.
Great application just made for work. It fullfill my all file management needs.
Thanks for this great application. Ive been using this for almost a year and i love every bit of it. Keep it up and thanks for the updates. ^O^
This app is a must have and a real keeper. I cleared up 1 gigabyte of old files on my SD card in under 5 minutes on my first try. Awesome app and thank-you for letting it be free, I really needed an app like this :)
I use it very often and this is best file manager on android
j
Finaly you controll whats on your devices
It must be useful
I like it
love the whole new update love it love it! especially the layout of internal memory usage i was looking for big files i wanted to delete
What an app, it knocks the socks off the others. They just don't come close.
I love this application. Pls add more themes
Awesome app. helped me find lost files
Just what the doctor ordered ;)
Just what the doctor ordered ;)
I have had this app,both free & paid version forever.I gladly paid for the key the first day it was released.Please find someone to redo your UI!!!!!!
This app help you to find and delete files that you though were already gone but they were only hidden in your phone. Many other great features but this my favorite
Great app and easy to use. Five stars.
Love it and what I was looking for
Great app..
Nice.
This is literally THE only app that has promised me to be good, and it actually is. I can rename my music files when I need to, I can back up my favorite apps with ease, and now my battery lasts longer because I'm able to kill the apps that eat up my battery power. I highly recommend.
Gs 2
This is a good app
Very good app
Very good program
This app does everything they say with ease and I have still not explored all its functions.
The best file manager app.
Love this application
The Best
One of the best around. Really great app
best file manager yet...
Can't skip existing files when merging two folders.
I love this app!!!!!! I can create a new folder and move everything around
Very satisfied
Very satisfied
I love it! This is the app I've been looking for! I've gone through task managers and memory boosters and they don't work. This is the real deal!
AWESOME!  -T989
Great app, easy to use.
Works well
This one perfect.
This one perfect.
Very nice file manager. User-friendly and easy to use. It has all the stuff I need from zip to multiple copying,etc. I just have one suggestion. Mine is a rooted phone. I use root explorer to view system files. If astro can do this, all in one it would be the best out there.
Love ur application cool
very good app for file management... easy to use and user friendly.
Works like it suppose to great app for files on phone
:-)
Great file manager, I bought the key it was so good!
We are not used to se file size in bytes when everything is in kb or mb. SORRY I DID NOT REALIZE THAT ITS THERE IN THE LIST BUT NOT IN GRID FORM,I DIDN'T CHECK THAT THINKING THERE WON'T BE SIMILAR THUMBNAILS IN THE LIST FORM BUT I WAS WRONG. GIVING FOUR BUT WILL COME BACK TO GIVE FIVE! And its picture viewer is really faster than others. Actually i can't resist giving 5 for this. Great work.
We are not used to se file size in bytes when everything is in kb or mb. SORRY I DID NOT REALIZE THAT ITS THERE IN THE LIST BUT NOT IN GRID FORM,I DIDN'T CHECK THAT THINKING THERE WON'T BE SIMILAR THUMBNAILS IN THE LIST FORM BUT I WAS WRONG. GIVING FOUR BUT WILL COME BACK TO GIVE FIVE! And its picture viewer is really faster than others. Actually i can't resist giving 5 for this. Great work.
This app is supreme  I don't know why android comes without a file manager!?
great app! operates as advertised. good jod.
Very useful does everything needed on sgs4g
Super
yup nice !
Another new phone, and one of the 1st apps installed is this. I literally would have a clogged phone, no hair and no idea where anything in my phone was without this beauty. I loveded you app. Xperia Pro
Another new phone, and one of the 1st apps installed is this. I literally would have a clogged phone, no hair and no idea where anything in my phone was without this beauty. I loveded you app. Xperia Pro
Great app to extract rar and zip files...
برنامج مهم لكل جهاز
That's it!
Bagus
Bagus
Muy Buena
Love this app. Must give 5 star
This app does everything and more of what I need it to do. Check it out!
This app does everything and more of what I need it to do. Check it out!
U should have this app
Always the best filemanager app
Works well
Great app. Kinda slow sometimes but efficent
Android has a great many "file management" apps.  Astro is one often imitated but never matched! (or beaten)  This update makes it even better!  The app is very powerful but is relatively forgiving of user error.
Simple n very easy to understand
Awesome!
Works great on Motorola Atrix
Works great on Motorola Atrix
Good j
It's so easy and simple to use. No freezes and no lags
I RECOMMEND THIS.!!
Works great. Nice graphics. Easy to understand
Perfect for my android.
Perfect for my android.
Easy to use the best file manager on the market
The best , but it will be cooler will a search ability added
Great easy to use
Great easy to use
Great app really useful
I got this app, but why can't SHARE VIA bluetooth, facebook, etc.
Yay
User friendly, easy to move files around and has a app backup. Fantastic program!
Packed with all necessary features
Great job.
A must have app
Very Cool
Best
Best
Outstanding features love it
Outstanding features love it
Awesome !!! App works great on my galaxy Y and Helpful !!
Works great on my Oxonian and Galaxy S 2. Really quick for copying files from my network share to internal or external SD.  Great work and thank you.
Best file manager!
Best file manager!
Best file manager!
Best file browser on android
HAD IT SINCE THE CRAPPY LAYOUT NOW IT'S BEAST. RUNNING ON ICS !!!!:)) LOOKS AWESOME KEEP UP THE WORK !!
The best yet!
;)
Great apps!!
Can do wonderful stuffs. Thanks to the developers!
Love this app. Had it on Hero, now on EVO 3D.
Good job
Thanks to this app I was able to recover pics lost to the dreaded Thunderbolt curse. So easy to use!
good app
I never post comments on apps but this app is worthy of it. I love Astro cause I can open it up and clean out every part of my phone.
I was looking for something to manage my files/dirs sdcard etc and this does a great job of it.  Recommended
Great tool for file management & it's free.
Great tool for file management & it's free.
Ssuper
Sony  Live with walkman This app is veryfine . It have backup
Nice its use full
Ugly, cluttered and slow. Used to be my go to file manager, no I'm looking for alternatives.
Very versatile
So far so good!
So far so good!
Quick, easy to learn.
Real good app
Good for reviewing storage capacity usage...
Good for reviewing storage capacity usage...
Cool app
Extremely useful *****/*****
Absolutely everything you need and want for personal file browsing and editing.
Awesome
Awesome
Easy and free
Coooool app... must  download
It's an easy to use file manager...
Easy to use tool.
Great file manager - get it while it's still free!
It sure beats using a computer when I'm not home. Works very well on my captivate.
You absolutely need this app
I couldn't download flash drive with new android tablet, this software works for the beginner
Has changed my life.
Love to see one problem resolve
I love this its better than linda
I love the shortcuts I can leave on my home screen cuz of this app =)
Good one
Awesome
Excellent file browser!!! Particularly, the application back-up tool helps me backing up rarely used apps to sdcard, so that I can reinstall them when required.
Nice
Can't find anything that is on the SD card
I've spent the first 4 weeks of owning my android looking at all the various applications. This is by far the best file manager I have found. You don't really think much about selecting multiple files until you have tried selecting them on an android.  Check the other file managers for yourself and see how few of them provide this feature. There are many other features too numerous to mention here. All I wanna know is how do I pay for this to get rid of the commercials.
Simply superb
Oooooo
I've been using this app for years across multiple phones and it has never disappointed.
This thing does everything you well love it there are some bugs but nothing too big overall 10/5
Its a great app to have
Its a great app to have
Astro is a realy nice work in my any cell... I like it.
Smart design, easy to use. Without this app you'll need to connect your phone to a computer to easily move, rename, change files.
Your AP is very good. BUT it will not allow editsafter file has opened and closed. Says file is "read only". This is really causing me a lot of files since there are files I repeated update. Sure wish u would fix that problem. Or does your file Myrtle automatically change all files to PDF. I ask that bkz at times files have failed to open bkz not PDF file.
Awesome
Nice application
Nice application
Superb...  Best of all
After using the clunky unimpressive pre- installed manager I looked at the ratings and decided to try this one. I'm glad I did everything about this seems logical and fits my requirements. Try it you won't be disappointed.
Does what it says...with the best UI of all file managers I've tried. I love it!
very cool
This is a must for android users.
Absolutely love it. Keeps all my files on check and organized.
Mast h yar ........
Awesome!
I've been using it for over a year and it does exactly what it's supposed to. It's a must have app.
Great app for android must have all in one. ...
Like the search feature when looking for a file.
works good in my acer iconia 200, it works grear reading my external hard drive
Simple and brilliant....enough said.
Awesome!! So ez to use
Clean and easy to use.
very nice!!!!
Супер р Еееее
Awesome program great way to truely keep my Droid clean.
Awesome program great way to truely keep my Droid clean.
I can find my files quickly, easier to use than file manager that came with my phone
Works great! Came on LG esteem & love it!
Works well...
Works well...
App enables you to do all file and storage related functions
i wish it could just show a list of available smb servers.
i wish it could just show a list of available smb servers.
Love this app and keep finding new things it can do.  For example, you can use ASTRO to create home screen shortcuts to files on your phone.  First tap on the installed apps button (the circle with squares in it above the home key at the bottom of the screen). Then tap the Widgets tab at the top of that screen and search for the ASTRO icon (a folder with an orange A). Long hold on that icon and drag it to the home screen.  When you lift your finger, the standard ASTRO browser will appear. Navigate to the file you want a shortcut to and tap on it. A window asking you to name the shortcut appears. Enter a name and tap OK. YOU'RE DONE!  Love it.
Works well. Easy to use.
Fine app.
Fine app.
احسن برنامج بعدة يجي الاكسبلورر
I,m looking for an app like this and this is great.thanks...
No complaints.
What more can you ask for.
Bravoo
Easy and simple to use....
I would recommend this toold for android use, enjoy the colourful themes
Awsome
Its such an amazing & fantastic application indeed.
I love it
My parents say me to remove all the games frm mobile but after removing games i can reinstall them as i have astro my saver
User friendly
User friendly
Thank goodness someone thought to make a good file exployer. Thanks!!!
Use it all the time to move all my porn pics from the main camera and downloaded folders into private ones! Thanks!! Keep the app simple guys!!
Use it all the time to move all my porn pics from the main camera and downloaded folders into private ones! Thanks!! Keep the app simple guys!!
Stars
Couldn't be without this app...best by far!
Cheers
V nive
Top
Top
i lke the app
Best of all
Just great yo!
Just great yo!
U need this to keep all your phone files organised, excellent and easy to use.
Has followed me through all my phone changes. A must have!
Excellent
Best mobile file management application...especially for media organization. Thanks
All important functions are available.
All important functions are available.
Nice app
Nice app
Would highly recommend.
This is an app that I have been looking for. It does exactly what I want it to do. Sweet!!!!
Great app! Easy , intuitive, and full featured. Just what I was looking for to manage my files. Opened a big hole of empty space on my SD card.
Undoubtedly the best in the market..its free ..its simple..its extensive. You wouldn't want more..thank you for developing this wonderful app..really appreciate it
Very helpful.
Very helpful.
Love it!
Power app! Great job!!!
Very good application manager. Provides variety of essential services and backsup applications as needed.
Use it in conjunction with Bluetooth transfer and share apps.
its play most video.....thank u very much to astro team.....
Does a great job, would be good if you could swipe between pics, instead of viewing one at a time.
I love this app
This is one of the most useful application that I have come across. It helps you in managing all your stored files in a proper way so that you don't have to waste time to find a particular file from the clutter.A must download app which deserves nothing less than a 5 star rating.
I suck that i paid for this free app at the local store. But whatever this app is worth a few bucks.  One of the must have apps. XD
Work great
I tried naming a folder ".nomedia" to speed up the media scanning process and it made all my pictures and music invisible. Astro let me delete that folder and now I have everything back *phew*
I tried naming a folder ".nomedia" to speed up the media scanning process and it made all my pictures and music invisible. Astro let me delete that folder and now I have everything back *phew*
This apps help me when i need to manage file-file in my phone.. arigatou
Get this
My friend put this app on my phone a couple of months ago, however I just recently started becoming familiar with it; it's a one stop shop type of deal... Everything that is downloaded to my phone goes thru this app... As a result, a bunch of memory has been freed up on my phone... Great app...
Does what it says it does. What more do you want.
Nice app
Without a doubt this is the single most best file management app you will ever need! Its so easy and useful!  You can do pretty much anything that you could do on a PC. That being said, if you need a handy app for organizing files and much more, then look no further. :) A++
Handy..
I love it because its a super easy way to manage my files
Does what it says.
Anyone that knows what they are doing will love this app!!!
I highly appreciate this application. This is a must in every mobile phone, I think.
Looks like a computer
very nice
Cool... It's really a great file manager app. :-)
Feature rich.
This app is excellent & incorporates a lot of different Very Useful features!
Nice app.
Full
It's a good app. It's very easy. I can access my all data just one click.It's better to take backup. I love it.
Excelent
Love it! It is like windows!
Works great
Needed to delete some 100 songs from my Android Music folder.  Would have had to delete each song one at a time - were it not for ASTRO File Manager!
Lost w/ o this app! Its the best for "beginners" and android "dummies" kept getting error codes reg my device storage- love how easy it is to delete the "junk"- awesome, thanks so much!
Lovely lovely :-)
Brilliant for travel....all my notes and booking forms on one place...in my hand.
Brilliant for travel....all my notes and booking forms on one place...in my hand.
Sweet
A must-have no matter what phone you have
A handy lill app
Probably the best file manager for android.
Great
A
Perfect File manager...
Great app. It makes all the utilities such as folders,programs,music files etc easier to manage.
Terrific app a must have!
I was finding problems to send a .PDF file first but now it seems to be one touch away. LITERALLY A AWESOME APP.
Fix it soon pls
I love this app. It helps me back up all my files in one click . So easy, wow.
User interface very attractive and easy to select file through gmail app.
So easy to use!
This app rock...
I love this app
Best app
Hope that external memory card can be hidden too in future.... LG user
Must have
Works really well but in a couple of cases the app has caused a couple of files to be corrupted and automatically removed from your phone so watch out
Perfect and free ;)
Claims to have network support, however opening remote files is not supported making the feature useless. 1 star.
Not bad
Not bad
Not bad
Great app
Good
One of the most easy explorer with clear ui
Extremely useful & user friendly!! Thanks for making it easy to manage files :)
This is the best file manager app....been using it since i first got an android phone
Awesome !!!!!
When something is cool, it is simply cool! And works great :) easy 5*
So good
Wa wa
Cool
Very easy to use. Backup works well and is best for changing phones. Quick and easy to navigate round directories
UI layout can be better designed to match android OS
Hi, I love your file browser, keep doing hreat work! Though, I have an error installing the update on my Lg optimus 2x with android 2.3... maybe you coul fix it, thanx!
Does what it says well.
A simply stunning application!
A simply stunning application!
Best Of Best
Awesome.
Awesome.
Legit easy app
Legit easy app
Best file manager on the market. Includes tons of awesome features.
let's me see and do everything I need with it 5 stars
Awesome
This or ES file manager & you won't get any better
Love thia app. Finally I can search for a document stored on my phone.
GREAT APP
Period.
It is a nice app but there should be added options for searched files to copy, cut, delete, move etc.  Then it is fulfilled application i think
Works Properly even on my 2.1 android htc wildfire.... swan
I uninstalled due to the overhead of reporting home.
I have yet to find anything I dislike on it!!
I have yet to find anything I dislike on it!!
Tried a bunch. This one is the best by far. Great work.
i use this app instead on the google supplied file manager
Muito pratico.. Leve e com uma função vital... a do bkp dos apk.. Vc restaura teu android de fabrica e la se vai todos seus app embora. Com o astro vc cria um bkp e depois é só reintalar direto do teu cartao d memoria, sem precisar fazer download denovo.
A must have for Android
I like this software
Excellent app.
Very nice
Worth a download!
Love this app very very useful gonna buy the prokey soon.
Great app for cleaning up phone
Overall a good application
Well done! Add more themes please! What a great app
God gifted the people who made this app. Thank you Jesus!
gio
Works great, this file manager is legit
Thx
First class, once you get a handle on the logic. Then it's a piece of cake. Luvit!
Does what i need it to! Love it
A must for any android
Says what of does. No problems here.
keka......
Does what it is supposed to do. Excellent application.
The best file manager on the market
Thanks, makes file management all that much easier.
Thanks, makes file management all that much easier.
Great
Dad am ton.....
Brings decent file manipulation to the phone
Best thing until root explorer :P
I recommend strongly.
Like it a lot.
Easy to use, makes sense of what is in my phone & even a dummy like me can organize my files. T
Thank you tons I needed to delete files from my quick office app. I couldn't do it from my pc for some reason! You rock!
Great design! easy to find and move files.
Helps a lot
Cool
Good app
It's ok.but force closed.
The best file manager for my cell....
Nice app!
the best file manager out there.can do it all
love it
love it
Can't tell you how much I use your program! Thanks!
Really good app
Fits my needs, is quick, never crashes, and very useful
It's the best file man :-)
That's great apps.....
Awesome app shud be downloaded
Good job
Works well with my HTC flyer,now very easy to manage files and apps.
Works well with my HTC flyer,now very easy to manage files and apps.
User interface is very user friendly making it a must have for all neat freaks like me that "need" proper organization lol.
Great app I love it zip my file perfectly
It's pretty good and easy to use.
The shiiiiiiiiit
Causes errors when moving big files to external drives, I lost 8 gb worth of pics.
Does exactly what it's supposed to without any stupid wtf's :)
Awesome app. makes it a lot easier to look up my files.
Must have app
Your software is best one Thanks
very nice app..
Very versatile and user friendly
Love It.  Fantastic app to explore files. Themes are a great touch. The only issues I have are the home directory keeps reverting to the default, and the theme continues to revert back to default. Kinda annoying. That said, works awesome on my D4.
The best ever!!!!
Easy to use and works real fast thanks! !!!
Goooooood :)
Goooooood :)
Awsome I like this application..
No words to say, it perfomance !!
Nothing best and easier than this, to arrange and manage your files. It's great!
Great android apps
Works like a gem....
kam tas pradzios ekranas?  man tik reikia kad sisteminius folderius rodytu. naudoju ankstesne versija. ji daug greitesne ir paprastesne.
good and need for android
Super useful application..install it.
Love it. Very difficult to think of anything to complain about or ask for so... I think this is perfect!
Best file manager.  Throw in application back up and task killer and you have one of my 'must have' apps. Use on both my phone and tablet.
Supercool everything  Iwas looking for.
Really useful. Works well.
Really useful. Works well.
This is the only application you need! But tell me.....WHERE IS THE STUPID EXIT BUTTON? ???? i have to keep pressing back,back,back until the application exits
Great App
...but where's the EXIT button guys c'mon. :-(
It works good with HTC de.hd
I find the features this app has to be very useful and very user friendly.
Been using this app since almost day 1. Never had any issues and is an absolute essential for any  Android user.
Ho
it does what it says...love it! keep up the good work developers, kudos to you guys
very nice app!!!!
Very gud
SUPERB APP.
SUPERB APP.
Great app
This App is Awesome. This is a must. Organize your files in an instant. 5 Stars all day long.
A must have app
Best app ever use.
aftet upgrade it didnot open on galaxy ace uninstall and install it then works.
Generally it is a useful app..but the user interface can be further improve to make it looks more elegant..
Perfect
Perfect
Great application on my HTC give 5 stars.
Best app available for android. But if password protection is there, it would be even more superb
Works great!
Best in the world
This is by far the best application that I have used for browsing my device and finding that one file that I seemed to have misplaced.  Great job developers.
Needs an upgrade.....organisation
Awesome.
Its just like Windows Explorer and more!
im using sony xperia sola, astro file mgr works great for me.
Great app. No problems. Super easy to use.
Very good but needs a button to exit
Best app for controlling files!
Amazing
Good...
Love it because I can create folders to organize all my pictures.
This App is Awesome! It allows me to organize everything and easily access them!
I really enjoy this app. I am able to get to files on my memory and delete unnecessary files.
Not very Good
Best file explorer app.
Best file manager you will find
The easiest and best way to organize files and open apk files.had this app for 2 years and has gotten better with time. HTC Rezound
Good job big boy!!!! Thanks guys for this excellent app.
A great app ! Love it !
As always, works great!
I really love this app...gr8 job guys..
One of the first,and definitely most useful apps I have ever downloaded. Just had to take a minute to give these guys the long overdue credit deserved.
Just what  I needed great file browser.
Job creating this app love that u are always fixing the bug
An excellent program, gives.you very good control over your files, great for backing up your apps / programs, copy, past & move feature very useful after downloading a file as it can be moved easily, a lot of thought has gone into this program to make it user friendly. GREAT WORK.
Sweet app
Able to  completely restore my apps using Astro... Great app.
Able to  completely restore my apps using Astro... Great app.
One of the best file managers around
One of the best file managers around
Fast deep searches of phone data and more
Love what these guys do.
I've been using this app every once in a while, and it's never disappointed. Thanks, devs!
Can't ask for more and It's free ,enough said.
Title says it all, should be bought by Google and made a part of android!
Awesome
Works great
Amazing
Wish they had a duplicate finder. Great stuff!
The file explorer part is nice enough, but I've been using it to back up apps, and it has big weaknesses. Packages take forever to load and it will not batch install apps. After every install it goes back to the backup screen which takes at least a minute to load.
Simple to navigate. Excellent work developers...keep the good work
Best app manager file i ever had!
The ONLY con is cant play remote files. Has to download them first.
The ONLY con is cant play remote files. Has to download them first.
So far so good. Hoping these guy's won't be hacking my phone. Lol. If Microsoft.made an explorer for Android, it would be very similar to this.
Grat
Five starts for this file manager. And perfect with the SMB and the Bluetooth modules. Now I can easily exchange files between my home network and my phone. Just don't understand why the app itself is compatible with both my phone and tablet, but the ASTRO File Mgr Pro (key) shows incompatible with both tablet and phone.
Must have !! Without this a smart phone is not smart!!!
Excellent app I
i loved this app its good
Outstanding application for those of us that lives by our mobile devices. User friendly and gets the job done.
I can manage files. Thanks
It's good
Love astro easy to use and works great...
Have used on 2 phones now. Best kind on market
Good
Good
Been using this one 4 quite some time on desire hd, now also using it on Transformer TF101. Works perfect on both, never had a single problem.
Very good but, slow...
Works for me, excellent app
This is really simple, this is the first file manager i've used and I really like it, straight forward and easy to use, Thank You.
A Simple EXIT button will help a lot. Coz if I press back to exit it takes me through all the previously opened folders. Hope that I'm not the only to face this problem
Awesome and an absolute must have for anyone with an Android device!
Used this to transfer apps from phone to a cheap tablet with no app store access.  Backs the apps up to sd card, then take sd out, put in tab and then restore onto tab mem.
Its a realy cool app I love it
Me just loving it . .. Use it regularly for app backup and restore and create Apk files..
Works great
Never had a problem!
This app has helped me way to much to deserve anything less than 5 stars! It's so useful in all of its features.
This app allows me to easily catagorize and file all my gay, shemale, ladyboy, and trannsexual porno neatly and orderly.  Thanks asstro!
Awesome app to have
Ase browser or ase software or banao
Awesome app!
Awesome app!
Title says it all
best that i have used.
Great tool to manager all the misc stuff as well as the important but hard to find stuff!
Probably the best for Android.
I have not purchased this game and now i will not because when it first came on the market it was 99¢ now it is $2.99.
Excellent
I like it
Good, multi-tool utility.
It's so reliable and works like a breeze
Best file manager around.
Just like the stars....excellent.
Great help!
Great help!
Great help!
Don't know why you got rid of the use as function! It won't let me select any sound file as a ringtone any longer, do not like!
Don't know why you got rid of the use as function! It won't let me select any sound file as a ringtone any longer, do not like!
It takes like 30 mins to read the directries.  the older version was really good, the new one is not even user friendly.
It takes like 30 mins to read the directries.  the older version was really good, the new one is not even user friendly.
I kept getting a very annoying Low Volume on storage space so I downloaded this app and it fixed it! Droid Razr Maxx
Veryy useful app
Love the app killer
This is very useful
Very good application
Great application  5 stars
Really good. Finds somthing lost!!!
Nice
Nice
Excellent  work
Great File Man
Really helpful, it not possible to play songs as per the folders I had created in any of the player. Astro helped me now I can play a playlist as per my folders, really helped. Thank you.
great app does what it needs to do and not very difficult to use.
great app does what it needs to do and not very difficult to use.
Really good file manager
Really good file manager
Really good file manager
Really good file manager
Just what i needed
Most usefull well responsiveable and reliable app ever, never ever has it crashed, keep up the good work dev
Fantastic program, why can't the phone just come with it instead of the VZW garbage apps?
Fantastic program, why can't the phone just come with it instead of the VZW garbage apps?
Ever useful, great app. But a few parts need additional bit developing to improve it maximal.
yeah!
Awesome App.
I was so stressed last night searching for the right way to make a hidden file on android. Im just a new android user n i was using blackberry before which is very easy to hide any private files. So i thought android gonna be really bad if it doesnt provide this important function. Right after l googled it, I discover this amazing apps. Tq astro...
Great app love it thanks
Free, does a great job, lots of added tools, simple to use. Great addition to phone
ไม่มีที่สิ่งใดจะ ติว่าไม่ดีเลยแม้แต่น้อย
Just what i needed
Best of the best
I love this app more than my girl.....lol.  Its great..
Very useful interface, wish I'd found it earlier!
Great app.
I have used some of the file managers that are here in the marketplace and this one is by far the best one I have used.
Makes using my phone so much easier!!!
Awesome app install now works great
FUNBOOK  PR  MUST have.
500 stars
This is one smart app
One of the best
Works good
Easy and recommended
Great file management app ever
Life saver on this worthless thunderbolt.
easy,  nice layout,  love it
easy,  nice layout,  love it
I find the nav bar ui to be getting a little old and cumbersome. There are file managers out there with root access and better ui. The ability to access my nas keeps me coming back.
I find the nav bar ui to be getting a little old and cumbersome. There are file managers out there with root access and better ui. The ability to access my nas keeps me coming back.
Best app to manage files in android phone
The best
Made life easy to handle..
Made life easy to handle..
Doesn't open any more.
How to install gamecihv3 without error
Now i can browse my phone memory
I couldn't find files on my HTC One I wanted to delete. Astor was so easy to use & I found & deleted thew files in no time at all. Highly recommended!
I couldn't find files on my HTC One I wanted to delete. Astor was so easy to use & I found & deleted thew files in no time at all. Highly recommended!
Easy to use, and find items great app.
I liked it...coool
good app for hacking other apps
good app for hacking other apps
I use it a lot
Great
Nice and very usefull app
Good job!
Top notch
Definitely useful and easy to navigate. A must for smartphones. The new UI visuals are awesome.
It best nothing save
Didn't know I had so many files on my phone. Crashed trying to open some pics, but otherwise very user-friendly Samsung Galaxy S
When I insert my SD card into the kiosk at my local Walgreens I see that I have 1000s of photos even though the DCIM file has around 50. I wish I could use Astro to find these other images on my phone so I can delete them. Any tutorials from Astro on how to use the app to accomplish this?
Great
LG phones are easily hacked.....IT MAKES ASTRO FREEZE AND LOCK UP . IT WONT  DELETE FOLD THAT ARE DATED 1969.
.
Making my phone exponentially more useful since '11
Saved me so i could install old app that no longer can be downloaded
Easy and user friendly also fast
Great app, First app I put on Razr.
Best
mantaf application
Runs flawlessly on my SE Xperia Neo V,ICS.
Very gud
Been using this on my android for months, not bothered to see if there's a better app coz I think it'd be time wasted!
Superb
Excellent !
Ban nay dug kha tot cac ban nen dug thu.
Extremely cool apps. Must hv! Easy, simple n fast to backup apps. User friendly
The 'What's New?' section has not updated although the app has. It is the same for past 2 updates. :-(  Please let us know what's new.
The 'What's New?' section has not updated although the app has. It is the same for past 2 updates. :-(  Please let us know what's new.
Good job.
it always impprove make u cant any reason uninstall it
it always impprove make u cant any reason uninstall it
Simple.easy.great.awesome :)
Simple.easy.great.awesome :)
A task manager that works
Helps in managing my files ..... Love it
Was crazy looking how to delete files on my sd card, until find this App. Very easy to use.
Lab eeet
Best android tool ever.
good
Its an excellent app so far I have seen.... keep going
It is the best app to manage your files...thanks developers.
Very slick app. Well done!
This is my 1st tym to use astro. And it fits me. Bcos it so easy to use. Keep it up astro! Nice apps. ^^
I can not work without it
EVO 3D can beat up Chuck Norris. And Astro is fast and smooth again.
This app continues to get better and better. It's really easy, straightforward and the menu's are so conscise. There's no clutter or add spams anywhere.   I strongly recommend this app. 10/10.
Works flawlessly.
Everything is perfect xcept those blue scary icons
Very useful app
Xperia Ray ICS simply the best i've tried!
One of the best
Earlier versions wasn't user friendly 4 beginners like me but recent updates has made this app AWESOME!!!! Now navigating is very easy and because of this app I've learn how to maximize the use of my phone. Loving it.
Easy to use. Everything and more from what you would expect from a file manager.
Works with olive office to transfer computer files and use on phone
Don't see how anyone can manage their phone without this kind of app. This one is the best one out there!
I've tried several others but keep coming back to this one.
I use this app almost everyday and with each update it works and look better and better.
I use this app almost everyday and with each update it works and look better and better.
It works great. I have a LGg2x and its smooth working I use it a lot for managing new apps I. Want to install.
Great app for keeping files  cleaned-up, backed-up, and organized.  Performs as promised. :)
I am pleased with Astro file manager, it does a good job!
This is a Dam good app everyone needs this
Ths is th bst file manager till now........
Don't know why Android doesn't let you move files around this easily.  Must have for organizing files.
Very usefull app. It does so much, I didn't know I needed it until I used it.
Very usefull app. It does so much, I didn't know I needed it until I used it.
Very usefull app. It does so much, I didn't know I needed it until I used it.
I love this app
Great, exactly what I was looking for - EVO -
Great way to stay organized on the go.
Superb:-D
Great great, about to upgrade
I can't copy or move files.
I can't copy or move files.
Good graphical interface and self explanatory. A doddle to use.
I realy like it !!!
I realy like it !!!
This is by far the most useful app on my Xoom! I use it all the time! Love it.
Simply superb!!!!!
Great
Best file manger on android!
Great! very easy to use. Keep update!
It's good enough for a free app.
Never had any major issues with it. Very reliable. Easy to get the hang of.
Highly recommended for backups and file management
Giờ mới biết . Android không có quản lí file
Great program...
Very good app
Lost without this great app. Works well as promised.
Berry easy and verry good
Even unzips files
Love it phone works so much better
Tốt
The best file manager for Android ! :-)
Lovely...
It does all the things...best file managr evr...
Excellent apps. Keep it up.
Best file manager I've ever used!!!
Its great
Excellent app. No PC needed to organise files. Keep up the good work guys.
Easy to use app. Does what it says. Makes it easy to load apk files without a computer.
It's the best app in the play store
Great app
For a non-rooted phone this is a necessary app, even for rooted devices too. This app performs great never crashes and always supports the copy paste functionality. I'm running unofficial stock ICS for Samsung GS2SR. But it has also ran perfectly on any other phone.
Does everything I want out to do. Absolutely fantastic
Works perfect on my x8
انصح الكل ينزله ممتاز جدا بكل المقاييس
This is one of those useful tools that you might expect to find preloaded on your phone. It amazes me that companies don't do this, but Astro is the best app out there!!
Must have app.
Very handy and is worth purchasing pro edition
Very handy and is worth purchasing pro edition
Works great! Thanks
Good
I have been looking for a good file manager for a very long time.  I have installed over 15 different file managers and this one by far is the best.  It looks confusing at first but when you look at the layout, it is very convenient.  I only install file managers with the 4+ stars and some of the paid ones are not as good as this.  I was getting annoyed because it was difficult to get a good GUI as a file manager/explorer and this one is it.  All other file managers have been uninstalled
Been using this app a while now and not had any problems with it,helps keep all my files in order so I can go straight to where I want and saves me messing about great apps to have and would recommend.
Really fix the mess
Use it every day
Its very good file management
The best file manager in the world.Awesome!
Make folders on ur phone SD card and move files around. This is a must have app for any power user.
Never have a problem.
Excellent app
If it's easy for me, it really must be easy because i'm old & get confused easy!
A good, powerful, and free file manager is what every power user needs, so thank goodness for ASTRO. It's just as useful as Windows Explorer, has all the features I could ever want, loads quickly, runs without crashing, and is reliable day after day. I just wish it looked a little nicer: start by applying the Android Holo design principles. Also, for some reason, I can't make bookmarks, so if you could fix that, I'd greatly appreciate it.
I love this! Easy to use! I couldn't live without it.
Most useful app on my HTC. Great app
Excellent and getting better all the time.
Really could do with a task killer widget though, abit time consuming going through the whole app to kill some stuff
Really could do with a task killer widget though, abit time consuming going through the whole app to kill some stuff
Very useful for managing files
Nice but laggy. ES File Explorer is better
Thanks for the well made app. Does what it claims to do.
I have used a couple, this is best one for me...... thank you
big thanx, dev!
big thanx, dev!
Lame
Great program
Works as described. That's all that I need
I just want to say good application...... :)
Great app
Excellent app.
Good manager nice options
Good manager nice options
Pretty nice
Just what I needed to straighten up my SD CARD!
I use this app all the time.   The best file manager out there.   Thank you for keeping the app updated.
Awsome
great  !!!!!!! No 1 file manager on google play !!!
I've been using it for the last 2 years and I've loved everything that I can do with this app.
I've been using it for the last 2 years and I've loved everything that I can do with this app.
Great applic.!
:-)
After the last update, it takes awhile for the astro to start  Xperia x10
Got it!!!!!! Good!!!!!!
Awesome!
Very usefull application. Its just awesome.
Can now connect to home network shares and copy anything back and forth from my phone.
So convenient
So convenient
Good tool.....
Love the new version. Now it's easier to navigate and organise my files.
all my android device have astro fileman... it is the best!  edit : lol.. typo :p
Prolly the most useful app on playstore!  Xperia Pro
I use this all the time to move my pictures from one file to another. And I can do this SO easerly! ASTRO is quick and reliable, need a hand with your phone filing?! Then this is your app! :)
Absolutely the best!
Not as confusing as the manger on my programed in my phone
Desire s cyanogenmod9 mod 9 ics,
This is the best File Manager App EVERRRR!
A must have app
I hate having to use this app for certain things, root explorer is sooooo much faster
Good app.
Good app.
Very good file manager
Love diz app,it waz recommend by verizon,I just wish I knew how 2 operate it,Thank U,I hav 6000 pic n lik 5000g/emailz,need 2 clean up filez,lol
I can attach any file I want to an email - no hassle, no problem!
Easy to use and reliable. Recommended! Jonathan.
Excellent app!
Simply the best one out there. Really easy to use, and the UI makes everything look sharp and professional. 5 stars!
Work nice on my phone
Best file management app
This app deserve five star
I love this app....have used it for years and will continue to
I love this app....have used it for years and will continue to
I love this app....have used it for years and will continue to
Love this app works great.!!
Great app, keep updating.
Love it.
Love it.
The one and only file manager I'll use on Android!
Perfect app. 5 star
This app so great and powerfull, very help to manag my files, recomended for that
Easy and intuitive
Very user friendly, does its job well, and love that I can customize and make it purple ;)
Very user friendly, does its job well, and love that I can customize and make it purple ;)
Hopefully could be some improvement can be done to the overall UI/UX.
Easier to make your file managing, be managed.
Great app
Excellent ,the best
Very reliable and easy to use.
This is my best android file browser I have used
I think Astro File Manager should looks like ICS, please.
For those without a file manager it is great.
This is the fastest and most efficient file manager that is both capable and user-friendly. Great job!
Non rooted Rezound, Fire, Tab 1 10.1. Easy to use, great UI, flawless usage.
this is one of the most useful apps on my tablet. htc flyer
Seems ok
Wonderful
Does exactly what it is suppose to. Simple to use.
Use it a1000 times a day. Thanks:)
The best File manager .. ;-)
The best File manager .. ;-)
100 stars! Gracias!
Excellent file manager
Nice app
Best app I have in my phone! :)
Works flawless on my sony xperia mini pro...and the task killer feature is the cherry on the cake...keep it up Devlopers
It does what it claims. No issues till now.
Easy to use
Just couldn't live without this app for my Galaxy S2.
It's so much better ++++ than the file app provided with the phone. One of best apps I use
Like a lot
Great apss
Great apss
Perfect
Perfect
Doesn't do anything. No pictures or files show up in app. Uninstall
Nice work works great.
This is very helpful...
Great
Easy to use, save time
Nice excellent brilliant
I can barely start it and count to 5 before force closing. Xperia arc
Very handy
good and best manger to download
Couldn't have asked for more in a free app! Htc Desire S
This is the only power program that works to save you power properly. You will notice the difference. WARNING - this program isn't for idiots. It may be easy for me to use, but not for the simple minded. They can't see how it helps.
Seems to be pretty functional
If only i could delete oem social media crapware.
If only i could delete oem social media crapware.
Superb app...higly recommended
Excellent free browser with a nice smb add on
It is a very good and useful application... And its FOR FREE!
It is a very good and useful application... And its FOR FREE!
The best for andriod. Period.
The best
Easy to use and understand.
Lots of control put back in the users hands, thanks!
Best one for android...
Top notch explorer like program, great for organizing and moving, zipping, unzipping files
Nice
Gud one
Every android usere have to be download it .it is very very imporant .thanks to the team who bult it.
Have been using this app for a long time.  Keeps getting better.
Quite simply, Astro makes me love using my tablet even more. THIS is what mobile computing is about -- fewer compromises and excuses why you can't do something. With Astro, you can.
Best of all.
Best of all.
The best
Moved onto root explorer, this is still good if you haven't rooted yet, I can only ask why, you are missing so much.
Very nice application
Very nice application
Great app. HelpS me manage my files easier
Best
Best
Absolute awesome! This app helped me optimize my device memory and keep it so much more organized. A++!
This app helped me find out how many apps I can fit on my phone and just plainout is awesome
Super app
Super app
Very Useful!!  HTC Rezound
Very Useful!!  HTC Rezound
Love this app!
Good
I like it.
It is just like having Windows Explorer in your Android phone!
best~
Easy to use file manager!! Love it!!!
Great app, personally I think its the best sd card file manager out on the android market!
Have used others, but ALWAYS come back to Astro. It always works, extremely intuitive to use and is fast.  I've used it on everything from the tiny Xperia Active to a 10.1 inch tab ... and Galaxy S, S2, S3, Note, Xperia Ray and others. Highly recommended !
Amazing application
Amazing application
Super
Good
Awesome tool !  Keep it up team *
Awesome tool !  Keep it up team *
Nice app also work with talk back
It is the best file browser app
Yaaa
I'm using galaxy note..and this app really help to manage my file
I'm using galaxy note..and this app really help to manage my file
Superb file manager.
BEst
Anyone who installs apk files religiously from pc, tablet, etc as I do awa flashing can't live without this app the rest just aren't near as good or user friendly as astro...keep it up..mad props!!!
Very good,I like and will use frequently.
Does everything I could ask for.  Easy navigation,  and very user friendly. A++ software.
Truelly one of the best file managers for me personally.. it just has so much to offer
Second best thing to rooting your phone. Side load apps, move documents, arrange things how you want.
This is the ultimate and the best file manager organizer.
This is the ultimate and the best file manager organizer.
This is the ultimate and the best file manager organizer.
Great app constantly using it and is really handy to kill processes and free up space
Finally one I can delete stuff with. Brilliant
Finally one I can delete stuff with. Brilliant
Finally one I can delete stuff with. Brilliant
Awesome, should come as standard on all Android handsets. So simple to use. Great since the updates
Easy to use yet everything you need in a file manager 5  stars xxxxx
Very good something that I need to keep from searching and trying to redown load my application,s. Thank-you I love this application.
A
Great Just Great
h t c thunderbolt . works great. easy to use. A kid could use this .
Just as i wanted, easy, simple and effective. Great apps, kudos.
Nice application.
No. Problems whatsoever. Well, maybe more themes?
Works great. Let's me see what I needs to see.
I find myself using this more and more. I don't have to connect to my computer as much anymore.
One of the best app. I loved it
This is my best application ever
This is my best application ever
Excellent                       Ok
Excellent                       Ok
Love this app so much! #1 download manager!!
Finally somthing that actually works.
Bravo
Very good
Nice app. Very useful to find files.
It really help me a lot
Saved my notes from old phone when I thought I had lost them forever. Love it!
Great app for managing all kinds of files, great options, easy to use. Very PC like feel, which I like.
Couldn't be without it :)
Great app!
I just loved it
This is perfect for moving, deleting, and renaming files, just love it.
This is perfect for moving, deleting, and renaming files, just love it.
Thanks!
I have tried numerous file manager apps and this is the best thus far. Great interface and brilliant functionality. An essential app!
I like it.... its userfrendly...
Best in its class
Works perfectly
Good.,
I like this app
I like this app
Using it for a while. Gets better with every update, unlike some others
Indispensable app. Should be part of Android. Amazing search function not found in other tools.
Very easy to use n keep ur files manage
There's a reason this is on nearly everyone's Droid.
Application backup is my fave, great job!!!
It is the best file manager
Mission acomplished.
Very good!
Very good!
Been using Astro since 2009. Great file manager.
Awsem many thanx A+++++++
Great app
Perfect for managing files!
hi astro I like you Sam r
Jos
Works great
Works great
Wah,this app good,i want to rate it 5*.but then when i check it there are some app that u cannot rewrite the text and change the game's data.Because of this,i downgrade to 2*.And i need to know where to find the app data i want.reply fast.thx.
Brilliant.
Clunky navigation. Impossible to find files with app for me. It used to work but the recent version has been unworkable for months. Deleted.
This app is the best file manager ever!!
My first review on any app....superb
Highly recommend.
Very usefull app.
You can't live with out this!
Been using his more than a year; it's great.  It was the only thing that could see my SD card when it crashed. Solid Explorer Beta and ES File Explorer are also very good.
Nice UI and app presentstion on functional component to work easily. Like this app.
This app is awesome  very reliable I highly recommend it specially to backup applications
It's simply superb. A great one in fact.
Great!
Awesome application :)
Taking pictures.........easy Down loading files...simple Astro File Manager...PRICELESS!!!
I've been using the app since two years and I love the updates! Keep em coming, you simply are the best!
If u are searching for the file+bluetooth explorer+task killer....then stop here and get this app..... It's really awesome for my HTC wildfire......
Just love it!!!
Best file manager ever , great interface love it 5 star from me
I am a computer tech and I tell you this is a must have app in every android device. FIVE STAR ALL THE WAY* * * * *.
Cool stuff,it easy me to manage...
Saya amat bpuas hati
Benk
Great
Awesome app!
Awesome app!
Still the best!  Being using Astro in all my Android devices. Anything else is not good enough.
Aste of time on ZTE
Top markorop....easy to use
Works a treat, no complaints from me
Perffect
Able to copy ,delete,and move.....perfect for the use on my Toshiba I pad......great job!
Grt
Helps me delete unwanted files that take up space
Easy to use
Great app really found wht i needed
Best fm but it need to suporrt video screen just like image to be perfect
thk u
I hate disorganization.   This app solves that problem.
Muy bueno :D
really good app!
.
Very nice to make backup apps. I love this app.
Efficiently lays every piece if data on one's SD card and allows to copy and paste.files through folders which I found very useful.
Great app! Especially for root users! My gallery wouldn't show all my pics but astro does!
Great app! Especially for root users! My gallery wouldn't show all my pics but astro does!
I Love this app!
Very very helpfull
Very very helpfull
Does what it needs to.do, and I love the search function.
Just amazing, I don't even want to try other similar apps
awesome app
Fantastic! 
P.S. if the app crashes every time you start it just re-install it! Super easy!
Fantastic! 
P.S. if the app crashes every time you start it just re-install it! Super easy!
Each version seems to get better and better
My HTC doesn't come with a file manager, so this is probably the best and most recommended!
Very user friendly, useful in more ways than one from managing files to keeping an eye on your memory status, only downfall is when your checking the memory and you want to see what file uses large memory you have to go into the file manager side to delete it you can't delete from your memory status page, reccomend to anyone though very useful download
Very user friendly, useful in more ways than one from managing files to keeping an eye on your memory status, only downfall is when your checking the memory and you want to see what file uses large memory you have to go into the file manager side to delete it you can't delete from your memory status page, reccomend to anyone though very useful download
Best file manager ! By far
Excellent explorer. Really Appreciate for keeping their words. As promised it is equally competent to windows explorer. No other application can compete against. Best tool for a android device.
Best app ever a must and so user friendly.
Just luv it....
Good
This file app is polished and fast.clearly designed with usability and good features in mind. Kudos. Thx
Stable System Very Reliable
This app has been my go-to file browser for years.
Awesome
easy to use, read, and manage all my files and folder. The theme are amazing and can be change as you like..
Hands down the best file manager app for Android.
Love it
Great app for directly handling files but does have the potential for deleting/changing stuff that should be left alone, so be sure you know what you're doing!
Best all in one file manager app, even for a noob.
Awesome app
Gr8 app
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Gotta have it, gonna love it
This app rocks! I'm very varied in what I listen to, & music is my life. This app finds around 80% of what  I look for & they're always high quality. That's way more than any app i've ever tried before. My only beef is that some songs come through with low volume & others are very loud. I just wish they were all very loud.
Very accessible :)
No comment... hehehe
Works like its sposed to
Works like its sposed to
Best way to see any type of file
Best way to see any type of file
Very good browser
I'm like this app
Excellent..
Excellent..
nice
Totally love this app ...!! 5 stars ...:)
It works great
Superlike, file mnager and task kiler together... Very helpful.. 5star app.. Must have.. Truely essential..!!!
Good work
This app is perfect, does everything I need to manage my phone, simply great
This app is perfect, does everything I need to manage my phone, simply great
This app is perfect, does everything I need to manage my phone, simply great
Like it
Top apss
Ss
Tons of utilities, love app backup and memory usage. Does everything I want
Perfect file explorer
Perfect file explorer
Thanks!
Great app. Comes in handy.
Great file manager !!!  5 stars !
Awesome app when it comes to backing up ur apps (apk) and restoring.
Awesome app
좋다
Brilliant.
Awesome app
This is a great file explorer.
I wish I could rate it no stars this app sucks dick
VERY useful
Absolutely love it.
Absolutely love it.
This is the best Android file manager!
Astro is the best.
Astro is the best.
Great quality app.
This is a great multi function app. Really useful for managing SD card space and apps.
Love this app
the best of the best file manager
Good app..
This app allows you to save app of your apps for future use.it comes in handy
the best
Very good helps me get payed apps for free
Its cool!!
Its cool!!
I Love this application
Satisfying
Thank you :) :)
I use this on an Asus Transformer Prime, and it is far superior to the default management software, and recommend it strongly.  I also use it on my Google Nexus, and it works great there too
Good
Awesome app.
It doing what he says  HTC hd2
Nice
Excellence in all
Superb Gentleman. Its hella lot faster,I can now manage my files properly and fetch my Gmail attachements. Im doing so much more with more Battery life.Thanks again Robert in Reno
Love this file manager ...I will never use another file manager again...
This is incredibly awesome
Very easy to use and helpful.
5*****
So very much needed on the HTC range thanks
try es file explorer
Great app.  It shows u how to use it, so it makes it easy to use.
Very nice app.
so good...
Awesome one
Now, they have made it ultimate user friendly software. I would recommend to everyone. Thanks.
This file app has lots of great features absolutly a must for keeping track of your files.
Good app.
great!
I like this
Can't believe this is free
Can't believe this is free
At it's best
It‘s the best file manager around... it can even access my network files!
Very nice file management app.
Great job devolopers
The most useful, and easy way to manage the data on your SD card. And the free version has full functionality!
Just what l've been looking for- a great detailed view my system. Very intuitive interface
Organization is good n easy to use..:-)
This app was fantastic on my older Adnroid phone. New version of android come with a similar program so no need for it now.
Excellent app, worked as expected.
The older version allowed for files to be marked as private and password protected.  No longer able to do this in new version.    To make matters worse, cannot reverse previously "privatized" files from older version.
The older version allowed for files to be marked as private and password protected.  No longer able to do this in new version.    To make matters worse, cannot reverse previously "privatized" files from older version.
This app is smart. Easy and simple to use. It does what a file manger should do and more without foreclosing. 5 Stars
No better than this
All that i need
All that i need
A must have app... Love it.
Love it!
New updates slowed it down.
Very good app
Exactly what you expect
Does what it says. Awesome.
Simple n smart
I like it !!!
This is a great app for Finding and deleting backups and files that aren't shown.
Easy to use and very well made
The second I opened this app I knew I was one to a winner.easy to use  and understand
This app is a MUST for any android users!! thumbs up!
Have used Astro for a long time and thought it was a 5 star app - until now. It still works on ICS but can't access preferences or settings. At least not that I can find. Okay, found preferences button at the top but there isn't a menu button to pull up tools. And splash screen will not go away even when checked to not show.  Update - works okay on Galaxy Tab 2 - 7 but with some problems. Works perfectly on Evo 4G LTE.
Wow! Perfect file browser app  so far I so love it plus it for its ability to view all my photos whereas my phones own gallery browser hangs at times...i rate it at five compared to all other file browsers tht I have tried...keep up the great work.:/kudos.
Great app!
Great app!
Works wonders on Xperia S
Does all I need and more
Its very important for android phones......
Excellent app ,simplifies file management
It is free!!!
This is very usefull and its an amazing app
excellent
Spent an hour organizing photos with software, clumsily and unintuitively, but effectively.  Now gallery crashes after scrolling thru a few images in any of the new folders.
Everything I could want from a file management app. Works perfectly, no complaints. Since it ain't broke then please don't fix it! (Desire Z, 2.3.3)
Great app, easy to used & NO pit falls!
Perfect file management system,  easy to use and clear to read
Intuative and simple to use. great app
Easy to used..tq..
Can't go wrong with this one.
Itz gud
Easy to use. I like it very much
Fantastic
I know I only use a portion of its capabilities but it's worth it just for the search function.
One of my favourite application.. very useful
Aplicativo bem completo. A interface ficou muito boa.
Aplicativo bem completo. A interface ficou muito boa.
Still the best file explorer tool for android
Does not work on sensation Its fake
Can't work without this app. Thank you. The best.
Once you get the hang of it its a very useful thing to have
Best
What would I do if I had to have access to computer every time I want to delete a file?
I've tried several apps like this one.  None came close to the ease of use that this one has.
Every since the update it has added so many more features I use daily. Makes me want to buy the Pro key, me thinks.
Nice
Wondurful app
Makes my galaxy notes feels like my home computer!! Love the control feeling...
Makes my galaxy notes feels like my home computer!! Love the control feeling...
nice
Its total crap :-)
Badazz
Loved the new avataar
wonderful app
Saved the day!!!
Saved the day!!!
terbaiiik!!!!!!!!
VERY easy to use and does more what you need...very fast 5 stars!!!
The SMB module is awesome! Thanks for a great app.
The SMB module is awesome! Thanks for a great app.
Good apps.thq
Fast. Simple. Easy
This is an app that you wouldn't want to be without
Awesome file manager
This app does what I need to do.
This app does what I need to do.
Amazingly great does exactly what it says.
Love it I've used it since day one and on every device
Great app
Cool
Great app!
Love it!
Stupid thing keeps force closing
Great app. Completely recommend it
Allows you to do everything you need regarding File management.  Multi-select works great, and it includes an app backup and task killer utility.  Excellent for a free app.
This is the best program ever.  Snuff said.
Jus great
Great app let's you review your information easily and awesome looks. Incredible apk.
Top app made my phone so much more better
Sexy app.... Works wonders for me
Super
5 stars. It lets you do everything.
Excellent
Nice app huh!!
Does exactly what it says. Excellent for organising SD card.
Thanks! Keep it up guys!
It does more than just let you browse files.
Great
Awesome app and getting better. Great on my HP TouchPad running CM9.
It's as easy as file management in PC
Highly recommended
Have used astro for about a year now and would be lost without it. Use it constantly to access my movies etc.
Brilliant on HTC Desire S
Had it. It got deleted. This version is newer and better. :)
Very very nice. 5*s!!!
Reason if u Google top apps dis one pops up..clean,concise wit very lil bells n whistles..top SD manager hands dwn.ppl.
It has allowed me to handle files on my SD card with ease.
works flawlessly and is very easy to use- strongly recommend.
Copy delete browse, what else do I need?
Ease to used
Easy to use and nice features. Highly recommend.
Just as any other file explorer for Android. Finding shares on the local network is complicated.
Just as any other file explorer for Android. Finding shares on the local network is complicated.
Mast app bro and their sis dwnload it and chill
is nice to c n oso use!!
I absolutely love this app!
Very easy interface.
The Best file manager
I've tried many file managers, and this one is the most stable and best. D2G
Guy
Good app, does what it needs, but gui could take few improvements: option for smaller buttons, less ads. Will be looking for an ap for these reason.
Good app, does what it needs, but gui could take few improvements: option for smaller buttons, less ads. Will be looking for an ap for these reason.
Galaxy nexus
I like how it's very usefull, easy to use.
The Best Eye Ever Had-!
Such a great app guys keep up the great work!
max
Cant think of a more efficient file manager
I have been using this file manager since the beginning of Android. The functionality is AWESOME! It does EVERYTHING you need it to do and more. I love the app backup tool. Its great for keeping backups of apps you don't want to update and they stay on your SD card. Perfect.
Flawless
The only app on which I could figure out how to access my external SD card's contents. Super easy to use! I uninstalled three other apps after I got this one. No need for them anymore. Love, love, love this app! Well done, guys!
Great app nice process clean
Rally good app could be a little easyer to understand for people just learning but otherwise its ***** ;)
Better than officesuite...
I have the xperia a version and it is so fast
Wooooo fantastis
Like this app. It fills a gasp in androids basic apps.
I use it frequently, and there are zero flaws.
I use it frequently, and there are zero flaws.
This app let's you do complex things, but makes it simple!
Now I can manage all my music and videos without the use of a computer. I also can move or copy files from phone internal sd card to removable sd card and then plug removable sd card into my car radio. No need for the middle man anymore (computer). HTC vivid at&t
Now I can manage all my music and videos without the use of a computer. I also can move or copy files from phone internal sd card to removable sd card and then plug removable sd card into my car radio. No need for the middle man anymore (computer). HTC vivid at&t
I use this on all of my devices! Very useful app.
I use it all the time. Never had any problems
Used to be great, but now "application backup" is broken and just hangs on  "loading packages". A shame.
Very convenient and helpful for us to find something as files or pics fast! Well organized and its just pperfect! NO ASTRO NO ANDROID ! ♥
I love this app
I love this app
I love this app
Very nice.Keep it up.
Droid RAZR
Its d best manager ever
Great app
Its one of the first apps I download when I get a new phone
It is a must have for android phones.
I like this app. Very user friendl.
its the best one out
The best for sony xperia S....its awesome:-);-)
Works welll on HTC desire hd
What more can u ask for? Does everything I need in an intuitive easy to use program.
What more can u ask for? Does everything I need in an intuitive easy to use program.
What more can u ask for? Does everything I need in an intuitive easy to use program.
What more can u ask for? Does everything I need in an intuitive easy to use program.
What more can u ask for? Does everything I need in an intuitive easy to use program.
Good app ..
Finds all files smoothly. If you are rating this one and two stars, you don't know how the hell to use it!
g8t app
Very happy because its easy to use.  Thanks  CG
Indispensable
First Class File Folder!!!
This is simply there best
for me, it works better than e default file manager on Galaxy Tab!
Having trouble browsing files on my phone and it solves the problem. It's love at first use. Love the simple but powerful interface.
It's handy and good....
This is the best manager out there
I was able to organize my files :)
Deserves each star.
Gd app work great yeaaa buddy
Love it!
Superb app
Simply awesome!
Great app thank you.
Great app thank you.
This is a really good app.
So easy to use!
simply the best no problems
Great job
Great job
Works great , just had to reset my phone from scratch and it saved all my info .   Thanks guys
Needed to reset factory settings. Works like a charm. And so easy to use.
One of the best and convenient app for me. Thanks!
Exactly what I've been looking for.  I've been so frustrated on both my Lenovo K1 Tablet and my HTC Incredible phone because I couldn't manage my files.  I downloaded my music only to be told I had no music files.  Now I can find everything and put it where I want it.  I recommend it.  Feels like I'm in charge.  Recommend.  Kudos to the developer.
Exactly what I've been looking for.  I've been so frustrated on both my Lenovo K1 Tablet and my HTC Incredible phone because I couldn't manage my files.  I downloaded my music only to be told I had no music files.  Now I can find everything and put it where I want it.  I recommend it.  Feels like I'm in charge.  Recommend.  Kudos to the developer.
Exactly what I've been looking for.  I've been so frustrated on both my Lenovo K1 Tablet and my HTC Incredible phone because I couldn't manage my files.  I downloaded my music only to be told I had no music files.  Now I can find everything and put it where I want it.  I recommend it.  Feels like I'm in charge.  Recommend.  Kudos to the developer.
Could have included a feature to show the copy speeds...
Best app for file management.
There must be many Android file manager apps, but in two years of using an Android phone I haven't felt the need to try any alternative. It's free, and it works quite well, what more could you ask for ?
Best one on the market.
Best application
The app is awesome nd works gr8;) I appreciate diz app nd 5/5 rate..;)
Great
It got all the required features.
This app is so useful and free
Way better than stock file manager..
HTC sensation 4g
Easy to back up everything, easy to manage, and the app itself is self explanatory. Thank you.
Best
Wow! This is fabulous.
Woot!!!!
Amazing for sorting files :-D
Xperia mini, gr8 app
One of most important application for you.. :-)
Does exactly what I need it to do.
Easy to use and works
this is a great app and easy to use thanks for your great work
Great app only down fall for me is it don't offer for contacts but I guess I will use other means for the mean time but great app
Its cool to use..... Awsm file manager
This was an excellent FM app. Only problem is I tried redownloading it and the app is stuck on "installing".
I like this does what it says on tin
I like this does what it says on tin
Awsome
Luv this app..!!!
NOT GOOD GRAPHICS
I have it on a phone and on a tablet... the best
Lost settings and apps as had to reset phone !  Dont update, worked flawlessly before. Chaned to anoth file tool that worked flawlessly
Does what it needs to do
Thanks for the improvements helps me a lot!!!!
I love it!!
Brilliant app very handy
Recommend app for file  management
Great file system app. Using it both on my phone and tablet.
Nice utility app... Also I found one more nice app called "MUtility"
I have this on my acer tablet A200, and I love it. It really helps you find everything, it is more like the PC's my computer.
Get it! RzrMx
LOVE IT! Makes life so easy.
Possibilities are endless
Just want I wanted
Just want I wanted
Best file app
Terbaiik
Straight forward and easy to use.
Cool and its free
Used this program for a year now...
This is the best
Untouchable. A must.
Thanks for thinking of everything and making it so user friendly.
Thanks for thinking of everything and making it so user friendly.
Very uses friendly and contains more than what I need in a file browser.
EXCELLENT
simple and superb, awesome speed than other file managers
Could do without some time wasting transition effects though
Flawless as far as I can see
Very good app
Function is useful.
Easy to use!
Easy to use!
I like the new interface where I can jump to my pictures and my music
Intuitive multi level, smooth. Natural easy use. Visual graphics help.
But one change can be made if I minimize it comes back to app start page!!
This is awesome does just what I needed to manage my files
Works great on my Droid RAZR. I think this a has come a long way.  Best of the best. UI make it so easy to use.
Great app
Awsm
If there is an option of 10 i give it bt ......for now five ...five ...five....star .....:)
Works very well and effective
Does the the one thing really really well. It's a no brainer
Great app ... one of the few you must get. 5 stars.
I installed. Astro and immediately ALL file associations were set like. Automatically '   I added a shortcut for a folder.   I have barely begun using the power of this app!!!
Great app. Never a problem or an issue with this app.
Great app. Never a problem or an issue with this app.
So cool....
If you own an Acer Iconia this is a must have.  Lets you take full advantage of your USB port.  Even allows you to play media from your USB flash drive.  And also for all tablets, this is the only file app that I have seen that lets you drag your file to another location.  By far best android file manager out there.
I use this application to organize all my power points and lectures I have to download for my classes. It's awesome. It's great to have a decent ui to access and manage my files.
Very good app and cry useful. I liked
It's a great app for free. Makes your job much easier.
Keep walking;)
Force stop after a few seconds, cnt even use it!!!! What a waste!!!!! Uninstall!!
Easy file manager
Finally I was able to delete junk off my sd card and get back a ton of room. Saved me from having to buy a new sd card!
Just getting acquainted with this app, love it so far. Would like to see a function in the app killer that allows for update/overwrite of an app that is behaving incorrectly. Maybe a resource conflict feature? Thanks to the Dev Team
Good
Really handy app .I don't use Samsung stock file manager. Excellent design. 5 stars. .
Fantasic app Love the clean layout keep up the great work thanks Trixe
Es buen file manager, pero esta horrible comparado con otros file managers que ya tienen el look & feel más actualizado como Solid Explorer. --- Good file manager, but very ugly compared to other file managers with a modern look & feel like Solid Explorer.
Organizes and backups other apps and files. Great application.  Never had any issue.
There is nothing I look for in a file manager that I dont find in Astro file manager
This is am awesome app.
Simple easy to use but complex at the same time good app
wooooo hooooooo..  coooooooollllllllll
Cada versión es más sencilla en su uso
Excellent software.
This is the type of app that should come standard with every phone, easy to use and extremely helpful
This is the type of app that should come standard with every phone, easy to use and extremely helpful
Give you 5 stars for it...good view...user friendly..
Love it
Outclass
Just what I wanted
Excellent.
This app just keeps getting better. By far it is the best file explorer/manager app there is. Hands down.
Good!
One of the first apps I download when I get a new phone!
One of the first apps I download when I get a new phone!
Its more than just a file explorer. It can so a lot more.
cool app
Intuitive and easy to use. Highly recommend.
Easy to handle..awsome!
Best ui.
The application backup feature is epic!! U guyz rock!
is a must have apps
Good
Still the king in its category. Not a fan of the recent interface changes (guiding me to specific folders) but nothing else appears to be lost in the change.
Neat app - does the job well!
Great
Easy, complete. Very useful for exploring your data.
A brilliant app which just keeps getting better and better.
I had a hard time trying to locate many things I had saved on my phone and this program led me right to them in a jiffy. I recommend this to everyone looking for a file manager.
Yo yo honey singh
Veryveryvery good app.thanks
Great stuff
It's very useful to see whatever in my mobile. I would like to thank you for giving the application.
It's very useful to see whatever in my mobile. I would like to thank you for giving the application.
It's very useful to see whatever in my mobile. I would like to thank you for giving the application.
Ok
I have tried several different file managers, but this one is far superior to anything else I've tried ! It takes a little time to learn all the features, but once you do you'll never try anything else.
gud app
gud app
Awesome app use it all the time has to be 5 star great work
I've been a faithful user. Can transfer files any easier.
Cool
Cool
No complaints.
this app can delete folders  five stars
excell apps it will be used to backup applications
excell apps it will be used to backup applications
Its much better than any other
Easy to use
Going through files is so simple with this app. Great design.
Like this app
Brilliant just brilliant try it for yourself you'll never want to uninstall it .. I no I won't ..
MANY FEATURES.
MANY FEATURES.
This helped so much with the cleanup of my phone
Works good in my htc
Perfect
Free and awesome.
Poor performance
Excellent work
An absolute must have
The best thing since sliced bread. Reliable and intuitive, a true companion for any adroid device.
Great program
Awesome app
Good app
I needed this type of application so bad and this was the best of them all.
Easy to use
CyaInAfrica.
i Luv Dis App.
Love it
Have only been using it for a week but have found it to be very useful in many ways.
Failed to recognize 32gb Kingston micro sdhc card, only sees 13.9gb. Deleting this app till it is fixed.
Failed to recognize 32gb Kingston micro sdhc card, only sees 13.9gb. Deleting this app till it is fixed.
I am impressed
Best of the best
I think its the best file manager
I love the simplicity of this file manager app. Thanks for sharing and making it a free app for download.
You will like. It does everything it says it can do
It is great
Thanks for this amazing app.
Definately most helpful app
Definately most helpful app
Very Good app useful
Absolutely awesome, its perfect for finding those hidden files that you know are hidden somewhere in their phone :P
Absolutely awesome, its perfect for finding those hidden files that you know are hidden somewhere in their phone :P
Works for me and it will work for you. No problems.
The best file mgmt and backup product on the market. . Very easy and User friendly
Easy to organize files
Easy to organize files
Make your card work harder - clear it of your buried garbage
Just perfect, from first Droid to Lenovo pad.   Great integration with google drive, dropbox, etc. Keep up the good work!
Good
Good
Very useful apps
its really working as said
Wunderbar
The Best
Yea
Yea
Been using it for a year and found no problem.. Great app
Good app...
Really simple and nice to use for overall operations as well as backing up apps.....itzgud
Really simple and nice to use for overall operations as well as backing up apps.....itzgud
Very useful, thanks to developers :)
love managing apps with the help of this ........
love this app.soon much to do
love this app.soon much to do
Very nice and easy to use.thanks
powerfull Application
Best file transfer app. I've used yet.
Best file transfer app. I've used yet.
A very functional tool. Easy to use great UI. I love it.
Love The UI and Options Features Are Awesome
Works brilliantly. A must-have app.
Does what the description says. Very useful.
Great job.
Good app
Integrates very well, picking up all the documents on my tablet automatically . I can use my usb drive and work with files seamlessly between tablet and laptop.
Integrates very well, picking up all the documents on my tablet automatically . I can use my usb drive and work with files seamlessly between tablet and laptop.
Integrates very well, picking up all the documents on my tablet automatically . I can use my usb drive and work with files seamlessly between tablet and laptop.
What a wow application!,,,so great so good!,,,a must have appli,,,,!
Like it, and very usefull for me
I love apps that just work. This is one of them.
Works just as it should and helped me with testing apps on other devices. Thanks!
Works just as it should and helped me with testing apps on other devices. Thanks!
Just great!
Was looking for an app. to delete some files and this works great. Manages files and allows you to move them or send them. Glad I found it!
Great app.  Must have for file mgmt.
It is geting better every update
Excellent app and I'd go as far to say an essential one at that imo. desire hd works a treat
Good programe
Super functional app
Super functional app
Super functional app
Great app to organize your files.
For every thing there is a place... For every place there is a thing... Astro!
Best app on the market hands down!
Nw I can manage my files easily ...best manager for sd cards.... I will say nt 5 out of 5 it should be 100 out of 100
One of the best file manager out there.
What can be said other than it works and it is very easy to use.
Prince Habeebo approves
Great app!
It's just great
Love it...does a perfect job. Love the new look too. Very user friendly. Great work guys!!!
Love it...does a perfect job. Love the new look too. Very user friendly. Great work guys!!!
Very cool especially the backup feature
Excellent on my htc desire s. Love it!
Gud 1 to manage my Xperia....
Great app no need to say more than that
It's great...that's all
Love this app, works perfectly for me
Best on market.
GREAT APP
Two thumbs up!
Nice app, features are easier than other file apps
Too confusing. All. I want to do is move one file into another file .. retarded
Too confusing. All. I want to do is move one file into another file .. retarded
Outstanding
Spełnia swoje zadanie znakomicie
Such an awesome phone file manager.
Super sleek and quick. Love it.
5 Star
Very convenient!
Keep it up guys
I got this just for the "download any file type" feature, but I now use it for things like file management, and app backup. :)
Love this product. Very functional and easy to use.
Important app
Gr8t app
Gr8t app
A must for the Android  !!!
This is really cool i like this alot helps me keep my stuff organize.
Sexersycoo.
Good stuff
Good stuff
Ok
I love this! It makes my life sooooo much easier. Works just like it says it will. Very happy user.
This is the best file manager out there for Android... It's totally worth the price.. love it..
Backup apps feature is awesome
Backup apps feature is awesome
Awesome
Best app so far......... Lock and load ! Babooom ;-)
Me gusta esta aplicación por que se hace más fácil buscar documentos, fotos, vídeos.
Sexyyyy
Does everything I need it to do.
The best
It rocks!
The best file manager
Nice application
Nice application
Delivers on its promise.
Wow.......
The best and most useful backup and file manager around!
Good
Good
Easy to use
I use this all the time with emu lators and a prblem i hade
Awesome
my recommended File manager to manage ur files
I'd be lost without Astro!
This app help me alot at my htc g1 even on my samsung galaxy note
Easy to use and navigate. Like the back up feature
Does so much and file look is great tell everyone to use for program backup
Superb app working great
But when I do, it's for an absolutely amazing app like this.
Very easy
Very easy
Very easy
My highest regards!
Better
The best
Works pretty good.  I use it to browse docs, pictures, and other files.  Allows me to open docs: using office suite.  I found a couple of limitations but will still give it 5 stars for a great app.
This has so far been very user friendly. Great app.
Straightforward, easy to use file manager. Had this useful app for well over 2-years. Its strength is it does the job well, simply. :b
Good working in glaxy u
Good working in glaxy u
This is good, but now I cannot use file manager due to an expired version. No mention of a limited time frame.
Best file manager
Easy to use
Easy to use
Best file manager on android.
Ta chingon esta aplicacion
Fast reliable and user frindly
idiot proof  amazing application can be used to manage all of your files music photos everything!  organize music is best part
Helpful and no problems
Great app easy to use
Love this app
Amazingly simple and useful file manager. A must for all phones... Should come as a default app!
Best file app out there
Works a charm! Love it all you ever need.
Did exactly what I wanted it for. Good job.
Nice and clean!! Efficient! Tank you!
The first app i am rating ever!!! Totally satisfied in all aspects.. If there is any suggestion, it would only be to make the inner file interfaces a bit more easy n sleek... Even otherwise the best app ever on android!!! Kudos....
The best app ever, gave me the power to use my evo 3d like a hard drive.
Very good app
better and better
better and better
Nicely app ... keep up the good work ...
It is a very gud explorer
It is a very gud explorer
Must download
works great.
Astro makes file management simple
Astro makes file management simple
Demystifies file storage on my Droid.
Does what I need, simply and clearly.
Nice and efficient application
Very nice
Love this app!
Works well and super easy to use. Switched phones twice and worked just as it said it would.
Good one
Get it. You won't regret it.
Must have app for those that want maximum control of their phone.
Great app
Very Good App
It was referred to me by two Tmobile reps. I asked for a way I can delete files from Polaris Office because it didn't have an option of deleting straight from there. I downloaded Astro and was able to go to downloads n delete those files from Polaris Office that I didn't want, creating more space on my sd card. Delete pics, music, and files that just don't need to b there. Just preview things before u delete them!! U can back up ur whole apps so if u get a replacement phone u don't have to redownload them.
No much more to say other than that
Good
Good
Themes all look almost the same. App is really good. Wish there was a option for selecting a folder for blutooth transfer.
Astro is a great example of Android software, all they gotta do is clean up the interface!
Nice
Solve my problem to find files in the system normally you can't see.
Wawww
It alwayd returns back to the home screen when I click on thumbnails. But brilliant!
Very useful application .
Amazing simple
Works wonderfully!! I love this app, I use it everyday. :) thanks and God bless!
Great program.
Good
This is a great app that I would highly recommend. It's super quick, effective, and an all-around good thing for any picture lover to have. I used a different app that made over 600 pictures vanish, but this one let me find and sort them all. Definitely 5-star quality. Absolutely LOVE!
very good app
I love it, thanks
I love it, thanks
This app does what I need it to do.
astro is grt 2 use, nice app one of d best in d market
I love the new layout, so easy to find what your looking for
I love the new layout, so easy to find what your looking for
Works well.
This app is awesome well recommend it
Does everything you need and can do more than what you imagine. Excellent app !!
It a lot
Good appp
Unbelievable! Not just manage files, this apps backup all other spps. Runs very good!
.
great & helpfull app
I dont know what to say i was trying to download songs and this helped me thank you so much!!!
I dont know what to say i was trying to download songs and this helped me thank you so much!!!
This app is a must have. Its a very simple way to manage your files on your android. 5 Stars all the way.
This app it amazing, i can easily navigate trought my SD card and file, i use it everytime and it just perfect.
This app it amazing, i can easily navigate trought my SD card and file, i use it everytime and it just perfect.
A really great file browser.
Very good
5 stars
5 stars
It's awesome app, I love it!
I just love astro as it is very easy to use.
Got preloaded in my sony Xperia S...........cool n simple
Great file app. UI is the best!
Awesome
Mantaap banget.... bikin mudah buat simpen dan pindah data
Its awesome . My music player was not working properly. Astro managed it well . Keep up the good work
It's awesome
Dis is d best file explorer I've ever seen. Let's you browse through APKs.drag and drop feature is gr8.
Dis is d best file explorer I've ever seen. Let's you browse through APKs.drag and drop feature is gr8.
Dis is d best file explorer I've ever seen. Let's you browse through APKs.drag and drop feature is gr8.
Wow when i update my phone into ICS i was include this app,but this app is great, very easy to use, 5sta
Best file manager on the market.
With the simple word; it is brief and helpful
This app does a lot and does it well.
Really great
I like their GUI. :)
I love this app!
I love this app!
goog good and good
Great on all  featurs
Does exactly what it says and super easy to use . Love this app for my Droid Charge!
Excellent app.
Great app
Simply excellent !!!
Easy to use
i have been using it fir more than a month and its great
Excellent
cool app
App works as described.
Nice app......
Perfect
Incredibly user friendly and extremely powerful!
It's a great, very simple and useful, constantly improving app. I recommend it!
It works very well oneverything I need
Love it on my iconia tab a500
The best file manager
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK...... BEST APP
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK...... BEST APP
Sometimes need this!
Lupet
great file management.  ads don't get in the way of renaming and moving files. thanks for a great free product. i even click on ads of interest.
This app looks brilliant and full of great features!!
This app looks brilliant and full of great features!!
Great app. Update made it better.
It's all the pictures that I could not find in the laptop
Ok
Have been using it now for 4 different devices keep up the good work
Quik!!
Great app, don't know how I've lived without it on my HTC desire
Outstanding
Needs an undelete function.  Updated version has many applications for a file manager, surprised there's still no undelete.
Doesn't show up in my apps... Which obviously means it didn't show there was an update.... Found out by luckily passing by the app browsing...
Doesn't show up in my apps... Which obviously means it didn't show there was an update.... Found out by luckily passing by the app browsing...
Way better than stock "my file" app
One of the best.
Great app! easy and intuative to use, visually appealing and does what it says on the tin
Love the ability to back up apps if I lose or change my phone.
the best app <3
the best app <3
Improved greatly
Love it
Back up your apps now with Astro
Back up your apps now with Astro
Very nice and well organized. With this I can reach deaper into files I had no clue about, or if I thought I lost a file, I'd go in there and BOOM! There it is right in front of me. By far best app ever soooo much more organized now! Thanks a bunch.
Title
Once I figured out to go to preferences to direct where to point to my external SD card, this app is the best. The ease with which you can move your files around is A1. Some limitations as to some files that are forbidden to be kept in external SD, but those are system restrictions, not Astro's doing.   Get this App.
Super easy to use
Super easy to use
I download pod casts via double twist but it doesn't put them in the right folder for the basic media player on my droid bionic. I rely on astro every week to put things in their right place. Easy to use, move and paste.thanks guys
Best file manager ever made!!
Fantastic! 5 stars.
This is the first app I install whenever I get a new phone or do a reset. 'Nuff said!
Easily finds anything on your phone.
Works very good.apps is fine.
Sangat memuaskan
Unbelievable app! The latest update has been destroyed all doubts regarding the functionality of Astro file mangr. Great job!!!
Great app :-)
Great for storage and organizing. The only downside is I am unable to upload documents to other sites
Makes file managing so easy. No need to plug into pc just do it on your phone. Top notch
Makes file managing so easy. No need to plug into pc just do it on your phone. Top notch
Best file manager on android..
Very good application..
I love this app
Very good
I think its d best file manager in android market
I don't know how'd I'd manage my files with out it.
I just love it, went into many file browsing programs and happily found this.
I use this every day and its never failed me once. Hip hop and pop.
With Astro, I finally found a way to remove unwanted files from my SD card!
very good work. Easy to use.
very good work. Easy to use.
I love it on my thunderbolt id suggest it for any1 with a smart phone
it'very good for many folder
Faadu app
Its really very nice.... User friendly..
I was trying to remove some junk ringtones and this app helped alot! Now I can keep things more organized! Wonderful app!
This is a good way to check my files
This is a good way to check my files
Backed up my apps before flashing. Easy to use!
Bestest file manager in Android world...
This new interface is horrible and it is ridiculously slow! What the heck with the huge icons and the serious lack of detail on files. This app now sux. I've had it for over two years and this version is practically useless.
Nice interface and helps me keep my HTC Desire clutter-free
Still unsure about this app.. I NEED 2 COPY ANY & ALL OF MY STUFF FROM LG MS690  SO I CAN PUT IT ALL ON MY REPLACEMENT LG MS690.. :-|
Still unsure about this app.. I NEED 2 COPY ANY & ALL OF MY STUFF FROM LG MS690  SO I CAN PUT IT ALL ON MY REPLACEMENT LG MS690.. :-|
Still unsure about this app.. I NEED 2 COPY ANY & ALL OF MY STUFF FROM LG MS690  SO I CAN PUT IT ALL ON MY REPLACEMENT LG MS690.. :-|
Love it
Best there is. Easy to use interface. Good all around.
Great app. Takes a,while to understand but amazing when you have it down packed. Deff recommended.
I have always liked astro file manager better than any of the stock/pre installed file managers for dam sure! I have also downloaded and utilized all others and there is only 1 other that comes close and its called "my files" and not sure how to get since its stock on the "Samsung Galaxy S2 epic 4G touch" on sprint! Get this app and utilize your phones full capabilities and understand why a great"whyphone" simply can't compare  Android is compatible with a PC in many ways that a iphone isn' itunes destroys
This app just keeps getting better and better.
This is a "must have". Very first app I install every time I format my phone (I like to test roms)
best file manager for android!!!!
Nixe
Essential file manager! The task killer is cumbersome but this app is perfect otherwise...and it just got better!
It works very well and the GUI is easy to navigate
It works very well and the GUI is easy to navigate
I don't understand how anyone can NOT have this program? What good is 32 GB of storage if you can't access your files?
Great app
super
good apps n very simple.keep it up.
The best
thunderbolt
Nyc ....overall a gud app ....go fr it
Good
I am loving it...
Simple, convenient and user friendly...
Very usefull
I really like this app it does its job perfect
I really like this app it does its job perfect
Great App
Awsme.....tool....all at 1 place
so nice app for file managing.
so nice app for file managing.
Nuff said
Good app, does what it says on the tin
Great app, works very efficiently.
A greate app to manage your android system
Very easy to use.
Highly recommend!
It just works
Awesome
Very useful.
Good application
Worth of install
Simply amazing
Aplikacija Astro je odlična
Cant live without it :)
On my Archos 250 GB have excellent overview.
Excellent!
This is an amazing file manager app.  It pretty much has option that a file manger app should have. The best period
Easy to use and great for deleting files and folders that apps leave behind after uninstalling them. Every phone should have this preinstalled!
Great app ,
Great application nothing fancy but does the intended work. And it's free.
so good and so fast.
so good and so fast.
Very easy to find everything that I downloaded...
Thanks for an simple, yet versatile file management application.  I found my out of placed files thanks to this programme.  To bad you can't move the files in question to appropriate folder.
Keep it up
A must have
A must have
Does all it promises.
I always recommend this application to anybody I know who is an Android user!
Awsome
Thanks
Very good app
Fast, accurate results. Great APP.
Outstanding file manager and great backup app.
Had to rejail break.its a life saver
