Much better than the pre-installed Polaris, and great sync options with Google Docs.
Desk top sych and access to my Google Docs. My Samsung Charge is now complete.
Used this and Quick office pro 4.0, found this one to be the most user friendly
You would be nuts to order this app...it didn't download...when I called Dataviz recording said no support
多少互換性に問題ありますが、動きの軽さを考えればビュワーとして実用十分です。 PCファイル編集面は期待できないので割りきる必要があります（それでもandroidアプリとしてはトップクラスの編集機能はあります）。
The "selection mode" in this app is horrible! Copying a section of text should not be this hard.
14 bucks and it will view SOME of my Google docs. Others say "failed to download". Weak.
There are several printing apps in the market. It would be great to bypass the computer for some of the smaller printing jobs by adding the print opt.
Just downloaded the full version but when I open it it claims that its not a valid version from the android market. Complete waste of my money.
Works ok, but does not support doc files that are really rtf files, such as those downloaded from Westlaw, limiting its usability.
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
28/1/2011 purchaced 3/1/2011 but can't down load or find a contact Android to find out why. ...........not good service Market all
Does nothing but forceclose!!! GD disappointment!!! xperia x10... refunding... i have other options...
A must have for people who need to do more than just p layon their tablet!
Love it. Works better than the free pdf readers and the Android office program (which is a piece of crap).
SCAM! Doesnt work and 15 min is not enough time to determine that it doesnt work. Fake comments below!
I am still not being able to open pdf files even after purchasing the app. Please help.
A real winner, only marked lower for lack luster support of punch and zoom and some quirky ui behavior but over all very impressive. +Google docs!!!
It's annoying dat I have 2 have both d free version icon along w/the icon 4 the full version. If you delete d trial, d full doesn't work. Samsung epic
Maybe I'm expecting too much... Still prolly one of the best out there... I'll wait till my epic gets the froyo uprade n try again...let down so far
I just bought it and can't use it. When I search for the program, it takes me to the download screen where it says I purchased it yet doesn't function
Works like a dream on my Droid X, and iPad. It syncs wonderfully with my Google Docs or Dropbox account. Excellent UI!
Works like a dream on my Droid X, and iPad. It syncs wonderfully with my Google Docs or Dropbox account. Excellent UI!
Would you please give us the option to remove the -+ zoom that appears at the bottom of the screen everytime the screen is touched. It is annoying.
Datavis doesn't have software for the droid that works well. It freezes up and you can't reinstall it. It spends at least 10-20 seconds updating when
Datavis doesn't have software for the droid that works well. It freezes up and you can't reinstall it. It spends at least 10-20 seconds updating when
I love Docs to Go. Very easy to use. It's a handy office on my phone. Droid X user.
D2G is now my fav Android app! It's almost as cool as my phone. EVO 4G
office suit pro, allows better xcell functionality. Looking to get refund for this one
Does well given the platform it's on (mobile). I love being able to at least see all file types on the run. Not totally worth the price though.
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
Asks for google password. Hence useless for google docs. Won't refund, even after 2 minutes. Beware!! they're taking the money but won't answer mails
The installation is sending me in circles. I open it, hit download, get transferred to the market where I hit download again and return to start...?
No access to files on external SD card.
Won't install on nexus 7 error 943 and 403 I think. Refunded
I already download and pay the money but still cant use the program . How can i do ?	I already download and pay the money but still cant use the program . How can i do?
Google docs times out. Wont save to dropbox. Useless!
Wrote in about lack of spell check. Dataviz confirmed that they do not offer spell check with the keyboard (after market dock style or part of design like ASUS slider) Yes - you have spell check if you use the touchscreen. Lost all my documents on two different occasions with a reset. It looked like it was saving to SD based on the description, so I thought it was some hiccup. But mnt/SD is still the internal memory. With a little research on the web, it appears you cannot save to SD card with Documents to go. I just downloaded quickoffice pro. Was worried as there were some issues listed along with the good reviews. But my ASUS slider had no delays with QO and it has many added features - including spell check and the ability to save to SD. I have had DTG for years now - sorry to see them fail at keeping up with what should be basic components for tablet use.
When I go to save a document, it deletes instead and will not re-sync
Opened app. Says to click to download. Clicked button. Takes to play store. Play store shows downloaded. Pressed open. Same result. Can't use app. I am running jellybean
Saya beli versi fullnya namun saya kecewa ternyata masih kalah dengan aplikasi gratis seperti Kingoffice. Saya tunggu untuk peningkatan fiturnya, masak buat buka file office 2007 aj gak bisa. Dengan harga yang
This does NOT allow you to track changes in word documents.  It only allows you to view previously tracked changes that were made in Word on a PC/Mac.
Every time I create a file on my tablet, Documents to Go closes unexpectedly and will not allow me to continue editing. If this continues, I wasted the cost of the full version. Frustrating!!!!!
This all started to happen after I received the Jelly Bean update for the Android OS on my Motorola XOOM tablet. The Documents To Go (DTG) desktop application on my computer used to synchronize fine with my Motorola XOOM tablet. However, when I tried to sync it today (July 29, 2012), the DTG desktop application on my computer cannot see my XOOM tablet connected via USB (Status: Disconnected). On the contrary, Windows does recognize the tablet as a media device (MTP) under My Computer and I can peruse the internal storage of the tablet using Windows (Under Windows' My Computer I click on the tablet and peruse it via Windows Explorer). I have changed nothing in the configuration since my last sync between the DTG desktop application and my XOOM tablet.  The only change that occurred is the tablet is now running the Android Jelly Bean OS.  DataViz please fix ASAP since I rely heavily on your application daily for my business and personal use!
The app is outdated and looks terrible on ICS and higher devices. Please update, other office apps make this look shameful
Very handy app to have. Its especially useful for me with word and excel as I'm able to edit documents and spreadsheets on the go. However one major issue I have is that you can't select text in the word app. This for me is just unacceptable as I can't copy text from other files into the document I'm working on. Basically this renders the app now useless for me. Please fix this and I will alter to 5 stars.
Lacking many features, particularly offering cloud based storage. No Dropbox integration? Come on. Outdated UI.
I purchase this application so that I can open a pdf file but once I open the pdf file I couldnt edit the text or add text to the form I needed to fill out. I bought this product and it was worthless for me. It didn't accomplish what I needed it to do.
I want the features of the full app.  But not the "read phone state and identity" permission of the main app.  Guess what?  Full version will not even open without the main app being installed.  Have already paid for app but will never install.  And will not recommend
I wanted to create ppt but I cannot put pictures I lost money for no reasons I guess plz help me for tht I need to put pictures in ppt plz
Samsung has named their internal storage "SDCard" and this program only writes to the internal storage.  The actual SD Card is named "extsdcard".Your actual SD Card is useless with respect to Documents to Go. Nothing will be written on it. Dataviz technical reps acknowledge the issue and say "IF" they fix it it will be in an update, but it isn't fixed as of today. and no promises were made that they will ever fix it. I downloaded the free trial of Office Pro and it works fine. Apparently this is a larger problem with the Galaxy Tab and several apps will not write to the external SD Card. I bought this app to have backup capabilities without a laptop or WiFi. The one star rating is solely due to the "Maybe we'll fix it (or maybe we won't)" attitude of Dataviz.
This is a horrible program and it seems to not interact well with other programs, and there is no tech support...
Several times I have lost files after it force closes. This happens with documents I create on the app and with files I created on Word. I have contacted the developer and there is no fix. The frustration is not worth the price of convenience. There's always Google Docs which saves continuously.
Well its about a week ago I purchased the update for this program so i could use it on my Acer A500 and it still doesn't work despite the fact I've downloaded the update, registered, downloaded again, gone to Google market, found out that doesn't work any more, surfed the net to find out what's going on, found out Google has replaced Market with Play, found out play is not on my device, discovered it self installs but hasn't on mine, tried to get help online which is akin to being dropped blindfolded in an Asian country where you don't know how to ask for help, retyped this review because of the ultra sluggish response of the tablet causing mistakes, starting the tab over and over, going back to Play and being told I've purchesed the update though the program asks me to update, going into the apps settings and discovering other apps which never turned up are supposedly on my device. This f###ng stupid piece of sh#t is a waste of my time and it my fault for being to cheap to buy an ipad to sync with all my other beautifully designed apple gear.
Will not allow files to be sent to gmail account. Files can not be opened with OpenOffice. Please fix
Constant sync problems.  What a mess.  Fix this POS.  Its only been a disaster for over a year now.
Good for viewing, worst for editing. Doesnt support Arabic editing.
I have the full version of Documents To Go and I've tried going online and calling them with no luck. There seems to be no support after payment.
I have the full version of Documents To Go and I've tried going online and calling them with no luck. There seems to be no support after payment.
No updates forever. Unsupported.
It does not SHOW changes that I make to the doc. What the hell is the point of paying to upgrade so I can get 'track changes' if I can't even see them??! If it were not for their FALSE claim, I would not have purchased this. I was on the go and really needed to see changes I make to the doc last night. I felt duped of my money. I hate the user interface, it's awful. I have better ones for free!! I have purchased other apps before but this is my first time ever rating an app. I had to, it was too misleading!
I bought the full version and it is still telling me to buy the full version so Im refunding after this post. HTC EVO
This app hasn't worked for a long time. I bought it a couple years ago it worked for a while and just recently it worked again. I opened one of my spreadsheets hit freeze pains then saved it. That was my only change. It wrote random number's over my data. I'm uninstalling and will NEVER reinstall.
This app hasn't worked for a long time. I bought it a couple years ago it worked for a while and just recently it worked again. I opened one of my spreadsheets hit freeze pains then saved it. That was my only change. It wrote random number's over my data. I'm uninstalling and will NEVER reinstall.
I paid the money for this app because I wanted a reasonable text editor for my tablet (dual-core Acer Iconia A200). If you never edit a paragraph longer than about thirty words, D2G is probably okay. However for any actual writing, you'll find text entry lags horribly - five seconds or more is not unusual - from your keystrokes. This phenomenon happens as soon as a paragraph grows longer than a couple of lines.  As a viewer, this app is sorta okay. As an editor, it is completely unusable. Don't waste your money.
Can't believe I paid for a product and I can't even open a simple excel file from an email. Sent request for tech support, but got no response.
Every time i try to use it i have to accept terms and register so i use another app instead
Purchased the Full Version and found that they use AdMob to track user data.
Can't believe i paid 15 bucks for this nonsense. The margins look horrible on Word. No spellcheck. Can't refund it. Terrible product.
After 3 weeks of suffering, I have decided to forget the payment and go back to ThinkFree. DTG is obsolete and provides no support to paying customer!
This app is ok, but has major flaws. Documents randomly turn to read only, crash, and other apps can't read them due to errors.  DO NOT USE THIS APP FOR IMPORTANT DOCUMENTS, AS IT RANDOMLY CORRUPTS FILES. Customer service from this developer doesn't even exist. If you email them with as problem, they don't even respond.
All sections are text only with exception of some basic graphics. I am trying to use the full version. Imposible to insert photos or drawings into any document. App is no beter than a basic note taker. I want my money back !
I just downloaded the paid version and found that xls files created in 2003 + pwd protection dont open. Any ways to get the refund.  Ketan.
Unable to pair device again on Samsung Galaxy SII after updating to ICS 4.0.3, constantly telling me that the device has been paired before but there is no option to unpair.  I have tried completely removing the program from device and PC (also browsing folders to delete left over files/folders) but still refuses to pair.  Works fine on Gingerbread though.
Poor layout, useabiliy and customisation of documents when wanting to create more than notes, has to be put on windows just to see what the document actually looks like with no print preview. Powerpoint only makes them basics with no customisation. Excel not user friendly at all. Very dissapointed for the money spent. Google docs online works much better and its free
Extremely disappointed I just wasted money.  Guess I gotta throw another 15 down for quick office so I can actually edit.  Couldn't even select more than one word in a word doc
Paid version does what Google Docs does for free. Have repeatedly requested instructions or description of purpose of program from support. Everything they tell me that this application does is free with Google Docs. Their response to that is that their program integrates with Google docs. My question is "for what purpose?" What does Docs To Go give me by and they give me no answer. Sprint contacted docs to go for me and got same result and sprint was frustrated with the treatment and gave me my money back.
Their app for the iphone is so much better, with the android they simeply didnt bother like most of the develupers out there
I was very disappointed with the features of the program.  It was not worth the money I paid,  due to it's lack of features and ability to only edit text in powerpoint and the fact that excellent and word can only edit text.  Not impressed.
All of a sudden its telling me that the documents are not "regular" word documents but my laptop has no issue opening them nor do my friends mobile devices seem to have an issue.  So what gives?
Sorry to tell you hwvr a wastr of money and time.
The full version is NOT worth $15!!
I purchased this program thinking that I would be able to run the Excel files I've been running on my Dell Axim x51v PocketPC for the past 9 years. The Axim has a tiny memory compared to the Samsung Galaxy Note that I'm now using; but Documents to Go can't handle my old complex Excel files. It is able to handle my very simplistic spread sheets, but not the complex ones! FYI
IT IS NOT WHAT IT CLAIMS TO BE. WHAT'S THE POINT IF YOU CAN NOT SYNC THE EDITING DOCUMENTS WITH THE ORIGINAL ONE ON THE DESKTOP???  USELESS!!!
I can edit my documents, but if I do so they do not sync anymore with my desktop. If I want to, I have to install this piece of crap also on my desktop. WHY??? I run MicOff2007 on my PC and I am very glad with it. PLEASE MAKE IT JUST TO SYNC WITH MY PC DOCUMENTS WITH THE STANDARD HTC SYNC. I see I have purchased this only to use it as a reader, but readers there are many for free. :( very sad...
I am very disappointed...first I tough it doesn't works,so I tried to return it, but I spent more than 15 minutes to try out the program, so I waist my time and money to figure out how is works. After that all I had sent an email and I never got answer. Do Not waist your money!!!!
I bought into this software due to the much-touted Intact technology. Little did I know at the time that this meant that files which contained incompatible data would cause the file to be read-only in this software (in my case, the incompatible data was the Office 2007+ "SUMIFS" formula, which is too useful to do without). It's pretty easy to keep a file "intact" if one is not allowed to edit it. Pathetic.
no update til this day?  no drop box, no box sync over the cloud? no csv, no odt, txt support? weirdo!   i bought it since it was $15... pricey. was the best choice, but not now...
A paid app that comes with much lesser features than other free apps, very disappointing...unless I don't know how to find them: font colors, limited fonts, many missing things from the familiar windows version...disappointing to pay so much for a big brand app like this...thank you and kindly upgrade quickly...
For me at least, it has never been able to connect to Google Docs so it isn't what I expected. I use 'Docs' another app and it connects to Google Docs instantly every time.
I can't validate the unlock key, because of "communication problems" with the android market.
I purchase it, installed it but HOW to get the key..I wrote to the developers but they do not respond :(((((++
It charged me 3 times for this product.
Rip off! It took my money and refused to download on any device!
I do not recommend this app, i paid for it to receive only a shortcut to another download and i keep getting an error "there is no phone associated,".
I paid for this to use on my tablet, every time I go to open it, it says download now........it is doing me no good!!!!
Google basically charged me an extra dollar in addition to the purchase I've already made for a reason they didn't explain, and I want to know Why.
Doesn't  allow access to password protected PDF files
Pretty useless with only Google docs support.
NO SPELL CHECK
I pruchased this from the android market. When opening the program it tells me I need to download and run another program to unlock the one I PAID FOR
keep closing, on my pantech tablet i want my money back please
There is a real problem with theis programme as it DOES NOT provide for reading RTF format documents. I was told that this programme was the best around, but it has a really BIG HOLE in it. How about the developer do an upgrade to enable the programme to read and edit RTF format documents.  I usually use MS Word, and a lot of documents i get are in RTF format. So come on guys, FIX IT.
Exchange IME is impossible. It's very pity.
Why dont i have the ability to cut and paste when i brought the full version?
I purchased full version and it kicks me back to download. Never got a chance to experience anything. I uninstall, reinstalled entered my reg # and it's still not working.
Will not allow excel spreadsheets to transfer from A500 to PC Desktop.  Windows states file is corrupted by this program editor.  Reached out for support, no response.  I had high hopes, but ended up wasting $15.
Doesn't do half of what it should, and no spell or grammar checker. Useless.
Works ok, but does not support hyperlinkes in my works excel documents, no spell check makes word almost unusable, and ablility to create power points is difficult at best due to limited options.  Needs a software update to at least add spell check to even be consided at the sale price.
Can I installl on more than one unit after I pay $15? I installedon tablet and trying to put on pgone. Phone keeps saying installed but not there.
There are far better alternatives out there. Do not recommend. Find an application that is being actively developed.
This app has problems re-  downloading to a new phone. Software carries you in an indefinite loop.
Good enough and fast office for phones. It have rich set of functions. However its usability is poor. It is useless for tablets as tool for editing documents. Selection is non-obvious - it hidden at 3d level of menu! Similarly any formatting functions (bold, italic, aligning) are hidden deeply. Tool can be much better if authors add toolbuttons for basic operations in editing mode.
Force closes after one save every time and lose all work!  Was out standing app, this has rendered it complete useless to my self and everyone else I have spoken with.  Have full version.  PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!
Not sure if it was Android update last night or Googles recent changes on security. Can not access google docs now. This is why I bought the license...  Does not work with Googles new enhanced security.
No PNGs in PowerPoint now no chart display in excel...waste of money
PDF viewer diplays a lot of black and white pics as negatives, word and excel do not automatically bring up keyboard when editing. Don not use unless you are looking for a low end doc editor even then some of the free one would be better suited
No way to quickly access starred google docs documents. No way to search also.
It is a pathetically simple rip-off. If you're familiar with app development, DocsToGo Word is essentially just a TextView. No header, no pages, no footer, nothing what-so-ever for the price. Buy yourself a night out.
I downloaded this app for school.  my professors use pdfs and powerpoints for there lectures... on my laptop i can simply edit these items and add my notes of their discussions.  I bought this app thinking that because it costs 15 bucks it would give me a similar experience as actual microsoft office.  Not so! instead i ended up getting cheaper or free apps to edit them individually.  freaking sucks dont waste your money!
Can't even import a CSV file.
Have to go through menu->formatting to get to even the simplest things such as bold, italic, underline, bullets and numbering - every time!! Please, give us a menu bar, seriously...and now word 2010 compatibility?! Inexcusably bad!!
Will not allow me to edit files .... not any better than free version
Moved to kingsoft, better software and free, unable to open many word docs which are 2007 and 2010, not very good for business on the go with clients
It's Amazing... Buy it and you won't be sorry.
I bought this product after I read many reviews that spoke highly of Documents to Go. I must say that I am disappointment by both the illusive comments and the under performing app; what a waste! I use most of MS office products to their full extent and features. However most of these features do not appear or uneditable in D2Go. Animations in MS Powerpoint do not function; embedded graphs in Word disappeare; EXCEL cells disappear; unlike what the developer claims, PDF files can not be edited. This app is for a novice user who only needs a softawre just for reading basic files. It is not for advance users who need to take their office files on the road. Be aware before you buy as free version would be sufficient.
This app. Does not work.  It will not download.  It literally runs me around in circles.  Will eat my money and uninstall.  Will never buy anything from this developer again.  Do not purchase this.
Bought it, used it a bit, BUT NOW WONT OPEN! Just opens to page asking me to download.Tried uninstalling n reinstalling to same problem! A CATCH-22 LOOP? No real help on their web page! NOW WHAT? - GET A FIX!
There seems to be a problem that prevents downloading of the Full Version Key from the Android Market.  Also don't expect help for the next few days from DataVis as they are on holidays. This is what it says on their website: "DataViz is closed for the holiday and is therefore temporarily unavailable to answer your questions between 12/23/2011-12/27/2011."  Google Nexus S, Android 4.0.3
It sucks
I tried to uninstall. Says it does, but it uss still there. Takes up too much memory.
Why can't I open this app once I've paid for it.  No online assistance.  Going to eat my $$$$ and uninstall.
Cant get the app to download. The website doesnt seem to help. I get the run around. No troubleshooting
Will not not download error when download starts
Horrible app!  I want my money back!  I have had this for almost a year now and have yet to even view a document with this! ****DO NOT BUY! !!*****
I bought the full key so that I can do some work on the go, but every time I try to download the main (free) app it Force Closes and won't load.  Not sure that it is worth the $15 since I can't even use it.  Please fix...
I paid $15 for this app to keep freezing unexpectedly when I need it most?! WASTE OF MONEY !!
Bought it and now all I get is force close!  Fix it of refund my money! !
Will not open on the Motorola xoom.  I will need a refund.
This app did not work for my tablet. I tried everything I could to get it to work. I was never able to even open the application. Would like a refund since I've never even used it.
Don't waste your money. Doesn't even open most docs for me.
Application is OK, though could do with copy and paste as without this it,s just a glorified viewer for Office docs - also, have never been able to update the programme as it crashes every time I try!!!
Horrible! Many formatting options don't work and formatting things inside the app is difficult and a pain. Wish I could get a refund. Not worth it
Sucks now Used to work great now just causes force closures on the market and won't let me update.....waste of $$
Can't open exchange attachments at all
For some reason it force close during install installed it from web. Also has issues with stalling to open on Xoom pad
Bought the full version yesterday; today installed the desktop sync utility. Oh my goodness what a mess! First the sync requires use of USB; there is no Bluetooth support. Second, on my Droid, the SD card must be set to USB storage mode for the sync app to work. Other applications, such as Dropbox, don't recognize the SD card in USB storage mode. Finally, what no native sync with Dropbox? I knew about this last problem, but come on. In total, the connectivity of DTG is seriously below standard.
I bought it and it will not open. Either help me with a fix or refund my money?
could not edit my excel files.
Need a refund
LAST UPDATE BLOCKS ALL UPDATES FOR ALL APPS-SENT EMAIL TO DEVELOPER WITH NO FIX-I AM DELETING AND INSTALLING QUICK OFFICE PRO
DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP UNTIL IT IS FIXED. In has a major bug that force closes My Apps.
Force closes my apps in the market every time.  Need a fix soon.
For several days now this has been force closing the Market when updating or going to my apps? When can we expect a resolution?
Been a long time user. Tried to load it to my Xoom, but it keeps crashng the Market. Unable to install. Not worth the money given I can use it.
HOW MANY TIMES DOES THIS APP NEEDS TO BE PURCHASED, IS DATAVIZ RAN BY THE GOVERNMENT? AND GOOD LUCK GETTING SUPPORT!!!!!!
This app seems to be causing problems with the Market.  Caused "My Apps" to force close.  Unistalling fixed the problem.  When I tried to install again, Market keeps force closing.  I loved the app before this happened, so I hope they get it fixed!
Cannot open market myapps when doc to go installed since last update on Xoom
Once it is purchased I have problems registering it for use.
Worst office style program I have purchased. I have been using quickoffice on my phone, but it wasn't supported on my tablet. Office suitepro5 is good
I'm really frustrated that this app no longer runs.  Very disappointing!
Formatting notes is a real hassle... Office suite pro is much better
In Power Point , can not even attach pictures....... Pictures are also important in presentation. I have tolerated the minimum design... HTC FLYER
In Power Point , can not even attach pictures....... Pictures are also important in presentation. I have tolerated the minimum design... HTC FLYER
Support responded initially, but has offered no solution or even the prospect for one. It is unfit for the purpose for which I bought it.
Paid for and downloaded to replace Polaris Office on myGalaxy Tab 10.1 mainly for google docs integration. Very disappointed, the interface is so clumsy, should have stuck with Polaris. Pity you only have 15 minutes to get a refund. Quick Office seems much better if you are looking for google docs integration.
The program has a lot of potential, but has mediocre, or less, support. You can never, ever, talk to a person and their web support is a endless loop.
Worthless both the product and service
This app does very little in comparison to the real thing. only basic functions; i.e. add, subtract, etcetera.
Can't get app to open on my Samsung Epic 4G!!! Please HELP!!!!!! The free trial worked great.
I can't get app to open on EVO? Can dataviz help? I loved app on Palm, & really want it on my EVO, but can't try download again cuz cant refund 2x???
Does not work on my phone at all. Totally sucks over priced and useless. I want a refund
the ability to effectively edit documents is seriously lacking. I want a refund
The one formula I use frequently is not available with this app (RAND). Hence making it pretty much useless to me. Do your homework before purchasing.
It wouldn't allow me to download the app after I bought it.
I purchased the full license. The desktop will not sync with tablet or phone. no reply for support from the developer. The app hasn't evolved in ages. Other options on the market are far better designed.
Is there anyone else who had issues with opening this app? It sucks cause I was looking forward to using it :(.
Sucks will not open...keeps saying needs to download...(disregard last comment...the automatic update is messed up..I don't love it...if it worked I would use it for school!)	Love it! Ideal for school
I've used this with my Palm T/X and it provided me with all the basics and then some, in creating and opening all my files. Excellent suite for price.
Perfect with the swype keyboard for documents for school... Done on the bus or train, perfect for anywhere...
I was looking on my online bank statement, and saw that they charged me twice! $30 for junk software.
No longer works. Prompts me to re-download every time I open it. Please fix ASAP.
Polaris is far better at editing and Office Suite Pro is even better. Wow - 15 minutes to get money back? 15 minutes to throw 15 bucks away... huh
Its awesome for my Galaxy S-II. But what? It does not open .txt file which sounds atrocious! Please fix immediately.
I can not view any images in xls files (e.g. our company logo), also the graphs in xls files are not displayed. Finally not all functions are calculated just give a value error. The program has potential, but still the developer has a lot of work to do, honestly i dont find it worth my money as it is now! I hope datawiz can make some improvements to make it work correctly, and i would also like to be able to see our company logo in my document, and graphs would be nice as well. Hope to see an update soon.
There seems to be no way to edit an existing doc-selecting text is not editing
Truly awful for Wat I wanted. No headed paper, can't read a page properly just in a small column of text. Want refund
Useless editing on powerpoint file. Only work on text. want my money back?
Bought it, uninstalled in about 3 minutes, but was still charged full price with no refund. Don't purchase unless you are 100% sure you want it. Also, you can't highlight text or make small bookmarks on page.
Haven't found anything else that does a better job with MS Office or PDF documents. Very satisfied.
Waste of money in my opinion. I tested excel mainly, but editing possibilities are very poor, switching between edit and select modes is just silly..
Miss .txt support!!! And I'm having a lot of trouble to type documents (Droid 2 Global)
Can't find registration key, or a contact address to get help. It sucks TBO, I WANT A REFUND OR MAKE IT WORK.
Just paid and it doesnt display powerpoint 2007 file (broken figures and no text). Word docs and pdf ok.
The file types it can edit are really limited especially for a 15 dollar app
The file types it can edit are really limited especially for a 15 dollar app
Completely Awesome and perfect for what I need it for since I don't have Word on my desktop. Quick and Efficient!
Going in circles trying to activate paid version after having installed it on my previous phone and using registration number. Impossible to contact.
The review is seem too good to be true. Once bought, the experience is not the same like MS Office on the desktop. Pdf reading is not designed for tablet imho. Please make hd version.
Think Free Office is better and free.... Rip off.
Do not buy this app. I paid for this app and it keeps sending me in circles. It won't download or anything. A piece of crap is what this is.
This software has been great until now. I purchased SwiftKey keyboard for my Samsung Galaxy Tab. The return key doesn't work now.
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
Tried for an hour to load on my Acer tablet with no luck. They took my credit card 2x but still no software and no support. Do not buy this.
Does not install in my T-Mobile LG phone. How do I get my money back?
Does not work as advertised. asks for a pwd when only one of the sheets in the .xlsx workbook is protected. Won't accept correct pwd. galaxy s 4g
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I purchased this on my 3g slide. It started acting acting glitchy before I had to replace my phone becauce I had to reset my phone. No help.refund!
I bought the full version but cannot get it to sync with my mac! I can't even find an email support on the dataviz website. POOR!
Works great on Droid X. Creating and editing documents is very simple and convenient!
I have the evo 4g. It says I need an activation key. Thanks in advance. Matthew H
can't edit table or photos or odt / csv / rtf. will buy quickoffice as well. Prefer D2G for viewing files. Much better than officepro.
can't edit table or photos or odt / csv / rtf. will buy quickoffice as well. Prefer D2G for viewing files. Much better than officepro.
It will not let me download to my atrix. When I hit the link it says not found! I want my money back for an app that doesn't work.
I love the software. But I hate when I purchase the full version you have to have 2 icons. One for the free one for the paid. Change this please
This thing sucks...i bought it and it wouldnt download..and i cant get my $7.04 back. I hate this app and i demand that i get my money back! >:-(
This thing sucks...i bought it and it wouldnt download..and i cant get my $7.04 back. I hate this app and i demand that i get my money back! >:-(
Without the ability to print a doc. On the go its worthless on the go
Won't log on to google docs...did for the first week or two then just stopped...worthless!
I was very excited to download this app however it does not seem to have the Samsung NFUSE as a supported platform.
There is an irritating zoom bar that pops up and gets in the way whenever I try to place the cursor in a word. Why? If I can disable it..then 5 stars.
Why do you not use the excellant Android editing UI? The multiple open keyboard, edit, select, etc. each a different step and screen is awful.
Says installed but not. Keeps sending back thru same steps. Where is the cs / tech support numbers.
Would be nice if it didn't show up in the app drawer....otherwise, the full version was worth the cost!
This is the worst software company I have ever dealt with. I purchased product and never received code to use even though requested several time.
Sent me round & round in circles trying to open it - kept telling me to buy it again & then that I already bought it. Then threatened me for retrying.
Excellent appln. Great for editing Office documemts. Great UI, especially statred and recent file list. Yet to check syncing with laptop
This app doesn't work. I paid n installed n it won't let me open it. What a waste for 15 bucks. It won't even let me refund
Paid for full version but it would not give me it. Ut said purchased but the version was still trial and not full like it should of been. Want refun
Paid for it. Never received regeristration key #. ,thus cannot use. And way to contract them whats up with that
I purchased this program due to the ease of use. However my company replaced my android based device with an Ipad. They will not let you transfer program to another device.
Since I updated to gingerbread I cannot modify or create a document in excel.Cant insert rows or colums. That sucks.
Won't open excel files with multiple worksheets. the excel reader that comes with droids will. I paid for this program and it does less.
Says it's installed...can't unlock it.Go to unlock it, says to install it. Round and round. Zero tech support. I'm out $15.
Terrible. Kept force closing, was not able to copy and paste some text. It would only freeze up on me. Shame. I could use a good document app!
I love this app 5 stars. Does excel and word. Full version. Samsung Fascinate. Excellent product definitely worth it!
Crap suite. Can't work with images. Forget word even in ppt. Forget add can't even delete existing images. No refund. Is there a team to add stars?
The user interface is horrible: If you want to use the keyboard, to copy & paste, etc. you better take another app.
This product did not download fully to my iconia tab. the tablet is stuck on downloading. i want a refund.
I purchased it and then immediately requested for a refund since it gave Java.Lang.nullpointer.exception when I tried to save an xls file after edit.
Best editor on the market excellent MS compatibility, but it's missing a spellchecker. One major gripe is the app loses it's place if it loses focus.
After purchase only option was to open (which would repeatedly loop back to download--already dl'd) or uninstall and refund. Can't contact developer.
Poor support for MS Word text boxes, these appear as tiny icons which have to be selected individually to view contents which show only on half screen
Poor support for MS Word text boxes, these appear as tiny icons which have to be selected individually to view contents which show only on half screen
ThinkFree Office allows to insert pictures and drawn art while composing or editing a document, it also allows read, (not compose) .txt files NOT THIS
ThinkFree Office allows to insert pictures and drawn art while composing or editing a document, it also allows read, (not compose) .txt files NOT THIS
I downloaded it, tried to get a refund, and it uninstalled it but didn't refund my money. Please let me reinstall!!!
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
This app sucks, no support of Russian language. Do not be as assholes as I was buying it! Shame :(
I'd give it a zero if there was such a score. Won't even open up with the key. Don't buy it.
This app sucks. Decent control of word docs, but is pretty useless for excel :-P
Don't be a sucker like I was. This product is junk.
Don't be a sucker like I was. This product is junk.
What is going on? Worked great, last month til now absolute p.o.s. Forceclose is all I get.
What is going on? Worked great, last month til now absolute p.o.s. Forceclose is all I get.
What is going on? Worked great, last month til now absolute p.o.s. Forceclose is all I get.
I purchased the full version for Android. It will not load. I previously had the full version on a Blackberry that worked well.
I purchased the full version for Android. It will not load. I previously had the full version on a Blackberry that worked well.
I purchased the full version for Android. It will not load. I previously had the full version on a Blackberry that worked well.
I purchased the full version for Android. It will not load. I previously had the full version on a Blackberry that worked well.
Fix whatever is wrong with this your application. It is NOT working at all on my Sprint HTC EVO. Please refund my money. Very poor apps
I had it on my Droid and it worked fine, but I updated to Xoom (Android 3) and even though it says it should work for Android 1.5 and up, when I tried to register it, it says I have no internet connection when I do and the Desktop software doesn't recognize it, I tried to contact Dataviz but when I click on Send question/request, all I get is a not found page, I'm already looking for a replacement.
I had it on my Droid and it worked fine, but I updated to Xoom (Android 3) and even though it says it should work for Android 1.5 and up, when I tried to register it, it says I have no internet connection when I do and the Desktop software doesn't recognize it, I tried to contact Dataviz but when I click on Send question/request, all I get is a not found page, I'm already looking for a replacement.
Worthless! Ask me for a registration number that I never received Can't open do do. Don't purchase
I bought this app and it is asking for a registration number, which I never received and I can't complete my account because of it! Total rip off!
Doest work for google docs if u have many docs. I have more than 75 google Docs and its takes over 2 min to load. Now i need to get my money back!
Great app. On MAC, you cannot open a file if the format is saved as a Word 97-2004 document (.doc). Says internal error
No support. When I tried to dl again after changing to new Thunderbolt, it charged me again. And I used same email address. Garbage.
I daren't apply the update in case I'm charged again. RIM now own this software.
I daren't apply the update in case I'm charged again. RIM now own this software.
Having a bug with this and trying to submit it to them is next to impossible.
I did not purchase this either the company stole money from my debit card or someone else did there's no way to contact number don't work and no email
If you're looking for something that is able to open all types of documents and make quick exits this is the tool for you. Don't expect more than that
I tried to cancel this product within the 15 minute time frame and it told me i could not cancel . So I am asking u to cancel this product Please
I tried to cancel this product within the 15 minute time frame and it told me i could not cancel . So I am asking u to cancel this product Please
Purchased the full version,but will not down load to device. Will have to disbute charge.
Purchased the full version,but will not down load to device. Will have to disbute charge.
I purchased this app and it won't download on my phone. It keeps giving me an error message . Sprint evo
Force close frequently. Fails to open files it should open. Most money I ever paid for a defective app (droid2 froyo)
Fantastic, however the power point is terrible. Glad I have thinkfree office for pp and docs to go for everything else. EVO
Fantastic, however the power point is terrible. Glad I have thinkfree office for pp and docs to go for everything else. EVO
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
I have workbook on pc and cannot use it on this tablet. Need to be able to use tablet to add info. Can only read!!! And only minutes to return. Sucks.
Your download process sucks. I was a long time customer and bought this based on my past experience. I will be asking for my money back
Exactly as expected. Great app for any business user. Xoom.
Ppt files with actions or animations arent supported but this isnt mentioned in the overview
Ppt files with actions or animations arent supported but this isnt mentioned in the overview
This app doesnt let you use, copy, or paste images at all. Powerpoint is useless now. Cant use backgrounds either >(
Poor documentation. No way to contact customer service, just loops you around and around. None of these Apps work well, but they are all we get.
On Intercept 2.2 LOVE IT it almost turns ur phone into a laptop much better interface than think office, syncs well with goog docs and dropbox.
This is a real disappointment. To make a word bold you have to navigate too much through menus... why didn't you just give us a richtext toolbar to use?
I've been a Docs2Go user for 9 years, since the Palm days. Unfortunately they've devolved since then. It requires a data connection to verify your license before you can edit docs, so if you're on a plane, a cruise, or in a dead zone you're outta luck. I can just use Google docs, who needs D2G? Also, Dataviz is impossible to reach. They shut down the user forums, probably because they didn't want to read all our complaints and suggestions. AVOID, unless you are always in a wifi/Edge/3G zone.
This app does not open or even view .docx documents, older docs or documents created by other word apps such as quickoffice. MAJOR FAIL!
This app does not open or even view .docx documents, older docs or documents created by other word apps such as quickoffice. MAJOR FAIL!
After purchase it has me going around in a circle. Can't open. No clear instructions.
WTH. I bought this and I'm not allowed to access it? What gives? Seems that theres no support either
I've paid for, downloaded, and installed, but every time I try to open it says that I need to download the app. Market shows app installed on phone.
I own this app and I can't reinstall the main app because the package file is invalid.
HTC Evo.
This is definitely a well-developed executable. Though expensive, it is highly functional, reliable, & flexible. Recommended upgrade. ~:sds:~ DX
This is definitely a well-developed executable. Though expensive, it is highly functional, reliable, & flexible. Recommended upgrade. ~:sds:~ DX
cannot launch app even though paid and downloaded. Keeps prompting me to download :(
Cannot log in to Google docs with the correct credentials. Tech support is useless. Save your money.
Cannot log in to Google docs with the correct credentials. Tech support is useless. Save your money.
Cannot log in to Google docs with the correct credentials. Tech support is useless. Save your money.
Won't even open an rtf document and I can't get a refund because my phone crashed during the refund process. What a joke.
I bought this but now the free version it runs on chokes on install over and over. Worthless now!
Worked fine until recent update. Now will not work and will not install on my Droid X.
This app is awesome. I spend about 4 hours traveling to get to and from school. I can't always be onn my laptop, but I can always be on my phone. :)
Paid for premium-Doesn't work w/o internet! it can't verify account status, allows read-only, can't even create new docs or access saved, Waste of $!
-5 I say unto you, does not support sumproduct, they did not give me a refund and there is no way to contact them. Buy it if you do not believe
DL'd the "free" app, then tried to dl the full version (as directed) but am not able to access/dl full app after having paid. Immediately rqstd refund
because you only get 15 minutes to decide whether you want it or not! You might as well just use Google Docs for free.
Purchased to test out, didn't like it and will NOT give me a refund and now I'm out $15. Don't buy unless you know you will keep it
It keeps asking me to download and doesn't do it when I try. Luckily I read the reviews and got a refund within the time limit.
Be careful before buying!!! You ONLY have 15 min. From download to get a refund. App. did not work for me and could not get a refund.
Be careful before buying!!! You ONLY have 15 min. From download to get a refund. App. did not work for me and could not get a refund.
Problem downloading, program won't open, wants to keep downloading repeatedly, but never opens. Website is no help. I paid for the full version, sucks
Works great. I can edit save and email my school assignments whenever I want! I highly reccommend this app for student and business people.
Will not download!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now being asked to purchase again- disputing credit card charge as already posted by Goggle!!!!
Worked great on my bb and even better on my epic! Its cheaper for android too :)
Does not work with xoom;I happily Used it on my iPhone. Dissatisfied and hoping they come up with a fix soon
This app doesn't sync with the Xoom, very disappointed. Forum is also LOCKED, so little support provided
It takes forever to load the Full version. Finally, I decide not to wait anymore.
I downloaded the free main app, and the i purchased the full version but it doesnt downloads the full version to unlock the functionality of new docs.
Pretty poor, not worth the price. Won't sign in to Google docs. Lost data with app crash and nag to register won't stop.
Poor usability. This app hasn't moved on much since I used it on Win Mobile 6. Plenty of work to be done to improve the interface.
I'll give it a higher rating when it actually allows me to download and install the key I've paid for
Decent app for "mobile phone" editing. Only complaint is there's no highlight options. Works great on the EVO.
This program is a rip-off. I got it to look at PDF files I've uploaded into my Google Docs and it won't load any of them. Yet when I just use the web browser and go to Google Docs through there, it works fine. What gives? I want a refund!
This program is a rip-off. I got it to look at PDF files I've uploaded into my Google Docs and it won't load any of them. Yet when I just use the web browser and go to Google Docs through there, it works fine. What gives? I want a refund!
This program is a rip-off. I got it to look at PDF files I've uploaded into my Google Docs and it won't load any of them. Yet when I just use the web browser and go to Google Docs through there, it works fine. What gives? I want a refund!
endless cycle asking to download latest version, then it says already downloaded. Uninstalled with refund. Get the bugs out guys! Droid x
was working but now receive prompt to download again, but when I follow directions to do this, market says it is already installed. Very angry!
Force closes on launch. Pretty much wasted my money. Do not buy! Moto cliq xt
Force closes on launch. Pretty much wasted my money. Do not buy! Moto cliq xt
Sorry! Download stopped unexpectedly! IT TOOK 20 minutes to give me that error message. The sad thing is I cant get any help
Problems showing graphics in PDF files. Only Adobe Reader didn't trip over this file. For example: Soccer "Laws of the Game" PDF at ussoccer.org.
Can't open PowerPoint slide shows or PDF files. User support is non-existent. You can't even submit a support question via the Dataviz web page. Their support forum is LOCKED and you can't even post there.
"clear data" will take you in a circle of download-it-you-already-have-it-download-it-you-already-have-it. Just reinstall free version & re-register
This app has been very POOR lately, it used to be one of my favs. It gives me doc errors when trying to save. I lose what I've written. PLEASE FIX!
Crap! I paid $14.99 for the full version and it says it's installed but it's not and I can't get ANY help from Dataviz or google. Droid X
Will not open. Just goes in a loop. Keeps wanting me to download, then says already installed. Very frustrated.
The program couldn't connect via the USB that works for every other program. There is no method for contacting tech support. Disappointed.
works great, the free version does not allow updates. the recent upgrade makes it much faster. it's worth buying if you need to modify documents.
Never got number to activate or register They only give you 15 min to cancel.
You get what you pay for. There are cheaper office programs out there, none match this one. Well worth $14.99, if you need true office functionality.
Pinch zoom not working on droid, can only connect to 1 google docs account, otherwise ok.
No email or.phone support,No MAC desktop sync support. Doesn't allow you to edit and then upload to Google docs. Sucks compared to the iPhone version.
Every file I have is read only because various formulas are unsupported. So I either dumb down my spread sheets to the stone age or waste $15.00.
Good app! Fast file open and display. 5 star if I can rename and move my files.
Can't open it keeps forclosing...bad app.. not worth it especially when you pay good money for it.
Can't open it keeps forclosing...bad app.. not worth it especially when you pay good money for it.
Do not purchase...it is a scam!!! They took my money without delivering a product...app. crashes before it even loads...absolutely NO customer service
The power point doesnt work right it shuts down and Icant see the slide while I'm editing the text- samsung vibrant
It won't let me download and install. I tried to use the alternate method too and it still doesn't work. Can I please have my money back?
This app works without a hitch. Just wish it supported data validation and like mannered things. G2 and bb 8120. No hiccups on either platform.
Android recommnded app to read pfd file... did not work on any of files I attempted to access
Android recommnded app to read pfd file... did not work on any of files I attempted to access
Android recommnded app to read pfd file... did not work on any of files I attempted to access
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
It took half a day to download and I never got the program after I had paid.
Does nothing but forceclose!!! GD disappointment!!! xperia x10... refunding... i have other options...
Paid for this full version and am stuck in an infinite loop where trying to open takes me back to the download page.
Could never get it to sync after two hours of troubleshooting so I am out of fifteen follars
I paid for it but it won't download... Help me fix this & I will give you more stars. Didn't see any way to contact developer w/out going to web pag
I paid for it but it won't download... Help me fix this & I will give you more stars. Didn't see any way to contact developer w/out going to web pag
Only gets an average rating cause there's no over better alternative. Toolbar needs to be on-screen.
Devs made it so you can hide the key so now its five stars! Awesome app!
Not and update im sight.Says failed to download when I try to open google docs and thats why I paid for it. AVOID
Not and update im sight.Says failed to download when I try to open google docs and thats why I paid for it. AVOID
Five stars, supports app2sd, developer works hard to update an already very useful app they care about making the best on the market!
Five stars, supports app2sd, developer works hard to update an already very useful app they care about making the best on the market!
I wanted to use Excel and use the basic sum formulae and it would not let me. I was very disappointed. No refunds given even if unintalled immediately
A must have for people who need to do more than just p layon their tablet!
I wish I could give it 0 stars. I wanted to use this on my tablet but it does in fact check for license every time. I do not have a data plan.Perfect
Unistalled. A very big hassle to try snd sync. Did not auto refund either even though I only had it for a few hours. Not impressed.
You should consumer know that desk top app is necessary to complete link between phone and desk top. Poor business practice.
Awesome program! Well worth the money. Not sure if it will transfer when I get a new Droid though. Should have Bluetooth so I can print, 4 stars.
I would give it 5**s if i can be able to download my files off the internet or use share button, theres no share button on this.
Did not install correctly and 15minute refund did allow to inquire about problem...
Documentation sez app can run from SD. You lied to me! What happens when I can't connect!
Works great for what I need to do. I do school reports while at worj and email them to myself for editing on my main computer at home.
Must download additional files. Not enough time to evaluate, so refunding until eval time is extended beyond 15 minutes.
Latest update will not work without internet connection. Was a decent product before, now completely useless. Sort it out Dataviz!
Excellent app if you depend on Microsoft Office programs for organization! Works just as it says it will.
I finally got a refund 2day. Thank u Dataviz! Will try 2 purchase again after I download the free vers. Process needs 2 b more clear-cut & simpler.
I finally got a refund 2day. Thank u Dataviz! Will try 2 purchase again after I download the free vers. Process needs 2 b more clear-cut & simpler.
After installing the program said the key is not valid, kept documents to go locked, and would not give me a refund. Ripoff!
5 stars if more image types supported, notification bar and full reg check removed... couldn't use for 3wks when abroad when w/o internet connection!
Redownloaded on a new phone. Instructions not friendly. Works. But why did I have to download the Free version as well?
Beware. I paid for the full version and have installed it but trying to open it says download it from the market. No customer service. Very shoddy
Worthless! Typical BS! "You can (do what I want to do)." But not 1 dam word about HOW Won't refund b/c took 2 long 2 fail!
Worthless! Typical BS! "You can (do what I want to do)." But not 1 dam word about HOW Won't refund b/c took 2 long 2 fail!
I love Docs to Go. Very easy to use. It's a handy office on my phone. Droid X user.
I've been using this for a while and does everything it says it does. 10 stars from me. EVO
office suit pro, allows better xcell functionality. Looking to get refund for this one
Key does not work with my device, tells me it is not a valid android key. Uninstalled
Never realized how much I hated this app until I used it. HORRIBLY unintuitive. Everything from selecting text to bringing up the keyboard is a PAIN!
App never down loaded. It claimed I purchased it, but all I have is the basic version. GARBAGE DO NOT DOWNLOAD!
Zero customer service. Won't find any Excel files on my phone. Somehow the free versions that are on the phone find them. What a crappy app.
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
no functional issues w droid/incredible, but prog checks If u r a reg. user everytime you open it-a prob if your out of service range, won't work!
Honestly there is no better. The things it is capable of doing is endless. Don't wait! Well worth the money if you need or use any kind of documents!
Asks for google password. Hence useless for google docs. Won't refund, even after 2 minutes. Beware!! they're taking the money but won't answer mails
Excellent - now if only Dataviz would put out an Android version of Passwords Plus, I'd be in heaven. HTC Evo
Just got full version and love it. Will be happier when I learn how to delete files! Not obvious unfortunately. Great app and concept!
Every time you switch to another app, when you come back it is bank at the beginning of the pdf file. Could definitely handle large files better
Unreal teamed with swype. Can get anything done from almost anywhere. Best fifteen dollars I've spent in a while.
Add a rotate lock feature for the pdf viewer word wrap. It would be nice to have it not move
Doesn't work with Google Doc & won't give you refund even if it hasn't been 24hrs. Rip off!
I payed for this app threw google but the company would not let me access app until i gave them my credit card info...SCAM
Did not work. Javaex exception and did not open the word doc it said it could. I have found support difficult to obtain at best.
Neat app but brace yourself for the never-ending stream of spam that the company will send you. Also verifies your key through net every time you open
Editing text in Word (ie. keyboard, cut, paste, copy, etc.) is like pulling teeth. Doesn't ask you to save on exit, and doesn't!!! CRAPOLA!!!!!!!!!
Way to many steps to pull up keyboard or edit doc. Only good for reading MS office doc not editing or creating unless you have a lot of free time.
Freeze pane doesn't work right. Columns to left of freeze are lost or screwed up. Had I known, wouldn't have paid.
I bought the full version a while ago and now I have to pay again w/o any sort of rebate?! They better not do this again
Originally had a hard time opening. Now it seems to be working. We shall see.
Can't get sync with google docs, login fails. Several reports of this on support site...
Great app. However, unable to figure out how to add pictures to PowerPoint presentation.
Great app. However, unable to figure out how to add pictures to PowerPoint presentation.
No wireless sync ? Thats why I bought it! More features but worse than iPhone edition, Clumsy awkward, not intuitive
Great program, very useful I use it all the time. It would be nice if there was an easier way to close docs other than the menu. GREAT APP!
Its just really bad. After seening the iwork on ipad, this is just very amature in comparison. Refund. Google please make native Gdocs app.
Why does it validate my account every time i reopen docs to go this is a waste of my time while it connects to validate something i paid for. I lookin
Cant get the program to sync with desktop. Website no help. No phone number to call.
Wish email spt. Excel fails to show charts and always checking acct status, which is annoying and slow.
Had it on my blackberry and liked it then. The version for Evo is even better!
Had it on my blackberry and liked it then. The version for Evo is even better!
Doesn't work with dropbox even though iPad and iPhone app does why not android it is far more capable
Sometimes it sync,sometimes its not.Its driving me crazy.It shows a message:please insert a memory card.I don't know why.
Best app for productive people. Well worth the money. Hasn't failed once. Palm centro and HTC hero.
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
Keep on force close for google docs and to open my email attachments keep on asking for password but i like the idea dx2.2 uninstall
No support. I have to have both free and paid copy loaded to work. Google docs locks up.
Loved it before the update. Toggle keyboard sucks. Don't know if this has something to do with my new Vibrant or the upgrade. De-installing.
New interface (even on paid version) includes crap ware - i.e., persistant tab directing you to their store.
Could not edit excel doc because of unsupported functions. Deal breaker so uninstalled it.
I bought the upgrade but would not download the activation key,emailed dataviz no results. It would seem like once they have your money, why rush.
The install process downloaded the key, but not the app. But the Android Market thinks the app was downloaded, leaving uninstall as the only option.
I really hate the latest changes. I can't open the app I want directly & finding the files I want has become obnoxious. I hate it checking my account.
I really hate the latest changes. I can't open the app I want directly & finding the files I want has become obnoxious. I hate it checking my account.
This app was great on my old droid, but now totally doesn't work and no support available. SUCKS!
Very un-intuitive. Simple editing requires so many steps its like a file search. Doesn't work properly w/andoid or swype keyboard
Very un-intuitive. Simple editing requires so many steps its like a file search. Doesn't work properly w/andoid or swype keyboard
I HATE the latest upgrade - I can't just open the app i want directly anymore. SUCKS!
Force close every time i touch Google docs... before it even logs in. tmobile g2
It works ok but working in a Word Document is very awkward. You must toggle to get a keyboard and then you get a little box to type in.
Does as describes. Transfers files from computer to my Droid for editing,create new files, or view from other sources.
Says it works with Motorola Backflip. Has not been able to open one file yet. Even with Word. It says file corrupt on every file.
This update KILLED what was am absolutely essential app! I can't even save an Excel file now! Recent docs folder is empty! Please fix it!
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
So terrible i cant begin to describe! Why isnt there features and visuals similar to ipads document processors. Dell Streak
Does not support Excel functions. Does not open password protected files. Cannot delete. This pricey software does not deliver!
Can't get any tech support to figure out how to share my documents from pc to Droidx or how to alphabetize my list when I'm finished like I can on pc
Purchased app thinking u cd put on SD Card. Says it's 4MB & it's taking up 8MB of space on ph & u can't put on SD??? RIDICULOUS!! PLS FIX! Mot Droid.
This software is supposed to be the best you can get. Dataviz is supposed to be the best you can get. This software crashed my phone.
I got fully riped off, does not even load, no phone support when you call. No refund, 100% criminal
I got fully riped off, does not even load, no phone support when you call. No refund, 100% criminal
Does everything advertised. For business professionals well worth the price. HTC Aria
This is the best office app available! It really does what its supposed to, with real professionalism.
So easy to use and so efficient! I use it at all my meetings and conferences.
Decent to good program but switching back & forth from selection mode to keyboard is time consumming, cumbersome, & annoying. Also NO TABBING!
GOT QUESTIONS!? Well too bad! They offer no support email on the Market nor their webpage!! You state PASSWORD PROTECTION? Nowhere to be found!!?!
Website claims this program can open password protected pdf files; however, this is not the case with my files from school.
AFTER I PAID FOR IT AND DOWN LOADED IT. It WOULD. Not OPEN AND NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT. TO TALK. TO ABOUT. PROBLEM. RIP OFF!!!! BEWARE!
Not much edit options on excel, cannot even do the sum... but all in all it's not so bad, and it's a necessary tool to me
Free version Would not open on samsung vibrant Full version would not find or open docs. Use ThinkFree Office and downloaded free pdf app. instead.
Used to work with mu Gmail bit switched to work email with active sync and never works. Money wasted at this point. Please fix.
Used to work with mu Gmail bit switched to work email with active sync and never works. Money wasted at this point. Please fix.
Works well, but beware. I had an issue and they seem to have removed any ability to get support except to read the forum. Unacceptable!
I am a huge fan in the Documents to go app. Very nice having the ability to create, edit and delete contents in the few Microsoft tools integrated. T!
I was able to type my resume so I could have it on file! A+++
I was able to type my resume so I could have it on file! A+++
Can't open it, no contact available for saupport, no way to get your money back. Complete rip off
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
D2Go for Android is 5 steps BACKWARDS in technology. No desktop sync. Sucks. What era are we living in.
Half of my files can't be opened and those that can are too small to read. Complete waste of money.
Half of my files can't be opened and those that can are too small to read. Complete waste of money.
I've tried all the apps and this one works the best. Only one to work on a Word file with multiple charts and tables embedded. Droid X
Dataviz was just bought by RIM. Careful buying this app. It may not have future support.
Best I have seem for android. Worth the money if you handle multiple docs as I do
Has worked great. I do wish I could pinch to zoom while viewing PDF files. Other than that.... no complaints. dInc
Would be nice if it even opened. It just keeps sending me to download it even though its installed.
My Droid stopped working & now I can't reinstall because I don't have my registration key & can't even access technical support without the key ...
My Droid stopped working & now I can't reinstall because I don't have my registration key & can't even access technical support without the key ...
My Droid stopped working & now I can't reinstall because I don't have my registration key & can't even access technical support without the key ...
Had to uninstall, kept getting error that web page did not exsist. Never coulb get it to work
Ok Needs multi touch for zoom. Get rid of double icon; annoying! Also need option to turn off move down after modifying a cell. Must use = for formula
Does not work. Once installed directs me to finish downloading to a web page with error. Please fix. EVO
Dont bother buying if you use formulas in excel...doesnt support it. What a waste of money.
Latest update locked out the ability to create new or open. Redownloaded & installed several times still doesn't work on purchased key. Droid 2.2
Latest update locked out the ability to create new or open. Redownloaded & installed several times still doesn't work on purchased key. Droid 2.2
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
This update has disabled the application. Prompts me to install every time it is launched. No longer usable and now I dread the customer support fight
Cannot get it to work on Android 2.1. To load it keeps going back to same page, like a dog chasing his tail.
Got docstogo because quickoffice doesn't allow copy/paste. But, docstogo doesn't allow viewing email attachments from anything other than gmail
Got docstogo because quickoffice doesn't allow copy/paste. But, docstogo doesn't allow viewing email attachments from anything other than gmail
Would not let me download the key so uninstalled and got a refund. This program is important for me to have. Very disappointing.
This app sucks when you are typing on word it will shutdown without notice. I will be asking for a refund.
Wont download full version app kept sending me back to Android Market. Thanks DataViz
Works...But, interface is rudimentary, and provides extremely LIMITED ABILITY (very basic), when actually creating NEW documents
I can't edit my document it keeps saying copied to clip board and is completely useless to me need help. HTC Eris. Email me if you can make it work
I can't edit my document it keeps saying copied to clip board and is completely useless to me need help. HTC Eris. Email me if you can make it work
Very nice ap! But you don't have option to insert date. You have to put it in..
Downloaded and got caught in a loop that kept cycling thru download pages. For $15, should be easier. Uninstalling.
Not able to send email with attachment. Please fix this and I'll update my rating.
Not able to send email with attachment. Please fix this and I'll update my rating.
Not able to send email with attachment. Please fix this and I'll update my rating.
This wont download with out a registration number and they don't give you a reg.number
It doesn't work on the Android platform and tech support is not available unless you give them even more money.
Doesn't do what is says will not edit PDF file and the screen keyboard does not work.
Thei nstall is terrible and support even worse- both give you a circular run around with NO redress
QuickOffice is 10x better. Lacks tons of functions compared to other products, and what is available is limited just like their support.
I am having trouble completing the download. Phone keeps saying app is installed. Won't allow me to finish. No support contact info with Dataviz!
Would like to see a toolbar with bold, italic, centre, keyboard tab options, also double-tap to highlight a word. Otherwise 5 stars.
The site that directs u to ur key is defective they don't offer phone tech support a better app available by another company WORKED ON MY EVO
At first it kept looping on the install and unlock but after installing the full and then the trial, I opened a doc with the trial and then unlocked
I repurchased your app a second time and still won't work. Fix the problem! Please!.
DO NOT BUY THIS APP! This company will take your money and keep your key. Despite online tech, forum, and land line calls, they will ignore you!
Wouldn't open all the sheets on my xls docs. Too hard to switch between sheets, just wasn't functional
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can't install and get it working on Droid X. Super - they got my $, I got the endless loop!
This would not let me complete the download on my Evo. The link kept sending me back to the market.
Unsupported & poorly documented. Cannot get past the install. It is in an endless loop
This company does not support there products! You cannot call the company nor do they reply to emails.
This company does not support there products! You cannot call the company nor do they reply to emails.
You mislead that your product opens password protected files.....it does not open Word 2007 files
Can't get it to work on droid x... keeps asking me to downlad it- i already did, you idiot.
You have to dl the free version 1st, then the "full". That's what just worked for me using my new Vibrant
I purchased this & downloaded & installed it. All it does is an infinite loop telling me to click on a button to download it. Over & over POC!
Very poor word processing/editing on the simple word doc I tried. I'm using a dell streak on android 1.6 so maybe that has something to do with it.
Now i just paid to have two icons for one app.. fix and youll get a fair review. No updates for months either.
Editing in word with incredible using large keyboard don't work so well. As soon as you hit enter button the documents text rearranges.
Every time I try to open a Excel file,the following message appears; 'an internal error has occurred (2027)
Can't figure out how to edit cells in a sheet that I use on my compator plus can't get it to download that spreadsheet with all my information in it.
Do you need Java or sthg? Program crashes when I try to save a new doc - cites java error.
Can't open it moto droid...OK opened!! This is a great product.. I didn't want to install the tryout version first in oder to download the main. ..wel
Love the main app. Hate that the key has to stay in my app drawer as a separate app.
Too expensive and not nearly as intuitive as iPhone application. Can't wait. Until january
Quite possibly the worst tech support of an app on the Droid market. After paying your money you have to go on a rabbit hunt to find the key.
This app worked 1 day and has not been working since then. There are no more updates for it. Would NOT recommend.
For anyone experiencing the "endless loop" of register download etc. Unfortunately you have to have free version AND the full version for it to work
Purchased app and it worked for a while. Now it says to download it but it wont let me download.
En dless download loop site says not their fault, bull, no probs with 6 othe apps in stalled today
En dless download loop site says not their fault, bull, no probs with 6 othe apps in stalled today
Program won't open on Evo 4g even though its paid for and phone says app is installed
Basically word to go is unusable. haven't even dared use other parts. Sort it out developers.
Almost impossibly cumbersom to use. It doesn't edit easily etc. I'm very sorry I spent the money to buy it. I'd really like my money back
The actual app WILL NOT download to my phone! I want a refund, Or for it to work.
If you are having an issue down loading it from the key like I was make sure that you turn mobile browsing on in the internet options.
Will not download. I do not where to go from here. I have used documents to go in the past and like the software. I guess I'll justvkeep trying
Very useful app. Now i have the option to leave my laptop behind if i travel and still want doc editing ability. Moto droid
Great app for students...but a few suggestions...1) should be able to view ppt slide notes 2) need more editing features 3) can't insert pics
Works well, but Droid Marketplace purchasers have special no-key activation. Call sales if problems activating!
Only loops screens to download and doesn't allow you to down load. For $15 this is a ripoff!
Great app, however, app opens in the background without being open by the user. Please fix.
Impossible to reinstall after a hard reboot which is inevitable on the Android at this time 6/11/10
Would not install on Evo. Asking for refund. I'm disappointed because I really need this app.
Would not install on Evo. Asking for refund. I'm disappointed because I really need this app.
Best app out there! I used to have windows mobile and now my Droid does everything for me. Is there app for washing my Harley
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
Can 't get it todown load. Just get 404 error code. Dataviz is no help, either
I got an error message when I tried to open it.best I can tell dataviz just stole 15 bucks from me
Needs Google Docs sync in order to be a real killer app. Still, the best mobile office suite for Android, though.
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
used one of my formula heavy Excel workbook. Most cells were read only because most functions were not supported. The original format was allscrewy
This app is awesome! It came in handy so much during school. I don't know what I would do without it
Excel locks and crashes. PDF is unable to open pages other than first on large documents with embedded photos
love the app. helps me keep my work files with me. wish I could highlight PDF files
love the app. helps me keep my work files with me. wish I could highlight PDF files
Purchased then uninstalled due to required download web page showing 404 error. Will try again later and re-rate.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Worth the money. I used it on my BB and it is better on the Incredible.
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Great app but please add auto capitalization. and a few more upgrades in the view area for word and excell
Should say up front it doesn't work with android pop or imap program. I don't want all my mail to come through gmail for this to work...
Need to fix the two icons. Other than that, its great. And yes, thanks to our cinco de mayo we all got hooked up... brown pride!
This app is a waste of money. Email attachments in word should be a basic function, not a road block. Totally useless.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
Can't open anything large out of email on droid. Frustrating at times. Not too bad
I purchased the unlock key & I have to download the application & install it in order to use it everytime I start the application
This is the smartest purchase I ever made! I get so much more work and studying done because of it! Definitely worth the money!
Piece of junk. Nothing formats correctly and it all looks like my two-year-old nephew was pounding on the keys. Complete waste of money.
This app is great for those who need to view Office files on the go but I had to give it 1 star because it litters the launcher with 2 icons.
The program always looses my files. Says they weren't properly saved. Never had a problem on my windows mobile phone before, ever. Don't buy it.
Pdf viewer didn't work with this app on windows mobile. It does not with android either for this app. Get beam reader. Word and excel good.
Pdf viewer didn't work with this app on windows mobile. It does not with android either for this app. Get beam reader. Word and excel good.
can't get to complete full download after it indicates "installed" maybe it is incompatable with Droid tried two installations, now not refundable.
Wont let me download file after purchase! Says 404 file not found....terrible customer service..waited on phone forever finally gave up. 404 error.
Wow, what a waste. Trying to open a PowerPoint file is impossible. Granted it was a pretty big file, but i can't find any info on their site, yelch
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
Wont open file names with spaces. Doesn't read excel 07 correctly. Will display incorrect or with missing data. Largely useless
Everything you need for MS office functionality on the go. Works great with roadsync for the android.
Improvments previously mentioned will obviously improve this product, but i give 5 stars for the discounted price.
Does not allow editing of XLS files with formulas or PDFs. Defeats the purpose of paying the full price.
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
I like that i can create a document and attach it in an email. Totally worth the price on my first document.
I like that i can create a document and attach it in an email. Totally worth the price on my first document.
I like that i can create a document and attach it in an email. Totally worth the price on my first document.
All my excel spreadsheets get corrupted when closed, after re-opening all info is jumbled about....
I bought this product to open PDF mainly. It only showed a blank page for my email attached PDF files. Beam reader showed it just fine.
I had this on my Blackberry. And changed phone's and numbers there should have been a way to get credit but it was worth buying again
Will not open PDF Files in e mail / thats what I bought it for.
This program is sauce!! Perfect for people on the go and especially for students needing to finish those last minute reports.
Really, desperately need to be able to create charts/tables in excel... :( please add!
I constantly use my Droid for work. I prepare all my weekly salesplans on the go and this app is a lifesaver. 4 stars only because no print support.
Very limited useability. Droid app needs a lot of feature improvement. Slow support. WAY over-priced!
I needed a mobile solution for viewing and editing an Excel spreadsheet while away from the office. This does exactly what i need.
Won't open Powerpoint (.pps) or an Excel 2002 files in email attachments. For $30 it's not very full featured.
I used palm for six years and granted the functionality is not the same but the interface cannot be beat. I love it.
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
I hate that I need the free version for this app to work (-4 stars). Absolutely unacceptable for a $20 app. DO NOT BUY
I had this on my Palm Treo years ago and am disappointed. This version is missing so much functionality. Hopefully they will improve this.
Great App! I would love to see a small toolbar for quick edits like italics, bold and such. Otherwise it's perfect!
Starting to wonder why i bought this.removing usefull parts of the app because they are lzy. No reason the attach to email shouuld have been removed.
This is the worse document app ever.. i have a micrsoft excel document, that this app cant open.. but another app on windows base phone will.$14.99lol
Essential to get the most from your phone. Issues with pdf attachments, otherwise great.
Doesn't open attachments on its own. You will be directed to another app of theirs that you have to buy. Very shady.
Did not work on my I-Touch. Purchased the full version and it would not open word or pdf files.
Would be 5 stars if it didn't keep force closing and losing my data in the process
Received error 404 when downloading main application from product key page. Had just installed 2.0.1 to the Droid, but their tech support was no help
App crashes more than anything else on my phone. I feel robbed for spending ten dollars for garbage.
Needs to retain actual filenames of attachments and not the current "attachment.xxx" for every file you want to save from inbox. Get rid of key icon.
It only took 2 minutes to fall in love with this application. If you use office docs, this is a must have.
I had this on my Palm. Was really geeked to see it for my DROID
Bought full version. Cant open attachments. Customer service only avail 9 to 3 EST only.
Woah! Watch out! They state specifically on their web site this app is not supported, even for paying customers. Did not open PDF files. Refunded.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Doesnt seem to let me see charts or tabs for spreadsheets, might try again if i need its semi-functionality in a bind
Does not work if you are using an exchange server. And forwarding to gmail account does not work either. The search engine for "help" was a joke.
Wow this app is so nice on moto droid's screen. Love the app and is a must have to open and edit office documents.
Exel component is a disaster on android. Cells rearrange themselves randomly. I am a DTG fan on Palm and very dissapointed with this version.
Would not find my power point files. I downloaded office suite instead and it sees my files just fine. I am returning this software.
I really do not need to edit and this product does a poor format job of viewing Spreadsheets. I decided to go with OfficeSuite
Price is a little steep but the best app out there! Maybe add Outlook integration for people who don't use MS Exchange?
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Great product!!! I had it for my Blackberry Pearl and was sad when I had to give it up when I got G1. Happy it's now available for G1. Thanks
Excellent App! Needs a few features, (RTF, TXT...) HOWEVER the PDF support is great and makes it well worth the price. Reduced space will be a bonus!
Ok, some tell me how do I open up my documents. I paid for this but I cant open my docs. HELP
After the last update it won't open my excel doc, which is why I bought the program ...once updated it'll be 4-5 stars again
Link to key download broken. dataviz don't answer emails. I've paid for something I can't use
I downloaded full version on 8/11/09. The pdf viewer does not work. It's not reading any of the pdf files on my pda. Tim
It doesn't open up excell docs as attachments, not the same quality as on other platforims
Will update to more stars once update is out and review. As of right now it is not worth the $!!
Needs to have an update before the end of August befor college starts. Needs to compatible with HTML. Will recieve more stars once done.
Needs to have an update before the end of August befor college starts. Needs to compatible with HTML. Will recieve more stars once done.
I thought it opened documents from email, like my work email but i cannot open document attachments.
This thing doesnt view and open attachments which is the whole reason why I bought it. If they add that I'll re-purchase it for sure. (Refunded)
So so...wouldnt let me select several cells on excel, no pdf, no powerpoint...too expensive for what it does
Many symbols do not show up in this expensive app but the exact same symbols display in Quickoffice which is free. I don't see a point in buying this app when a free app does it better.
I use to love her once but all my loving is a gone, gone, gone, gone. When i had it on my iPhone i loved it but since i moved to android i have found better ones, sorry. It is still the same, i think but i just fell in love with another.
The full version on iOS enables you to bold, highlight spreadsheets... etc etc...   Why not on Android?
Opened app. Says to click to download. Clicked button. Takes to play store. Play store shows downloaded. Pressed open. Same result. Can't use app. I am running jellybean
This crashed on me three times today on a new ASUS Transformer Prime. Two of those times, I lost the work that I had done up to that point. I was unhappy.  The interface is smooth, but I just can't take the chance on losing more words.
At first it worked for me, then I was unable too open certain attachments of pictures and etc.
Can't access my external sd card on my new Samsung galaxy S III
This is coming from someone who's using an Asus Transformer Infinity.  This app does the best job of reading and editing footnotes on documents that already have footnotes made on them, but is unable to format them in and of itself. Once it is able to make footnotes I'll give this app a full 5 stars.. otherwise it's not of much use to me...
I have the full keyed version but where is spell check why is it not there?
I bought this app when I had the g2. Loved it! And just upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S3. Now, I can't access external sd card files, without manually searching through a third party file manager, making the app cumbersome to use.
Bought $15 version for my Samsung galaxy tab and never could get it to fully perform its functions...very frustrating. Try Quick Office pro it works in full functionality. Docs to Go works well on Ipad, but not on droid os
this app still needs a lot of work to make it more intuitive and functional.  Not happy with it so far. I prefer using Quick office for word document, that's a million times better than this half done application.
I am tired of losing text. Overall the app works fine, but when switching saving from writing in horizontal mode it takes ages to save and if you are uncertain if you asked it to save and do it again the app stops working and you lose everything since your last save. It seems kind of ironic that it says IntactTechnology while saving.  I really hope that this is fixed in future models or that it only affects this model.
This is my third paid version. I made the mistake hoping there may have been some much needed improvements since my last purchase . Wish I could get some money back on this one. There is better out there.... keep looking. :-(
Several times I have lost files after it force closes. This happens with documents I create on the app and with files I created on Word. I have contacted the developer and there is no fix. The frustration is not worth the price of convenience. There's always Google Docs which saves continuously.
(Samsung Galaxy Tab-Verizon version). Every time I try to edit a document, I have had to force stop this app, especially using the word version.
Image is shown on my built in Document Viewer, but not shown on Documents To Go. So disappointed.
I bought full version then booted. Now when I click on home screen icon it keeps on telling me to download full version. Please fix.
Unable to view ms excel docs.  Shows one page as 4 pages. Unable to format fit to page.
A year ago this would have been a good app. However with tablets and otherdeveopers starting from scratch this app has been left for dust. It has many of the funtions youmigt look for so on paper it looks good but when you compare it to office pro or polaris itis clear this app is from a generation past. Zooming around a document and the interface is not designed around this or the last generation devices feels very 1990's which is whenI used it last. The trial hides some of the underlying issues with editing and saving documents cant even edit an RTF document which is a pretty basic word document. Wish I spent my money on officesuite in the first place which is what I have decided to go with for the reasons above. I cant see the problems with this app being resolved with out a major rewrite and I cant see surviving without one.
I asked and asked for this feature, and never got it, so after 1.5 years of being ignored, I installed this and went with Office Suite Pro. I highly recommend OSP!
On the asus transformer prime tablet, the locate files on sd card needs to be fixed cause documents to go can't even detect that its there while every other app can. Allow the users to manually enter the file location as opposed to just a drop down window. Please fix for those like me who bought the app!
Just to be clear, version 4 of Docs To Go on the iPad handles tables just fine. Version 3 for Android does not work with Excel tables. Found out the hard way after having had purchased the full version key.
I have a payable verzion, but it is crap, don' ooen rtf file. I needed to install office suit.
I mostly use the Word part and it needs work.  Like: Auto caps after a period Auto spelling correct Auto period after two spaces.
It allows me go read and do basic editing of MS Word, Excel, and power point files. It doesnt really display exactly at 100% of the original file. Ie, format maybe out and certain font not applicable, ppt animation not working.  I cant even create or edit pdf files, which was the main reason I even bought the full version as to create and edit pdf files. Now all I can do is view, copy and save existing pdf files.  I say this is not worth buying if you are expecting full desktop experience, but good enough to do basic editing.
The creation tools are hard to use and controls are buried in menus. There is no way to add pictures to Powerpoints. So disappointed.
Office suite in getjar gold is better
I don't know what is wrong with this company, but they haven't keep up with tablet market at all. Their user interface is horrible, no page preview therefore no sense of what the final document might look like. Why the free polaris office actually has much better interface from this.  It is unfortunate to see a product once a maket leader turned into this. I have used docs to go as early as palm3c and early nokias therefore im speaking as a very long time user.
I thought that it was compatible with Microsoft Office 2010 but it's not which makes me kinda mad because OfficeSuite Professional 5 is which is what is needed on any mobile office if it compatible with Word. I can open all of my documents in OfficeSuite Professional 5 but I can't in DTG!! I would not recommend this app at all until the company makes it compatible with Word 2010.
Pretty useless with only Google docs support.
There is a real problem with theis programme as it DOES NOT provide for reading RTF format documents. I was told that this programme was the best around, but it has a really BIG HOLE in it. How about the developer do an upgrade to enable the programme to read and edit RTF format documents.  I usually use MS Word, and a lot of documents i get are in RTF format. So come on guys, FIX IT.
Hey guys,  loving the app but please update..  It force closes often!!  Galaxy note
You need to add more fonts to this, there's only 15 here and in the computer Microsoft it contains hundreds and even thousands of different fonts, and you can't do much either, you're better off using a labtop instead.
This app works well for most things, but it won't open any Office 10 documents or documents with PDFs embedded.  Rea dissapointment there.
I bought this for my Android tablet to write reports on the move. I like how this opens password protected files. It is mega disappointing to have to then send to my laptop for spelling and grammar checking. This is more disappointing when I find out the blackbberry  version has spell checking.
Excel editing is very weak. Other than that a useless app. Not worth the money. There are free apps that as much as this paid app.
Have java .io.EOFException problems opening word docs that worked once and then not again.  Really need help please.
Excellent program. Always opens on my phone and tablet.  Never fails to open word or Excel documents and PDF documents open just as easy.
After reading many reviews I purchased docs to go full version but Could not find insert or read comments on individual cells in spread sheet for which I purchased the app, lacks features in both docs and spreadsheet. please continue improving.  when purchased through android market refund is allowed within  only 15 minutes, that is not a ethical practice, it should be at par with your standard practice of 30 days.
Really not that impressed with this even as viewer rather than an editor. For example, it doesn't even show all charts in powerpoint correctly
No docx file support?????   What is going on here.  Update or i will have to seek a refund and find something that actually works.
Why? No updates for quite some time, no support for word docs made from a Mac. Kingsoft is free right now, has better UI, supports Mac word docs, among other things. Somehow regretted paying for DocsToGo, but it had its uses before in all fairness. Just simply outclassed now.
I'm not giving you my Google password! There's a secure way to connect to GDocs, and this isn't it.
Opens Docs FROM but doesn't save them TO sugarsync cloud. 

Documents "For Here", NOT "To Go".
Won't play excel 2003 files for me. Very disappointing
Editing is an ordeal, often impossible, it's very buggy. And there are free apps for viewing. So quite pointless.
Dressed up old app from thr PALM heyday... 4.5 star rating is just CRAZY!!!	I bought it based on rating to later find that most other productivity apps have MUCH MUCH better User Interfaces. Works, but NOT exceptional.
I used this once, but now it keeps sending me to the download page, then tells me its been downloaded and says open & the cycle starts all over again.
There is so much that can be improved. Paying for the key is a waste of money.
Don't waste your money. Doesn't even open most docs for me.
The main app that used to work well enough, now shuts down the android market and makes it unusable. Now that I have deleted it the market shuts down when I try to retry the download. Meanwhile i have to eat the cost of this full version that I can't use without the main app. I would think that they would fix that, but not for a couple months now.
Navigating this word processor It's a cumbersome task, not for the faint of heart.
In google docs it is nothing but problems. Fails to download files. Forgets your login information. Fails to save properly. It has been hassle-fest
Docs are barely readable on Zoom tab.  Everything is out of focus unless you enlarge the view.  Not suitable for presentations.  I'm really disappointed.
In word to go, every time I press and hold in the document to access the menu, it deletes the character next to the cursor. Very annoying.
I wanted this to work but not enough support. I can't figure out how to sync docs our to upload to google docs
Can't even open files it claims it can. Lost a lot of business because of it
Had this app since the g1 days still love on my g2x.
Works ok, needs drop box support to be a real tool.
Doesn't talk to the android keyboard properly which makes editing really fiddly and annoying.
It keeps asking me to register the app every time I open it!!! Very annoying!! Also when I try to open and excel doc. It displays a Java error message
Can't delete nor rename files. Don't need two Icons for the same App.
Prompts me to reinsrall every time I open it. WTF? Please fix this...it renders dtg useless...and I just paid 15 bucks for it.!?
makes a mess of most powerpoint files i have tried...especially complex slide decks with images etc. never had one render properly. needs more testing
It's okay, but breaks gdocs formatting and deletes ask your charts when saving changes.
Spreadsheet frustrating. Menus not intuitive to me. Editing cell clears clipboard. Two-key sort produces incorrect order. No response from developer.
Needs to mimic a more recent version of powerpoint. I would really like to be able to take notes under the slide.
I've had this for awhile and it won't show MS Word docs correctly.
Will not allow user to set own folder path on SD card, it is hard coded for a pre-configured folder. Paid app nags every time you open it to register your email address. Why? I bought the thing. You don't need my information. 2 stars until more user control is allowed.
This software has been great until now. I purchased SwiftKey keyboard for my Samsung Galaxy Tab. The return key doesn't work now.
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
Nice app. Could use some more options, but pretty impressive for what it can do.
Paid for full version but it would not give me it. Ut said purchased but the version was still trial and not full like it should of been. Want refun
I purchased this program due to the ease of use. However my company replaced my android based device with an Ipad. They will not let you transfer program to another device.
It dose NOT support Arabic texts though Andoid 3.1 dose support it in my Xoom.
Does not sync with Google docs Motorola Xoom. Constant "sync failed" error. I purchased because I need/want seemless syncing. Please fix or refund.
Functions are basic but comprehensive, needs update to new phone capabilities. U I is clunky
I once loved this software, but recently it has begun refusing to save changes. The interface is clunky and complicated and I FAR prefer Quickoffice
What is going on? Worked great, last month til now absolute p.o.s. Forceclose is all I get.
UGH! I bought this app mainly for the advertised syncing with Google Docs. I thought it would be AMAZING to be able to edit and create Google Doc files on the go - however, when I connected this app with Google Docs and tried to edit\open a file, the app gave me a message: "Failed to download file". No reason, or solution, and DataViz has NO support or forums (forums are locked, and their support forms are broken)
Description of Word-to-Go mentions track-changes. This is a misleading description. Full app will only allow you to view tracked changes made on a PC. You cannot track changes in a Word document when editing on Android device. Please add ability to track changes in a future release.
Great app!!! Include more of what can be done on a laptop when creating ppt presentations that would be ideal. Clip art, autoshapes,smartart etc
Over a year and still no spell check. Unresponsive developer. The app is useless without it.
Bought this several months ago, but now DTG is seriously falling behind compared to Quickoffice Pro
Wish it also worked with open office. And don't purchase thinking that u will get a refund! Yeah that don't work . No support
Program wiill not use my xlsx files says file is read only because formulas are unsupported even though they are in the list of supported functions
Please enhance Word editing so we can see entire doc, instead of just single line we are editing. Android 2.0
$15??? R U kidding me? No conditional formatting. Feature poor. Waste your money on something else!
No spell checker, keyboard should pop up, zoom in/out in the way, can't highlight word to change it. Make option to start at bottom of doc. No dropbox
This is a real disappointment. To make a word bold you have to navigate too much through menus... why didn't you just give us a richtext toolbar to use?
You guys need to put up a support email address, we have no way to directly contact you about things like failing to get a refund.
Purchased 24 hours ago on Xoom, hasn't allowed me to install, still tells me to buy and no option for refund.
You would be nuts to order this app...it didn't download...when I called Dataviz recording said no support
Pdf reader has few features, can't copy/paste and displayes images in negative, not even b&w. The other parts of this program ? Disappointed so far
Worked great on my bb and even better on my epic! Its cheaper for android too :)
Excel reader doesn't recognize range names. Cell displays and error in any cell which has been reference to a range named cell.
14 bucks and it will view SOME of my Google docs. Others say "failed to download". Weak.
I've used Documents ToGo on my Palm so when I paid for the Full Version for my Droid I expected more than I got. The Sheet To Go 3.002 does not display charts produced in Excel 2007 or allow me to create new charts, even though the documentation says it should. The so-called "support forum" is useless because it will not allow me to post messages, even after I have registered, and there are only two messages posted about missing charts, and they were from an earlier version.
It took half a day to download and I never got the program after I had paid.
Only gets an average rating cause there's no over better alternative. Toolbar needs to be on-screen.
Poor tech support. Tried on computer and when I submitted question it stated web site not found. Company has no contact info except web.
Unistalled. A very big hassle to try snd sync. Did not auto refund either even though I only had it for a few hours. Not impressed.
I liked it until I wiped my phone and did a reinstall...now sync is impossible
More paranoid than Hollywood, the developers seem to think it's ok to severely slow down start up by checking the install key EVERY time it's used.
Documentation sez app can run from SD. You lied to me! What happens when I can't connect!
Cannot sdaysync with desktop. Sick of trying. Have. Spent two full. Days trying all of your suggestions.
Even full version of DTG is not even close to 3-year-old Windows Mobile (and nothing at all like a laptop). Very minimal functionality.
Maybe I'm expecting too much... Still prolly one of the best out there... I'll wait till my epic gets the froyo uprade n try again...let down so far
I finally got a refund 2day. Thank u Dataviz! Will try 2 purchase again after I download the free vers. Process needs 2 b more clear-cut & simpler.
5 stars if more image types supported, notification bar and full reg check removed... couldn't use for 3wks when abroad when w/o internet connection!
Key does not work with my device, tells me it is not a valid android key. Uninstalled
It would be good to allow saving a sheet file locked due to unsupported features into an editable file with a modified name.
No customer support. Can't edit Excel. Forum is crap. PDF viewing will not display color correctly.
Earlier version was great but changes have been made for the worse. PDF no longer functions and app itself no longer works unless in range of signal.
It doesnt work if you are not in cell range because it needs to check for a connection every time.
No support for .docx which renders it useless. Very nice interface will download when support for docx is fixed
Annoying, when you save, carriage returns are not saved on the document, they become underscores, eg. Line1 Line2 Becomes... line1_Line2 So irritating
Can we have ODT/Full OpenOffice format support? Also, it's failing to open any Google Docs for me. HTC EVO 4G.
Tries to check account status when opening and won't open if no data connection. I paid for it and want to be able to use it even w/o data connection.
Several rough edges and a generally clunky feel, in other words standard-issue DataViz. But it (usually) gets the job done.
Doesn't support most of the formulae in my excel spreadsheets (probably database formulae)...so useless to me. I know there are better editors around.
Its pretty good, but every time i try to open a file it says connot open rtf file.. :(
Great application but cut and paste is still too cumbersome.need to be able to edit the text to be cut rather than an automatic cut.
Bought full version, but doesn't show on the market? Does not work properly on my new HTC desire, keyboard issues. Please fix this and I give you a 5.
What incredibly great features & GUI overhauls! Even more useful app now. Love it! DROID2
Great app. Not as intuitive as ms works but considering the platform a great app. I use it constantly with no problems. Very little company support.
Purchased this weeks ago but wldnt work w/Samsung vibrant. Downloaded free version today and now it works w/no help from maker. Better rating w/help.
Version 3 worked excellent on the Droid x. I can't get sync to work on the Droid incredible :-(
I can't use it when I have no signal at work as it checks my account on opening. Daft.
Absolutely terrible editor to work with documents. Only useful for reading but not for editing. Since ver 3, significantly slows down Droid X
It works ok but working in a Word Document is very awkward. You must toggle to get a keyboard and then you get a little box to type in.
Great app just got better with 3.0! Thank you. Please add ability to open .csv files in Excel for 5th star :)
Dataviz lied, said can be downloaded on replacement phone. I had to buy it again after geting new phone. No tech support,no response after many emails
Tech support is non-existant! Would not download, took me hours and a splitting headache to post on tech support board, got a response 24 DAYS later!
No cloud support such as google docs like the apple app what a ripoff at $14 without this feature also doesn't sync to docs to go desktop software
Sorely disappointed. Won't open tables in Word, very limited formating in Excel. Remember it being much more powerful 10 yrs ago with my visor!
This is the most important application on my phone behind the email and calendar functions. It allows me to be fully engaged while away.
Don't bother with this app. File navigation is poor and there is no option for deleting documents. Free office app on droid x 2.2 does better job.
I have used this app for awhile and give it two thumps up...fyi...it took some getting use too thou...but its worth it...
In numeric cells, I switch to number keyboard and it makes kb switch back to alpha after typing one digit. Makes spreadsheets useless. 5* otherwise.
For it being on a phone it is really good and the word is nice thats what i got it fore
Disappointed. Often displays PPT slides incorrectly and have not been able to edit anything beyond simplest spreadsheets. Only for simple edits.
Purchased the full version for the edit feature only to find out that the program does not support the formulas in my spreadsheet.
For 14 bucks you should be able to add bookmarks to pdf docs. That's all I'm looking for in a pdf reader in the market. Example goodreader ipod touch.
Still pretty clunky. UI cumbersome And does not allow ease of moving around a doc. Have only tried letters don't think its up to editing docs yet
Love it! For when my boss send me things through email or even creat a template wish it had Outlook to go along with it!
Wish you could edit pdf. I had this on my g1. Hated to pay for it again but did
Fantastic app. I can take and edit all my docs and presentations wherever I go. Easy to open from gmail.
It's the only app which is truly awful when using Swype keyboard. You cannot edit a misspelt word.
This app is not capable of editing an existing file. It needs a LOT of tools it does not have like hi-lighting, cutting, pasting, moving, by touch .
Loved this on my iphone. Frustrating to edit docs on android. Interface is not nearly the same. Too many menus
They can send a man to the moon but they can't make a pdf reader for android with bookmarks, page flow, search the doc, contents & last page viewed!
Free Adobe PDF app is much preferred. Very limited zoom size; searches in large files are extremely slow, especially compared to free Adobe & HTC's.
This is not the same app as the Palm version, and it's beyond me why dataviz would let you create documents BUT NOT DELETE THEM!!!
Was an incredible app suite until froyo, now is completely useless. Where is the support and upgrade? Paid good money!!z
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
Coming from iPad/iPhone this was a disappointment. The UI, esp w/XLS, is terrible vs. Numbers. MS Works for DOS = better. And yet it's Android's best.
Great app but quickoffice is better and free and baked into aNdroid now...no reason to spend $30 on this
Works great and is very helpful to have my tech notes handy at all times.
No macros. Does not show my formated cell in my Excel spreadsheet. Does not open rtf documents. I expected more. EVO
i never got a chance to try it out because to install sucks really bad. After I paid for it I run then it links me to market so I... endless loop!
Not allowing me to edit despite having the full version. It worked flawlessly on my Palm Treo but I'm not real pleased I can't edit a on my EVO
Its ok. But not worth the money. No pinch zoom. Slow. Had to register 20 times already.
Desparately lacks multitouch support, and having two icons for this app is a waste. Android already suffers from having a poor app list UI.
It's ok for opening and reading MS doc files (even MS office 2007). Editing is extremely difficult. Not worth buying until further upgrades. Nexus one
Was unimpressed with this app. Things are much too basic. You can't even add pictures to a document. Which is a key component for a ppt. Would like...
When saving it gives error message stating not enough space or the use of special characters in file name. Please fix. My-touch
When saving it gives error message stating not enough space or the use of special characters in file name. Please fix. My-touch
When saving it gives error message stating not enough space or the use of special characters in file name. Please fix. My-touch
I like all the other programs except the Excel part. It is almost useless. It has very minimal functionality, it can't do any type of formula. Poor!
Once I edited a file, it would not send. Tried to open the file attachment in the email and it said it didn't exist.
I paid for this app. It previously worked without a hitch on my Droid Eris. Since upgrading to Droid v.2.1, however, I cannot open the app at all!
There is no capability to delete the file. You have to delete it through your computer (plugged in) via your SD card. Cannot delete through program.
Would love more help with the slide app aka power point as in putting pics in for a slide show
Great app when it works but far too often it simply fails to open a simple PDF on the droid. It needs a fix desperately.
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
Needs Google Docs sync in order to be a real killer app. Still, the best mobile office suite for Android, though.
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
Excel locks and crashes. PDF is unable to open pages other than first on large documents with embedded photos
Eris _ Spreadsheet formulas only show the formula, not the answer. When opening previously saved files, the cell sizes change back to default width.
It worked okay in the beginning but then deleted my word documents that I spent a lot of time on...
I'm using the M Droid and trying to read a 42 page pdf and the program wants to load all pages into ram and can't. Don't use for large pdf's.
Would rate it five stars if the pinch to zoom feature worked like it does with my other apps since the 2.1 android update on Droid.
Please add a feature in which you select a column and it automatically "sums" the numbers inside, like in the default Excel program on Windows Mobile.
Awesome, definitely worth the money. MS Office functionality been only issue w/Android till now.
This product will not allow me to send my documents via email. I need support and help with this!
I bought to view pdf documents, but it keep force closing when trying to open a simple one. Will find another app.
I like that i can create a document and attach it in an email. Totally worth the price on my first document.
Great! On Droid I've: 1. Created Doc on phone 2. Opened Doc from Mom, edited it, & resent by phone. 3.Ditto= spreadsheet & PDF minus from Mom part ;o)
I still can't open calendars that are created using MS Word calendar creator template.
I can't find a quick way to sync files. So if backing up is a pain, I won't back up. Not good at all.
It couldn't open my PDF files, so I found it rather useless and got a refund.
Similar to the old Palm PDA from years back. A collaboration of dataviz and printershare to add print capabilities for doc xls n pdf files would rock!
Software does a lot but I wish it had better instructions. It takes a great deal of time to figure out each function.
Software does a lot but I wish it had better instructions. It takes a great deal of time to figure out each function.
Gets the job done with Word and Excel but doesnt have as many options as a PC version. Powerpoint is very limited. Unless you know something I dont.
Nothing like the version I had on PALM. Impossible to select text for editing, etc. Needs a lot of development to get to the product I knew ..
Does not open docx, and other MS Office 2007 apps. Not keeping up makes me unproductive from the road. Gotta keep up with changes to apps.
Would be 5 stars if it didn't keep force closing and losing my data in the process
Why does my virtual keyboard disappear when i'm using excel and word ? How do I get it back? This sucks!
The support team goes WAY BEYOND the call of duty to meet the customer's needs. Thanks to Laura & to everyone else for your prompt response.
Was good till i got an error: java.io.EOFException when trying to open a .doc file from word mobile. Any help with this DataViz?
I don't see how you could not like this. Great for Microsoft Office items on the go. The application works great!
The very first document I tried to open was unsupported. A RTF file is a pretty common Microsoft Word format.
Wish there was a way to save the spot where you are reading the pdf. Hate having to remember the page number.
The windows mobile version 1000 time better please update this disgusting format and layout needs quick buttons instead of going into menu. Refund!!!
Repligo Reader is WAY better for PDF's. App takes up too much memory for it's limited functions.
Ok, some tell me how do I open up my documents. I paid for this but I cant open my docs. HELP
Please eliminate the need to have both the key and main app installed on the phone. Waste of limited space
It doesn't open up excell docs as attachments, not the same quality as on other platforims
Not worth $ anymore, sheet to go only support most basic function, takes forever to support pdf, word to go is average, just use google doc
Not worth $ anymore, sheet to go only support most basic function, takes forever to support pdf, word to go is average, just use google doc
I've only used the spreadsheet so far and it needs A LOT more functionality. Definitely not worth $20 unless it gets more functionality.
Dev if u dont come out w your promised pdf/ppt your scores will only get worse. Dont let that happen. At least give a timeframe.
Changed to 2* bought it on iphone too, where is the long promised pot and pdf update???
I hoped it would open attachments, but it didn't open any I had recieved. Wasn't using gmail. Woops
No smooth scroll. Would not allow edit of simple spreedsheet. For $20, it should have no errors. I would keep if it were free. Uninstall.
Doesn't do anything you can't do with Google Docs.  Doesn't open attachments from the Gmail app.
So so...wouldnt let me select several cells on excel, no pdf, no powerpoint...too expensive for what it does
I like this app. Editing on my Android phone is great.   If they add spell check features & update I'll rate it 4 1/2. Need to update. On my Blackberry phones Docs To Go was near excellent. I rated it 4 to 4 1/2. Spell check is one of the feature. Updates were to improve Docs To Go. I purchased Docs To Go for Androids 8 months ago no updates yet
There is a major functional problem that started after the latest Ice Cream Sandwich update on my Motorola Razr Maxx. After I edit a file and save it, the original file no longer exists. Instead a new file appears in the same directory with the name "r.dvz". Sheet to Go will not open a file with that extension, but if I edit the file name to a name with the extension ".xlsx" like the original, that is my original file with any edits I had made. No response yet from customer service.
This app can pull files from the Google Drive account (server), but if you have a lot of files (2GB in my case) then it takes FOREVER (5 minutes in my case) to load/view any documents...    Also, you cannot double-click (quickly press twice) a spreadsheet cell to open it.  You must either press and hold, or select and then go to the options menu.  It's possible that "double-click" simply isn't an Android function - not just not a Documents To Go function.    I have also only now discovered that I cannot save changed documents in my Google Drive account...  However, this is an issue with Google Drive, and not this app.  Google Drive does note allow you to open, edit, and save, via ANY Android app at this time.
Good.but not user friendly
Print over wifi?
Can't open files created in Open Office.
Like it better on a blackberry...how do i get my full version of docs on my ipad? ??
I just switched back to Polaris for now. It's crashing when trying to open excel spreadsheets with a Java Exception error. This is a bone stock TF700T with the 4.0.3 OTA update.
It all of a sudden quit opening documents, I could not get this corrected. Anyone no how to fix this issue?
I am using the Acer A200 tablet and paid for a full version. It allows me to edit the files but program locks when I attempt to save an EXCEL file.
EeePad  Transformer TF201 Free Polaris app rendering is better and more consistently opens valid Office files.  Disappointed!  At the very least it should open the document formats advertised.
EeePad  Transformer TF201 Free Polaris app rendering is better and more consistently opens valid Office files.  Disappointed!  At the very least it should open the document formats advertised.
Wish it would show photos on excel files I guess Polaris office (free) is better in that regards..smh
Won't properly show text which has been rotated in a spreadsheet cell.  Other Ms office viewers/editors do.  Free ones even.
After a long day of searching and comparing, turns out this is currently (June 2012) the only decent android productivity suite that supports footnotes and endnotes properly. Any students or academics should be aware of this!   Generally works well. Re-sizes and wraps very well, not much lag from keyboard input. Many standard shortcuts working - ctrl-c and ctrl-v for instance, or holding shift to select text. However, it doesn't bring up 'find' with ctrl-f, or pace through whole words with ctrl-arrow. Would be nice to see these in a future update.  Best thing of all would be a nice HD version for tablets, with a set of functions and options not confined to some crummy menus at the bottom of the screen. It's more difficult to use than it should be and is also pretty ugly.   So, at this price - three stars, and mostly for that decent footnote functionality.
I need a tutorial, this can be overwhelming & complicated at times to find files
Ok, but the PDF editor taked ages to open eg: my bank statements. They need to step up their game or Quickoffice/Google will overtake them.  One update in a year!?
If you have ice cream sandwich do not get this it won't work release an update and i'll switch to 5 stars.
But a few things, for instance certain graphs or pictures, don't appear in powerpoint properly if at all. Otherwise pretty good, but for the price it should be perfect - if my PC can show everything correctly so should this. Hasn't been updated too, so could do with a lot more support.
It really is somewhat archaic to have to download two apps just to get to one these days, isn't it???
Great.
This is an excellent app. My only gripe with it is that when typing in Hebrew the page doesn't go from right to left. And when I type in Hebrew and it goes from left to right the words come out back words. If this is fixed I would give this app five stars.
Used first time only to find there is no spell check option. Really? I assumed paid version would have this feature included. Disappointed.
When not editing but only reading a document,   1. I wish the app could control the screen time out (like readers apps can)  2. I wish there was a "reading mode" because when scrolling the doc, a clumsy tap can modify the doc so easily ...  other than that, great app!
Overall it's okay but it has the maddening tendency to capitalise words when you move backwards into a document and to extend character formatting incorrectly.  These bugs make it too annoying and slow to use.
The app fails to log me in to my GoogleDocs account and it can't handle RTF format. Since quite a few of my older docs were saved like that, to avoid compatibility problems, I am not impressed with this.
I think it will be clever if developers put more eforts to allow to upload xlsx files to google drive WITHOUT changing to google drive format. I bought this app because of my need to upload xlsx files to cloud (google drive) and to be able to edit form my android phone. I am little bit disapointed as wvery time I upload my files it is converted to bloody Google doc format and when I open files from my PC with installed windows google drive all formating is corrupted. As I explained main reason I bougt app was what I read at description but couldn't test because free version is limited to upload to Google drive. How could I know that described above will occur. To be honest application itself is good, working fast and have enough functions that might be expected of a mobile phone app. Unfortunatelly because of that reason above I give three stars only.
On thing that lets this down is that it doesn't seem to recognise my micro SD card.
Does the job.
Why isn't there a basic toolbar containing butttons for bold, italics, underline, indenting, etc.?  Instead, everytime I need to format any text, I have to open and scroll through menus!  Other office suite apps have it.  For the price, this is lacking some very basic features.
I mostly use the Word part and it needs work.  Like: Auto caps after a period Auto spelling correct Auto period after two spaces.
It's a document viewer
I share my sd card between my Toshiba thrive and my PC. But now I cannot save files on my tab to the sd card. it says that it is a read only file and it can pony be saved to a new file. When I try that it says error unless I save it to the internal sd card
Not as versatile with Word docs and pdfs as other applications
This is still a pretty good office app but it is designed for phones not tablets. Also the Android version has no access to Dropbox so is lagging behind the iOS version. King soft office is as good and is free.
I like the app alot but only giving three stars because 1-3 days after I bought you lowered the price to $9.99 :-[  not cool
Its ok it helps when i have to use it for school (on my Asus Transforming Epad) but @ random moments it shuts down due to some error please fix it!!
Rip off! It took my money and refused to download on any device!
I would have given a better rating if you'd just stop the 'upgrade' spam - especially as I missed the new spring sale!
Not compatible with mac desktop app. Unbelievable! Cannot easily sync desktop, ipad, and android. This is a major flaw. What, no android users use Macs? Fix and you get 5 stars.
I use this app to read .pdf books as well as its word processing, graphs, sprwadsheets. I say cche last page viewed for recent docs and you could throw e-book reader in the many other functions and get another dollar/copy...
I use this app to read .pdf books as well as its word processing, graphs, sprwadsheets. I say cche last page viewed for recent docs and you could throw e-book reader in the many other functions and get another dollar/copy...
But would like to have a variety of fonts to choose from.
I need a way for employees to enter start and end times for services. With this app, when they double click on a cell that is formatted as time, Doc to Go makes them enter the time as Text. Quickoffice recognizes that it's a time cell and brings up the current time and changeable time format. Two clicks and my guys can enter their start/end times. They click save and I have it on my computer/phone knowing where they are and when.
Great office app on my tf101 helps alot. But It needs spelling and grammar check.
Really like this app, but it keeps crashing when I use google docs. The desktop sync has decided that its not going to work, but generally its good.
This program needs a spelling check for word. Very difficult without it.
Good enough and fast office for phones. It have rich set of functions. However its usability is poor. It is useless for tablets as tool for editing documents. Selection is non-obvious - it hidden at 3d level of menu! Similarly any formatting functions (bold, italic, aligning) are hidden deeply. Tool can be much better if authors add toolbuttons for basic operations in editing mode.
Best docuument app out there
There needs to be a way to add notes to slideshow instead of just viewing ones that are always in place. I should be able to attach documents to other sites such as blackboard without having to go through an email option. Also, this just might be a problem with google docs but instead of only being able to create new document, there should be an option to upload existing docs to google docs.
Btw, got it since 08-2011 for 15$ as well. Don't be fooled by that 50% discount trick...
It works good but don't he fooled by that 50% sale crap it is always 14.99
No need for icon in app tray, greedy move!
No way to quickly access starred google docs documents. No way to search also.
Was a little disappointed by the lack of image integration into p.point, wanted to make flash cards for study. Reads pdfs very well but was surprised I could not add bookmarks.:(  not quite sure why I would want to try and write a word doc thru this UI, clumsy. Good access to view downloaded pics and misc. Files. Faster than going thru phone settings. would be 4 or 5 stars if a couple more features were added to p.point functionality. Galaxy Ace. So far no problems with crashes etc
Pdf and excel work well. Word document though sucks some balls. Go ahead. Try and write a document. Need to zoom the page up to 75% of normal, maybe 100%? Nope. Need to backspace for spelling corrections? NOPE. Need to change anything about word document while you work on it? Tough luck. Ohh...did I mention it crashes, freezes and force closes?  Fix this issue with Word Document then you'll have a good product. And the refund only in the first fifteen minutes of purchase? Really???  Shame on you.
Could look and feel a little more like microsoft office. Needs a better user interface. Does get the job done though.
Where you can open and view you can only do very basic sheets.  Created one with drop down boxes but this program is not able to use them on my tablet it removes the formatting.
I got it in addition to Quick Office that came on the My Touch to be able to open password protected MS Office files.  The manual, dated Oct 2010 says it only works up to Office 2004; the website implies up to 2010.  It seems it only opens files with the default, Office 97/2000 compatible. (15 year old technology).  I know it is difficult make full use of Excel on a small phone's screen but I'll mention my experiences.  It handles some fairly large Excel 2003 sheets but the charts are mangled. Charts that are objects in a normal sheet are not displayed. I guess they are aware of this because the word "chart" does not appear in the manual.   It is better than Quick Office, but not as good as I expected.
May need an update so it seems to force close on sgs2 2.3.6
The formatting from a computer to docs doesn't translate and there's very little good functionality.
I regret paying for this because there are free or cheaper apps which together do the same thing; some of them better. Google docs takes ages to open and I can't save items to phone. Search is pretty inefficient within documents too.
Does what it says.
When are we going to see support for opening .csv files in an excel page?   Other apparently seem to already support it, and am considering switching
Better than others, but still lacking. Word editing is so cumbersome - it won't capitalise new sentences & has few fonts. Poor landscape doc editing.
Google docs fails to sync. Can't save modifications to Google docs.
but i can't get the program to un-indent a tab. i can delete it, but if i tab in, then hit enter, it goes down a line but remains indented. this is colossally annoying. also, not having a page count is a pain. the format doesn't seem to want to stay double spaced, either.
There's a huge difference between opening and running a powerpoint presentation. Where's the music and ability for it to play by itself? Just picviewr
Is it sending out some information when the app is opened and/or when a doc is opened by the app?
Cant changed cursed side only english write
Good solid app. the biggest gripe I have with it is no SD card install. Would like to be able to freeze cells in spreadsheet program.
1) doesn't open files larger than 60kb 2) needs data connection to verify registration EVERY time 3) takes too long to load
Does not have a spell & grammar check :( it does allow you to copy from read only doc. The spell and grammar check are to important to overlook
It seems that after you purchase the full version, you cannot get a response to your email. Thnx to Sprint I was finally able to sync to my computer.
Lots to like about Android & its vast "Market". What's missing is a decent Office suite. I guess DTG is best, but doesn't compare w Microsoft's apps.
Good product. Slight learning curve
Good product. Slight learning curve
It works pretty good. The only thing that needs improving, is the pdf viewer, it would be great if you can open password protected files...
I'd give it a 5 start if it synced with Dropbox better. But syncing desktop works well.
Do not buy if you have a Droid3 items can only be stored/synced to the internal phone storage.
Needs to mimic a more recent version of powerpoint. I would really like to be able to take notes under the slide.
Haven't found anything else that does a better job with MS Office or PDF documents. Very satisfied.
I was charge twice for this product. I was trying to redownload. And I was charged again
Won't let me edit a pdf file
Needs to be able to track changes on the documents edited through this application!
Just paid and it doesnt display powerpoint 2007 file (broken figures and no text). Word docs and pdf ok.
A must have for reading documents on the go; especially for professionals!
The app would be very good if it allowed copy/paste of images. That is the #1 failure with the application. I own a couple different competing apps i paid for and although i like Docs To Go, i rarely use.in favor of OfficeSuite which allows user to cut and past rich text and images as well as import images from file. Many of us were lead to believenthe.program allowed images to be worked with. It doesnt. Just be aware. If you need word with.ilages use another app. Beside the image.failure, it very good.
This is a very useful app. Obviously, still in it's early stages. Wish list: view more than first page of spreadsheet; text to wrap in cells; print...
While a full dot release ahead of the BlackBerry staple, Docs to go on Android and iOS feels unpolished in many ways. Not enough room to elaborate.
on XOOM I cannot have more than 1 google docs accounts I cannot open ODF documents
I can't find a way of getting the Excel cell text to word wrap.
I agree worth everyone about the keyboard situation. Very disappointing. Seeking a refund through their dev team from help menu. Will post again...
Only works with the standard keyboard. SwiftKey X keyboard won't work. Very disappointing as I now cannot use a keyboard I paid for.
I do care about my sensite documents, that is rigth they are pass word protected, but i can not have access, becouse I have a message say:An internal error occurred(40). Please fix this. Thank you
Custom ROMs prevent from saving registration info, thus prompts me for re-registration every time - thus features like recent docs, favs don't work.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
The performance is less than my expecation. No auto caps lock for a new sentence, and bold/italic/underline is hard to manage.
The performance is less than my expecation. No auto caps lock for a new sentence, and bold/italic/underline is hard to manage.
There is an irritating zoom bar that pops up and gets in the way whenever I try to place the cursor in a word. Why? If I can disable it..then 5 stars.
App works great. They need to add a 10 key style numeric pad for the spreadsheet. Entering a bunch of numbers is a pain with the regular keyboard and everytime you hit enter to go o the next cell you have to select the number function all over again. If you are entering 50 lines this would be insane. Will give 5 stars upon this update.
It's ok. Views stuff. I regret purchasing because it doesn't support all data types. It won't modify my documents that have functions.
Saddly is n development years behind another platforms. Bad way bookmaks options r hidden n menus. Worst dont browse device own memory. Sucks batery!
A bit disappointing. Have to page through menus to call up keyboard. Should be able to just tap-screen instead. Doesn't auto spell correct. C minus.
For the most part I am pleased with this app. I do find editing requires more keystrokes than I would like. Please consider adding drop down boxes
Needs keyboard support (such as swype and swift key) and needs wide view option so formatting is maintained
Great application....however it's much cheaper at amazon app store...only 7.49 there for key. I definitely will be comparing prices moving forward!!
I got this so that i could do my coursework when in a long journey. I was suprised how good it is and i couldnt live without it worth 5 out of 5.
Add spellcheck and get rid of the extra icon in my app tray and I'll give it 5 stars.
Add spellcheck and get rid of the extra icon in my app tray and I'll give it 5 stars.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
This application is ok, but it's missing some key features that others seem not to care about. Most notably for me at least, it's impossible to view and edit documents in a "Print Layout" view. That means I have no idea what the formatting is going to be like for the document in the end. On PC's, I exclusively use this mode in Word. Likewise, you cannot edit PowerPoint slides in an actual view of the slide. You get sent to a different page to edit the text. My slides are complicated, so this is useless.
Good but force closes every so often without backing up data. Make sure you save your work often.
A brilliantly designed app. Definitely a must-have. Very impressed with its capabilities; I wish MS Office had a home screen as useful as this.
Uninstalling as I no longer need it. Used it for Google docs, and now there is an app for that too. Would like a refund, if the dev would be so kind.
Fast with high compatibility. Insecure Google Docs access and dated UI compared to the competition hold it back however.
Works on my archos101 like a charm. Would like to see mult tabs on excel
It's ok. When you paste stuff such as from a web page it doesn't carry the format. It needs a paste special.
I have had petty luck with used this program since v 3 for palm i would like more fornule opions. And be careful when worki Google doc's some it does
Lots of bugs and crashes. Haven't been able to find anything decent to edit gdocs on my Xoom.
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
I have workbook on pc and cannot use it on this tablet. Need to be able to use tablet to add info. Can only read!!! And only minutes to return. Sucks.
D2G is the most reliable office app I have in terms of keeping documents intact across multiple platforms, including a Droid, a Xoom, and files stored in Dropbox for use on Mac and WinPC. However, it has a clunky method of text selection, compared with OfficeSuite Pro and Quickoffice Pro, which both use double-tapping and "pins" to select text. Also, the app under Honeycomb can't seem to upload anything to Google Docs; it always crashes on upload. Fix the upload and give me selection pins, and it gets a 5.
Not bad but does not resemble anything similar to microsoft word. Can do small tasks but no insert file or any of the other functions word would give
I downloades the free version then got the full version...it does not work for .pdf and I need help please.
$15??? R U kidding me? No conditional formatting. Feature poor. Waste your money on something else!
Poor documentation. No way to contact customer service, just loops you around and around. None of these Apps work well, but they are all we get.
This used to be a staple when I had a Palm. When I try to open a Office 2007 document, I get this error that it thinks my .doc file is an .rtf (WTF)
had to open document to get shortcut to app to come back after installing. Weird.
HTC Evo.
I dont regret purchasing it because im sure itll come in handy eventually, but i REALLY want to take notes on pdfs...
This is a pretty good for using on the fly, but do not count on it too much. No spell check, word are not automatically capitalized, and other bugs.
Problem downloading, program won't open, wants to keep downloading repeatedly, but never opens. Website is no help. I paid for the full version, sucks
Excel locks the entire worksheet for editing if any cells contain unsupported content.
Poor usability. This app hasn't moved on much since I used it on Win Mobile 6. Plenty of work to be done to improve the interface.
Why don't they follow the standard editing features used throughout Android ... editing documents is like re-positioning bait in a mouse trap -painful
The "selection mode" in this app is horrible! Copying a section of text should not be this hard.
No embedded image support!!! Makes powerpoint kinda useless. Really hope they implement this in the future.
I think it is worth 15 bucks, after trying several spreadsheet apps. You ger what you pay for, and more with this app. It will open open office docume
Decent, but for the price should be much better. PDF reader is especially lacking, as is response from support. Also no text file support.
So far working great I continue to use it on a daily basis. I will update later
Functionally, this app is very well done. It's a fantastic for documents, spreadsheets, etc. I mostly use the spreadsheet app to keep track of my finances, and it is excellent. Having said that, the only downside is the account verification, which seems to punish those who buy it. Every time I start up the app I have to wait for the message "Please wait checking account status" to go away after 8-10 seconds. This problem is so annoying that I'm probably going to uninstall and find something else.
Just a terrific app. It's really big, it's really expensive - and worth every last penny & byte. I haven't used my laptop in months. Who needs to?
Pinch zoom not working on droid, can only connect to 1 google docs account, otherwise ok.
Like it but doesnt play animations or sound on powerpoint. If fixed i would give 5 stars galaxy tab
The spreadsheet portion has NO support for multi-tabbed sheets. Otherwise, a useful tool for editing documents.
The spreadsheet portion has NO support for multi-tabbed sheets. Otherwise, a useful tool for editing documents.
Works well on my Mesmerize, although it doesn't have a spell checker. Doesn't pick up the full filename when accessing Google Docs.
Works ok, but does not support doc files that are really rtf files, such as those downloaded from Westlaw, limiting its usability.
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
The best of the Office apps on the market, but unfortunately that is not saying much, especially for Excel users.
Works well to let me read my office docs. Great program and worth paying for. Would be even better if it supported openoffice documents as well
Only gets an average rating cause there's no over better alternative. Toolbar needs to be on-screen.
Need 2 apps installed to use. Cannot use w/o internet connection. Printing not supported.
Need 2 apps installed to use. Cannot use w/o internet connection. Printing not supported.
I wish I could give it 0 stars. I wanted to use this on my tablet but it does in fact check for license every time. I do not have a data plan.Perfect
Very good when i used it before on my Palm T5 and I-touch. Having problem now with editing MS Word on my Samsung Galaxy S. It auto backspace.
Really would prefer to get key then NOT have two programs sitting in my app drawer
I am still not being able to open pdf files even after purchasing the app. Please help.
Beautiful on Droid x...too bad it needs an internet connection to verify every time u use it. Seems like u can't open with out internet. Stop that!
Key does not work with my device, tells me it is not a valid android key. Uninstalled
need to download free main app, then register before can unlock. was annoying trying to unlock it. would be nice to update directions to specify.
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
Needs better text search - when your text is found, the rest of the sentence is off the bottom of the screen. Position found text in centre of screen.
Every time you switch to another app, when you come back it is bank at the beginning of the pdf file. Could definitely handle large files better
Getting tired of it constantly checking the license. Almost every time I open the app it checks the license.
Would get 5 stars if you could PRINT!!!!! PLEASE add print option, then I will repurchase app.
Have looked at all of the Android office apps. This is most usable of them all. Thanks.
Forcing users to toggle keypad sucks please update this so we can touch the screen a not menu to bring up the keyboard... overall great program...
I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the repetitive validation process. If it fails due to data being turned off, you have to reinstall.
Used to be great. Unobtrusive and simply worked. Now it is laggy and the check account EVERYSINGLE DAY is annoying. Please verify a different way.
Startup menu used to be fast, latest major version accesses network for up to 20 seconds at open, complex menus, scrolling very slow and jerky now.
Missing print or at least export to PDF (to print by another app). Failed to load some xlsx files. Expensive
Sometimes the pdf reader doesnt work. I only read the same mag. and dont undertstand why some issues dont work
Originally had a hard time opening. Now it seems to be working. We shall see.
Originally had a hard time opening. Now it seems to be working. We shall see.
Several rough edges and a generally clunky feel, in other words standard-issue DataViz. But it (usually) gets the job done.
Nicely done. But docked one star for lack of Dropbox support, and another star for poor GDocs implementation. Most of my files produce 'fail to open'
Knocking 2 stars off from the last build. Repeated" checking account status" messages, recent docs widget clears itself, will rerate if those are fixt
Love the new editions with the attachment to gmail and uploading to google docs...however lost the ability to do spell checking. Would love that back
Awesome! Worth paying for, glad to have gdocs support, needs ability to add pictures to docs though
Great application but cut and paste is still too cumbersome.need to be able to edit the text to be cut rather than an automatic cut.
The new update simetimes does not show recent documents on the recent document's folder. You have to exit the recent documents folder and re-open it.
The new update simetimes does not show recent documents on the recent document's folder. You have to exit the recent documents folder and re-open it.
Problems with hoizontal mode keyboard have been fixed. But Dataviz provides no phone or email tech support, just peer to peer forums.
Purchased this weeks ago but wldnt work w/Samsung vibrant. Downloaded free version today and now it works w/no help from maker. Better rating w/help.
Force close every time i touch Google docs... before it even logs in. tmobile g2
Says it works with Motorola Backflip. Has not been able to open one file yet. Even with Word. It says file corrupt on every file.
Says it works with Motorola Backflip. Has not been able to open one file yet. Even with Word. It says file corrupt on every file.
The application is awesome, however since i had to replace my phone it wont install and work properly which sucks since i purchased it.
Awesome, downloaded the full key first, but it wont let me download the main. Error 404
This app is actually worth the price they charge for the full version! That's a rarity.
Awesome app Would be 5 stars if google docs did not force close every time. (DROIDX)
Sick update. Would like desktop sync over wifi and also would like dropbox integration. Some force closing. Pdf still slow.
This is one of the best apps in the market. It works great on my Nexus one and my Vibrant. Great update! Try it yourself!
Ah! Update issues! What's with the annoying "updating" message that pops up every time I open any document?
Needs pinch to zoom and auto find of .pdf, .doc, and .ppt that are on phone and sd card
Best office app ever. Definitely worth the purchase especially since it is discounted. New Open Edit office documents, very much needed for everyday
This is the most important application on my phone behind the email and calendar functions. It allows me to be fully engaged while away.
Worked great for a while on my droid x. Now it does not allow me to erase text I type. Tried to find help, only instruction for PC with mouse.
For some reason in the spreadsheet when you try to enter a number the keyboard flips back to ABC after you enter the first number. Annoying.
Wish I could format text alignment in cells - even when you do this externally the app doesn't always remember it
I love this app!!! When my laptop crashed this program helped me out of a hole! 5 stars this is incredible
Please add ability to sync and open/add docs to dropbox and other online sync services.
This software is supposed to be the best you can get. Dataviz is supposed to be the best you can get. This software crashed my phone.
So yeah, wasnt 3.0 announced like this past spring? Then RIM bought it? I smell a rat.
Nice but has a few issues. when typing in cells does not stay in cells your typing on phone.
Decent to good program but switching back & forth from selection mode to keyboard is time consumming, cumbersome, & annoying. Also NO TABBING!
In numeric cells, I switch to number keyboard and it makes kb switch back to alpha after typing one digit. Makes spreadsheets useless. 5* otherwise.
Would give it 4 stars if I could delete files from my phone. Otherwise for being the only app like it it's okay.
Would give it 4 stars if I could delete files from my phone. Otherwise for being the only app like it it's okay.
Not much edit options on excel, cannot even do the sum... but all in all it's not so bad, and it's a necessary tool to me
Got the app install, worked fine then when i reopened the app it went to the download screen and would not let me past it.
Oh my word, why is it so hard to pull up the keyboard? It keeps going away, and the button to bring it back doesn't always work. Change this asap.
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
Pretty good app. I would like to see a way to print. I installed printershare and there is no way to print out the documents you create in this app.
Installing full version is confusing. Cannot open password protected spreadsheets.
Lots of trouble scrolling thru sheets. Opens sheets in strange places - must use back arrow to get to data. Nice to have access to Office files.
Can' t edit text pasted from another app. like "Easy Note." No Backspace key in Swype either. Pitty Dataviz forced me to buy this app twice.
Can' t edit text pasted from another app. like "Easy Note." No Backspace key in Swype either. Pitty Dataviz forced me to buy this app twice.
Can't find how to open it. A big key is on the screen telling me to download the app, but when I click on it it tells me the app is already installed.
Alright...It's actuallly a good app, but it could be great. PDF desperately needs reading bookmarks ( I set my current location to return later).
Doesn't see my txt files & won't open them, I have to past into the program.
Until the new version comes along, it'll be tough to evaluate. THIS version is FAR less capable than my earlier Palm Treo version!
Ok Needs multi touch for zoom. Get rid of double icon; annoying! Also need option to turn off move down after modifying a cell. Must use = for formula
The app. Is good but I hate it that you can't delete a file when done with it without pulling your card out and using your computer.
Good but flawed. For example, you cannot preview document with keyboard open while in landscape mode. Samsung vibrant
I love it. With the paid key to unlock more than 'read' functions, I can do every office task I need on a phone.
Works really well, but lacks support for ODT formatting. Some syncing with a cloud service would be fantastic.
Would be 5 stars if you could print via BlueTooth and scan to .pdf with camera
Im loving it on my samsung moment. My husband has it on blackberry pearl and he loves it 2.
Used Docs2Go (since long ago) with my Palm Treo. It has become expected. The Treo has lost product support - this is on Android - Docs2Go work GREAT!
Excellent product for what it does. I just wish e-mailing files was more intuitive. It is under the file menu, but should really be under a share menu
It's not bad, but locks up the entire spreadsheet because it does not support one excel function. Bit frustrating. David
Works fine on muscle except ppt will notable more than two slides 20 then crashes. Needs send2print api so I can print wireless.
This app sucks when you are typing on word it will shutdown without notice. I will be asking for a refund.
Where is the spell checker? Am I missing something? Am I looking in the wrong place? My Samsung Epix could do more.
Editing is an absolute pain and proly should not be included as a selling feature. Have the developers used this app? Droid x
Works...But, interface is rudimentary, and provides extremely LIMITED ABILITY (very basic), when actually creating NEW documents
Very nice ap! But you don't have option to insert date. You have to put it in..
Nearly impossible to create a useful spreadsheet. Can't fill formulas. Also, can't switch keyboards while editing.
While excel seems to function well, the pdf has no search function and word function won't let me delete what I've written.
Needs that bottom set of option such as the bold, italic and center options. Also needs TAB support for us writers out there for Word.
Doesn't handle tables very well. And there is no page view and limited zoom out. For a simple viewer, OfficeSuite is better.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Works well except it's very easy to accidentally dowload something. I cant find a way to delete all these .pdf
The landscape keyboard on my EVO isn't working with this program. The portrait keyboard does work however. I can't find where you can delete docs.
Has problems with some of the popular swipe type keyboards. Cannot change the keyboard in the app itself, unlike other android apps
Would be a 4 star if the password function worked on the spreadsheet. Interface with all office products needs improvement.
Love app but really needs to offer app that combines key and free version takes up 2 much space (esp for those still using a G1)
Doesn't handle new Office 2007/2010 .docx which cripples it quite a bit. If someone attaches a .docx to email you are out of luck.
Doesn't handle new Office 2007/2010 .docx which cripples it quite a bit. If someone attaches a .docx to email you are out of luck.
I have used this program for years. Five stars. The best for me is the Mac/iPhone. This version is about halfway there. Hoping version 3 is out soon!
Hey guys. I need some help. I downloaded this program this morning and I'm going to the link like they say to but it brings me right back here.
Great for viewing & editing. Only complaint is charts in excel doesn't accept an axis using log setting. Also legend is oversized and chart is small
When saving it gives error message stating not enough space or the use of special characters in file name. Please fix. My-touch
Love the main app. Hate that the key has to stay in my app drawer as a separate app.
Can't even get it to download. Keep getting an error. Hard to get a hold of Dataviz since they are only open 5-6 hrs a day.
Was great but new update causes spreadsheets to load from last save. Now you have to save whenever you switch apps. Gets annoying real quick.
No app should be past 5 dollars. Lower price and ill give 5 stars. Unbelievabley greedy.
This app worked 1 day and has not been working since then. There are no more updates for it. Would NOT recommend.
This app is great, I edited a 56 page doc on my big screen Evo using this app & it allowed me to "track changes", insert comments, and view graphics
Nice app but I wish the key didn't show up in the app drawer with the full program.
Ok, so what am I missing to be able to manage/create folders on my phone with docs to go installed?
I find having both the full version icon and the regular icon is annoying. Otherwise it's good.
Same problem as Vivid & Danielle: works well except for deleting files. Help file doesn't.
Description does not let you know that this does not support password protected files in Excel 2007
I use spreadsheet to keep track of expenses. Used all other trial versions on android market, but thisis the best. Pay the money and stop searching
No facility to download from googledocs or network computer. Why is it not as good as ipad version? Too pricey, ipad version lot cheaper.
Has some problems on the Evo. Also,doesn't support latest pdf standard. Needs update.
Great app, however, app opens in the background without being open by the user. Please fix.
Can 't get it todown load. Just get 404 error code. Dataviz is no help, either
I'm happy to receive MS documents. But for a 5 star rating you'll need to have more editing capabilities as well as sending ease.
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
I downloaded it and everytime I hit install I get a 404 message, can anyone advise? Thank you
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
This app is awesome! It came in handy so much during school. I don't know what I would do without it
Purchased then uninstalled due to required download web page showing 404 error. Will try again later and re-rate.
It works, but nearly as great as it was on my older Palm devices. I hope the Android version catches up soon.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Outstanding app. Turns my phone into a powerful little computer. I would recommend this app to anyone!! Droid
Interface is a bit clunky..can you add a faster way to toggle the keyboard at the very least?
I would like to have a way to lock in the numericen keyboards when entering long lists of numbers. That would push it to five stars.
only option for office support on droid. Double icon is retarded! Seriously for the cost you can't fix that???
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Would be five star if it didn't try to open my calendar invites as garbled attachments. And the dual app tray icons are redundant.
Worth the price 100% This app is great!! I can view and even EDIT my powerpoint presentations on the go. I can also do the same for Word!! It's great!
Worth the price 100% This app is great!! I can view and even EDIT my powerpoint presentations on the go. I can also do the same for Word!! It's great!
Great program. This version is easy to use. Works as well as the Palm and Blackberry versions I used before.
Great program. This version is easy to use. Works as well as the Palm and Blackberry versions I used before.
Nice but it needs Open Document support. Also, the pdf viewer should have pinch zoom for its price. will keep because of sale.
Best I have seen until Microsoft gets its act together. Works great on my incredible.
Best I have seen until Microsoft gets its act together. Works great on my incredible.
It said opens password protected files but doesn't open ms word 2007 n 2008 password protected files..dats sad..
Refunded since the scaling is off when I view PowerPoint presentations. This is the main reason I bought it. Fix this and I will surely repurchase.
Wish i didnt have to have two icons in my app drawer. The full version key icon does nothing other than open the same app. Please fix!!
Can't open anything large out of email on droid. Frustrating at times. Not too bad
Excellent application very handy for college students like myself who do not always have access to my laptop. Definitely worth the price.
-1 for cost and -1 for slow pdf reader. +3 for great Word and Excel app!
Needs to be able to scan a document via the camera for a pdf file
Need help documents will not send from the e mail document tab under file. it will say sending but never send
I hate how you have to have 2 icons in the menu...would be 5 star if didn't have to.
Can't goto particular pages in word by typing page #. Also, pdf viewer doesn't remember the page you were on when you minimize app.
Works good. Ended up with 2 I cons I can't do anything about getting rid of 1. They charged me twice.
Worth the money, does what it says and does it well, few thing that it cant do, but worth buying for what it does. Droid
Pdf viewer didn't work with this app on windows mobile. It does not with android either for this app. Get beam reader. Word and excel good.
I'd give it 4 or 5 stars if it supported Google Docs like the iPhone version. As it is, the iPhone version has better Google support than Android!
Doesn't autosave and does shut down in the middle of writing so you will lose some thoughts. There are more problems, but there's no other app like it
Doesn't autosave and does shut down in the middle of writing so you will lose some thoughts. There are more problems, but there's no other app like it
Doesn't autosave and does shut down in the middle of writing so you will lose some thoughts. There are more problems, but there's no other app like it
Why isnt there a way to delete unwanted docs? PLEASE HELP!!! I have 4 huge files I cannot delete. I NEED TO BE ABLE TO DELETE FILES!!!!!!!!!
Why isnt there a way to delete unwanted docs? PLEASE HELP!!! I have 4 huge files I cannot delete. I NEED TO BE ABLE TO DELETE FILES!!!!!!!!!
Powerpoint support is bare bones. Could we at least change the background color? Almost useless for content creation.
Love the product, will be five stars when I can upload, and download from Google docs
When it works it's wonderful; I too updated the purchased version...can't open and my files seem to be gone ARGH
Awesome app. Takes a second to figure out but great when you do. Had docs to go on my centro now on my hero. Worth 9.99
3 stars for right now. If it opens my PPT 2morrow i'll give it 4 or 5
Great app. BUT after latest update, Word will not find files on SD card. Moving through files causes FC. Frustrating. Pdf, spreadsheet, etc work fine.
I keep getting neg aray size excep after I load and work on a doc. All is then lost.
$30 is a bit steep, but its a fully functional mobile version of MS Office, and office costs much more than $30.
Excellent resource for viewing most MS Office apps. Can't handle SmartArt feature in Office 2007 files,especially PowerPoint.
Excellent resource for viewing most MS Office apps. Can't handle SmartArt feature in Office 2007 files,especially PowerPoint.
This apparently crashes gmail on the Droid when you attempt to email a doc from this program.
Over all works very well. Just had to change some of my formulas for them to be supported.
Great App, except, since i had to get a replacement phone. It doesnt remember that i paid 19.99. All other paid apps remembered. UGH! Frustrating!!!
20 dollars on something like this is still ignorant... they keep saying a diff reason to switch prices... cheapest ive seen wad 9.99.. wont buy till
The biggest problem is poor access to indenting for outling... I have the same software on my ipod and prefer to take class notes on it for that reaso
Awkward. No pinch-to-zoom support. Can't get Astro file mgr to associate file types. Android 2.1 includes all read capabilities free.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
For the price of the paid app its underwelming. It will not open all docs which it is supposed to.
Worth the money, great app anyone who uses execl reguarly needs this app. Some flaws.
Does job but would like to be able to back this app up with linda manager onto my sd card so i can uninstall and reinstall whenever id like
Does job but would like to be able to back this app up with linda manager onto my sd card so i can uninstall and reinstall whenever id like
I use it every day. It is pretty good. I would expect that a full version that allows to edit should allow a spell-check. I do not see how to do it...
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
Works OK but won't open docx. Also would have expected a spell checker. Also can't display word as originally layed out. Automatically wraps sentences
it's ok but if there is any unsupported component then the whole file becomes read only. you can't even copy/paste plain text cells.
This is a good product so far. The only down fall is it does not support microsoft project. This would be very helpful since it has all the others.
My PowerPoint's text get cut off at the bottom while they appear fine in the original document.
Why wont it open html files anymore? It used to and now it doesnt, how lame!
All my excel spreadsheets get corrupted when closed, after re-opening all info is jumbled about....
Fast & easy. Although it seems that it doesn't show cell calculations in excel. Very strange!
There is no instructions for creating a power point slide show. The help page is very limited.
I need to email more than one document at a time such as a cover letter and resume how can i do that.
Fix the display of the axis on the graphs. They're all screwed up. Some fonts, too. Equations in Word also messed up.
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
No spell check. Can't do things like borders or fills. Kinda limited on a lot considering the price.
Really, desperately need to be able to create charts/tables in excel... :( please add!
I constantly use my Droid for work. I prepare all my weekly salesplans on the go and this app is a lifesaver. 4 stars only because no print support.
Great app, would like to see a print option with wireless printers for work on the go.
Editing is great. PDF view needs better image support--opens but fails to display any non-epub Google Books, which are img-based
I really am dissapointed that the sheet to go doesn't have any way to access different sheets. Fix it and I give it a 5
It has real issues in that it saves in 2008 format but will not open that format after it has been saved, Hence, it is just a good reader.
Love this app. It does just what it says it can do. Makes my phone ultra powerful.
Great for MSOffice docs. Still no luck on email PDF files. Is a solution in the works??
Its alright, you can make a very bland and boring power point. Needs the features of layouts, font changes, and images on power point. More editing=5*
Very useful product but there does not appear to be a way to delete files
Problems: You cannot delete any document once it has been installed. You cannot password protect any file
Software does a lot but I wish it had better instructions. It takes a great deal of time to figure out each function.
Gets the job done with Word and Excel but doesnt have as many options as a PC version. Powerpoint is very limited. Unless you know something I dont.
Gets the job done with Word and Excel but doesnt have as many options as a PC version. Powerpoint is very limited. Unless you know something I dont.
I had this on my Palm Treo years ago and am disappointed. This version is missing so much functionality. Hopefully they will improve this.
Unable to read large pdf files (17-35 MB). Nowhere does it state max file size.... why am i paying $$ to view big red X marks??
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
Inability to edit excel sheets that reference other sheets within a workbook is unacceptable. Great otherwise, but uninstalled and got refund.
Did this block corporation accredited email. The only change to M Droid prior to no corporation email.
Would be good if you could edit pdf files. Cant save pdf files into adifferent format or open in word to go or spreadsheets. Moto droid
Force close on moderate sized Excel Sheets (1mb), even with plenty of RAM/SD headspace.
Needs to retain actual filenames of attachments and not the current "attachment.xxx" for every file you want to save from inbox. Get rid of key icon.
Why does it forclose every other time I use the apparently, not worth the money
Seems pretty slick, but had several force closes, one not enough memory on a small docx and couldn't display graphs in pptx. Still evaluating.
I just discovered there is no way. To delete the most-recently-used list of files. In my line of work, that makes it unusable. No fix avail now...
Glad I brought this on sale!!! Anyways WHY TWO ICONS, 1 APP?? and can the doc. Stay with the format like bullets, bold, etc when copied onto email???
There really shouldn't be two icons for one app also absence of spellcheck is a huge oversight. Fix and you'll have 5 stars.
Good app but need it to open attachments on my Droid with Microsoft Exchange and it doesn't look like it does yet. Am I doing something wrong?
I'd give you 5 stars if i could add pic's to the foreground and background to the Power Point, and in Word its tough to type w/no scale/changeVIEW
Worked great for a moment, but now doesnt work. No one available to provide assistance! So far, a waste of money.
Works as expected. Glad the price was dropped from $29.99 which wuz way too high!
Great app with latest update that fixed XLS. Work from my phone is much closer to complete now. Word doesn't display markups or objects on pictures.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Doesnt seem to let me see charts or tabs for spreadsheets, might try again if i need its semi-functionality in a bind
Doesnt seem to let me see charts or tabs for spreadsheets, might try again if i need its semi-functionality in a bind
Ok but needs to go further. Such as insert pictures and start new pdf/powerpoint. +too expensive even on sale
Great program, make it easy to work on the fly. Only drawback is the overall size
Doesnt seem to support equations inserted into powerpoints (they show weird lines) and the text overlaps if there are headers/footers.
Love the new update! Im wondering if I can remove the key app and still have the unlocked features on the main app. I dont want both on my app tray.
The windows mobile version 1000 time better please update this disgusting format and layout needs quick buttons instead of going into menu. Refund!!!
Wish it was as good as the palm version. No categories or a way to make new folders in the app is a big drawback. Still, its the only thing out there.
Good for viewing attachments but can't get it to save them, crashes on save option
Keeps Forclose will not send anything please fix i spent $30 this n i need it
After the last update it won't open my excel doc, which is why I bought the program ...once updated it'll be 4-5 stars again
Needs to have an update before the end of August befor college starts. Needs to compatible with HTML. Will recieve more stars once done.
I have seen update coming for several months now.  Mediocre app will get more stars when dev. Delivers on thier word
Does what it says, but lack of pdf and ppt makes price very inappropriate. Even with, price still too high. Search for gdocs, its a decent alternative
Changed to 2* bought it on iphone too, where is the long promised pot and pdf update???
Unable to open office 2007 xlsx. As mentiioned kind cluncky scroll compared to the rest of the phone. Otherwise nice.
3.93mb sure...6MB for word & excel so when pdf and ppt come we lookin @ 12mb we only have 70mb way 2 much when fixed 5 stars this app=6apps right now
WOW, simply amazing...Im always on the go and falling behind between work and school...well this just made it much easier to deal both !!!
Well worth the price.  Exactly what I've been waiting for to complete this phone.  Writing is seemless and easily exported via email.  Great job!
Why i can't write file in doc format? Is telling me that  parent directory don't exist? (Sdcard)?
Needs to use Android look and feel.  Very hard to use with no toolbar or shortcuts.  But there is no other option, so there you have it.
Would be a 5 if it had G-Docs support, or the ability to auto save to you gmail accounts Gb storage
It will be a five when ppt is available and customer service returns emails.  Other wise it works pretty good.
No smooth scroll. Would not allow edit of simple spreedsheet. For $20, it should have no errors. I would keep if it were free. Uninstall.
No smooth scroll. Would not allow edit of simple spreedsheet. For $20, it should have no errors. I would keep if it were free. Uninstall.
I tested it a lot.  I wanted to keep it.  But, there were some things i did not like about it.
Needs ppt and the ability to view attachments. Also force closes and cost way to much. Not bad but refunded
Had DTG on old WinMo phone, it had PPT and Pdf capabilities - would re-purchase with those additions
Its pretty good but I want more functionality before I pay $20. Will rebuy when has more features.
Can you please fix the fonts? I was typing in times new roman and when I printed it out it looked like a completely different font. Not even close to TMR!!!  Please fix!
Great app that allows me to write on the go.  After upgrading to a new phone it doesn't let me open docs I sent from my PC.  Contacted tech team about a month ago and no one bothered to help.  Have contacted them again and got an idiotic response.  Lets see if I can get some actual HELP with the issue...
When I go to save a document, it deletes instead and will not re-sync
Will give 5 star when the full paid for version can run independently, without the need to install also the free main app.
This App will do what it clams. Its faster and cleaner than Quickoffice, But it still cant compare to OfficeSuite 6 pro. UI & tools.
This app is great because I use it everyday.  I love the fact that I can sync my Excel & Word docs with my computer/laptop because of this.  I gave it 4 stars because it's expensive.  You get this for free on a BB, but you have to pay $15.00 to be able to edit it on an Android.  I also don't get why I have to keep the free version on my phone in order to use the premium version.  I don't like to keep any apps on my phone (taking up space) that I don't need/use.
Useful and practical application, especially good on a large screen, better value than the alternatives
I need this app for school, and has been great but it needs to support APA format. I need the capability to create a new document with headers and all of the other formatting that is required for APA. I also need the draft capability with strike-thru and other editing features. Creating power points would be nice, too. As far as viewing and basic creating and basic editing, this app rocks!
With galaxy 3 I. The zoom is not good for read a book. Before with my infuse phone no problem. I still use my old phone for read books at nigth in the bed.
Although i have similar products, this is my base fall back to product of the others fail in parts. Its not stylish but it will do the job reliably.
Able to make, store and send out my documents no problems:)Wish it came with Slideshow capabilities..would give 5 stars then.
Good program but sometimes trick it
Very useful software. Obviously limited, but good enough.
Rocks!!
Good
Has corrupted a couple excel files but I always back them up so no harm done. 5 stars when it stops doing that.
Has corrupted a couple excel files but I always back them up so no harm done. 5 stars when it stops doing that.
Nice to open and use docs on the go
I really enjoy using this software. I've yet to find a manual to help me use the program.  If thete was a manual, I would give it 5 stars.
Familiar and intuitive..
I think this is a brilliant app, but can't give it 5 stars until it can print to my wireless printer. Are there any plans to add print option?
Okay on my S2
What more i there to say?
The Google docs spreadsheet allows me to select all non blank cells in a column. DTG allows me to select only by a single value. For my sheet to work, I need to be able to select all populated cells in a column with no blanks.
It is a great app that turns your android device as close as possible into a computer. Type out anything u need, email and print it. This app is amazing, the only flaw to it is when i am typing, everytime i backspace it turns automaticly into a uppercase! And when i am using my wireless keyboard i cant stop it from being caps. It is very annoying and must be fixed. Otherwise great app
Full Version a must have! Need things like ability 2 clear 'recently opened docs', & some Excel functions. Conditional Formatting not supported, though. :( 1 of my most used apps!
Easily See all of my documents in one app
Please fix the double app showing
A decent app, could do more.
Use daily, and it is really great.  Will be 5 stars after spreadsheet numeric cell entries don't flip to an alpha keyboard after 1st number keyed.
Functionality is great. I'm not a heavy Microsoft Office user but this app is great for what I do. Well worth the $15. Now with Google Drive out it would be nice to see integration with that service.
I have tried 5 office suites for Android, and this is by far the best of then. The one feature I really miss (in all of them) is support for styles.
Great for Microsoft Word, haven't really used it for PowerPoint or Excel. Would give it five if it didn't crash and make me start over.
Would have gave it four stars but doesnt open everything properly. But works on most of my files. Seems to have an issue with word when a docunent was imported into. Great app thougg
I mostly use the Word part and it needs work.  Like: Auto caps after a period Auto spelling correct Auto period after two spaces.
Great app however they need to add the UK format dates for spreadsheet tho its worth 5* from me
Spell check would make it GREAT!
I use it mainly for viewing and making minor edits. More intensive editing/production requires the real thing.
Overall, this program does what you need in an office app. You do need to spend the extra money and purchase the full unlocked version.
I've been using DTG since I bought my first PDA, Palm Tungsten T, almost 10 years ago. I know the app missing some features that competitors have it. But, it meets my basic needs and for $9.99 it's quite bargain.
Love the app. Works great. Would love it to stop asking me to register every time I update my phone and reinstall, though.
V
This is the best compared to other apps.  The only thing that i dont really like is not being able to see the notes on the ppt. Other than this I look forward for updates to make it better.
It works and easily pulls files from USB device. Which I have found difficult in other apps.  Wish you could view ppt notes on same page as slides as a top/bottom split screen.  Also wish it had an .rtf file accessibility. That would make it about seamless for me.  I should add I use this for college classes that are taught on PowerPoint. So I don't have much to say about the rest :)
When l uninstall Swiftkey X keyboard, it works fine with system keyboard. So please fix problem so that I can use swift X keyboard next time.
I've already got QuickOffice which has brilliant links to other popular cloud services such as Evernote and Box which Documents to Go glaringly lacks. I bought this as it's apparently more compatible with Excel formulas and the desktop sync application should be quite useful, and best of all it's only £3 in the sale!
Got it on sale for $4.99 - can't beat it!  Thanks for a good product!
Better than other Android word processors.
Wish the formatting was a little easier to access. Otherwise great.
My only complaint about this app is the lack of spell check.  Auto-correct on input is ok, but that doesn't help you when pasting existing content into a doc.  Please add spell check - 5 start when it's in.
Only problem is there is NO SPELL CHECK! Overall a great and usefull app that is worth the money. Please add a spell check and fix the backspace bug.
Only problem is there is NO SPELL CHECK! Overall a great and usefull app that is worth the money. Please add a spell check and fix the backspace bug.
I would have given a better rating if you'd just stop the 'upgrade' spam - especially as I missed the new spring sale!
Works great!!!  Very convenient and makes my life easier!!!
I use it for small excel sheets and with the impeoved functionf for tabs its quite usefull
Been using it for years on my iPhone and was not disappointed on my tablet.  The only thing that would make it better is a quick save button instead of having to access the menu every time. I bought a docking station and it would be nice to have the use of "hot keys".
This can edit and save office docs.
i like it but need the ability to highligh text and take notes on pdfs. I am on a journal club and read pdfs in meetings, need to be able to mark up the pdf somehow.
Not the best interface of the office apps (lots of buried menus) but the most robust with excel formulas that I have tried
Would rate it 5 if cell names were added
Have used this app for years. First on palm system and now on DROID.   Would be 5 stars if I could sync with and without cable. To lies you need to put free on first than upgrade to pro.
Great office app on my tf101 helps alot. But It needs spelling and grammar check.
Good application. Still need to support desktop sync for Galaxy Tab 10.1.
OK app, but need to be able to create folders/sub folder.  I have several word documents that needs to be separated in different folders. Need to be able to create folders for personal use, business, and miscellaneous.
I have a couple of spreadsheets that i would like carry around. This looks like it got some good reviews. It's gonna get another one. It took a little getting used to navigating around but i got there. Once i had my files syncd with PC it took some clicking to navigate to the folder containing them. some 4-5 folders i think it was. This could do with shortning. Other than that i was able to not only access my files but they kept all the formating and i was able to modify the files to a surprising level. Worth the £10 paid for it? Just about.
This is gunna help me add to my uni essays when im not at a computer sweet
But would love to be able to use my various downloaded fonts & clipart - just like Word/Excel, etc, on my computer. Instead of having to re-do them on my laptop. [ epic 4g ]
Passable excel sim but needs finishing to remove niggles... no text wrap & copying/inserting is difficult..
All is good. Except for excel. Borders don't show. I hope this gets resolved soon.
Buy it while on sale. Works on the Moto Droid pretty well. Does what it says. Sucks having two icons though, so 4/5.
The application itself is great.  I like that purchasing one license gives me access to the app on all of my devices (phone and tablet).  The but is for limited interfacing with cloud storage services.  Add connectivity to DropBox, EverMore, and others for that 5th star.
I wish the app handled cab files...
Its an awsome app but I reccomend updating word and put a header and footer feature. also can you update power point to be able to change font and colour and add a picture. Thankkss
The best one around! Yeah it's not perfect... but it opens password protected spreadsheets. That's what I needed! I am very happy with this app.
The best one around! Yeah it's not perfect... but it opens password protected spreadsheets. That's what I needed! I am very happy with this app.
Could really do with some updates. Really needs a footnotes system.
I can delete rows and columns in exel but not insert. That is a very important function.  I use docs to go on my iPone and iPad and sync to my desktop.  I can't figure out how to sync this app to the desktop. I requested a link to the android desktop and never gotthe link emailed to me. Will the two desktops clash?    Otherwise, I have used docs to go for many happy years. I'm sure it will all come together soon. :)
When are we going to see support for opening .csv files in an excel page?   Other apparently seem to already support it, and am considering switching
A long time user, I find this app excellent except that recently it has started to force close a lot.
It does almost everything I need only thing is on some spreadsheets it can display everything or move from table to table but all in all worth the buy
Better than others, but still lacking. Word editing is so cumbersome - it won't capitalise new sentences & has few fonts. Poor landscape doc editing.
Love the app would love it more if it were updated with the capability of merging cells
I like it. Inspiration --> creation. Beginning immediately - a Word doc and a PwrPt in a lossless time frame format. Mobility's edge!
It is very basic, but as far as I know is the best you can get for Android. It does what it says, just some basic edits, but it can definitely save your day for minor edits, to rehearse a presentation, etc. For pdf's though I prefer RepliGo.
I dropped down one star because no barcode reader i still have to enter number by hand
I dropped down one star because no barcode reader i still have to enter number by hand
Will not open on the Motorola xoom.  I will need a refund.
Would be 5 but can't login to google docs.  Anyone any ideas why?
Captivate. I've used this and QuickOffice on Palm, Symbian and, now, Android. Overall it's the best for my rather simple needs. I do wish I could hide Row/Column headers to maximize my screen real estate and I would like a few more functions supported (LOOKUP...), otherwise, it's the best I've found to-date. It IS getting about time for an update, though (Oct 2010 for last?) I liked it enough that I even paid for it :-)
I've been using this app to send email attachments and it's very convenient.
As a student and an aspiring writer, I find this app invaluable to me, because I am able to write on the go!
Add auto-filter for spreadsheets, and it's perfect!
This app makes it possible to correctly view all you attachments on your phone.
Find and replace are there! Just look under view.
I bought it and it will not open. Either help me with a fix or refund my money?
Awesome!
Very good app.
Great app. Latest update is great. Give me a toolbar like on my old PalmOS version.
Needs to be able to add your own bookmarks to PDF
Would it be possible to implement this as an option to the zoom-redraw it currently does?
Great app just need to make so I can convert excel files to pdf format
Not five stars, because it needs Office 2010 support.
Great app, but no print option for droid
I use excel and word exclusively and have had no problems on my htc desire.
I really like this .
Great. Except Google doc won't download anything, plus I have to have both the main app and the pro to operate this one. HTC SENSATION 4G
This is the office suite app I have found so far, but it's still lacking key features I would like to see...  1. The default android keyboard layout is not the best for this type of work. They need to offer installation of another keyboard set, such as Hacker's keyboard.  2. Proper office shortcuts are not used. I cannot use SHIFT+B to bold, SHIFT+TAB to decrease indent, SHIFT+ARROWS to select text. This is my biggest issue.  Their formatting interface is clunky.  Otherwise, so far, a solid app.
This app does very little in comparison to the real thing. only basic functions; i.e. add, subtract, etcetera.
The one formula I use frequently is not available with this app (RAND). Hence making it pretty much useless to me. Do your homework before purchasing.
Great now. I use this with my Google Apps account.
Default file name should be the date... that way you don't accidentally save over files in a hurry!
I have upgraded two times since I purchased this app. Both times I lost my information that I put in. How can this be fixed?
This is a great app hoewever it needs a merge function.
Generally works well with good stability & performance. But it has limitations that keep popping up. For example "outline mode" is not supported in Word docs and the PDF viewer can't handle large/complex docs. Despite these limitations it's a good app and from what I can tell, the best available for what it does.
Love the program. Works well with my DROIDX and I am able to access my google docs straight from the program. Happy with the purchase. Sal
I use this app all the time. I do wish it supported inserting images, and I do have another office app that does support inserting images, but I do really appreciate Documents To Go's stability. It doesn't crash, and I can reliably open the files I create in Office.
No support for browsing to sdcard-ext on DX2 only to internal storage. Please add support.
i bought a tablet to replace a laptop, and one major feature i would love is keyboard commands either by using control or command buttons, for i have a physical keyboard to go with my tablet. also, a nice toolbar would be a great addition, fantastic app guys!
To everyone crying that they can't open a doc...make sure that it is not protected by the sender. DUH!
I'd give it a 5 start if it synced with Dropbox better. But syncing desktop works well.
Would love to have a built in spell checker.
Just recently haveing trouble conecting to my pc. Says its not conected. Already updated, but problem still there
Needs a spell check, other than that pretty cool :)
Great for work
Great. Vibrant froyo
Won't let me edit a pdf file
Works
Seriously!
Just paid and it doesnt display powerpoint 2007 file (broken figures and no text). Word docs and pdf ok.
I originally had this on WM6 devices and now I have it on a Desire S. In my experience it is the only app that truly preserves the formatting in MS Office docs – particularly things like corporate headers etc. I agree with some of the other reviews that the interface is clunky and typing in landscape is not very good because you can't see the rest of the document. The only bug so far is that sometimes the editing is tagged as 'do not spell check' when you bring the document back into Word.
Completely Awesome and perfect for what I need it for since I don't have Word on my desktop. Quick and Efficient!
This is a very useful app. Obviously, still in it's early stages. Wish list: view more than first page of spreadsheet; text to wrap in cells; print...
This app has a lot more formatting features as compared to most other office apps in the market. I bought it for my Xoom and it worked really well on it. The synchronization with Google Docs was very easy to setup and the app allowed me to edit documents from my GDocs account right away. I gave it 4-stars instead of 5 only because the interface is designed more for a phone and not as much for a tablet. Hope they add tablet-specific features soon.
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
Custom ROMs prevent from saving registration info, thus prompts me for re-registration every time - thus features like recent docs, favs don't work.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
can't edit table or photos or odt / csv / rtf. will buy quickoffice as well. Prefer D2G for viewing files. Much better than officepro.
Nice app. Could use some more options, but pretty impressive for what it can do.
I mostly use this on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 with the keyboard dock station. All is good with the exception of the popup soft keyboard. When the tablet is docked and I'm using the external keyboard I DO NOT NEED THE SOFT KEYBOARD ON THE SCREEN. Please modify this app so the soft keyboard does not constantly show when I'm using the external keyboard. I noticed this particularly in the spreadsheet app.
Very useful for the profession I'm in.........use it on the go all the time on my G2
Great app,but wish it had all features of office. no offense but Googledocs can pretty much do everything this can. except DTG has better excel setup
Great idea, but is not compatible with Office 2007. Can't open password protected docs. Optimized PDFs are blank. Pretty much useless.
Upgraded to the Samsung Charge. You have to have the free version first...when you buy the Full version, it just downloads the key, then the app works. It's a bit tricky at times from my BB days....it makes things easier than using Google Docs all the time.
This app doesn't work. I paid n installed n it won't let me open it. What a waste for 15 bucks. It won't even let me refund
Powerful app but I wish I could track changes, that the keyboard was easier to get to, and that it would let me bookmark my place in a manuscript.
The speed of loading and scrolling files is very impressive. In fact, this convinced me to go with Docs to Go after comparing to the free trials of the competitors. The only complaint I have is the inability for the program to display Visio embedded files in MSW documents correctly. Thus the 4 stars.
Great app! Saves me a lot of time because I don't have to use the browser, for my spreadsheets. I wish it had filter tool though.
Great app! Saves me a lot of time because I don't have to use the browser, for my spreadsheets. I wish it had filter tool though.
Best editor on the market excellent MS compatibility, but it's missing a spellchecker. One major gripe is the app loses it's place if it loses focus.
Poor support for MS Word text boxes, these appear as tiny icons which have to be selected individually to view contents which show only on half screen
I downloaded it, tried to get a refund, and it uninstalled it but didn't refund my money. Please let me reinstall!!!
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Good but force closes every so often without backing up data. Make sure you save your work often.
Who cares about move 2 sd I adb'd my phone I give it 5 you rock
love it been very helpful, with updating docs, easy to up load to different sites. best friend
Still haven't used enough to know what all it does but like what I have seen.
Great app. On MAC, you cannot open a file if the format is saved as a Word 97-2004 document (.doc). Says internal error
Works okay on my Hero. Would probably work best on devices clocked at 800 Mhz and above. The main menu could really use a facelift too.
Works on my archos101 like a charm. Would like to see mult tabs on excel
Works great. Customer service from hell, worse than the IRS. Customer service = "it's their fault." If you can even find that. Had to purchase again.
No support. When I tried to dl again after changing to new Thunderbolt, it charged me again. And I used same email address. Garbage.
I daren't apply the update in case I'm charged again. RIM now own this software.
I daren't apply the update in case I'm charged again. RIM now own this software.
Good aplication & helpfull. I use it for daily work on the fly. Work well in Droid X. Please, improve with page formating.
UGH! I bought this app mainly for the advertised syncing with Google Docs. I thought it would be AMAZING to be able to edit and create Google Doc files on the go - however, when I connected this app with Google Docs and tried to edit\open a file, the app gave me a message: "Failed to download file". No reason, or solution, and DataViz has NO support or forums (forums are locked, and their support forms are broken)
I did not purchase this either the company stole money from my debit card or someone else did there's no way to contact number don't work and no email
Quite good on my N1 although paid version is not cheap; therefore, I would expect to be able to move to SD but cannot.
I tried to cancel this product within the 15 minute time frame and it told me i could not cancel . So I am asking u to cancel this product Please
Works OK, but wish it wasn't impossible to get in contact with someone at DataViz. Needs full screen option. Hide the stupid status bar.
Have used this product for 2 years now on Blackberry now droid x. Great app, except that the ability to edit excel sheets is very limited.
LOVE IT!!!!! It is fast and total office on the go!! I keep my personal budget in Excel and can update it in real time now. Love it!!!!! :) :) :)
It's very good, but think free office that came with my samsung galaxy tab (7" Brazilian) is actually better, I kinda regret buying this...
Love this app... could use more online storage locales for files. (Gdocs is great, but QuickOffice Pro offers dropbox, box, huddle, sugarsync mobileme
Fantastic, however the power point is terrible. Glad I have thinkfree office for pp and docs to go for everything else. EVO
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
Samsung Vibrant 2.2 - when I purchased this app I didn't know that you needed two different software for it to work. what you need is to download the free version first then purchase the app then it will work. Too many steps! So far it has been working well for me.
Hard to use the find function, does not use the enter button on the keyboard, not customizable. No open office compatibility.
Would get 5 stars, but formating excel columns is not ez. Very li/eted editing available. But for a mobile app, not bad
Love this app. However need to add spell check to app. Great on the go for all office applications.
Great way to start or finish a Doc. Slide. Or Excel project. Being a student i found this very helpful since i dont have microsoft office.
Poor documentation. No way to contact customer service, just loops you around and around. None of these Apps work well, but they are all we get.
Poor documentation. No way to contact customer service, just loops you around and around. None of these Apps work well, but they are all we get.
Fantastic!! But sometimes kinda slow at opening files. Definitely needs spell-check. HTC Desire Z
Fantastic!! But sometimes kinda slow at opening files. Definitely needs spell-check. HTC Desire Z
What a pain. Never could get it to work. Even after buying the product key .
I've been a Docs2Go user for 9 years, since the Palm days. Unfortunately they've devolved since then. It requires a data connection to verify your license before you can edit docs, so if you're on a plane, a cruise, or in a dead zone you're outta luck. I can just use Google docs, who needs D2G? Also, Dataviz is impossible to reach. They shut down the user forums, probably because they didn't want to read all our complaints and suggestions. AVOID, unless you are always in a wifi/Edge/3G zone.
You guys need to put up a support email address, we have no way to directly contact you about things like failing to get a refund.
Golly! Finally a mature, well thought out, well implemented application for Android. CHEAP AT THE PRICE.
HTC Evo.
No spell check and slow especially when rotating the screen or zooming. That said probably the best out there currently.
This is definitely a well-developed executable. Though expensive, it is highly functional, reliable, & flexible. Recommended upgrade. ~:sds:~ DX
I dont regret purchasing it because im sure itll come in handy eventually, but i REALLY want to take notes on pdfs...
The UI in Excel could be much more user friendly. Please work on this. Outside of that, this app does everything I need it to do.
Won't even open an rtf document and I can't get a refund because my phone crashed during the refund process. What a joke.
Worked fine until recent update. Now will not work and will not install on my Droid X.
This app is awesome. I spend about 4 hours traveling to get to and from school. I can't always be onn my laptop, but I can always be on my phone. :)
If you need an app that will view and edit powerpoint ,this one will do as it promises.
Great app. No notebook or netbook handy but have a paper to write...get-er-dun with this app.
Will not download!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now being asked to purchase again- disputing credit card charge as already posted by Goggle!!!!
**Download FREE Documents to Go 1ST or Full Vers.won't unlock! I had to go online to the Marketplace for correct instructions (not Dataviz' bad site)
LOVE being able to sync files quickly & accurately with desktop. Editing is a bit clumsy with too many steps. Registration checking issue fixed.
Decent app for "mobile phone" editing. Only complaint is there's no highlight options. Works great on the EVO.
多少互換性に問題ありますが、動きの軽さを考えればビュワーとして実用十分です。 PCファイル編集面は期待できないので割りきる必要があります（それでもandroidアプリとしてはトップクラスの編集機能はあります）。
was working but now receive prompt to download again, but when I follow directions to do this, market says it is already installed. Very angry!
Runs great, no problems with force closing, Been using it for about 3 months on HTC 4G. Description say up to 2007 office, but 2010 csv files run too.
Problems showing graphics in PDF files. Only Adobe Reader didn't trip over this file. For example: Soccer "Laws of the Game" PDF at ussoccer.org.
"clear data" will take you in a circle of download-it-you-already-have-it-download-it-you-already-have-it. Just reinstall free version & re-register
works great, the free version does not allow updates. the recent upgrade makes it much faster. it's worth buying if you need to modify documents.
I'd give 5 stars if on powerpoint it was possible not only to view notes, but be able to write notes & edit notes.
Coming from a Windows pocket PC with lots of docs to a android. This app has made it almost seamless. Well worth $.
Very good app. Allows me to quick edit essays for school. Still this needs dropbox compatibility ASAP.
I use alot of microsoft forms in my work. Many are custom forms where the format is constant but the data in the fields is ever changing. GREAT!
I used this on my old Sony Clue for years. Great app for simple office tasks
I used this on my old Sony Clue for years. Great app for simple office tasks
Good app! Fast file open and display. 5 star if I can rename and move my files.
Definitely great for viewing. My favorite feature is using this to access goggle docs.
Just downloaded the full version but when I open it it claims that its not a valid version from the android market. Complete waste of my money.
Love this app, could fix some little things and make it function smoother though. HTC desire 2.2
Awesome app puts the Galaxy Tab miles ahead of the iPad for business purposes. Turned my tab into a mini computer
Awesome app puts the Galaxy Tab miles ahead of the iPad for business purposes. Turned my tab into a mini computer
Working well on nexus 1 running cm7 nightly. Not an easy program to use but it works. Functional rather than spectacular!
Best office suite for Android. My spreadsheet however seems to have "unsupported content" and is therefore uneditable.
The spreadsheet portion has NO support for multi-tabbed sheets. Otherwise, a useful tool for editing documents.
The spreadsheet portion has NO support for multi-tabbed sheets. Otherwise, a useful tool for editing documents.
Great app. "Checking account status" every time I open a doc is irritating; would go to 5 stars if that stopped. Otherwise love it. Samsung Captivate
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
It took half a day to download and I never got the program after I had paid.
Works well to let me read my office docs. Great program and worth paying for. Would be even better if it supported openoffice documents as well
Only gets an average rating cause there's no over better alternative. Toolbar needs to be on-screen.
I highly recommended the paid version. Of all the apps I have on my phone, this one is the best....
Disappointed by others, I got the full version. U can do everything! G-docs works great. 10X better than free trial. 24 hour refund policy, too.
The best office app. Awesomely useful. Only missing dropbox sync and wireless printing and syncing!
Docs to Go is better than Office Suite Pro. The UI is better, it's smoother in it's operation, and I love it! Evo
Docs to Go is better than Office Suite Pro. The UI is better, it's smoother in it's operation, and I love it! Evo
Several crucial features missing (table manipulation, text sorting) but better than other Android MS Office-compatible products.
I seem to find a lot of limitations with the app such as opening password protected files is not supported and excel formulas, but overall good
Great product but could use some updates. There are limitations to viewing pic and graphs with the excel and power point software. Please update this!
Great apparently for on the work. I hope they make the share function available not just email.
Good comments about it Bad comments about it. Mmm doesn't work w/o internet connection! Idk Should I buy it? Mmm no! I will buy it afte a good upgrad
Good comments about it Bad comments about it. Mmm doesn't work w/o internet connection! Idk Should I buy it? Mmm no! I will buy it afte a good upgrad
Good comments about it Bad comments about it. Mmm doesn't work w/o internet connection! Idk Should I buy it? Mmm no! I will buy it afte a good upgrad
Awesome program! Well worth the money. Not sure if it will transfer when I get a new Droid though. Should have Bluetooth so I can print, 4 stars.
Did not install correctly and 15minute refund did allow to inquire about problem...
Documentation sez app can run from SD. You lied to me! What happens when I can't connect!
Works great for what I need to do. I do school reports while at worj and email them to myself for editing on my main computer at home.
Can do everything but print. Needs to be able to Bluetooth to printer for five stars.
Very nice, but the zoom in/out box needs to go -- it annoyingly obscures the document text. There needs to be a faster way of accessing the keyboard.
Love the new features that allow you to sycronize with your computer~ it helps me keep track with which version is newer.
Love the new features that allow you to sycronize with your computer~ it helps me keep track with which version is newer.
Great app. Checking my account online at every startup is annoying. What happens if there is no network?
Worked on my droid. The upgrade continuely "force close" on the app. Dataviz get er done right!
Great app, but needs to sync with google docs and wireless print feature . Otherwise give stars.
Great app, but needs to sync with google docs and wireless print feature . Otherwise give stars.
Great application allowing quick editing of office documents while on the road. Highly recommended for busy managers on the move.
I am still not being able to open pdf files even after purchasing the app. Please help.
Best on the market but needs to be able to sync Google docs locally and automatically for offline/quick access.
Great app but didn't find out desktop app to synchronize with not avail as of 5/7/10
A real winner, only marked lower for lack luster support of punch and zoom and some quirky ui behavior but over all very impressive. +Google docs!!!
I will give it a five star if they upgrade so that I can open office 2010 and see, insert, and format pictures. Exept for that it is awsome.
I will give it a five star if they upgrade so that I can open office 2010 and see, insert, and format pictures. Exept for that it is awsome.
Redownloaded on a new phone. Instructions not friendly. Works. But why did I have to download the Free version as well?
Works like a dream on my Droid X, and iPad. It syncs wonderfully with my Google Docs or Dropbox account. Excellent UI!
Would give a 5 th star, but constant checking for a registered full version is wasting time, couldn't dev check randomly or say every tenth document?
Great app! Still a few things that need tweaking but works great for the most part. Epic 4G
I've been using this for a while and does everything it says it does. 10 stars from me. EVO
Key does not work with my device, tells me it is not a valid android key. Uninstalled
Does well given the platform it's on (mobile). I love being able to at least see all file types on the run. Not totally worth the price though.
I've had documents to go on a Palm OS, Windows OS and now the Android OS. I would recommend this program to anyone who uses MS Office.
Pretty good app; however it doesn't support WordPad document reading (i.e., attached to gmail), as far as I can tell. -MotoDroid2 2.2
This is a very good program but takes time to learn how to use all functions in the menues
This is a very good program but takes time to learn how to use all functions in the menues
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
no functional issues w droid/incredible, but prog checks If u r a reg. user everytime you open it-a prob if your out of service range, won't work!
no functional issues w droid/incredible, but prog checks If u r a reg. user everytime you open it-a prob if your out of service range, won't work!
no functional issues w droid/incredible, but prog checks If u r a reg. user everytime you open it-a prob if your out of service range, won't work!
Asks for google password. Hence useless for google docs. Won't refund, even after 2 minutes. Beware!! they're taking the money but won't answer mails
Will give 5 when it has spell check and possibly ability to add pictures to documents. Otherwise perfect.
Excellent app. Please add print access and this app will be a super duper that every one must have.
So far so good, does everything it says very well. Will give it 5 stars when printing or link with print program is included.
Annoying, when you save, carriage returns are not saved on the document, they become underscores, eg. Line1 Line2 Becomes... line1_Line2 So irritating
I've been using this for 2 years. Upgraded to the Droid and I didn't want anything else. Works perfectly. Has all the basic features plus more!
WORKS GREAT ON Evo. Don't buy Quickoffice because its cheaper. You'll be throwing away your money.
The installation is sending me in circles. I open it, hit download, get transferred to the market where I hit download again and return to start...?
Excellent except if you're away from online connection where it can't verify your ownership of the app, you go back to TRIAL MODE! Not field-reliable.
My Galaxy Tab does not support this app., or so it seems. I am having s hard time with this program. Please help, email me. Then i will give 5 stars
Just got full version and love it. Will be happier when I learn how to delete files! Not obvious unfortunately. Great app and concept!
I have the full version on my HTC EVO. Great app, but wish it's better integrated with SwiftKey in landscape. Limited to editing in standard view.
This is everything you want in a word, excel, pdf, etc product! I love this product! Get the full version it is worth the money!
This is everything you want in a word, excel, pdf, etc product! I love this product! Get the full version it is worth the money!
Add a rotate lock feature for the pdf viewer word wrap. It would be nice to have it not move
Like it. Nice integration with google docs, format view is pretty good for viewing, light editing, and sd save is easy too. Best of tried apps
Java.io.EFEx message comes up when trying to open word docs on Droid X. Docs won't open.
Support 4 Google docs works great! problems: recent docs doesn't handle google docs. And why check validity of full v online EVERY TIME I use it?!
Missing print or at least export to PDF (to print by another app). Failed to load some xlsx files. Expensive
Great program but it will not capitalize new sentences. I had a Blackberry with this program and it worked like that. I cannot find a fix for it.
Love this app, a must have. My only gripe is I wish I could view downloaded .xlsb files. But otherwise great.Droid x
Always worked fine and well worth the small fee to edit on the fly. Perfect on the commute.
A must for anyone who needs to view and edit files on the fly!! Even Google docs.
Would have been a 5 star but you can't have 2 documents open at the same time and switch from one to the other... Please fix :(
Great app but sync? I'll try it. Perhaps add OneNote support as I use that for school research. Vibrant
Great app! Can write up a doc in minutes & w/ adding the printer share app I can print wireless 2 my home printer! Add cut/paste & more fonts Plz! D2
Several rough edges and a generally clunky feel, in other words standard-issue DataViz. But it (usually) gets the job done.
Way better than QuickOffice, which I've just uninstalled. Would get 5 if I could change input methods to Pinyin.
Great app. However, unable to figure out how to add pictures to PowerPoint presentation.
It works perfectly for office files, but some works and OpenOffice compatibility would be awesome
I like this app. Would like it if it would let me know how many pages my doc. Is
I like this app. Would like it if it would let me know how many pages my doc. Is
Awesome! Worth paying for, glad to have gdocs support, needs ability to add pictures to docs though
Great application but cut and paste is still too cumbersome.need to be able to edit the text to be cut rather than an automatic cut.
Love it! Used on Palms before. Can delete docs by connecting to computer. Make update to delete directly from phone.
Recent files should include Google docs and maybe some shortcuts to avoid going to menu always for changes
Addition of MobileMe access would raise my rating from four to five stars! Great app.
Bought paid app. Difficult to use on small screens but is handy & appears accurate. Pdf viewer is a -1 star.
Only 2 complaints are: 1) Excel feature is kinda useless, and 2) overall app is TOO darn useful - its a MUST-BUY app whenever I get a new smartphone.
Good app. Wish it opened access files as well. New version validates purchase every time which is annoying
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
Works great most of the time. Every few minutes it will give error 1033 and close when editing a word document.
After I found this app, I uninstalled the full version of quickoffice.. this has better functionality. eg opening password protected word files.
Great app -have used it for years on various phones & p.d.a.'s. PLEASE ADD ability to view final documents showing headers & footers!!
Great app -have used it for years on various phones & p.d.a.'s. PLEASE ADD ability to view final documents showing headers & footers!!
Love it, but needs printing support (using PrinterShare). Dev, please read http://bit.ly/cCMiWq ... Will reconsider purchase if added. Evo with 2.2
Since the update it keeps "verifying user account" and the first time I open my Recent Docs it shows a blank screen so i have to close and re-open.
Needs PriNt through Bluetooth or Wifi, bets if both:). ONE TIME PRICE, NO Subscription needed.
Needs PriNt through Bluetooth or Wifi, bets if both:). ONE TIME PRICE, NO Subscription needed.
Amazing app, only feature i would like to see is support for opendocument files. Other than that i have all the ones i need
Amazing app, only feature i would like to see is support for opendocument files. Other than that i have all the ones i need
Version 3 worked excellent on the Droid x. I can't get sync to work on the Droid incredible :-(
Could not edit excel doc because of unsupported functions. Deal breaker so uninstalled it.
Loved old version. Like GDocs addition. Navigating away w/o saving is risky. Lost all work when I went to pull a browser. Working ok now but I'm wary.
Love the new UI and access to google docs! High quality app, runs fast and looks great! Worth every penny!!!
Update was exactly what was needed. Now please remove the link in the app to hide the update store if we already have the paid version!
I have been using Document to Go on my PalmOS for years, it's even more useful on my Android.
Force close every time i touch Google docs... before it even logs in. tmobile g2
This update KILLED what was am absolutely essential app! I can't even save an Excel file now! Recent docs folder is empty! Please fix it!
Great app just got better with 3.0! Thank you. Please add ability to open .csv files in Excel for 5th star :)
Pretty good, but Sheets doesn't handle multi-line text in cells and PDF viewer is fuzzy at max zoom.
Ver.3.1 very impressive update. Google docs access. Formatting and editing tools very good. The office suite for Android.
Ver.3.1 very impressive update. Google docs access. Formatting and editing tools very good. The office suite for Android.
+1 on googdocs FC. Besides that this is amazing. As stated rare to get your moneys worth.
+1 on googdocs FC. Besides that this is amazing. As stated rare to get your moneys worth.
+1 on googdocs FC. Besides that this is amazing. As stated rare to get your moneys worth.
Does what it says, but for $30 should do alot more than the free ones.
Does what it says, but for $30 should do alot more than the free ones.
Ah! Update issues! What's with the annoying "updating" message that pops up every time I open any document?
Excellent app. Powerpoint editing is a little lacking, but Word and pdf functionality is fantastic!!
Good App. Only one i could find to support inserting comments. Needs to allow track changes, move to sd support and spellcheck for 5 stars
No cloud support such as google docs like the apple app what a ripoff at $14 without this feature also doesn't sync to docs to go desktop software
Great app that everyone should get will give five stars when it includes spell check
Love it, but needs the option to move to SD. I need to free up space on my phone.
Worked great for a while on my droid x. Now it does not allow me to erase text I type. Tried to find help, only instruction for PC with mouse.
Works great for viewing blueprints while on the go or creating doc. Great app for Evo 4G
Purchased app thinking u cd put on SD Card. Says it's 4MB & it's taking up 8MB of space on ph & u can't put on SD??? RIDICULOUS!! PLS FIX! Mot Droid.
Use to the version I had on my Palm phone, not bad just gotta get use to the differences.
This software is supposed to be the best you can get. Dataviz is supposed to be the best you can get. This software crashed my phone.
This software is supposed to be the best you can get. Dataviz is supposed to be the best you can get. This software crashed my phone.
Its great, but you cant delete files that you create or save... thats a bummer. Even when you overwrite them the previous files remain on your droid.
Works well but unfortunately the android version cannot open locked MS Office 2007 documents. DROID X
Email function doesnt always work. And how about a spell checker tool? Otherwise,workes great. I no longer need my computer thanks to this app.
So yeah, wasnt 3.0 announced like this past spring? Then RIM bought it? I smell a rat.
So yeah, wasnt 3.0 announced like this past spring? Then RIM bought it? I smell a rat.
Would be nice if wouldnt need to have 2 icons just to have this but that is all i can complain about.
So easy to use and so efficient! I use it at all my meetings and conferences.
Decent to good program but switching back & forth from selection mode to keyboard is time consumming, cumbersome, & annoying. Also NO TABBING!
I use this app a lot. Nothing can beat it for docs but still a little buggy and opens some text docs as black highlighting not found on default viewer
Would give it 4 stars if I could delete files from my phone. Otherwise for being the only app like it it's okay.
George didn't read the requirements. Great little app, but doesn't seem to show headers and footers, unless I'm missing something (quite likely!)
Not much edit options on excel, cannot even do the sum... but all in all it's not so bad, and it's a necessary tool to me
I love everything!!! I can edit my work, and not even have to have my computer!!!
Would ne five stars except for two issues. 1) don't autostart at phone boot and 2) add ability to edit plain text file in Word2Go like you had in Palm
No way to print from phone. Needs this functionality to be truly useful for roadwarriors.
love the app!easy to open and view docs. Editing is clumsy 4 word + Excel. Hard to get to keyboard for editing word. Landscape view can't see whole
The install process was very poor, however after reading the support post I was able to figure it out. Works great after that.
Used on BBerry, now on Droid Incredible. Indispensable. Free is nicely done, but paid is a real step above. Be nice to have touch resizing.
If there was a save to pdf function that would maker this a stellar app
Great software, but some basic functions arent available like =weeknum(). Open documents dialogue should have an open by folder option.
I was able to type my resume so I could have it on file! A+++
switched from a windows phone to a Droid all documents from my word programs are opened easily by this program. I really like this program so far.
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
Can someone explain to me why the font choices seem to randomly change...i emailed dev but NO response, other than that i love it
I had this on my Palm TX. It's nice to have it on my Incredible!
Excellent app. I appreciate the work you have put in put developing this. Well. Worth the money. Thanks, MB Dell streak.
Excellent app. I appreciate the work you have put in put developing this. Well. Worth the money. Thanks, MB Dell streak.
Spreadsheet cannot delete files or rename them. No color to choose. Have not found function other than adding. Quickoffice seemed more complete.
Can' t edit text pasted from another app. like "Easy Note." No Backspace key in Swype either. Pitty Dataviz forced me to buy this app twice.
Really need to remove at least one of the icons when you have paid for the full version
Love this app comes in handy when looking for a job, keepng my resume on Doc2Go. CAN YOU REMOVE THE 2ne ICON OUT OF THE app drawer.
Best I have seem for android. Worth the money if you handle multiple docs as I do
Would be nice if it even opened. It just keeps sending me to download it even though its installed.
My Droid stopped working & now I can't reinstall because I don't have my registration key & can't even access technical support without the key ...
Very good app.I install car alarms and works great to view and edit my tech notes.using HTC hero
Had to uninstall, kept getting error that web page did not exsist. Never coulb get it to work
C'mon already...release version 3! I like version 2, but the improvements in Version 3 are sorely needed to keep this on par with the iPhone version.
Good program but does not show some colour pictures on some documents which are displayed on standard pdf viewers
Good program but does not show some colour pictures on some documents which are displayed on standard pdf viewers
I used this 7 years ago on my Palm Treo...best on the market. Highly recommend! Add 'save to PDF' in doc/spreadsheets enhancement is needed.
Pretty good package...the pdf viewer is better than Adobe's mobile option from the marketplace. I would like to see ability to create bookmarks.
Great editing, but inferior to iPhone version. Can't access Google Docs or Dropbox items from browser. Give me access to cloud files, get 3 more stars
would be.better if you could move it to SD card. Can't open some PDF files; hard to change from PDF file to word to go
would be.better if you could move it to SD card. Can't open some PDF files; hard to change from PDF file to word to go
would be.better if you could move it to SD card. Can't open some PDF files; hard to change from PDF file to word to go
Fantastic app. I can take and edit all my docs and presentations wherever I go. Easy to open from gmail.
I love it. With the paid key to unlock more than 'read' functions, I can do every office task I need on a phone.
Works well for most everything but will not open xls format. Xl works fine bur no xls
It's the only app which is truly awful when using Swype keyboard. You cannot edit a misspelt word.
Please add a Google Docs conduit for loading/saving our files, also OASIS OpenDocument support please! All my spreadsheets are .ods!
This app is not capable of editing an existing file. It needs a LOT of tools it does not have like hi-lighting, cutting, pasting, moving, by touch .
Stable and works well. Num lock does not always remain enabled, copying entire spreadsheet and creating forumlas not as easy as Excel. Evo.
Stable and works well. Num lock does not always remain enabled, copying entire spreadsheet and creating forumlas not as easy as Excel. Evo.
The usefulness is unquestionable. But how often you use it is thr question. Valuable tool if used frequently.
Would be 5 stars if you could print via BlueTooth and scan to .pdf with camera
Cannot get it to work on Android 2.1. To load it keeps going back to same page, like a dog chasing his tail.
This is a big app, it would be better if it could run from the sd card.
This is a big app, it would be better if it could run from the sd card.
Has a lot more features than pocket pc word or excel, note it does not open openoffice.org files
Able to modify excel and word docs. Love it. No need for laptop. Droid X.
Used Docs2Go (since long ago) with my Palm Treo. It has become expected. The Treo has lost product support - this is on Android - Docs2Go work GREAT!
This is a great product; however does not work with PDF files well. Pdfs created in the new program won't open on this app. Needs improving.
This app sucks when you are typing on word it will shutdown without notice. I will be asking for a refund.
They can send a man to the moon but they can't make a pdf reader for android with bookmarks, page flow, search the doc, contents & last page viewed!
Would get five stars if it had a spell checker....something that Android should gave anyway but still
Would get five stars if it had a spell checker....something that Android should gave anyway but still
pdf reader loads each page when you get to it. Fix that for a 5.
Nice app would like to be able to print with printshare. Please make it happen.
Brilliant!! Thank you could a search bar be added when finding files on SD card
Brilliant!! Thank you could a search bar be added when finding files on SD card
I would give it 5 stars on my Moto Droid but absolutely nowhere can i find out how to delete a file.It works great,I just can't delete anything
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
The app is nice an will be great for school. The only issue is that it doesn't like swype texting. Other then that it works awesome.please Fix that.
Could not get it to take the license key. Looped back to the market place. Downloaded the free version and then the full version and it took the key.
Very usefully program. Others would not open word attachments as clear and easy as this one. I checked all others. 1 more star if add word to PDF conv
Very usefully program. Others would not open word attachments as clear and easy as this one. I checked all others. 1 more star if add word to PDF conv
Does anyone know if u have to purchase this all over I'd u upgrade to the Motorola X?
Would like to see a toolbar with bold, italic, centre, keyboard tab options, also double-tap to highlight a word. Otherwise 5 stars.
Needs that bottom set of option such as the bold, italic and center options. Also needs TAB support for us writers out there for Word.
Works great and is very helpful to have my tech notes handy at all times.
The site that directs u to ur key is defective they don't offer phone tech support a better app available by another company WORKED ON MY EVO
Great but why do you need both parts to make it work properly? No one else seems to require this.
The best office app for Android by far. It copes well with all of my Mobil office needs
Great software for smart phones. Would be nice if it were fully compatible with Word 7 though. Am having issues trying to edit word 7 docs.
Spectacularly helpful for anyone on the go. I edit papers, projects, and spreadsheets for school all the time. Well worth the money. Moto Droid.
Have used on previous phones so was not expecting trouble. Was surprised to find I had to Google up instructions to get download to work. Am happy now
Good solid program, best doc viewer/editor on the mkt. Does not open pword protected docx files even when u buy the full vers. Pdfs better in adobe.
Very good would like to see pinch zooming applied and I noticed other version display graphics better. Very stable on moto droid.
Great app. Worka great on my evo. No longer have to get out the lap top to view these doc's well worth every penny.
Getting better with each update. Dataviz is truely a professional software company. Cant wait for pdf and ppt support.
You have to dl the free version 1st, then the "full". That's what just worked for me using my new Vibrant
Personally I would like to see a to do list with this application. After that its perfect.
My one and only desire from it is to be able to access my google documents.
My one and only desire from it is to be able to access my google documents.
Every time I try to open a Excel file,the following message appears; 'an internal error has occurred (2027)
Every time I try to open a Excel file,the following message appears; 'an internal error has occurred (2027)
Can't imagine not having it. Switched easily from my windows mobile platform to Android. Motodroid
Can't imagine not having it. Switched easily from my windows mobile platform to Android. Motodroid
When saving it gives error message stating not enough space or the use of special characters in file name. Please fix. My-touch
Do you need Java or sthg? Program crashes when I try to save a new doc - cites java error.
Can't open it moto droid...OK opened!! This is a great product.. I didn't want to install the tryout version first in oder to download the main. ..wel
Love the main app. Hate that the key has to stay in my app drawer as a separate app.
Love the main app. Hate that the key has to stay in my app drawer as a separate app.
I love it except for a few things, no printing support, and no 2-way sync, at least not yet. 7 or 8 stars when that happens!!
Does what it says it will do. Slow if you need to do alot of formatting.
Does what it says it will do. Slow if you need to do alot of formatting.
Excellent tool and great reliability. You can't beat it for MS Office compatibility.
Excellent tool and great reliability. You can't beat it for MS Office compatibility.
For anyone experiencing the "endless loop" of register download etc. Unfortunately you have to have free version AND the full version for it to work
How do you delete a Word Document after it's created. I am using the Droid.
Great functionality with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Buy for these. Do not buy for Adobe reader; it is limited and slow.
I wish it had the Delete feature as well as being able to create Folders that would be out standing, overall Great app. Kudos
En dless download loop site says not their fault, bull, no probs with 6 othe apps in stalled today
I would give it 5 stars if only i could unlock individual cells. Seems a waste to have sheet protection without a way to do that.
It is a good program to have and use, but i need to be able to take a picture of a document and save it as a .pdf document
Works well on my HTC Desire, but text editing is not quite right. Put keyboard in numeric mode and after first digit switches to alphabetic.
@Brian, try an app called ATTACH EMAIL. I believe that let's you attach docs that are in your droid.
Would give it a 5 but there is no way to attach a document from my Droid and email it.
Excellent app- very very useful. However, I am unable to delete files that are saved in Word or PDftogo that are no longer needed. PLEASE ADVISE!!
If you are having an issue down loading it from the key like I was make sure that you turn mobile browsing on in the internet options.
Will not download. I do not where to go from here. I have used documents to go in the past and like the software. I guess I'll justvkeep trying
Great app. Works well on my Evo and shows spreadsheets the default doc viewer could not. Wish the paid app replaced the free version. Space waster...
Works well on Mytouch...would be great if templates were available! Otherwise....great app!
Works well on Mytouch...would be great if templates were available! Otherwise....great app!
I love having the ability to create and edit documents on the go. I certainly don't regret this purchase!
It would be really cool if they could sync with google docs. Some sort of cloud capability..
Problems with screen rotation on HTC Desire, keyboard does not pop up, part of screen obscured. Still best in class for Android, but should be better.
Works well on my moto droid...only thing is i wish i could see how the actual format would look if i printed it out from a computer.
Don't expect much for a phone version. Happy with what I got but needs update ASAP for .typex documents.
Works well, but Droid Marketplace purchasers have special no-key activation. Call sales if problems activating!
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
WHAT A BARGAIN.. GOT IT FOR 5 BUCKS.. USED IT ONCE.. WORKED BETTER THAN WINDOWS..
Needs Google Docs sync in order to be a real killer app. Still, the best mobile office suite for Android, though.
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
This app is awesome! It came in handy so much during school. I don't know what I would do without it
Excel locks and crashes. PDF is unable to open pages other than first on large documents with embedded photos
Excellent app. Helpful with office documents on mobile. Wish there was a scroll button to get thru list of documents more efficiently.
Excellent app. Helpful with office documents on mobile. Wish there was a scroll button to get thru list of documents more efficiently.
Saved me so many times. Only wish there were't two icons in the app drawer.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Eris _ Spreadsheet formulas only show the formula, not the answer. When opening previously saved files, the cell sizes change back to default width.
Great app. Just one thing, would love to be able to hide one of the icons. I shouldn't have to have 2 icons on screen just because I have the paid ver
Can you please add pinch to zoom on the pdf reader? Fixed percentage zoom is too limited.
Need to have a feature to delete the documents. But it is the best app so far on the android market.
Need to have a feature to delete the documents. But it is the best app so far on the android market.
This is a good app I do a lot of business from my phone and this is the reason I bought the moto Droid because I was going for a windows phone
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Seems worth the money. Will give five stars if they remove the extra icon and provide pinch and zoom support.
Seems worth the money. Will give five stars if they remove the extra icon and provide pinch and zoom support.
Great app. Works well on my X10. Would be perfect if i could move between sheets with an excel workbook.
Love it, but please get rid of the second icon when you purchase the key. Two shortcuts to the same thing are useless.
Good app. Worth the discounted price they offer from time to time. Would be 5 stars if the PDF viewer kept your place or let you create bookmarks.
Very useful app... but wish it wasnt so darn big for my g1. Also wish there was a read-only version.
Great app but please add auto capitalization. and a few more upgrades in the view area for word and excell
Should say up front it doesn't work with android pop or imap program. I don't want all my mail to come through gmail for this to work...
I love this product, i had it on my Q and now for my droid. It is fast and easy to use
The 5$ sale was the best thing to happen to this app! 100% worth it!
Needs option to hide second icon quite badly as its quite annoying to look at.
Need to fix the two icons. Other than that, its great. And yes, thanks to our cinco de mayo we all got hooked up... brown pride!
Anyone else bothered by the fact that you get two separate icons in your app drawer? Irritating...
You need to download the free version of docs to go, then once it's downloaded you will see that the features have been unlocked
You need to download the free version of docs to go, then once it's downloaded you will see that the features have been unlocked
You need to download the free version of docs to go, then once it's downloaded you will see that the features have been unlocked
Agreed with all the other comments; please fix the two icons! OpenDocument support would add value as well.
Agreed with all the other comments; please fix the two icons! OpenDocument support would add value as well.
Agreed with all the other comments; please fix the two icons! OpenDocument support would add value as well.
Agreed with all the other comments; please fix the two icons! OpenDocument support would add value as well.
Great program. This version is easy to use. Works as well as the Palm and Blackberry versions I used before.
Love it! And formulas are supported... I use formulas all the time. It is just a subset though and would love to see more support
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
Is there a spell checker anywhere? It would be really helpful if there was. I would have given 5stars if I could find it!
Wish i didnt have to have two icons in my app drawer. The full version key icon does nothing other than open the same app. Please fix!!
It would be great if i could delete my file I created on my Droid
Great apparently specially when traveling. By far best all-around document view program. Carlos
I purchased the unlock key & I have to download the application & install it in order to use it everytime I start the application
I purchased the unlock key & I have to download the application & install it in order to use it everytime I start the application
Good, well polished app that should really come with all Heroes. Only complaint so far is that Excel, even the full version, doesn't have word wrap.
Good, well polished app that should really come with all Heroes. Only complaint so far is that Excel, even the full version, doesn't have word wrap.
I'm using the M Droid and trying to read a 42 page pdf and the program wants to load all pages into ram and can't. Don't use for large pdf's.
Love the program for the most part. Would give it five stars if you could print from program. Droid user
This is the smartest purchase I ever made! I get so much more work and studying done because of it! Definitely worth the money!
This is the smartest purchase I ever made! I get so much more work and studying done because of it! Definitely worth the money!
Would rate it five stars if the pinch to zoom feature worked like it does with my other apps since the 2.1 android update on Droid.
-1 for cost and -1 for slow pdf reader. +3 for great Word and Excel app!
Needs to be able to scan a document via the camera for a pdf file
Need help documents will not send from the e mail document tab under file. it will say sending but never send
Top notch app. A must have if you do alot of document editing & if can you afford it! I should drop a star for the price increase! Try it 1st befor
Only downside - when copy/pasting a block of text, footnotes don't copy, citations are lost. Aside, this app works great, does everything well! 4 1/2
Good but why is there no multi touch, pinch/zoom? also wish it had spell check.
I can't live without it! When my computer breaks I can always use this instead of panicking and finish my things that nneed to be typed!
I can't live without it! When my computer breaks I can always use this instead of panicking and finish my things that nneed to be typed!
does everything it says it does perfectly. Must have for students, def. worth ten bucks.
Need to be able to read/edit Rtf files also. Can not do that with this version.
MUST HAVE-worth the $9.99 to unlock the much needed features. I like freebies but I believe in paying a bit more for quality & convenience.
Its great but how about the smart text or watever capability that allows you to call phones numbers & go to website links (like quickoffice)
Cool app! I would love to see it be able to sync with my Google Apps-Google Docs account. Also wish the full version key could be hidden in Launcher.
Cool app! I would love to see it be able to sync with my Google Apps-Google Docs account. Also wish the full version key could be hidden in Launcher.
Awesome app. Takes a second to figure out but great when you do. Had docs to go on my centro now on my hero. Worth 9.99
I love it!! I can update work docs anywhere:) very handy for peeps always traveling:)
Interface could be a bit more accessible.. I'd personally sacrifice screen estate for a simple toolbar. Otherwise, excellent! Really comes in handy.
Interface could be a bit more accessible.. I'd personally sacrifice screen estate for a simple toolbar. Otherwise, excellent! Really comes in handy.
I like it alot. Not being very tech-y, I'd like a user- friendly Help button.
I would 5 star if this app didnt put two unnecessary icons in my tray. Becomes an eye sore
I would 5 star if this app didnt put two unnecessary icons in my tray. Becomes an eye sore
The only one to use for a g1 it is the best I seen and easiest to use
Very good. One problem is that spreadsheet will not display wordwrap cell correctly.
Really a great app. Deffinitely worth it with the sale! Would be 5 stars with a few more options in slides and spreadsheets.
Great on my Droid. Allows me to open ebooks that are downloaded and sent through email! GRET APP! Worth every penny!
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
Great software, especially for this price. Works very well. A little frustrating that you can't filter a column in Excel.
I have had it only one day and already cant do without it. Who needs a windows phone when you have this.
Would be nice if it could sync to Google Docs, but otherwise this is the best doc editor. Worth the price.
Awesome stuff but my work is too complex for this type of app currently  will look for it again when more updates and features available  good job dev
Its a great app, but its so annoying to need a second and permanent icon just to get the key.
$30 is a bit steep, but its a fully functional mobile version of MS Office, and office costs much more than $30.
$30 is a bit steep, but its a fully functional mobile version of MS Office, and office costs much more than $30.
Great app. Would be perfect if the Sheet To Go part would open .csv files.
Excellent resource for viewing most MS Office apps. Can't handle SmartArt feature in Office 2007 files,especially PowerPoint.
Short a star due to a(n artificial) limitation on Word: it should (attempt to) open any file I choose, especially TXTs and other text files.
Paid $50 for this app on a blackberry and only $15 for my droid. Works great on droid.. needs to sync with google docs.
Should have the key hidden instead of taking up space is app drawer. Otherwise great!
This apparently crashes gmail on the Droid when you attempt to email a doc from this program.
Needs integration with google docs like iPhone version. Also, I would LOVE bookmarks for my pdf files. That would make the pdf viewer a viable reader.
Needs integration with google docs like iPhone version. Also, I would LOVE bookmarks for my pdf files. That would make the pdf viewer a viable reader.
A must have app for business users. For some reason, app does not associate with the new file extensions (.docx, .xlsx) so U can't open as attachment
Easily worth $10 sale price. Downloaded viewed and attached very large files as advertised. Edit works, but not really usable on handheld screen
Pricey but well worth it. Was able to edit and send my timesheet in while on a road trip!
Pricey but well worth it. Was able to edit and send my timesheet in while on a road trip!
Over all works very well. Just had to change some of my formulas for them to be supported.
This program opens doc and pdf files that others did not. Works great on the Droid. I look forward to updates. Thank you!
How do i get a worddoc? i pick "choose file" in the program but only photos.etc on sdcard show up. When i open mygmail thers no download option
Great product. When it supports bi-directional synchronization I will upgrade to five stars.
Great product. When it supports bi-directional synchronization I will upgrade to five stars.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
Cannot open Office 2007 password protected files. Opens 2003 protected files fine.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
On Moto Droid. Mostly used it to read PDFs. Too bad it doesn't reopen at the last place read. Tough remembering page for goto. Wrap view nice.
Overall happy with the app but I've had some issues viewing pdfs with it that free apps don't seem to have issue with. Plus 2 icons is weird.
The best! I get an assignment, and I can start typing it right away! Plus, I can continue typing on my computer after and back!
Worth the money, great app anyone who uses execl reguarly needs this app. Some flaws.
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
Great app. I love it. But i need to be able to delete save files on it. If at all possible it would also be nice to be able to create PDF docs.
Great app. I love it. But i need to be able to delete save files on it. If at all possible it would also be nice to be able to create PDF docs.
Why must i have two icons for Docs to Go. I purchased the paid version of NewsRob which requires the free version, yet i see only one icon.
This is a good product so far. The only down fall is it does not support microsoft project. This would be very helpful since it has all the others.
It did not open a docx file and an excel spreadsheet came up blank. I could only see the xls from another app.
My PowerPoint's text get cut off at the bottom while they appear fine in the original document.
I was expecting the pdf reader to be average but exceeded My expectations. Great for college students
I like that i can create a document and attach it in an email. Totally worth the price on my first document.
Great App! Needs toolbar,spellcheck ,add pic function,read all PDF attachments, delete file option, & print options! Otherwise, AWESOME!! Great price!
Fast & easy. Although it seems that it doesn't show cell calculations in excel. Very strange!
Agree w/Darren- need excel rounding functions etc. Otherwise this app is a life saver and a bargain at 9.99! Will def vote 5 stars when rounding added
Agree w/Darren- need excel rounding functions etc. Otherwise this app is a life saver and a bargain at 9.99! Will def vote 5 stars when rounding added
Pretty good. It has limitations, but when you're editing docs on a phone that's how it goes. All in all an good bargain for $9.99. Force closed once.
Pretty good. It has limitations, but when you're editing docs on a phone that's how it goes. All in all an good bargain for $9.99. Force closed once.
Nice app. Would be better if it supported password protected files for Office 2007+.
Great! On Droid I've: 1. Created Doc on phone 2. Opened Doc from Mom, edited it, & resent by phone. 3.Ditto= spreadsheet & PDF minus from Mom part ;o)
Great! On Droid I've: 1. Created Doc on phone 2. Opened Doc from Mom, edited it, & resent by phone. 3.Ditto= spreadsheet & PDF minus from Mom part ;o)
Very helpful for me; I'm a grad student. Can edit grades on the run! Formatting in word is a problem, though.
The Word and excel functions work perfectly but pdf reader is junk and will not open alot of files.
Not bad. Really bummed there's no bar for quick text edits (bold, italic, etc) - my old Treo version had it.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
great app at a great price, well worth the price. please include support for password protected office 07 docs. thanks a bunch!!!
I can't find a quick way to sync files. So if backing up is a pain, I won't back up. Not good at all.
Great that you can create documents but should also have a way to delete them on the phone.
The power point viewer cuts off the bottom of slides but its rly easy to view the presentation outline so no biggie
Fix the display of the axis on the graphs. They're all screwed up. Some fonts, too. Equations in Word also messed up.
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
No spell check. Can't do things like borders or fills. Kinda limited on a lot considering the price.
Really, desperately need to be able to create charts/tables in excel... :( please add!
I constantly use my Droid for work. I prepare all my weekly salesplans on the go and this app is a lifesaver. 4 stars only because no print support.
Great app, would like to see a print option with wireless printers for work on the go.
NEEDS BETTER PDF viewinq, the ability to print, &spellcheck! but its a pretty good mobile Microsoft, great for colleqe students, always on the qo...
Great for any on the go student. Really helps when I'm stuck somewhere and have work due in the following weeks. Great App 5*s
Any chance printing could be added to this? Via wifi and bluetooth would be great!
Has all the cell editing options I need, and great appearance. Pricey but worth it. Wish I could have just bought spreadsheet at discount.
Similar to the old Palm PDA from years back. A collaboration of dataviz and printershare to add print capabilities for doc xls n pdf files would rock!
Similar to the old Palm PDA from years back. A collaboration of dataviz and printershare to add print capabilities for doc xls n pdf files would rock!
This is great. Worth the price. I would rate a 5 if there were an option to delete files (PDF).
Love it so far, even for minimal use. Havent try much with it yet so for now 4*s
Similar to what you get on a PC, but can't delete documents. Needs a delete file button.
Works great on my samsung moment but it does need away to delete or lock so anyone can look at ur doucments
Long-time user from Palm. Basic function should be on everything called a "smart" phone. Cut-and-paste not as natural as the stylus-based edits.
Long-time user from Palm. Basic function should be on everything called a "smart" phone. Cut-and-paste not as natural as the stylus-based edits.
Waited for this app to come and it finally did now im a happier user of the G1
Its alright, you can make a very bland and boring power point. Needs the features of layouts, font changes, and images on power point. More editing=5*
Love it EXCEPT you can't delete. I could delete files on my Tree with this program. Please fix this!!
Love it EXCEPT you can't delete. I could delete files on my Tree with this program. Please fix this!!
Love it EXCEPT you can't delete. I could delete files on my Tree with this program. Please fix this!!
Its definitely a great app, but too much money, especially for people who will use it once in a blue moon... like me. (Droid)
Nothing like the version I had on PALM. Impossible to select text for editing, etc. Needs a lot of development to get to the product I knew ..
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
Good, but a waYs to go to where it is in Palm land. Must have copy/paste built in...no excuses.
I hate that I need the free version for this app to work (-4 stars). Absolutely unacceptable for a $20 app. DO NOT BUY
Works great, needs a little better interface for managing saved files, otherwise great, worth the money.
Would like to be able to print and a save as option to convert docs to pdf format
Why are pdf viewer graphics blurred pixelated even on large zoom? Beamreader does pdf with graphics readable and aliased at any zoom level.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
This app is great it does everything I need it to do, great if you work on the go!
Great App! I would love to see a small toolbar for quick edits like italics, bold and such. Otherwise it's perfect!
Any1 reading this.... its worth the $. And im super cheap. Only complaints are reloads file on orientation change & no bookmarking. Still 9/10.
I have solved my problem. This app is FANTASTIC if only i could change the font type...
Works & compatible. Needs the ability to turn off full recalculation after every entry & manually force recalculations. Too much waiting for recalc.
Works & compatible. Needs the ability to turn off full recalculation after every entry & manually force recalculations. Too much waiting for recalc.
Works & compatible. Needs the ability to turn off full recalculation after every entry & manually force recalculations. Too much waiting for recalc.
Works great, view, edit, save, and email office documents. Connect to computer, find documents folder to remove files. Very easy.
Inability to edit excel sheets that reference other sheets within a workbook is unacceptable. Great otherwise, but uninstalled and got refund.
Essential to get the most from your phone. Issues with pdf attachments, otherwise great.
Essential to get the most from your phone. Issues with pdf attachments, otherwise great.
It's a very useful program, but I would really like to see spell check added. I can't stand misspellings. Also, text aligntment would be nice.
Did not work on my I-Touch. Purchased the full version and it would not open word or pdf files.
Did not work on my I-Touch. Purchased the full version and it would not open word or pdf files.
Would be 5 stars if it didn't keep force closing and losing my data in the process
This app is pretty good. I like the word app a bit more. The excel app lacks functionality.
It crashes sense on my hero when I try to use the live folder and its kind of annoying that it take up two spots in my program list. Overall, good app
I am having problems with some PDF files that are otherwise readable on my PC. One just says there was an error and others have blank pages w red X's
Love it! Wish it showed the page num and had a goto page feature. Also super annoying bug on my Moto-Droid; flipping screen snaps to 1st page.
Needs to retain actual filenames of attachments and not the current "attachment.xxx" for every file you want to save from inbox. Get rid of key icon.
Wish it supported csv files, or full screen would be nice. Otherwise a nice application. Live folder fc on my Moment.
Why are there two icons after upgrading? I like your product and all but don't need two icons. Please fix!
.docx and xlsx support = 5 stars. Great app on my iPod Touch and great app on my Droid. A must have.
Can someone please tell me how to set a password to it on my droid? Thats the only issue i have i love the app tho.
***Would be nice to have a formatting toolbar in the Word editor. Also, it's too cumbersome to go long hold for otherwise simple actions. Fix :)
***Would be nice to have a formatting toolbar in the Word editor. Also, it's too cumbersome to go long hold for otherwise simple actions. Fix :)
***Would be nice to have a formatting toolbar in the Word editor. Also, it's too cumbersome to go long hold for otherwise simple actions. Fix :)
Great app and great customer service! Works on my Aspire One with Android os too.
Excellent product. Used years ago on my old Palm. Glad to have it back. Thanks for te sale.
Great application, just wish there was an option to change fonts size, format,color.
Great app. Merge the main app and purchase key app into one, plus add spell check and you'll have a 5 star app on your hands.
Great app! Worth every penny. Great formatting. Add multitouch zoom for five stars.
Why cant i change fonts on my droid? And is there no spell check? Lame! I need spell check! But not a bad app!
I have two Icons for it one saying its the key and one saying its the normal version but they both lead to the same thing, what am I doing wrong ?
It works just fine it rocks modify create and the able to email it out figured out formulas love it for my job who needs laptop with this app
It works just fine it rocks modify create and the able to email it out figured out formulas love it for my job who needs laptop with this app
Worth the price. 5 stars if it would let me bookmark or highlight PDFs on the phone.
Great app works perfect for droid. Supports 2007 office but it does not support 2007 password protected files have to save as 2003 office password fil
Great app works perfect for droid. Supports 2007 office but it does not support 2007 password protected files have to save as 2003 office password fil
Works great only 2 drawbacks no spellcheck which coud be included if they made it work together with the sd card mini and only supports office 2003
Great app, just what I'd expect from DTGo. This app adds the needed ability to open office files on android. Now it just needs multitouch support.
The very first document I tried to open was unsupported. A RTF file is a pretty common Microsoft Word format.
Wish there was a way to save the spot where you are reading the pdf. Hate having to remember the page number.
Maybe it's Android 2.0 but the Excel component rearranged everything. Annoying. Will buy if updated/fixed. UPDATED. THANKS!!! WORKS GREAT!
Outstanding app. Have used doc2go on other phones as well. IMHO, it is worth every penny.
Seems to do all that is suppose to, however I can't figure out how to delete a saved file.
Love this app so far on my hero. I have not been able to put pictures in the power points. If so then 5 stars.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Does not work if you are using an exchange server. And forwarding to gmail account does not work either. The search engine for "help" was a joke.
Wow this app is so nice on moto droid's screen. Love the app and is a must have to open and edit office documents.
It was great until I tried to use features that I'm sure I purchased and it told me that I didn't. Not good....
Exel component is a disaster on android. Cells rearrange themselves randomly. I am a DTG fan on Palm and very dissapointed with this version.
Ok but needs to go further. Such as insert pictures and start new pdf/powerpoint. +too expensive even on sale
I use this all the time! Love the productivity this adds to my G1! Looking forward to what's next.
Great program, make it easy to work on the fly. Only drawback is the overall size
This is AMAZING! I can do hundred of documents everywhere I go, just I don't put 5 stars because there is not way to put pictures on the files or doc
Kim: You can delete files through a file manager program. I highly recommend Asto File Manager, it is by bar the best file manager program available!
Very good and professional application. Used it in palm. Kept their promise of updates for pdf
Wish it was as good as the palm version. No categories or a way to make new folders in the app is a big drawback. Still, its the only thing out there.
Best office solution for Android. However, it still has a lot of bugs. For example Powerpoint slides are always missing the botom 10%.
I love this app. Its like MS Office on my G1. I would have paid twice as much. Thanks.
Buggy as hell. Word to go keeps corrupting files and force closing. I can't see what I'm typing into word to go when using landscape mode to type.
Price is a little steep but the best app out there! Maybe add Outlook integration for people who don't use MS Exchange?
Its great but it need a easy side type function for g2 and it could be faster in pdf viewing and the price is ridiculous but other than that a good ap
Good for viewing attachments but can't get it to save them, crashes on save option
Good for viewing attachments but can't get it to save them, crashes on save option
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Thanks for making it smaller! Valuable app, but let me remove pieces i dont use, to save precious space.
Great program! I need to reset my phone, but dont want to lose this program.
Great program! I need to reset my phone, but dont want to lose this program.
Pretty good all round though pdf reader could work better by rendering more than one page at a time
Excellent App! Needs a few features, (RTF, TXT...) HOWEVER the PDF support is great and makes it well worth the price. Reduced space will be a bonus!
Expensive, why is app $4.99 on Iphone and $20 for Android? 4 stars, good program.
Needs a little more work but for the most part its awsome! Does everything it says just needs spell check/fonts/colors for doc. Other than that 5 *s
The most recent update has greatly improved the app. I now think the app is a reasonable attempt at an office suite for android.
Nice, and it's early in its lifecycle. Keep the updates and improvements coming, and remember - app speed is king!
A great start. Word doesn't support even simple things like checkboxes yet. Needs PPT and PDF viewing ability as well.
It is about time that they made a program like this because I had an instance where I had to edit a document but had to wait until I got to a computer
LOVE the update! Finally worth the money! To all you DB's who say it's too large, quite complaining and get root!
LOVE the update! Finally worth the money! To all you DB's who say it's too large, quite complaining and get root!
Now this makes this device perfect for the officce use. This is a great program
Update unlocked long overdue features for the G1, but 9MB  whoa baby this app is large ...
Could always use more/better features (charts, pivot tables), but very useful as is.
I've only used the spreadsheet so far and it needs A LOT more functionality. Definitely not worth $20 unless it gets more functionality.
Loads and edits xls sheet very well but it has no print function.  Problem sending to emai.
I would like to be able to see the edges of the paper in WORD. Also i need to be able to scroll without highliting words. Spellcheck needed too.
Works great for viewing doc and xls attachments, editing on the fly. Use repligo if you want a great pdf reader.
Tip for buyers: Never buy because of promised updates. Buy because of what you see now!
The promise to release this update and not living up to it is dropping the rating for a good app.
Dev if u dont come out w your promised pdf/ppt your scores will only get worse. Dont let that happen. At least give a timeframe.
Dev if u dont come out w your promised pdf/ppt your scores will only get worse. Dont let that happen. At least give a timeframe.
Changed to 2* bought it on iphone too, where is the long promised pot and pdf update???
Changed to 2* bought it on iphone too, where is the long promised pot and pdf update???
Unable to open office 2007 xlsx. As mentiioned kind cluncky scroll compared to the rest of the phone. Otherwise nice.
5 stars, works like a charm, nice interface too! Don't listen to the 1 stars...
Great program works wonderfully.  Needs to register word and excel files with my browser so i can download them, then it will be 5 stars!
Wasnt able to open doc on the computer after being modified by the phone, a fast way to scroll to the bottom would also be nice. Very good!
Wasnt able to open doc on the computer after being modified by the phone, a fast way to scroll to the bottom would also be nice. Very good!
I hoped it would open attachments, but it didn't open any I had recieved. Wasn't using gmail. Woops
This is a great bit of softwhere but exel can be a little trickey for complexed charts but over all great
I like it! Saved me one time I had an essay due and needed to stay mobile. Worked on my phone, then my laptop till it was done!
Well worth the price.  Exactly what I've been waiting for to complete this phone.  Writing is seemless and easily exported via email.  Great job!
Well worth the price.  Exactly what I've been waiting for to complete this phone.  Writing is seemless and easily exported via email.  Great job!
Good, but a few formatting mismatches. Also need .ppt and .pdf support (hopefully coming)
Will be even better when you can read powerpoint files or even pdfs (is that a hope too far?!)
Will be even better when you can read powerpoint files or even pdfs (is that a hope too far?!)
4/5 For now due to no PDF support & can't open simple txt files either.  Other than that - Great App!!!
This app its fenomenal, 4 stars cuz its missing power point and pdf files but otherwise its excelent
I seriously love this app. I just wish the battery life would last long so i can do my work for a longer period of time. Why does this cost alot man?
Not fancy, but exactly what I need. So much better than Quickoffice. Updates/upgrades would be great; even moreso if they were free. Worth the $, too.
Not fancy, but exactly what I need. So much better than Quickoffice. Updates/upgrades would be great; even moreso if they were free. Worth the $, too.
DEFINITELY A GREAT PROGRAM TO HAVE FOR YOUR PHONE. SO MANY COMPLAINTS BUT PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND THAT IT'S THE FIRST VERSION. THANX TO THE DEVS!!!
Good to see real apps on the Market.  Hoping for a version as good as the Palm one i used to use.  And maybe an external keyboard...
Pretty good app, missing a few key elements but still worth the buy. Cant open attachments from other email accts, but just forward to gmail. Upgrade!
I recommend it! I tried Word & I like it. It's limited because it's on a phone & not on a PC. They should have a seperate program 4 Word though.
So far i like it. It works better than the one in my old smartphone
Works great it only nees pps and does anyone know hoe to use the copy & paste feature?
OMG thank you for making this now i can do my homework in the car!!!!! XOXO
Seems to be doing what it says it does. 
Support .pdf attachments in your very next update and your golden!!
Slick. Long time Palm user, this works quite well. Good price, this used to cost $80 back in the day.
Only a little clumsy. This is what i have been waiting for! Bought it as soon as i saw it.
Does not work with some .doc files - complains that it is a .rtf file when it isn't. Reads gmail but not email attachments.
This thing doesnt view and open attachments which is the whole reason why I bought it. If they add that I'll re-purchase it for sure. (Refunded)
This thing doesnt view and open attachments which is the whole reason why I bought it. If they add that I'll re-purchase it for sure. (Refunded)
At last !  A REAL application, really well done.  Loved it on the Palm OS, and looks great here too.  REAL applications cost more than a latte !
I've been using Docs To Go on various platforms for years. Bought it on Android straight away as well.
No access to files on external SD card.
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome
I am in awe of this app.  I can actually create,  edit and send docs from Docs To Go.  Almost like using Word on a pc. Thanks much for the ingenuity.
Just what I needed for work. Easy to use and perfect for a busy lifestyle
I write on the go and this is best app for that. Now if only it had a spell check...
i tried almost all and this one is the only who could open my big excel file without a ram crush . Galaxy note
Google docs times out. Wont save to dropbox. Useless!
Works fantastically - the only thing that would improve it would be a word search facility. I use this for work all the time and it rocks - even if I had to start off by converting my word files to a version it can cope with.
Excellent
Connection to Google Drive is worth the full version price.
Of all my devices iphone, blackberry, and android this app has always worked well.
Love the interface to both google docs and sd card
Had it for Blackberry torch & loved it. As soon as i was able to I had to put it on my galaxy note.
best app money could buy
Lacking many features, particularly offering cloud based storage. No Dropbox integration? Come on. Outdated UI.
I LOVE it!!!!!
This is coming from someone who's using an Asus Transformer Infinity.  This app does the best job of reading and editing footnotes on documents that already have footnotes made on them, but is unable to format them in and of itself. Once it is able to make footnotes I'll give this app a full 5 stars.. otherwise it's not of much use to me...
Most compatible office app for android
The best product ever
Print over wifi?
Well worth buying. I have this on my tablet as well.
This is the best app for office
This is the best app for office
Easy and wonderful to have on your phone
It all of a sudden quit opening documents, I could not get this corrected. Anyone no how to fix this issue?
Couldn't beat the price. Works flawlessly
Bought $15 version for my Samsung galaxy tab and never could get it to fully perform its functions...very frustrating. Try Quick Office pro it works in full functionality. Docs to Go works well on Ipad, but not on droid os
Brilliant App, initially got the free one, but then realised what i could view with so immediately bought it.  A Must if you have documents on your phone and need to get to read them fast!
i was a fool to try some thing different. this is the best.
I haved used Doc To Go before android phones and tablets were here i used it on Palm tx was the best then and in my opinion will always be
Well worth the cost.
I have used this program for 10 years with great success.
Does what i need it to do
Still the best office app. Google integration good.
very good application
This is an awesome program! Definitely worth the money
Are you going to fix the long press menu, after the HTC update it quit working. I can no longer deleat multiple cells.
Sure, there are probably better apparently outther that do the same thing but this one integrated the best for me. I work for the greatest government in the world, USA. I use all this apparently features back and forth with my desktop and have become quite productive since.
The powerpoint and excel,,.. spreadsheet., is very good... useful...   Worth price
Reliable! Straight forward!
How about extend the app to support open document formats? Such as .odt and the rest of the formats from the same group? Thanks
This app is aweseome, especially when I can pull up a document from my office desk top on my cell 5,000 miles away.
Works well on Galaxy Tab P1000. Worth the money to upgrade. You need the free main app installed for it to work, just FYI.
I use this on my ASUS Transformer Prime.  I mostly use it for college,opening and light editing when I'm on campus and don't have my desktop.  I use the hackers keyboard with it. = win.
I use this on my ASUS Transformer Prime.  I mostly use it for college,opening and light editing when I'm on campus and don't have my desktop.  I use the hackers keyboard with it. = win.
Work at home and does exactly what I need. No issues.
And excellent product.
This app is indescribably user-friendly. A very versatile program/app for anyone who is "on-the-go"! If you DON'T have both the FREE VERSION *&* the PURCHASED KEY VERSION on your phone, you WILL NOT find any difference b/t the two apps (as clearly stated by the developer). Those of you who post negative reviews on the app, due to your own negligence & ignorance to understand the program, as intended by the developer  -- shame on you. (This is not intended to be a replacement for a PC version of MS Office.)
cool app...much needed
Easy to use. Love it!
Love it. Use it daily to jot down song ideas & important information.
Problems with the S-pen went away with the upgrade to lce Cream sandwich. Now is the best editor out there again.
Problems with the S-pen went away with the upgrade to lce Cream sandwich. Now is the best editor out there again.
Still the best office app for the galaxy
Nice
This app is ok, but has major flaws. Documents randomly turn to read only, crash, and other apps can't read them due to errors.  DO NOT USE THIS APP FOR IMPORTANT DOCUMENTS, AS IT RANDOMLY CORRUPTS FILES. Customer service from this developer doesn't even exist. If you email them with as problem, they don't even respond.
Happy with the full version. Can go in and edit excell files with ease. There will always be people upset with the limitations of these apps. These limitations are generally caused by the limitations of phones/tablets.
Happy with the full version. Can go in and edit excell files with ease. There will always be people upset with the limitations of these apps. These limitations are generally caused by the limitations of phones/tablets.
good
It totally. Make my job so easy
Well worth the $$$! Unlocks many features.
Very good app. James
Very good app. James
Always using it
Just to be clear, version 4 of Docs To Go on the iPad handles tables just fine. Version 3 for Android does not work with Excel tables. Found out the hard way after having had purchased the full version key.
Once you get a handle on using it this is a fantastic app. I love the fact that I can edit all my documents on the go. I no longer need to drag my laptop all over. Great App
Awesome app i can work on the go and works everytime
Very useful
Thank you. Love, love, docs to go full version. It's everything I need in a phone.
Park Rangers need Apps that allow your PDA or Smart Phone to be still be useful when mobile phone data coverage drops out.  This is one such App.  Just upload your documents to Google Docs, save to your local folder on your PDA/Smart Phone and you are away. Record field data and send back to Google Docs when you have mobile phone coverage again.  Nice and simple, and reliable.
Good
Works exactly as described. Never had any problems.
needed to open password protected docs, worked beautifully!
Good.
Good.
Documents to go is a great app but this unlock key makes it even better. The added Google Docs integration makes it better than the official Google Docs app, Desktop sync means that I can keep my important Microsoft Office docs with me, box cloud integration would be the icing on the cake though.
Works great and the price is reasonable. Others I see this price and compare it to the smaller programs like the flash games and such. Your program was built for a more productive purpase. Thanks.
I use it mainly for viewing and making minor edits. More intensive editing/production requires the real thing.
Excellent app, do all I need it to do.
Works excellent on my Acer Iconia a501. Great job guys!
aplikasi ini sangat membantu tugas2 kantor!
Good
Does everything I need it to do! Only $5...awesomeness!
Great office app
Just keeps getting better. Love it
Worth the money
I love it
Grab this deal now. Cheapest, most used, highest rated Android office suite.
Grab this deal now. Cheapest, most used, highest rated Android office suite.
very usefull, love it
Of course I get it when it is $15 saying it is going back to $30 now it's $10.  SMH
Fulfill my needs. Sync well with google doc. A bargain at $5.
Best mobile office application available.
unbelievable offer.. should grab
I was looking forward to buy it but the price was too high.
Spring sale :-)
This app. is great I use it for my school work when I'm on the go and I'm not near a computer, it really comes in handy.
Nice
Sipppp
I use it for small excel sheets and with the impeoved functionf for tabs its quite usefull
Super nice and very handy!!!
Not having a bar with "font" or "underline" or basic formatting options is a drawback for a tablet. Having to go through 3 menus on a huge screen is really annoying, but it's perfect for phones!
Not Microsoft but gets the job done. However if u r trying use this app to create a PowerPoint do not download, it has very limited functionality.
Great for personal and business.
But would like to have a variety of fonts to choose from.
It does what I says. Using no my eee pc. Works like a charm. No problems with word docs, google docs(love this function), excel files etc...
Excellent
Does exactly what I need.
nice application
Works well. HTC Rezound
I have tried Polaris and Kings Office and Documents to Go is still the best. User friendly, never a sync problem, exactly the program I need.
Does everything! Flawlessly!
One of the easier to use office processing apps, reliable & comprehensive features & improved interface, enough for my needs!
Couldn't ask for more.
You need to add more fonts to this, there's only 15 here and in the computer Microsoft it contains hundreds and even thousands of different fonts, and you can't do much either, you're better off using a labtop instead.
Love it
I use it for school and I love it!
Excellent.  Does what it should.
I use a lot of spreadsheets and pdf docs, they help to keep me organized both in my business and personal life, after getting my first Android phone i tried several apps but found most were underdeveloped and flakey or just didn't have full functionality like editing formulas in spreadsheets. I tried this app and found its functionality and features does everything i was looking for and more. Its a stable well programmed app. I don't know how good support is, I've never needed it. I highly recommend this ap
Works well, I almost don't need the computer version on my desktop.
Much better than the pre-installed Polaris, and great sync options with Google Docs.
Use it for everything
I use it every day
Excel editing is very weak. Other than that a useless app. Not worth the money. There are free apps that as much as this paid app.
Like it
Best docuument app out there
Works with tons of documents.
definitely gets the job done well but I would really love to see more keyboard shortcuts to expand the capability and efficiency. Specifically, I would love to have more keyboard shortcuts for note taking. bold, underline, and italics are already available (and appreciated) but superscripts and subscripts for chemistry notes are not, neither is save (which is available with a longpress)   Really love the app but would definitely appreciate even more
No PNGs in PowerPoint now no chart display in excel...waste of money
Awesome for work.
Need to be able to send to printer via home network or wifi without going through a computer.
Very worthwhile application
Fantastic! This app hasn't failed me yet!
Very helpful saves a lot of paper.
Works really well!
No need for icon in app tray, greedy move!
Definitely worth the money, every smartphone needs an office suite
Definitely worth the money, every smartphone needs an office suite
Excellent program. Always opens on my phone and tablet.  Never fails to open word or Excel documents and PDF documents open just as easy.
The moment it worked for password protected files, i was very impressed.
Its an awsome app but I reccomend updating word and put a header and footer feature. also can you update power point to be able to change font and colour and add a picture. Thankkss
the best
Loved this app on Palm... Love this app on Android. Using and syncing it with Google Docs automaticaly. No stress with download and upload... Very good invest even for private use. Worth every penny...
Pdf and excel work well. Word document though sucks some balls. Go ahead. Try and write a document. Need to zoom the page up to 75% of normal, maybe 100%? Nope. Need to backspace for spelling corrections? NOPE. Need to change anything about word document while you work on it? Tough luck. Ohh...did I mention it crashes, freezes and force closes?  Fix this issue with Word Document then you'll have a good product. And the refund only in the first fifteen minutes of purchase? Really???  Shame on you.
It's like having office on the tablet. Interacts with Google docs so just store stuff on the cloud. Brilliant app.
Make my life easier.
Have been using this app for years on palm e2 blackberry storm and now thunderbolt great app on all platforms.
Saya membeli Document to go, sudah bayar, tapi prosedurenya berbelit belit. Lama dan memusingkan. Buntutnya Document to go nya tidak bisa berfungsi. Saya merasa tertipu dengan uang sebesar itu. Sebaiknya menggunakan sistem nomor aktivasi seperti diterapkan di Sygic, praktis. Hingga detik ini document to go yang saya beli itu belum "jalan"
Truly......exceptional.
Great app! Very easy to save files from comp w/ data cable, or download via internet.  Makes viewing .pdf files quick and easy.
Best documents progrsm
I use this app on my Droid and Xoom and have never had a problem. I love it! Wish list: email app.
This product is everything you can ask for. Edit, save, sync, compose. Does everything. 
There customer service is worth the one time fee by its self.
No docx file support?????   What is going on here.  Update or i will have to seek a refund and find something that actually works.
Great app!
Great app!
Great app!
I've tried a few of it's competitors, but this is the best Office suite for Android that I've used.
Fantastic application!! Love it!!!!
Awesome
It's Amazing... Buy it and you won't be sorry.
Nice app
Just reiterating what was said before.  This is just the key, not the full program.  I use it to open password protected files.  Very handy.
The full version is just a key. You have to install the main free version for the key to work. I hope this helps.
A*+..a must have for edit & mobility... Sync with  (windows) desktop... Add google docs... Break down and get a bigger as card... You cheap &$@#&$..... It's worth every dime... Evo, epic & galaxy
To those of you having probs opening it you must download BOTH versions of the app. Thank you developers for helping make me more productive!!!
Does what it says.
Does what it says.
Excellent product highly recommend
Works great, able to cut and paste inside of excel worksheets
Cant get the app to download. The website doesnt seem to help. I get the run around. No troubleshooting
Just like the PC version of MS Office.
Great product...
Well worth the money
This product is amazing pretty much makes it so I have my laptop in my pocket!
Expensive but good
Perfect suite
Allows me to do office documents remotely.
Tried the free version and just bought this one. Works great on my Samsung Galaxy 2 and also on my Samsung Tablet!!
Best office app out great job
Best office app out great job
Will not not download error when download starts
This is the best Doc app I have found, i used it on the iPhone and now on an Atrix2. Use it everyday several times a day viewing and for basic edits of Doc's. Also use it for time sheets and field reports. I have tried several others the past two years and nothing compares to it's ease of use.
This is the best Doc app I have found, i used it on the iPhone and now on an Atrix2. Use it everyday several times a day viewing and for basic edits of Doc's. Also use it for time sheets and field reports. I have tried several others the past two years and nothing compares to it's ease of use.
It come in handy. I have the  sprint LG  optimus it doesn't freeze my phone or slow it down, its pretty cool to me
Great!!!
I bought the full key so that I can do some work on the go, but every time I try to download the main (free) app it Force Closes and won't load.  Not sure that it is worth the $15 since I can't even use it.  Please fix...
I dropped down one star because no barcode reader i still have to enter number by hand
This will open any document great software.
I LOVE IT! It is a major convenience when you are not at your computer. In addition, it give you the luxury to email it out! Gotta love it!
Worth the money!
It works on Sony ARC well
I can create documents with the  correct spelling, grammar and clarity for posting on web sites and other app's before posting. Great app, Thank you.
Multiple tabs in spreadsheets!
Cool
Opens multiple files. Works way better than Google app when using Google Docs. I'm surprised at how well it loaded several of my work files.
Awesome App!
Does everything I need.  I love that it syncs with my Google Docs.
A must have for any college students out there. Especially if you do a lot of online work involving word and PowerPoint. Good for last second homework
Great... excellent.... love it!!!
Find and replace are there! Just look under view.
Work on ms office files on your Android device.
Works
Well worth it & better than any others that I have tried. Works on HTC SENSATION 4G
Switched from old droid to a new droid and simply logged in with old user name and the app unlocked itself on my new phone :) very nice!
Just what I needed.. Thanks!  Keep up the great work!
This app helped me complete my papers and presentations for class after my laptop stop working. Save your documents on your tablets, you never know when apps like these will save you from failling a class.
Great app!
Great app for on the go.
Awesome!
Appps,  if ihave 5 thumbs, i ll give 'em
Works great for on the go I spend a lot of time in a vehicle annd I can take notes or draft a letter on thhe spot.
I have not had any issues with this app. Syncs and edits my Gdocs witb no fuss. A wonderful app. It just needs to be more accessible for the blind.
Simply the best document editor on android market hands down!
On file after file after file.
Nicest UI.
This app was definetly worth the money. Use it all the time and it really helps with work and other matters. Haven't had any problems with it.
Latest update gives control of arrows to go back and forth w/n text. Perfect! HTC EVO
Pinch to zoom, and worksheet tab! Thanks dev!
Terrific suite of programs that seen to ne compatible with everything and work without fuss.
Love it..
Works without flaw every time!
This is probably the most functional office app on here, I've tried them all... has issues displaying images, but for editing this is tops
Application runs well. Accessing keyboard is cumbersome.. should just pop up like texting..
I've been using this app for years and just installed on my Droid Bionic.  Never have had any problems with any files.
So excited! Only had 1 day but its like i discovered fire. Easy use. Will see about syncing capabilities but worth it even if its not easy to sync
I use this app for meetings everyday...good by pen n papers :)
Great app just need to make so I can convert excel files to pdf format
I use it all the time.
I really like this program it does a lot for me specially on the go.
Excellent app, one of the best I've purchased so far. If I were to add anything, I would only suggest adding the file, edit, formatting menus to the top of the screen. Having to use the menu button every time is cumbersome from a tablet pc.	Other than that, Great Job DataViz.  MOTOXoom
Great app. I have been very pleased with this program and have not had any problems with it.
Wonderful
This is the most user-friendly and functional office-like application that I have used on the android.
I've used several 'office' type products.  This is the best and certainly the easiest to use.  I only wish it would open and edit RTF documents.
Support responded initially, but has offered no solution or even the prospect for one. It is unfit for the purpose for which I bought it.
This app is truely extraordinary. It gives you almost full access to your office applications. I love it!
Paid for and downloaded to replace Polaris Office on myGalaxy Tab 10.1 mainly for google docs integration. Very disappointed, the interface is so clumsy, should have stuck with Polaris. Pity you only have 15 minutes to get a refund. Quick Office seems much better if you are looking for google docs integration.
Good app in general, mainly used for viewing rather than editing.  Purchased.
Fantastic App. I couldn't do without it!
I really like this .
I'm a nursing major so this is great for looking at all the slides for my class along with the notes attached a at the bottom of the PowerPoint. Also it work great for me for papers, I was nervous to buy this app because of Quick office but this is the best office suite foe me personally
Really easy to use.
Usable on my phone, sony tablet, laptop, anywhere and everywhere.  I highly recommend this to anyone who needs to view/edit office documents!
Frustrating seeing two icons in my application drawer. I know its small.
I have an Acer Iconia A500 with Android Honeycomb and this is the best office app for tablets.
Super
Had this app since the g1 days still love on my g2x.
Couldn't do without this app.
Couldn't do without this app.
It wouldn't allow me to download the app after I bought it.
Great now. I use this with my Google Apps account.
Lots to like about Android & its vast "Market". What's missing is a decent Office suite. I guess DTG is best, but doesn't compare w Microsoft's apps.
Best Office based app. Worth every penny. Great work. Bionic.
I love it!!!!
never get any problem with this. .
I purchased the full license. The desktop will not sync with tablet or phone. no reply for support from the developer. The app hasn't evolved in ages. Other options on the market are far better designed.
Can edit, save, create, etc. Anything u can do with regular Microsoft documents.	Excel tabs is under "view". Let's u edit ur Google docs 2. I would recommend for anyone who has to do actual work on their phone
I need someone to make a fix, so press and hold pops up the keyboard like it used to.
Use it and like it
I've used this with my Palm T/X and it provided me with all the basics and then some, in creating and opening all my files. Excellent suite for price.
Perfect with the swype keyboard for documents for school... Done on the bus or train, perfect for anywhere...
Perfect with the swype keyboard for documents for school... Done on the bus or train, perfect for anywhere...
Has always done the job;-)
This is a 5 star app, would like to see a print option.
The best on the market.
The best on the market.
It works great but please simplify UI the old look was extremely attractive EVO
When upgrading follow directions closely
Works great for viewing work files for traveling.
It's a god send for on the go budgeting and quick notes if you have a good thought and wanna save it then and there!
Does pretty much everything I need, in a pinch, in terms of creating and editing documents on the go.
I have been using there software for the last 10 years works awesome
If you need to access documents on the road this its the app for it.
If you need to access documents on the road this its the app for it.
I bought this and Quickoffice too. This one can open a lot more files correctly. And more functions. 5 stars!
OK for basic office tasks.
I can do my homework papers on there whether it be PowerPoint excel or word!!
i bought a tablet to replace a laptop, and one major feature i would love is keyboard commands either by using control or command buttons, for i have a physical keyboard to go with my tablet. also, a nice toolbar would be a great addition, fantastic app guys!
It's okay, but breaks gdocs formatting and deletes ask your charts when saving changes.
Just recently haveing trouble conecting to my pc. Says its not conected. Already updated, but problem still there
Love it, I almost forgot how to use a pc can do everything from my HTC!
Needs a spell check, other than that pretty cool :)
Needs to mimic a more recent version of powerpoint. I would really like to be able to take notes under the slide.
It does all you claim and is all I need!
Haven't found anything else that does a better job with MS Office or PDF documents. Very satisfied.
Haven't found anything else that does a better job with MS Office or PDF documents. Very satisfied.
Love it!!!
A great app simple and intuitive. Packed with features so excellent value for money. Unlike similar apps this one works. Recommend buying the upgrade.
They keep updating and expanding a great product. I've tried two other office products and this is the best one.
Great app does what it says, it keeps embedded formulas intact other lessor programs do not.
I was charge twice for this product. I was trying to redownload. And I was charged again
Excellent business program
I love this app. Its great for keeping important info in such a convient place
I have been using this since Palms/Treo. Only things missing: 1. Save as PDF; 2. Wi-Fi printing. Still a 5-star app!
Excellent
Needs to be able to track changes on the documents edited through this application!
Desk top sych and access to my Google Docs. My Samsung Charge is now complete.
Desk top sych and access to my Google Docs. My Samsung Charge is now complete.
Just paid and it doesnt display powerpoint 2007 file (broken figures and no text). Word docs and pdf ok.
Just paid and it doesnt display powerpoint 2007 file (broken figures and no text). Word docs and pdf ok.
Program works great! Virtually all of my spreadsheets for work include the ceiling or floor function which the app doesn't support forcing all my spreadsheets to be read only. Please advise when/if Dataviz intends on supporting this function.
A must have for reading documents on the go; especially for professionals!
A must have for reading documents on the go; especially for professionals!
Must download BOTH (free and full) to work properly. Wasn't mentioned, but now works perfectly. Best on market.
I LOVE this app! So far it's THE BEST I've used (I tried many a year ago).
Best app on market for Microsoft documents.
Best app on market for Microsoft documents.
Completely Awesome and perfect for what I need it for since I don't have Word on my desktop. Quick and Efficient!
While a full dot release ahead of the BlackBerry staple, Docs to go on Android and iOS feels unpolished in many ways. Not enough room to elaborate.
While a full dot release ahead of the BlackBerry staple, Docs to go on Android and iOS feels unpolished in many ways. Not enough room to elaborate.
I purchased this program and lost it when I got a new phone. Would really like to have it again. George O.Pickell
Would be nice if the program actually worked on the Motorola Droid. Always locks up. Force close
Would be nice if the program actually worked on the Motorola Droid. Always locks up. Force close
I was shocked how much this app can do that Excel on Win Phone Mango can not, like inserting rows. Great app!
Had this on my Palm and now on my Epic 4G. Works great, and I can E-Mail documents back and forth to work on them through a computer or phone!
Had this on my Palm and now on my Epic 4G. Works great, and I can E-Mail documents back and forth to work on them through a computer or phone!
Amazingly designed highly recommend anyone who uses office on the go. Very easy to use and uploads files seemlessly with Google docs and SD cards A+
Amazingly designed highly recommend anyone who uses office on the go. Very easy to use and uploads files seemlessly with Google docs and SD cards A+
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
I just bought the paid version so that I could use my password-protected docs (Word and Excel). When I enter the password all I get is an "Internal Error (40)" message. Just wasted $15.
Does not install in my T-Mobile LG phone. How do I get my money back?
I am able to integrate D2G with my Dropbox so I have seamless access to my data regardless of platform. Since I am WiFi only, there are times when I need the app running on my tablet in order to be able to access and use my data. Works great!
I am able to integrate D2G with my Dropbox so I have seamless access to my data regardless of platform. Since I am WiFi only, there are times when I need the app running on my tablet in order to be able to access and use my data. Works great!
A first class app which handles such things as comments, endnotes, & footnotes extremely well. It syncs & reports any editing conflicts.
A first class app which handles such things as comments, endnotes, & footnotes extremely well. It syncs & reports any editing conflicts.
Save files to your gmail directory and always have the most current version with you for quick edits while on the go.
Save files to your gmail directory and always have the most current version with you for quick edits while on the go.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I really like the interface and usability of this application. The only thing missing is Dropbox support like QuickOffice HD now offers. Add Dropbox and I will give 5 stars.
I love this app! It works exactly as described! I haven't had one problem with it!
Installed fine for me. Make sure you have main (free) app installed first. Payment authorization took about 2min to process.
Works great on Droid X. Creating and editing documents is very simple and convenient!
This thing sucks...i bought it and it wouldnt download..and i cant get my $7.04 back. I hate this app and i demand that i get my money back! >:-(
This thing sucks...i bought it and it wouldnt download..and i cant get my $7.04 back. I hate this app and i demand that i get my money back! >:-(
This thing sucks...i bought it and it wouldnt download..and i cant get my $7.04 back. I hate this app and i demand that i get my money back! >:-(
Nice app. Could use some more options, but pretty impressive for what it can do.
Would be nice if it didn't show up in the app drawer....otherwise, the full version was worth the cost!
App works great. They need to add a 10 key style numeric pad for the spreadsheet. Entering a bunch of numbers is a pain with the regular keyboard and everytime you hit enter to go o the next cell you have to select the number function all over again. If you are entering 50 lines this would be insane. Will give 5 stars upon this update.
Does everything I need though if the developers are bored macro support and multiple tab support would be good!
Excellent appln. Great for editing Office documemts. Great UI, especially statred and recent file list. Yet to check syncing with laptop
Paid for full version but it would not give me it. Ut said purchased but the version was still trial and not full like it should of been. Want refun
Since I updated to gingerbread I cannot modify or create a document in excel.Cant insert rows or colums. That sucks.
Won't open excel files with multiple worksheets. the excel reader that comes with droids will. I paid for this program and it does less.
Says it's installed...can't unlock it.Go to unlock it, says to install it. Round and round. Zero tech support. I'm out $15.
Terrible. Kept force closing, was not able to copy and paste some text. It would only freeze up on me. Shame. I could use a good document app!
I love this app 5 stars. Does excel and word. Full version. Samsung Fascinate. Excellent product definitely worth it!
If I could give this 7 out of 5 stars, I would. It runs amazingly on my rooted Samsung Intercept with its 800mhz processor.
This app is amazing! Turns my dInc into a portable office! A must-have for writers, parents, everyone! Top notch quality! Flawless reliability! Thx!!!
This app is great. It reads pdf files, most every file. I highly recommend it. Now if it only had a locking mechanism to lock a file; Perfect.
This app is great. It reads pdf files, most every file. I highly recommend it. Now if it only had a locking mechanism to lock a file; Perfect.
This app is great. It reads pdf files, most every file. I highly recommend it. Now if it only had a locking mechanism to lock a file; Perfect.
Well worth the price to upgrade. This is the only app ive actually paid for.
Well worth the price to upgrade. This is the only app ive actually paid for.
Worth every penny, i dont even need a computer anymore. I write all my papers on my phone.
Worth every penny, i dont even need a computer anymore. I write all my papers on my phone.
Fantastic if you have space for it. Lacks direct homescreen shortcuts to specific documents. Does about everything else I expect & need of it.
Fantastic if you have space for it. Lacks direct homescreen shortcuts to specific documents. Does about everything else I expect & need of it.
Great on my D1, even better on my xoom. Thanks!
Amazing. Wish it had a wireless sync function, but great none the less. Worth purchasing the full version for workaholics on the go.
ThinkFree Office allows to insert pictures and drawn art while composing or editing a document, it also allows read, (not compose) .txt files NOT THIS
This app is amazing. Cannot recommend highly enough. The upgrade is worth it for the pdf handling alone.
This app is amazing. Cannot recommend highly enough. The upgrade is worth it for the pdf handling alone.
This app quickly opens all my files. The sync with my pc is excellent. It only takes 6 or 8 seconds to sync all my files. Highly recommended!! EVO 4G
I got this so that i could do my coursework when in a long journey. I was suprised how good it is and i couldnt live without it worth 5 out of 5.
I've used this product with a Palm T/X and now a Droid and it's a great program. Wouldn't want to work without it.
Absolutely Excel-lent! I could not edit Excel in other apps if there was more than one worksheet or more complicated functions. This is SO easy now.
Absolutely Excel-lent! I could not edit Excel in other apps if there was more than one worksheet or more complicated functions. This is SO easy now.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Best app ever. Like having your PC on your phone. Easy to work with and use.
Heavy business user on droid pro, app works perfect, ability to edit formulas, access google apps and save docs is nice and easy.
Heavy business user on droid pro, app works perfect, ability to edit formulas, access google apps and save docs is nice and easy.
Heavy business user on droid pro, app works perfect, ability to edit formulas, access google apps and save docs is nice and easy.
How do I switch my license from my HTC EVO to my Cruz T301???? It is virtually impossible to contact the dev. Arrrrgggghhhh.
I once loved this software, but recently it has begun refusing to save changes. The interface is clunky and complicated and I FAR prefer Quickoffice
I once loved this software, but recently it has begun refusing to save changes. The interface is clunky and complicated and I FAR prefer Quickoffice
I have been using DRY since on Palm PDA days and continue with all subsequent smart phones. I have it on my HCT Android and on my iPad. Strongly recom
Awesome app...I've began using Documents To Go on my Palm Treo 650, then on my Palm Pre and now on my HTC EVO. Supports MS Office and, Google docs!
Don't be a sucker like I was. This product is junk.
Good but force closes every so often without backing up data. Make sure you save your work often.
Works perfectly. Very helpful at work when there is not a computer around. - HTC Thunderbolt
Even with google docs on the market this is my document app of choice on android. Atrix 4G
Who cares about move 2 sd I adb'd my phone I give it 5 you rock
It funny how DataViz or whom ever deletes the 'Bad Reviews/Truth Reviews'. When DataViz moved from Norwalk,Ct to Milford,CT& Stopped tech & CS calls.
It funny how DataViz or whom ever deletes the 'Bad Reviews/Truth Reviews'. When DataViz moved from Norwalk,Ct to Milford,CT& Stopped tech & CS calls.
I purchased the full version for Android. It will not load. I previously had the full version on a Blackberry that worked well.
I had it on my Droid and it worked fine, but I updated to Xoom (Android 3) and even though it says it should work for Android 1.5 and up, when I tried to register it, it says I have no internet connection when I do and the Desktop software doesn't recognize it, I tried to contact Dataviz but when I click on Send question/request, all I get is a not found page, I'm already looking for a replacement.
A brilliantly designed app. Definitely a must-have. Very impressed with its capabilities; I wish MS Office had a home screen as useful as this.
Works great on HTC DHD. Had problems opening file on desktop but this was MS 2003 conversion issue. It was resolved by downloading Office patch.
With this, I feel like I have a full computer rather than just a phone.
I love this programme, I can be productive everywhere. Can create docs in Google docs, which is an additional bonus
Brill, does all I want and much more than I expected. This was my first purchase for my Android Tablet, very straight forward, no problems.
I bought this app and it is asking for a registration number, which I never received and I can't complete my account because of it! Total rip off!
I bought this app and it is asking for a registration number, which I never received and I can't complete my account because of it! Total rip off!
I bought this app and it is asking for a registration number, which I never received and I can't complete my account because of it! Total rip off!
I bought this app and it is asking for a registration number, which I never received and I can't complete my account because of it! Total rip off!
Well worth the cost. -Motorola Atrix 4g
I use this program a lot! It is a GREAT program and supports all my 07' file perfectly.
Reliable and dependable my files always maintain the original format even with complex Word or Excel files. Works great with dropbox.
Reliable and dependable my files always maintain the original format even with complex Word or Excel files. Works great with dropbox.
Works on my archos101 like a charm. Would like to see mult tabs on excel
Works on my archos101 like a charm. Would like to see mult tabs on excel
Great application. However, I had to perform a data wipe on my phone and I can't seem to download it again.
Great application. However, I had to perform a data wipe on my phone and I can't seem to download it again.
It's ok. When you paste stuff such as from a web page it doesn't carry the format. It needs a paste special.
It's ok. When you paste stuff such as from a web page it doesn't carry the format. It needs a paste special.
No support. When I tried to dl again after changing to new Thunderbolt, it charged me again. And I used same email address. Garbage.
I have had petty luck with used this program since v 3 for palm i would like more fornule opions. And be careful when worki Google doc's some it does
I daren't apply the update in case I'm charged again. RIM now own this software.
Keeps asking to download. Cant get a refund either, dataviz website is useless for any help. It says downloading but goes back to the purchased status
UGH! I bought this app mainly for the advertised syncing with Google Docs. I thought it would be AMAZING to be able to edit and create Google Doc files on the go - however, when I connected this app with Google Docs and tried to edit\open a file, the app gave me a message: "Failed to download file". No reason, or solution, and DataViz has NO support or forums (forums are locked, and their support forms are broken)
I did not purchase this either the company stole money from my debit card or someone else did there's no way to contact number don't work and no email
I did not purchase this either the company stole money from my debit card or someone else did there's no way to contact number don't work and no email
If you're looking for something that is able to open all types of documents and make quick exits this is the tool for you. Don't expect more than that
These guys are a bunch of idiots Learn how to use your phone and blackberries suck Best app ever#1
I tried to cancel this product within the 15 minute time frame and it told me i could not cancel . So I am asking u to cancel this product Please
Works OK, but wish it wasn't impossible to get in contact with someone at DataViz. Needs full screen option. Hide the stupid status bar.
Great app! Only snag at the moment is slow file loading - in particular ppt.
There are lots of other office suites. This one offers the most features. Only weak spot is presentation creation. Otherwise, stellar.
LOVE IT!!!!! It is fast and total office on the go!! I keep my personal budget in Excel and can update it in real time now. Love it!!!!! :) :) :)
Very happy with it. Use the spreadsheet all the time. Have also used word and find the whole app very helpful
Lots of bugs and crashes. Haven't been able to find anything decent to edit gdocs on my Xoom.
Lots of bugs and crashes. Haven't been able to find anything decent to edit gdocs on my Xoom.
Lots of bugs and crashes. Haven't been able to find anything decent to edit gdocs on my Xoom.
Great app!!! Include more of what can be done on a laptop when creating ppt presentations that would be ideal. Clip art, autoshapes,smartart etc
It's very good, but think free office that came with my samsung galaxy tab (7" Brazilian) is actually better, I kinda regret buying this...
Love this app... could use more online storage locales for files. (Gdocs is great, but QuickOffice Pro offers dropbox, box, huddle, sugarsync mobileme
Force close frequently. Fails to open files it should open. Most money I ever paid for a defective app (droid2 froyo)
Functionality is far better than I previously enjoyed on BlackBerry is every bit equal to the functionality on my desktop. Thank you
Functionality is far better than I previously enjoyed on BlackBerry is every bit equal to the functionality on my desktop. Thank you
Functionality is far better than I previously enjoyed on BlackBerry is every bit equal to the functionality on my desktop. Thank you
Functionality is far better than I previously enjoyed on BlackBerry is every bit equal to the functionality on my desktop. Thank you
Functionality is far better than I previously enjoyed on BlackBerry is every bit equal to the functionality on my desktop. Thank you
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
Good app but no spell checker. A spell checker is very important for word docs, so 3 stars until one is built in. Other than that its a useful app.
As a professional animal groomed I love this app. I can get to my google docs where my client list is a update. Plus I can open attach. &edit them too
This works fine with my Xoom Wi-Fi.
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
This app. Makes having a smart phone smart. The small price for this app. Is worth it when you use it. I have had no issues with it running or using
D2G is the most reliable office app I have in terms of keeping documents intact across multiple platforms, including a Droid, a Xoom, and files stored in Dropbox for use on Mac and WinPC. However, it has a clunky method of text selection, compared with OfficeSuite Pro and Quickoffice Pro, which both use double-tapping and "pins" to select text. Also, the app under Honeycomb can't seem to upload anything to Google Docs; it always crashes on upload. Fix the upload and give me selection pins, and it gets a 5.
Your download process sucks. I was a long time customer and bought this based on my past experience. I will be asking for my money back
I figured out my problem with this app, I didn't know I needed two parts for it. Now that I have the package installer the full version works.
Had it on my BlackBerry and just as pleased with the Android version. Tried two other office apps and this is the best. Well worth the $15.
Integration with Google Docs works great. The only app I could find to do so properly.
Exactly as expected. Great app for any business user. Xoom.
Ppt files with actions or animations arent supported but this isnt mentioned in the overview
Being somewhat of a writer I love this app! Excellent when inspiration strikes when away from home! Also easy to create documents.
Being somewhat of a writer I love this app! Excellent when inspiration strikes when away from home! Also easy to create documents.
Love this app. However need to add spell check to app. Great on the go for all office applications.
Love this app. However need to add spell check to app. Great on the go for all office applications.
Love this app. However need to add spell check to app. Great on the go for all office applications.
Used this and Quick office pro 4.0, found this one to be the most user friendly
Used this and Quick office pro 4.0, found this one to be the most user friendly
Used this and Quick office pro 4.0, found this one to be the most user friendly
Brad, Google Docs on this app works fine for me & every1 else I kno w/this app. Are u checking on ur PC to make sure the msg isnt an error itself?
Waited tooo long for MobileMe support. Just purchased the new version of QuickOffice Pro so uninstalling this :/
Waited tooo long for MobileMe support. Just purchased the new version of QuickOffice Pro so uninstalling this :/
Waited tooo long for MobileMe support. Just purchased the new version of QuickOffice Pro so uninstalling this :/
The only problem I had was the installation process neglected to put the launch icon on my desktop (you have to do that manually).
Great way to start or finish a Doc. Slide. Or Excel project. Being a student i found this very helpful since i dont have microsoft office.
Please enhance Word editing so we can see entire doc, instead of just single line we are editing. Android 2.0
All I need is a keyboard and it's a perfect replica of microsoft office. I absolutely love it!
All I need is a keyboard and it's a perfect replica of microsoft office. I absolutely love it!
Get 404 when selecting Download Now! Apparently need to download main app manually. Uninstalled.
Great def work the money. You can use it at school and not have to carry around a laptop. Highly recommended!!!
Fantastic!! But sometimes kinda slow at opening files. Definitely needs spell-check. HTC Desire Z
On Intercept 2.2 LOVE IT it almost turns ur phone into a laptop much better interface than think office, syncs well with goog docs and dropbox.
This is a real disappointment. To make a word bold you have to navigate too much through menus... why didn't you just give us a richtext toolbar to use?
Had this program on my long deceased palm years ago. Was my favorite program on that device. Very happy to get it for my droid x.
Tried another before this editor. This is the better of the two. Does support MS Word 10. Recommend docs2go offer free trial of full version.
I've been a Docs2Go user for 9 years, since the Palm days. Unfortunately they've devolved since then. It requires a data connection to verify your license before you can edit docs, so if you're on a plane, a cruise, or in a dead zone you're outta luck. I can just use Google docs, who needs D2G? Also, Dataviz is impossible to reach. They shut down the user forums, probably because they didn't want to read all our complaints and suggestions. AVOID, unless you are always in a wifi/Edge/3G zone.
This app works just fine with any type of ms office document on my htc desire z. I didn't have any of the problems others are complaining about.
This app does not open or even view .docx documents, older docs or documents created by other word apps such as quickoffice. MAJOR FAIL!
After purchase it has me going around in a circle. Can't open. No clear instructions.
Tried other office apps but this is the best and most functional. So far all docs have opened all accurately.
Purchased 24 hours ago on Xoom, hasn't allowed me to install, still tells me to buy and no option for refund.
Golly! Finally a mature, well thought out, well implemented application for Android. CHEAP AT THE PRICE.
Golly! Finally a mature, well thought out, well implemented application for Android. CHEAP AT THE PRICE.
Golly! Finally a mature, well thought out, well implemented application for Android. CHEAP AT THE PRICE.
Its an amazing program! It does everything that ms word, excel, and power point can do... cell referencing, formatting, it does it all...
Its an amazing program! It does everything that ms word, excel, and power point can do... cell referencing, formatting, it does it all...
This is definitely a well-developed executable. Though expensive, it is highly functional, reliable, & flexible. Recommended upgrade. ~:sds:~ DX
This is definitely a well-developed executable. Though expensive, it is highly functional, reliable, & flexible. Recommended upgrade. ~:sds:~ DX
This is definitely a well-developed executable. Though expensive, it is highly functional, reliable, & flexible. Recommended upgrade. ~:sds:~ DX
cannot launch app even though paid and downloaded. Keeps prompting me to download :(
This is a pretty good for using on the fly, but do not count on it too much. No spell check, word are not automatically capitalized, and other bugs.
Won't even open an rtf document and I can't get a refund because my phone crashed during the refund process. What a joke.
Worked fine until recent update. Now will not work and will not install on my Droid X.
This app is awesome. I spend about 4 hours traveling to get to and from school. I can't always be onn my laptop, but I can always be on my phone. :)
This app is awesome. I spend about 4 hours traveling to get to and from school. I can't always be onn my laptop, but I can always be on my phone. :)
This app is awesome. I spend about 4 hours traveling to get to and from school. I can't always be onn my laptop, but I can always be on my phone. :)
I love how it synchronizes with my Google Docs which I use for class. Awesome app.
I love how it synchronizes with my Google Docs which I use for class. Awesome app.
I always found Documents To Go Free app as a huge help to see attachments for work. So I took the plunge in purchasing the full version and right away it helped me edit an excel sheet sent to me and I was able to look up some files I stored on Google docs to download and send. Excellent app to have if you rely on doing things while out and about. This looks and works great on my Motorola XOOM.
Bought yesterday. Followed instructions on install FREE version FIRST. Works perfectly on on LG Optimus. Today got free update from DTG. No prob.
Filing system U.I. looks & feels much better in recent update! Nice to see DataViz doesn't sleep!
Filing system U.I. looks & feels much better in recent update! Nice to see DataViz doesn't sleep!
Purchased to test out, didn't like it and will NOT give me a refund and now I'm out $15. Don't buy unless you know you will keep it
I wish it hat better tools to edit, for right now it get the job done, make sure you download the free version and then get pay version that's the key
Works great. I can edit save and email my school assignments whenever I want! I highly reccommend this app for student and business people.
Works great. I can edit save and email my school assignments whenever I want! I highly reccommend this app for student and business people.
Works great. I can edit save and email my school assignments whenever I want! I highly reccommend this app for student and business people.
Worked great on my bb and even better on my epic! Its cheaper for android too :)
Worked great on my bb and even better on my epic! Its cheaper for android too :)
Worked great on my bb and even better on my epic! Its cheaper for android too :)
When I switch between music player and PDF to Go, the PDF is loaded again at the first page. Seriously anoying, please fix.
When I switch between music player and PDF to Go, the PDF is loaded again at the first page. Seriously anoying, please fix.
多少互換性に問題ありますが、動きの軽さを考えればビュワーとして実用十分です。 PCファイル編集面は期待できないので割りきる必要があります（それでもandroidアプリとしてはトップクラスの編集機能はあります）。
This program is a rip-off. I got it to look at PDF files I've uploaded into my Google Docs and it won't load any of them. Yet when I just use the web browser and go to Google Docs through there, it works fine. What gives? I want a refund!
was working but now receive prompt to download again, but when I follow directions to do this, market says it is already installed. Very angry!
Runs great, no problems with force closing, Been using it for about 3 months on HTC 4G. Description say up to 2007 office, but 2010 csv files run too.
Problems showing graphics in PDF files. Only Adobe Reader didn't trip over this file. For example: Soccer "Laws of the Game" PDF at ussoccer.org.
No embedded image support!!! Makes powerpoint kinda useless. Really hope they implement this in the future.
I think it is worth 15 bucks, after trying several spreadsheet apps. You ger what you pay for, and more with this app. It will open open office docume
I think it is worth 15 bucks, after trying several spreadsheet apps. You ger what you pay for, and more with this app. It will open open office docume
I think it is worth 15 bucks, after trying several spreadsheet apps. You ger what you pay for, and more with this app. It will open open office docume
"clear data" will take you in a circle of download-it-you-already-have-it-download-it-you-already-have-it. Just reinstall free version & re-register
Better than expected, Have it on my Palm TX. I do wish it could create graphs.
Bobby: install both...free & paid. Paid version is just an unlock key. Great app! Very useful. Love the Gdocs feature.
This app is great for my school assignments simple and easy to use HTC EVO 4G
Best app ever use it all the time to work on my school papers. I have also writen c++ code with it (i have a a full qwerty phone).
The program couldn't connect via the USB that works for every other program. There is no method for contacting tech support. Disappointed.
The program couldn't connect via the USB that works for every other program. There is no method for contacting tech support. Disappointed.
Excellent and reliable program, thumbs up, keep up good work. Definitely referred to friends
So far working great I continue to use it on a daily basis. I will update later
Coming from a Windows pocket PC with lots of docs to a android. This app has made it almost seamless. Well worth $.
Coming from a Windows pocket PC with lots of docs to a android. This app has made it almost seamless. Well worth $.
I'm a grad student and this app does everything I need, and does it well!
You get what you pay for. There are cheaper office programs out there, none match this one. Well worth $14.99, if you need true office functionality.
I use alot of microsoft forms in my work. Many are custom forms where the format is constant but the data in the fields is ever changing. GREAT!
Just a terrific app. It's really big, it's really expensive - and worth every last penny & byte. I haven't used my laptop in months. Who needs to?
Just a terrific app. It's really big, it's really expensive - and worth every last penny & byte. I haven't used my laptop in months. Who needs to?
Authenticates way too long and too often!! Didn't I pay for this? Why constant permissions? I need quicker access to my files.
Authenticates way too long and too often!! Didn't I pay for this? Why constant permissions? I need quicker access to my files.
Absolutely brilliant for what I need it for and has made my HTC desire even more versatile and useful! Heaps ahead of quick office by miles!
Good app, been using this for many years on Palm and Blacmberry. The puchase version is worth the money.
There are several printing apps in the market. It would be great to bypass the computer for some of the smaller printing jobs by adding the print opt.
Definitely great for viewing. My favorite feature is using this to access goggle docs.
Just downloaded the full version but when I open it it claims that its not a valid version from the android market. Complete waste of my money.
Just downloaded the full version but when I open it it claims that its not a valid version from the android market. Complete waste of my money.
It works great on my phone " my touch 3g slide! No regrets at all
Awesome app puts the Galaxy Tab miles ahead of the iPad for business purposes. Turned my tab into a mini computer
Like it but doesnt play animations or sound on powerpoint. If fixed i would give 5 stars galaxy tab
Like it but doesnt play animations or sound on powerpoint. If fixed i would give 5 stars galaxy tab
Best office suite for Android. My spreadsheet however seems to have "unsupported content" and is therefore uneditable.
The spreadsheet portion has NO support for multi-tabbed sheets. Otherwise, a useful tool for editing documents.
This app works without a hitch. Just wish it supported data validation and like mannered things. G2 and bb 8120. No hiccups on either platform.
This app works without a hitch. Just wish it supported data validation and like mannered things. G2 and bb 8120. No hiccups on either platform.
Android recommnded app to read pfd file... did not work on any of files I attempted to access
Really helpful when I'm at school, but don't have access to a computer. Great app!
Really helpful when I'm at school, but don't have access to a computer. Great app!
Great app. "Checking account status" every time I open a doc is irritating; would go to 5 stars if that stopped. Otherwise love it. Samsung Captivate
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
I've not been able to get it to download on my DroidX. Any ideas anyone?
Does nothing but forceclose!!! GD disappointment!!! xperia x10... refunding... i have other options...
Does nothing but forceclose!!! GD disappointment!!! xperia x10... refunding... i have other options...
Works well to let me read my office docs. Great program and worth paying for. Would be even better if it supported openoffice documents as well
Paid for this full version and am stuck in an infinite loop where trying to open takes me back to the download page.
Only gets an average rating cause there's no over better alternative. Toolbar needs to be on-screen.
Devs made it so you can hide the key so now its five stars! Awesome app!
Devs made it so you can hide the key so now its five stars! Awesome app!
I highly recommended the paid version. Of all the apps I have on my phone, this one is the best....
Purchased QuickOffice, a dreadful program.Thought I'd try Docs 2 Go. It is so much better! I pretty much use Excel only, so can't comment on Word.
Poor tech support. Tried on computer and when I submitted question it stated web site not found. Company has no contact info except web.
Docs to Go is better than Office Suite Pro. The UI is better, it's smoother in it's operation, and I love it! Evo
Docs to Go is better than Office Suite Pro. The UI is better, it's smoother in it's operation, and I love it! Evo
Five stars, supports app2sd, developer works hard to update an already very useful app they care about making the best on the market!
I typed a 15 page report on my phone for an online college class....that says it all....i love my droid and this prog.
A must have for people who need to do more than just p layon their tablet!
A must have for people who need to do more than just p layon their tablet!
Need 2 apps installed to use. Cannot use w/o internet connection. Printing not supported.
Need 2 apps installed to use. Cannot use w/o internet connection. Printing not supported.
Need 2 apps installed to use. Cannot use w/o internet connection. Printing not supported.
Need 2 apps installed to use. Cannot use w/o internet connection. Printing not supported.
Full MS Office, without access. Able to access almost all functions of google docs. Bottom line...I can't live without this app!
Great product but could use some updates. There are limitations to viewing pic and graphs with the excel and power point software. Please update this!
Love it. Works better than the free pdf readers and the Android office program (which is a piece of crap).
Great apparently for on the work. I hope they make the share function available not just email.
Good comments about it Bad comments about it. Mmm doesn't work w/o internet connection! Idk Should I buy it? Mmm no! I will buy it afte a good upgrad
Really would prefer to get key then NOT have two programs sitting in my app drawer
More paranoid than Hollywood, the developers seem to think it's ok to severely slow down start up by checking the install key EVERY time it's used.
I used this on my Palm and now I use it on my Motorola Droid 2. This product is GREAT! Thank you DataViz!
SCAM! Doesnt work and 15 min is not enough time to determine that it doesnt work. Fake comments below!
SCAM! Doesnt work and 15 min is not enough time to determine that it doesnt work. Fake comments below!
The ability to edit Office documents while on the go & sync with Google docs makes this a GREAT tool for small business owners/sole proprietors. EVO
Documentation sez app can run from SD. You lied to me! What happens when I can't connect!
Excellent spreadsheet (Excel compatible) and best mobile application for editing Google Docs.
Worked on my droid. The upgrade continuely "force close" on the app. Dataviz get er done right!
Worked on my droid. The upgrade continuely "force close" on the app. Dataviz get er done right!
Excellent app if you depend on Microsoft Office programs for organization! Works just as it says it will.
Excellent app if you depend on Microsoft Office programs for organization! Works just as it says it will.
Excellent app if you depend on Microsoft Office programs for organization! Works just as it says it will.
I use this app on a daily basis. I love the ability to edit, save, & email. I'm trying to go digital & this is making my job so much easier.
Great application allowing quick editing of office documents while on the road. Highly recommended for busy managers on the move.
I am still not being able to open pdf files even after purchasing the app. Please help.
I am still not being able to open pdf files even after purchasing the app. Please help.
Best on the market but needs to be able to sync Google docs locally and automatically for offline/quick access.
Cannot sdaysync with desktop. Sick of trying. Have. Spent two full. Days trying all of your suggestions.
A real winner, only marked lower for lack luster support of punch and zoom and some quirky ui behavior but over all very impressive. +Google docs!!!
Make sure that you have downloaded the free version 1st then purchase the licence version. Had no problems so far :)
this is a great application and works great with my galaxy tablet for doing class work and sending/reciving emails through my work
I will give it a five star if they upgrade so that I can open office 2010 and see, insert, and format pictures. Exept for that it is awsome.
Works like a dream on my Droid X, and iPad. It syncs wonderfully with my Google Docs or Dropbox account. Excellent UI!
Would you please give us the option to remove the -+ zoom that appears at the bottom of the screen everytime the screen is touched. It is annoying.
Worthless! Typical BS! "You can (do what I want to do)." But not 1 dam word about HOW Won't refund b/c took 2 long 2 fail!
Worthless! Typical BS! "You can (do what I want to do)." But not 1 dam word about HOW Won't refund b/c took 2 long 2 fail!
I love Docs to Go. Very easy to use. It's a handy office on my phone. Droid X user.
D2G is now my fav Android app! It's almost as cool as my phone. EVO 4G
I've been using this for a while and does everything it says it does. 10 stars from me. EVO
Key does not work with my device, tells me it is not a valid android key. Uninstalled
App never down loaded. It claimed I purchased it, but all I have is the basic version. GARBAGE DO NOT DOWNLOAD!
The PC. I have at home uses Microsoft works. Most people use Microsoft word. And can't open any docs from works. I love Ms office.
The PC. I have at home uses Microsoft works. Most people use Microsoft word. And can't open any docs from works. I love Ms office.
Does what it says on the tin, unless attachment is docx which it can't open
I've had documents to go on a Palm OS, Windows OS and now the Android OS. I would recommend this program to anyone who uses MS Office.
I was able to download and email my word docx at the restaurant! No need to wait to get home to submit homework :)
This is a very good program but takes time to learn how to use all functions in the menues
This is a very good program but takes time to learn how to use all functions in the menues
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
Great program! Works great ,well worth the $15. !!! LOL now that ive purchaced it T-Mobile thru in think free office for free
no functional issues w droid/incredible, but prog checks If u r a reg. user everytime you open it-a prob if your out of service range, won't work!
Honestly there is no better. The things it is capable of doing is endless. Don't wait! Well worth the money if you need or use any kind of documents!
Absolutely great product; I wanted something to be able to transfer, open and edit office documents. This does exactly what it advertises!
Works great for me! I gave it five stars and it doesn't even make toast. Credit to the twit network for the last comment.
Annoying, when you save, carriage returns are not saved on the document, they become underscores, eg. Line1 Line2 Becomes... line1_Line2 So irritating
Annoying, when you save, carriage returns are not saved on the document, they become underscores, eg. Line1 Line2 Becomes... line1_Line2 So irritating
I've been using this for 2 years. Upgraded to the Droid and I didn't want anything else. Works perfectly. Has all the basic features plus more!
WORKS GREAT ON Evo. Don't buy Quickoffice because its cheaper. You'll be throwing away your money.
Seems to work fine on my EVO. I haven't used all features yet but am happy so far. Thanks! And Merry Christmas.
I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH!! I love being able to edit, and create new documents on the go....it's brilliant. A+
I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH!! I love being able to edit, and create new documents on the go....it's brilliant. A+
AJ - 5* can even open a protected file! Can view comments in excel file. Run perfectly w HTC Nexus One. Only regret I can't print even w printshare.
The installation is sending me in circles. I open it, hit download, get transferred to the market where I hit download again and return to start...?
Just got full version and love it. Will be happier when I learn how to delete files! Not obvious unfortunately. Great app and concept!
Just got full version and love it. Will be happier when I learn how to delete files! Not obvious unfortunately. Great app and concept!
I have the full version on my HTC EVO. Great app, but wish it's better integrated with SwiftKey in landscape. Limited to editing in standard view.
I cannot open the program! It keeps asking for my password and username, which I do not know. Please email them to me. John Colombo
I cannot open the program! It keeps asking for my password and username, which I do not know. Please email them to me. John Colombo
Every time you switch to another app, when you come back it is bank at the beginning of the pdf file. Could definitely handle large files better
This is everything you want in a word, excel, pdf, etc product! I love this product! Get the full version it is worth the money!
Unreal teamed with swype. Can get anything done from almost anywhere. Best fifteen dollars I've spent in a while.
Most powerful doc editor I've found. Love the addition of Google Docs access. Wish it has MS Office Live too but oh well. -Epic 4G (Froyo)
Most powerful doc editor I've found. Love the addition of Google Docs access. Wish it has MS Office Live too but oh well. -Epic 4G (Froyo)
Possibly one of the best apps for the Android. I no longer miss my Windows-based phone for mobile office apps. Documents to Go takes care of that.
Add a rotate lock feature for the pdf viewer word wrap. It would be nice to have it not move
Add a rotate lock feature for the pdf viewer word wrap. It would be nice to have it not move
Add a rotate lock feature for the pdf viewer word wrap. It would be nice to have it not move
Wow, great work fixing the "can't erase/correct bug"! This version is the best yet!!
When I am working 12hrs out of the day, it saved my life when I had papers to write.
Integrates seamlessly with Microsoft Office Professional 2007. Great app for a phone.
Integrates seamlessly with Microsoft Office Professional 2007. Great app for a phone.
Doesn't work with Google Doc & won't give you refund even if it hasn't been 24hrs. Rip off!
Very happy so far, I am excited about google docs integration. So fast it's great!
Very happy so far, I am excited about google docs integration. So fast it's great!
Very happy so far, I am excited about google docs integration. So fast it's great!
Have looked at all of the Android office apps. This is most usable of them all. Thanks.
I payed for this app threw google but the company would not let me access app until i gave them my credit card info...SCAM
Forcing users to toggle keypad sucks please update this so we can touch the screen a not menu to bring up the keyboard... overall great program...
Java.io.EFEx message comes up when trying to open word docs on Droid X. Docs won't open.
I love this. I have a lot of documents that I need to read while on the go and this is great and easy to use
I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the repetitive validation process. If it fails due to data being turned off, you have to reinstall.
5 stars but it is irritating how it changes font to times new roman as default when you try to edit it your font. Otherwise its great!
5 stars but it is irritating how it changes font to times new roman as default when you try to edit it your font. Otherwise its great!
I too have used this software since my first Palm PDA over a decade ago. It's a staple on any smartphone I ever own.
Awesome. Works great. Been using this product since they first came out with it for the Palm PDA. Can leave the laptop at home some days.
Awesome. Works great. Been using this product since they first came out with it for the Palm PDA. Can leave the laptop at home some days.
Awesome. Works great. Been using this product since they first came out with it for the Palm PDA. Can leave the laptop at home some days.
Nice. Works much better than the QuickOffice app my phone came with. No force closes so far.
Very nice app, very nicely written, makes you very productive on the fly. Use it all the time.
I freakin LOVE THIS APP! So many resumes made and i got a job using this app! I dont even need a computer! I have ANDROID! AND DTG! Woop woop!
DTG has been the bomb for a long time. Been registered user on Palm and now on my Samsung Epic 4G! (New version 3 is outstanding!)
DTG has been the bomb for a long time. Been registered user on Palm and now on my Samsung Epic 4G! (New version 3 is outstanding!)
Great! This program allows me to do anything I could want on a phone! I have gotten so much work done with this app.
Great! This program allows me to do anything I could want on a phone! I have gotten so much work done with this app.
Great! This program allows me to do anything I could want on a phone! I have gotten so much work done with this app.
Great app! Can write up a doc in minutes & w/ adding the printer share app I can print wireless 2 my home printer! Add cut/paste & more fonts Plz! D2
Great app! Can write up a doc in minutes & w/ adding the printer share app I can print wireless 2 my home printer! Add cut/paste & more fonts Plz! D2
By far the best app on the market. Works perfect everytime and so easy to use!
Originally had a hard time opening. Now it seems to be working. We shall see.
Several rough edges and a generally clunky feel, in other words standard-issue DataViz. But it (usually) gets the job done.
Absolutely wonderful on my Incredible! So much better than Quickoffice, I wish I could get my money back from that purchase.
Scrolls in horizontal mode, big improvements, easy access to google docs, easier editing, save to sd. Once clunky now the standard! Nice work!
Great app. However, unable to figure out how to add pictures to PowerPoint presentation.
Great app! Its awesome to be able to use my phone as a document creating tool. Easy to use and great price!
Really NEEDED this ish!! Now I dont have to carry my dam Laptop to the gym lol
Wow, great app! Just continue the work on the phone and everything works without any problems. Just the program I have been looking for,thanks!
Love it. Just don't forget about us loyal customers when it comes to an update.
Great app I travel alot and can do all my paper work on the go. Corporate always wants something new within the hour this app allows me to do it
Suddenly getting a message that my full version key is no good on my tablet. Downloaded straight from the market so it should work.
Great program, very useful I use it all the time. It would be nice if there was an easier way to close docs other than the menu. GREAT APP!
Great program, very useful I use it all the time. It would be nice if there was an easier way to close docs other than the menu. GREAT APP!
Great app for students like mw that need access to files on the go. Droid 2
Why does it validate my account every time i reopen docs to go this is a waste of my time while it connects to validate something i paid for. I lookin
If you cannot see the main app in the market, check out the site, there are download links there.
The program is great, but it would be nice if the key was integrated rather than a separate app that must be installed to have the full version
Worth buying at half price only. Integrates well but dont like menu that pops up from soft scrolling
Worth buying at half price only. Integrates well but dont like menu that pops up from soft scrolling
I like this app. Would like it if it would let me know how many pages my doc. Is
Was hesitant about the price at first. So glad I upgraded. It's proven itself to be an invaluable app. Easy to use. Works great on my Samsung Vibrant.
Was hesitant about the price at first. So glad I upgraded. It's proven itself to be an invaluable app. Easy to use. Works great on my Samsung Vibrant.
Was hesitant about the price at first. So glad I upgraded. It's proven itself to be an invaluable app. Easy to use. Works great on my Samsung Vibrant.
Its pretty good, but every time i try to open a file it says connot open rtf file.. :(
Perfect for the fast Droid 2 global. Especially nice with support for Google doc through network!
Such a useful app worth every penny, work just like the one one the computer
Such a useful app worth every penny, work just like the one one the computer
Such a useful app worth every penny, work just like the one one the computer
Awesome! Worth paying for, glad to have gdocs support, needs ability to add pictures to docs though
Awesome! Worth paying for, glad to have gdocs support, needs ability to add pictures to docs though
Awesome! Worth paying for, glad to have gdocs support, needs ability to add pictures to docs though
Awesome! Worth paying for, glad to have gdocs support, needs ability to add pictures to docs though
Had it on my blackberry and liked it then. The version for Evo is even better!
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
I love the new look and sync features of the program. I would like to see the option to sync via bluetooth instead of cable.
Great application but cut and paste is still too cumbersome.need to be able to edit the text to be cut rather than an automatic cut.
Great application but cut and paste is still too cumbersome.need to be able to edit the text to be cut rather than an automatic cut.
Great application but cut and paste is still too cumbersome.need to be able to edit the text to be cut rather than an automatic cut.
Har kört detta program sedan min första palm pilot. Har aldrig blivit besviken. Grymt med Gdoc access. Möjligen saknar jag dualtouch i zoomen.
Doesn't work with dropbox even though iPad and iPhone app does why not android it is far more capable
Doesn't work with dropbox even though iPad and iPhone app does why not android it is far more capable
Very easy to use. Does have some slight problems when importing excel sheets but workable.
Very easy to use. Does have some slight problems when importing excel sheets but workable.
Now that it is fully integrated with Google Documents with automatic syncing, this app is unbeatable.
Love it! Used on Palms before. Can delete docs by connecting to computer. Make update to delete directly from phone.
I wanted to be able upload word docs to Google docs and this program does it beautifully. Also love the install to SD card feature.
I wanted to be able upload word docs to Google docs and this program does it beautifully. Also love the install to SD card feature.
Awesome!!! Only wish is that PowerPoint did cell graphics and animation. Or maybe it does and I'm retarded!
Awesome!!! Only wish is that PowerPoint did cell graphics and animation. Or maybe it does and I'm retarded!
Recent files should include Google docs and maybe some shortcuts to avoid going to menu always for changes
Recent files should include Google docs and maybe some shortcuts to avoid going to menu always for changes
First rate. Devs please note that many of us happy to pay for quality apps.
This is my favorite app, its great for productivity and keeps my data handy where i need it most.
This is my favorite app, its great for productivity and keeps my data handy where i need it most.
This is my favorite app, its great for productivity and keeps my data handy where i need it most.
The best word doc editor on the market that allows for copy/paste functions unlike Quickoffice and also surpasses Office Suite in UI quality.
The best word doc editor on the market that allows for copy/paste functions unlike Quickoffice and also surpasses Office Suite in UI quality.
With the latest update the app works smooth again, although the overall app is as great as it ever was, no real change ther! Works brilliantly well!
With the latest update the app works smooth again, although the overall app is as great as it ever was, no real change ther! Works brilliantly well!
I'm thoroughly impressed the new version can read Google Docs and I love the new interface look!
I'm thoroughly impressed the new version can read Google Docs and I love the new interface look!
What incredibly great features & GUI overhauls! Even more useful app now. Love it! DROID2
What incredibly great features & GUI overhauls! Even more useful app now. Love it! DROID2
What incredibly great features & GUI overhauls! Even more useful app now. Love it! DROID2
What incredibly great features & GUI overhauls! Even more useful app now. Love it! DROID2
What incredibly great features & GUI overhauls! Even more useful app now. Love it! DROID2
Was already the best and then they just took it up a few notches with Gdocs integration!!
Was already the best and then they just took it up a few notches with Gdocs integration!!
Was already the best and then they just took it up a few notches with Gdocs integration!!
Was already the best and then they just took it up a few notches with Gdocs integration!!
Was already the best and then they just took it up a few notches with Gdocs integration!!
Addition of MobileMe access would raise my rating from four to five stars! Great app.
Really nicely made. Hoping that in the future they will manage to work in everything MSoffice does
Really nicely made. Hoping that in the future they will manage to work in everything MSoffice does
Only 2 complaints are: 1) Excel feature is kinda useless, and 2) overall app is TOO darn useful - its a MUST-BUY app whenever I get a new smartphone.
Only 2 complaints are: 1) Excel feature is kinda useless, and 2) overall app is TOO darn useful - its a MUST-BUY app whenever I get a new smartphone.
Only 2 complaints are: 1) Excel feature is kinda useless, and 2) overall app is TOO darn useful - its a MUST-BUY app whenever I get a new smartphone.
Only 2 complaints are: 1) Excel feature is kinda useless, and 2) overall app is TOO darn useful - its a MUST-BUY app whenever I get a new smartphone.
Only 2 complaints are: 1) Excel feature is kinda useless, and 2) overall app is TOO darn useful - its a MUST-BUY app whenever I get a new smartphone.
Good app. Wish it opened access files as well. New version validates purchase every time which is annoying
Good app. Wish it opened access files as well. New version validates purchase every time which is annoying
Best app for productive people. Well worth the money. Hasn't failed once. Palm centro and HTC hero.
Best app for productive people. Well worth the money. Hasn't failed once. Palm centro and HTC hero.
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
I can't edit exel files. i can open files, but after then, fc. Motorola XT720, 2.1
Finally, I can delete unwanted files. New updated version is awesome on my Motorola Droid.
After I found this app, I uninstalled the full version of quickoffice.. this has better functionality. eg opening password protected word files.
The number 1 word processing app for mobile devices. Get the full version now to edit your word, Excel, and power point files. A must have.
Great app. I carry all my reference manuals on my phone and can instantly look up any problem I have when answering a technical question.
Great app -have used it for years on various phones & p.d.a.'s. PLEASE ADD ability to view final documents showing headers & footers!!
I think this is one of the best apps on the Market. I use it all the time.
Takes a little practice but works great. Please add a pinch zoom and double finger pan.
Love it, but needs printing support (using PrinterShare). Dev, please read http://bit.ly/cCMiWq ... Will reconsider purchase if added. Evo with 2.2
Love it, but needs printing support (using PrinterShare). Dev, please read http://bit.ly/cCMiWq ... Will reconsider purchase if added. Evo with 2.2
Great app. Not as intuitive as ms works but considering the platform a great app. I use it constantly with no problems. Very little company support.
Problems with hoizontal mode keyboard have been fixed. But Dataviz provides no phone or email tech support, just peer to peer forums.
Problems with hoizontal mode keyboard have been fixed. But Dataviz provides no phone or email tech support, just peer to peer forums.
Very cool product. One question tho do u get charged for this one time only or monthly
Very cool product. One question tho do u get charged for this one time only or monthly
Well worth the money spent. Has everything one needs to work away from PC on the go. Desire 2.2
Well worth the money spent. Has everything one needs to work away from PC on the go. Desire 2.2
Amazing app, only feature i would like to see is support for opendocument files. Other than that i have all the ones i need
This is my favorite app on the Android market that I use daily for work!!
This is my favorite app on the Android market that I use daily for work!!
This is my favorite app on the Android market that I use daily for work!!
I bought the upgrade but would not download the activation key,emailed dataviz no results. It would seem like once they have your money, why rush.
Love the new UI and access to google docs! High quality app, runs fast and looks great! Worth every penny!!!
The install process downloaded the key, but not the app. But the Android Market thinks the app was downloaded, leaving uninstall as the only option.
Love the new Google Docs but would be great if it could download Google docs so we can edit offline and sync later.
Excellent office package! Could remove the upgrade icon after installing fullversion though
Great app now that they have the desktop manager to go with it. If you down load files this is a must. A+
Works like a dream on my Droid X. Thanks for a problem free solution. Love the latest upgrade too.
Works like a dream on my Droid X. Thanks for a problem free solution. Love the latest upgrade too.
Works like a dream on my Droid X. Thanks for a problem free solution. Love the latest upgrade too.
Does what it says. I created a folder on my SD card and transfer documents to it. Works like a charm.
The sync to desktop makes this a keeper. I've used dataviz products for a long time and this integration is excellent. The sync option is awesome.
The sync to desktop makes this a keeper. I've used dataviz products for a long time and this integration is excellent. The sync option is awesome.
Coming from Windows Mobile I wasn't sure if this would suffice... it is better than I thought. This easily will handle your office needs.
Way worth the price. Google sync and you can sync with the desk top. Much better than I was hoping for. With more functions and easier to use.
Way worth the price. Google sync and you can sync with the desk top. Much better than I was hoping for. With more functions and easier to use.
This app is just what I was needing! The full version is completely worth the price. Happy to give 5 stars.
I have been using Document to Go on my PalmOS for years, it's even more useful on my Android.
I have been using Document to Go on my PalmOS for years, it's even more useful on my Android.
I have been using Document to Go on my PalmOS for years, it's even more useful on my Android.
I have been using Document to Go on my PalmOS for years, it's even more useful on my Android.
I can't use it when I have no signal at work as it checks my account on opening. Daft.
Absolutely terrible editor to work with documents. Only useful for reading but not for editing. Since ver 3, significantly slows down Droid X
Absolutely terrible editor to work with documents. Only useful for reading but not for editing. Since ver 3, significantly slows down Droid X
Absolutely terrible editor to work with documents. Only useful for reading but not for editing. Since ver 3, significantly slows down Droid X
Absolutely terrible editor to work with documents. Only useful for reading but not for editing. Since ver 3, significantly slows down Droid X
Very un-intuitive. Simple editing requires so many steps its like a file search. Doesn't work properly w/andoid or swype keyboard
This is a great app! Fully fuctioning excel and word docs. Would give it 5 stars if it would allow me to attach more than 1 file to an email.
This is a great app! Fully fuctioning excel and word docs. Would give it 5 stars if it would allow me to attach more than 1 file to an email.
This is a great app! Fully fuctioning excel and word docs. Would give it 5 stars if it would allow me to attach more than 1 file to an email.
This is a great app! Fully fuctioning excel and word docs. Would give it 5 stars if it would allow me to attach more than 1 file to an email.
This is awesome, at this point all I could ask for in a mobile office app
This is awesome, at this point all I could ask for in a mobile office app
I had given this program a 5. Now with the new update it doesn't work at all. The free application is gone when replacing with update and it won't
I had given this program a 5. Now with the new update it doesn't work at all. The free application is gone when replacing with update and it won't
It works ok but working in a Word Document is very awkward. You must toggle to get a keyboard and then you get a little box to type in.
Does as describes. Transfers files from computer to my Droid for editing,create new files, or view from other sources.
Does as describes. Transfers files from computer to my Droid for editing,create new files, or view from other sources.
Does as describes. Transfers files from computer to my Droid for editing,create new files, or view from other sources.
Does as describes. Transfers files from computer to my Droid for editing,create new files, or view from other sources.
Says it works with Motorola Backflip. Has not been able to open one file yet. Even with Word. It says file corrupt on every file.
Great app just got better with 3.0! Thank you. Please add ability to open .csv files in Excel for 5th star :)
The best just got better - Gdocs support is a great upgrade. If I could have only one app, this would be it.
The best just got better - Gdocs support is a great upgrade. If I could have only one app, this would be it.
Does anyone know how to save a file in the 2004 file format if you got it in 2008 format? I see how to change the option for a new file not old.
The absolute best app I have. The latest update moved this from a four star to a five star easy. GREAT JOB!
Excellent applications with Word, Excel and PowerPoint not to mention viewing PDF. I'm glad I purchased the full version. Droid 1
Excellent applications with Word, Excel and PowerPoint not to mention viewing PDF. I'm glad I purchased the full version. Droid 1
Pretty good, but Sheets doesn't handle multi-line text in cells and PDF viewer is fuzzy at max zoom.
Nice update!! Only thing is that it force closes when trying to sync with gdocs Samsung vibrant
Nice update!! Only thing is that it force closes when trying to sync with gdocs Samsung vibrant
New upgrades with google docs are SUPER. Excellent app, been using for blackberry, only needs edit text files.
Awesome, downloaded the full key first, but it wont let me download the main. Error 404
Ver.3.1 very impressive update. Google docs access. Formatting and editing tools very good. The office suite for Android.
Ver.3.1 very impressive update. Google docs access. Formatting and editing tools very good. The office suite for Android.
Ver.3.1 very impressive update. Google docs access. Formatting and editing tools very good. The office suite for Android.
Ver.3.1 very impressive update. Google docs access. Formatting and editing tools very good. The office suite for Android.
New update is awesome. Much easier to use pdf with zoom. Use it for school all the time.
Docs to go is basically pretty awesome. It just got better by syncing with gdocs.
This app is actually worth the price they charge for the full version! That's a rarity.
This app is actually worth the price they charge for the full version! That's a rarity.
This app is actually worth the price they charge for the full version! That's a rarity.
This app is actually worth the price they charge for the full version! That's a rarity.
This app is actually worth the price they charge for the full version! That's a rarity.
Absolutely fantastic! Has Google Docs support! Makes my phone extremely powerful!
Absolutely fantastic! Has Google Docs support! Makes my phone extremely powerful!
Absolutely fantastic! Has Google Docs support! Makes my phone extremely powerful!
Absolutely fantastic! Has Google Docs support! Makes my phone extremely powerful!
The new update is excellent. New look is great. Also the hide key icon is awesome. HTC EVO
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
Great must have app for word and excel users. They need to improve the interface in terms of search but it is otherwise a great program.
Sick update. Would like desktop sync over wifi and also would like dropbox integration. Some force closing. Pdf still slow.
Office suite well worth the money! No PDF creation or editing. Update: 3.0 improved ui, & pc sync but only usb. Also gdocs sync AWESOME. Amazing $10!
This is one of the best apps in the market. It works great on my Nexus one and my Vibrant. Great update! Try it yourself!
This is one of the best apps in the market. It works great on my Nexus one and my Vibrant. Great update! Try it yourself!
This is one of the best apps in the market. It works great on my Nexus one and my Vibrant. Great update! Try it yourself!
This is one of the best apps in the market. It works great on my Nexus one and my Vibrant. Great update! Try it yourself!
This is one of the best apps in the market. It works great on my Nexus one and my Vibrant. Great update! Try it yourself!
Love the new interface and ability to work on google docs!! Purchased the older version and really happy with the update.Worth more than what I paid!
Love the new interface and ability to work on google docs!! Purchased the older version and really happy with the update.Worth more than what I paid!
Excellent app. Powerpoint editing is a little lacking, but Word and pdf functionality is fantastic!!
Dataviz lied, said can be downloaded on replacement phone. I had to buy it again after geting new phone. No tech support,no response after many emails
Good App. Only one i could find to support inserting comments. Needs to allow track changes, move to sd support and spellcheck for 5 stars
My only gripe is that on my storm, everything I have to pay for on the Droid2, was free.
No cloud support such as google docs like the apple app what a ripoff at $14 without this feature also doesn't sync to docs to go desktop software
No cloud support such as google docs like the apple app what a ripoff at $14 without this feature also doesn't sync to docs to go desktop software
So terrible i cant begin to describe! Why isnt there features and visuals similar to ipads document processors. Dell Streak
Love it, but needs the option to move to SD. I need to free up space on my phone.
This is the most important application on my phone behind the email and calendar functions. It allows me to be fully engaged while away.
This is the most important application on my phone behind the email and calendar functions. It allows me to be fully engaged while away.
Works great for viewing blueprints while on the go or creating doc. Great app for Evo 4G
Works great for viewing blueprints while on the go or creating doc. Great app for Evo 4G
Purchased app thinking u cd put on SD Card. Says it's 4MB & it's taking up 8MB of space on ph & u can't put on SD??? RIDICULOUS!! PLS FIX! Mot Droid.
I have used this app for awhile and give it two thumps up...fyi...it took some getting use too thou...but its worth it...
For some reason in the spreadsheet when you try to enter a number the keyboard flips back to ABC after you enter the first number. Annoying.
For some reason in the spreadsheet when you try to enter a number the keyboard flips back to ABC after you enter the first number. Annoying.
For some reason in the spreadsheet when you try to enter a number the keyboard flips back to ABC after you enter the first number. Annoying.
I love this app!!! When my laptop crashed this program helped me out of a hole! 5 stars this is incredible
I love this app!!! When my laptop crashed this program helped me out of a hole! 5 stars this is incredible
Please add ability to sync and open/add docs to dropbox and other online sync services.
I got fully riped off, does not even load, no phone support when you call. No refund, 100% criminal
I used this app without any problems on my Blackberry Tour and have just installed it onto my Droid Incredible.A really great app for MS Office users!
Does everything advertised. For business professionals well worth the price. HTC Aria
Email function doesnt always work. And how about a spell checker tool? Otherwise,workes great. I no longer need my computer thanks to this app.
Would be nice if wouldnt need to have 2 icons just to have this but that is all i can complain about.
This is the best office app available! It really does what its supposed to, with real professionalism.
This is the best office app available! It really does what its supposed to, with real professionalism.
This is the best office app available! It really does what its supposed to, with real professionalism.
So easy to use and so efficient! I use it at all my meetings and conferences.
Decent to good program but switching back & forth from selection mode to keyboard is time consumming, cumbersome, & annoying. Also NO TABBING!
Decent to good program but switching back & forth from selection mode to keyboard is time consumming, cumbersome, & annoying. Also NO TABBING!
Outstanding MS Office app for android! Word & Excel function superbly. Worth the $ for full.
In numeric cells, I switch to number keyboard and it makes kb switch back to alpha after typing one digit. Makes spreadsheets useless. 5* otherwise.
In numeric cells, I switch to number keyboard and it makes kb switch back to alpha after typing one digit. Makes spreadsheets useless. 5* otherwise.
Would give it 4 stars if I could delete files from my phone. Otherwise for being the only app like it it's okay.
It infact can sum. When a cell is selected open menu and select functions. To delete files get estrong file explorer. It is lacking plots in excel.
So helpful for school and work. Turns my droid into a pocket notebook. Total lifesaver
For it being on a phone it is really good and the word is nice thats what i got it fore
For it being on a phone it is really good and the word is nice thats what i got it fore
Purchased the full version for the edit feature only to find out that the program does not support the formulas in my spreadsheet.
I love everything!!! I can edit my work, and not even have to have my computer!!!
I love everything!!! I can edit my work, and not even have to have my computer!!!
I love everything!!! I can edit my work, and not even have to have my computer!!!
Would ne five stars except for two issues. 1) don't autostart at phone boot and 2) add ability to edit plain text file in Word2Go like you had in Palm
Would ne five stars except for two issues. 1) don't autostart at phone boot and 2) add ability to edit plain text file in Word2Go like you had in Palm
This App is a dream come true. I have been doing alot of writing lately. Could it get an update for spell check though? I kant speel gude (:
This App is a dream come true. I have been doing alot of writing lately. Could it get an update for spell check though? I kant speel gude (:
Free version Would not open on samsung vibrant Full version would not find or open docs. Use ThinkFree Office and downloaded free pdf app. instead.
Used to work with mu Gmail bit switched to work email with active sync and never works. Money wasted at this point. Please fix.
Works great, easy to use, all of the basic functions of a Microsoft package, great for college work and business work alike. 5*
No way to print from phone. Needs this functionality to be truly useful for roadwarriors.
No way to print from phone. Needs this functionality to be truly useful for roadwarriors.
Used on BBerry, now on Droid Incredible. Indispensable. Free is nicely done, but paid is a real step above. Be nice to have touch resizing.
I am a huge fan in the Documents to go app. Very nice having the ability to create, edit and delete contents in the few Microsoft tools integrated. T!
I am a huge fan in the Documents to go app. Very nice having the ability to create, edit and delete contents in the few Microsoft tools integrated. T!
This is the coolest application i've ever used i especially like a feature where you can speak and it types
Got the app install, worked fine then when i reopened the app it went to the download screen and would not let me past it.
Love it! For when my boss send me things through email or even creat a template wish it had Outlook to go along with it!
Love it! For when my boss send me things through email or even creat a template wish it had Outlook to go along with it!
Love it! For when my boss send me things through email or even creat a template wish it had Outlook to go along with it!
Works great need to remember to install the free version first. Would like to see a sync option.
Love this app. No app for the Palm Pre so I got an HTC EVO and it works great. Would like to see a printing feature.
Love this app. No app for the Palm Pre so I got an HTC EVO and it works great. Would like to see a printing feature.
Love this app. No app for the Palm Pre so I got an HTC EVO and it works great. Would like to see a printing feature.
Great software, but some basic functions arent available like =weeknum(). Open documents dialogue should have an open by folder option.
I was able to type my resume so I could have it on file! A+++
I was able to type my resume so I could have it on file! A+++
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
Can't install it...click link and it takes me back to what i have already installed. Droid x
D2Go for Android is 5 steps BACKWARDS in technology. No desktop sync. Sucks. What era are we living in.
D2Go for Android is 5 steps BACKWARDS in technology. No desktop sync. Sucks. What era are we living in.
Stellar App. You get so much of the full functionality you would in full excel.
Excellent app. Works well and fast. Full functionality well worth the small cost. HTC wildfire
Excellent app. Works well and fast. Full functionality well worth the small cost. HTC wildfire
Excellent app. I appreciate the work you have put in put developing this. Well. Worth the money. Thanks, MB Dell streak.
Excellent app. I appreciate the work you have put in put developing this. Well. Worth the money. Thanks, MB Dell streak.
Great app, had it on my bb , l hope it works as well on HTC.
Great app, had it on my bb , l hope it works as well on HTC.
Can' t edit text pasted from another app. like "Easy Note." No Backspace key in Swype either. Pitty Dataviz forced me to buy this app twice.
Does what it says. Great app worth the money. Need to have unpaid version as well for it to work.
Very practical! Is there a way to get more fonts and insert clip art or pics?
Really need to remove at least one of the icons when you have paid for the full version
I've tried all the apps and this one works the best. Only one to work on a Word file with multiple charts and tables embedded. Droid X
I've tried all the apps and this one works the best. Only one to work on a Word file with multiple charts and tables embedded. Droid X
Works much better than I expected. Highly recommended for those like me who are still bound to their Microsoft files.
Works much better than I expected. Highly recommended for those like me who are still bound to their Microsoft files.
Love this app comes in handy when looking for a job, keepng my resume on Doc2Go. CAN YOU REMOVE THE 2ne ICON OUT OF THE app drawer.
Best I have seem for android. Worth the money if you handle multiple docs as I do
Best I have seem for android. Worth the money if you handle multiple docs as I do
Best I have seem for android. Worth the money if you handle multiple docs as I do
Has worked great. I do wish I could pinch to zoom while viewing PDF files. Other than that.... no complaints. dInc
Would be nice if it even opened. It just keeps sending me to download it even though its installed.
Would be nice if it even opened. It just keeps sending me to download it even though its installed.
Until the new version comes along, it'll be tough to evaluate. THIS version is FAR less capable than my earlier Palm Treo version!
Until the new version comes along, it'll be tough to evaluate. THIS version is FAR less capable than my earlier Palm Treo version!
Until the new version comes along, it'll be tough to evaluate. THIS version is FAR less capable than my earlier Palm Treo version!
Had to uninstall, kept getting error that web page did not exsist. Never coulb get it to work
Had to uninstall, kept getting error that web page did not exsist. Never coulb get it to work
Had to uninstall, kept getting error that web page did not exsist. Never coulb get it to work
Have used for 6 months and it is great for on the go viewing of documents.
Have used for 6 months and it is great for on the go viewing of documents.
What a great app! Worth the money! Absolutely functional. Takes care of just about anything on-the-go! 5*!!!
C'mon already...release version 3! I like version 2, but the improvements in Version 3 are sorely needed to keep this on par with the iPhone version.
C'mon already...release version 3! I like version 2, but the improvements in Version 3 are sorely needed to keep this on par with the iPhone version.
Does not work. Once installed directs me to finish downloading to a web page with error. Please fix. EVO
Perfect! Ever think about integrating with Google Docs? That would be beyond perfect.
Love this app, don't have to wait till I get to a computer to write a paper or create a ppt....best app on the market hands down! Well worth the mone!
Wow ! I was not expecting this ! Grab this now whilst its discounted - an absolute bargin !!!!!!!
Pretty good package...the pdf viewer is better than Adobe's mobile option from the marketplace. I would like to see ability to create bookmarks.
Pretty good package...the pdf viewer is better than Adobe's mobile option from the marketplace. I would like to see ability to create bookmarks.
Great editing, but inferior to iPhone version. Can't access Google Docs or Dropbox items from browser. Give me access to cloud files, get 3 more stars
Wish you could edit pdf. I had this on my g1. Hated to pay for it again but did
Wish you could edit pdf. I had this on my g1. Hated to pay for it again but did
Wish you could edit pdf. I had this on my g1. Hated to pay for it again but did
@cliff. Download a file manager (Astro file manager) to your phone. You'll have access to any file on the SD card.
Love it! I can work on my term papers on the go. Now, if there was only a way to email them from my phone in the form of an attatchment. Hmmmmm....
would be.better if you could move it to SD card. Can't open some PDF files; hard to change from PDF file to word to go
Good but flawed. For example, you cannot preview document with keyboard open while in landscape mode. Samsung vibrant
Top notch! Thank you. Would like to suggest integrating with MS Live Skydrive for alternate storage or backups. Again, Thanks for the great product!
Top notch! Thank you. Would like to suggest integrating with MS Live Skydrive for alternate storage or backups. Again, Thanks for the great product!
Top notch! Thank you. Would like to suggest integrating with MS Live Skydrive for alternate storage or backups. Again, Thanks for the great product!
Top notch! Thank you. Would like to suggest integrating with MS Live Skydrive for alternate storage or backups. Again, Thanks for the great product!
Great app work flawlessly on moto Droid 2.2 couldn't live without it. More than worth the price
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
After download, asking me to download key and cannot open. Attempted to download key, no option. Uninstalled it and requested a refund....Droid X.
Fantastic app. I can take and edit all my docs and presentations wherever I go. Easy to open from gmail.
I love it. With the paid key to unlock more than 'read' functions, I can do every office task I need on a phone.
I love it. With the paid key to unlock more than 'read' functions, I can do every office task I need on a phone.
Works well for most everything but will not open xls format. Xl works fine bur no xls
Please add a Google Docs conduit for loading/saving our files, also OASIS OpenDocument support please! All my spreadsheets are .ods!
Please add a Google Docs conduit for loading/saving our files, also OASIS OpenDocument support please! All my spreadsheets are .ods!
This app is not capable of editing an existing file. It needs a LOT of tools it does not have like hi-lighting, cutting, pasting, moving, by touch .
Stable and works well. Num lock does not always remain enabled, copying entire spreadsheet and creating forumlas not as easy as Excel. Evo.
Stable and works well. Num lock does not always remain enabled, copying entire spreadsheet and creating forumlas not as easy as Excel. Evo.
Worth every cent, easier to use than Google docs when you need to mobile edit your MS Word or Excel docs. Evo.
Fantastic ap!! Much better than blackberry ap in terms of editing and creating documents.
Cannot get it to work on Android 2.1. To load it keeps going back to same page, like a dog chasing his tail.
Cannot get it to work on Android 2.1. To load it keeps going back to same page, like a dog chasing his tail.
Cannot get it to work on Android 2.1. To load it keeps going back to same page, like a dog chasing his tail.
Im loving it on my samsung moment. My husband has it on blackberry pearl and he loves it 2.
Used Docs2Go (since long ago) with my Palm Treo. It has become expected. The Treo has lost product support - this is on Android - Docs2Go work GREAT!
Excellent product for what it does. I just wish e-mailing files was more intuitive. It is under the file menu, but should really be under a share menu
With 2.2 in place Docs To Go should evolve to the SD Card. Great App, at the right price. Thanks, tp...
Moved from my Blackberry to Android Incredible because It's a great App. Never had any problems.
Moved from my Blackberry to Android Incredible because It's a great App. Never had any problems.
LOVE THIS PROGRAM! can view, edit and create Excel & Word files easily. Not a single bad thing with program.
This is a great product; however does not work with PDF files well. Pdfs created in the new program won't open on this app. Needs improving.
Got docstogo because quickoffice doesn't allow copy/paste. But, docstogo doesn't allow viewing email attachments from anything other than gmail
Got docstogo because quickoffice doesn't allow copy/paste. But, docstogo doesn't allow viewing email attachments from anything other than gmail
Great app!!!!! I have tried all the 'office' documents and have stress tested it....works awesome. Tha Bomb!
They can send a man to the moon but they can't make a pdf reader for android with bookmarks, page flow, search the doc, contents & last page viewed!
They can send a man to the moon but they can't make a pdf reader for android with bookmarks, page flow, search the doc, contents & last page viewed!
They can send a man to the moon but they can't make a pdf reader for android with bookmarks, page flow, search the doc, contents & last page viewed!
Love this app. It helps me when I am running behind on class work or just my actual work... dont have to take everthing home its all on my phone.
Very happy with this program. It's been very important for me to find a good Windows office type app. I'm very pleased with this program. Thank yuo.
Free Adobe PDF app is much preferred. Very limited zoom size; searches in large files are extremely slow, especially compared to free Adobe & HTC's.
Free Adobe PDF app is much preferred. Very limited zoom size; searches in large files are extremely slow, especially compared to free Adobe & HTC's.
Free Adobe PDF app is much preferred. Very limited zoom size; searches in large files are extremely slow, especially compared to free Adobe & HTC's.
This is not the same app as the Palm version, and it's beyond me why dataviz would let you create documents BUT NOT DELETE THEM!!!
This is not the same app as the Palm version, and it's beyond me why dataviz would let you create documents BUT NOT DELETE THEM!!!
Works...But, interface is rudimentary, and provides extremely LIMITED ABILITY (very basic), when actually creating NEW documents
I can't edit my document it keeps saying copied to clip board and is completely useless to me need help. HTC Eris. Email me if you can make it work
Very nice ap! But you don't have option to insert date. You have to put it in..
Very nice ap! But you don't have option to insert date. You have to put it in..
Very nice ap! But you don't have option to insert date. You have to put it in..
Downloaded and got caught in a loop that kept cycling thru download pages. For $15, should be easier. Uninstalling.
This is the best program i've ever bought it really works with Microsoft Word, Adobe Acrobat, and Xcell.
A must have! Makes it easy to not be strapped to a PC or stuck in an office.
A must have! Makes it easy to not be strapped to a PC or stuck in an office.
A must have! Makes it easy to not be strapped to a PC or stuck in an office.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
No updates in more than six months - leaves dedication to improve product in doubt.
Nearly impossible to create a useful spreadsheet. Can't fill formulas. Also, can't switch keyboards while editing.
Nearly impossible to create a useful spreadsheet. Can't fill formulas. Also, can't switch keyboards while editing.
Nearly impossible to create a useful spreadsheet. Can't fill formulas. Also, can't switch keyboards while editing.
Superb in almost every way! Only flaw I've found is inability to bookmark a pdf on an android G1.
Superb in almost every way! Only flaw I've found is inability to bookmark a pdf on an android G1.
A little tricky. You need to install the free version first. Afterwards go back in and download the upgrade. It will work great then. Billybob
Doesn't do what is says will not edit PDF file and the screen keyboard does not work.
Could not get it to take the license key. Looped back to the market place. Downloaded the free version and then the full version and it took the key.
I have used this program for a few months. It has worked great on my DROID! I love it.
Very usefully program. Others would not open word attachments as clear and easy as this one. I checked all others. 1 more star if add word to PDF conv
Very usefully program. Others would not open word attachments as clear and easy as this one. I checked all others. 1 more star if add word to PDF conv
Would like to see a toolbar with bold, italic, centre, keyboard tab options, also double-tap to highlight a word. Otherwise 5 stars.
Would like to see a toolbar with bold, italic, centre, keyboard tab options, also double-tap to highlight a word. Otherwise 5 stars.
for the people who cant get it install download the free copy and then run paid. it works great
At first it kept looping on the install and unlock but after installing the full and then the trial, I opened a doc with the trial and then unlocked
At first it kept looping on the install and unlock but after installing the full and then the trial, I opened a doc with the trial and then unlocked
I repurchased your app a second time and still won't work. Fix the problem! Please!.
DO NOT BUY THIS APP! This company will take your money and keep your key. Despite online tech, forum, and land line calls, they will ignore you!
Wouldn't open all the sheets on my xls docs. Too hard to switch between sheets, just wasn't functional
Spectacularly helpful for anyone on the go. I edit papers, projects, and spreadsheets for school all the time. Well worth the money. Moto Droid.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Can not delete files. That seems like a huge miss to me! Also why no way to passcode lock documents or the application.
Unsupported & poorly documented. Cannot get past the install. It is in an endless loop
This company does not support there products! You cannot call the company nor do they reply to emails.
Works like a charm. Opens 2007 documents on the fly for.quick editing on the go
Works like a charm. Opens 2007 documents on the fly for.quick editing on the go
Awesome as ever on my Droid X & MotoDroid running DroidMod 1.0. Money well-spent. Keep up the good work!
Have used on previous phones so was not expecting trouble. Was surprised to find I had to Google up instructions to get download to work. Am happy now
Has problems with some of the popular swipe type keyboards. Cannot change the keyboard in the app itself, unlike other android apps
Good solid program, best doc viewer/editor on the mkt. Does not open pword protected docx files even when u buy the full vers. Pdfs better in adobe.
Great App, far better and much more user friendly than officesuite pro. Well worth paying just under a tenner for the editing part.Highly recommended
Love app but really needs to offer app that combines key and free version takes up 2 much space (esp for those still using a G1)
Very good would like to see pinch zooming applied and I noticed other version display graphics better. Very stable on moto droid.
Works really well. Makes your android phone into a netbook! Absolutely essential after getting pdf and powerpoint support.
Doesn't handle new Office 2007/2010 .docx which cripples it quite a bit. If someone attaches a .docx to email you are out of luck.
Great app. Worka great on my evo. No longer have to get out the lap top to view these doc's well worth every penny.
Go to thier website to get the full version otherwise you may have to pay twice if you update to 2.1 otherwise freat app
Go to thier website to get the full version otherwise you may have to pay twice if you update to 2.1 otherwise freat app
Go to thier website to get the full version otherwise you may have to pay twice if you update to 2.1 otherwise freat app
Go to thier website to get the full version otherwise you may have to pay twice if you update to 2.1 otherwise freat app
I used Docs to Go on a palm for years but was disappointed when it wasn't available for the Palm Pre. I'll glad I switched to Android.
Getting better with each update. Dataviz is truely a professional software company. Cant wait for pdf and ppt support.
Getting better with each update. Dataviz is truely a professional software company. Cant wait for pdf and ppt support.
So far, so good. I use this app for an online class that i'm currently taking. Whether it's downloading material or sending it, it's work well.
I purchased this & downloaded & installed it. All it does is an infinite loop telling me to click on a button to download it. Over & over POC!
Personally I would like to see a to do list with this application. After that its perfect.
Personally I would like to see a to do list with this application. After that its perfect.
Personally I would like to see a to do list with this application. After that its perfect.
absolutely wonderful, a true lifesaver when working on research papers. Looking forward to future development. Droid incredible.
absolutely wonderful, a true lifesaver when working on research papers. Looking forward to future development. Droid incredible.
My one and only desire from it is to be able to access my google documents.
NOW its a smart phone! This makes me leave the giant laptop at home. Love at first use. Finished my homework at the bowling alley.
Every time I try to open a Excel file,the following message appears; 'an internal error has occurred (2027)
Can't imagine not having it. Switched easily from my windows mobile platform to Android. Motodroid
Best document app in the market. Use it all the time. Works with new office files too from office 2010
Worth the money. Pleasantly surprised by interface and functionality, given no mouse or stylus.
Worth every penny! Stop fooling with free apps, and get one that handles Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and PDF's just like you're sitting at your PC.
Can't open it moto droid...OK opened!! This is a great product.. I didn't want to install the tryout version first in oder to download the main. ..wel
This is great. Used with other Phones. Have not found anything that works this good.
Too expensive and not nearly as intuitive as iPhone application. Can't wait. Until january
Quite possibly the worst tech support of an app on the Droid market. After paying your money you have to go on a rabbit hunt to find the key.
Quite possibly the worst tech support of an app on the Droid market. After paying your money you have to go on a rabbit hunt to find the key.
No app should be past 5 dollars. Lower price and ill give 5 stars. Unbelievabley greedy.
Does what it says it will do. Slow if you need to do alot of formatting.
Does what it says it will do. Slow if you need to do alot of formatting.
Does what it says it will do. Slow if you need to do alot of formatting.
Does what it says it will do. Slow if you need to do alot of formatting.
Works with all the basic office programs necessary in today's school/working environment. Convenience of on the go read, create, edit, & email attch.
Have a Droid Incredible & works great. Just make sure you download the free version first before purchasing.
Would love to have an app to print doc on wireless printers. Great company. Have been using them on palms since 7 years ago. Worth every penny.
Would love to have an app to print doc on wireless printers. Great company. Have been using them on palms since 7 years ago. Worth every penny.
First rate, fully functional, no problems or FCs on HTC G1. A must have...but get the unlock key too, for full advantages. JMKnight
Great app been using it for years, worked well on blackberry & works well on Android!
This app worked 1 day and has not been working since then. There are no more updates for it. Would NOT recommend.
This app worked 1 day and has not been working since then. There are no more updates for it. Would NOT recommend.
This app is great, I edited a 56 page doc on my big screen Evo using this app & it allowed me to "track changes", insert comments, and view graphics
This app is great, I edited a 56 page doc on my big screen Evo using this app & it allowed me to "track changes", insert comments, and view graphics
This app is great, I edited a 56 page doc on my big screen Evo using this app & it allowed me to "track changes", insert comments, and view graphics
This app is great, I edited a 56 page doc on my big screen Evo using this app & it allowed me to "track changes", insert comments, and view graphics
Excellent tool and great reliability. You can't beat it for MS Office compatibility.
Excellent tool and great reliability. You can't beat it for MS Office compatibility.
Useful app, is not perfect but I am very happy with it. Everything works the way it should
Combine this with Drop Box and you have a powerfull office tool. Only gripe are the 2 icons in my app drawer.
This is one of the BEST, MUST HAVE apps anywhere. I very rarely use a computer anymore *my touch*
This is one of the BEST, MUST HAVE apps anywhere. I very rarely use a computer anymore *my touch*
Great program. Need to have the free version installed for it to work. Tech support at Data Viz is outstanding for any problems w/ installation.
I would give it 5 stars if only i could unlock individual cells. Seems a waste to have sheet protection without a way to do that.
I would give it 5 stars if only i could unlock individual cells. Seems a waste to have sheet protection without a way to do that.
The actual app WILL NOT download to my phone! I want a refund, Or for it to work.
The actual app WILL NOT download to my phone! I want a refund, Or for it to work.
The actual app WILL NOT download to my phone! I want a refund, Or for it to work.
The actual app WILL NOT download to my phone! I want a refund, Or for it to work.
@Brian, try an app called ATTACH EMAIL. I believe that let's you attach docs that are in your droid.
@Brian, try an app called ATTACH EMAIL. I believe that let's you attach docs that are in your droid.
Would give it a 5 but there is no way to attach a document from my Droid and email it.
Just had surgery on my back yesterday and was stuck in bed and unble to get to my desktop & don't have a laptop. So I re-wrote my resume on my droid.
Once I edited a file, it would not send. Tried to open the file attachment in the email and it said it didn't exist.
Once I edited a file, it would not send. Tried to open the file attachment in the email and it said it didn't exist.
Once I edited a file, it would not send. Tried to open the file attachment in the email and it said it didn't exist.
A great app! Especially if you're in school, email your assignments to your teachers when you're not home!
Great application - started to use it on my Sony CLIE and four devices later I am still happy to pay for it.
Great application - started to use it on my Sony CLIE and four devices later I am still happy to pay for it.
Motorola Droid. This app works wonderful for my purposes. Only thing is I cannot delete unwanted documents w/o computer access
If you are having an issue down loading it from the key like I was make sure that you turn mobile browsing on in the internet options.
Very useful app. Now i have the option to leave my laptop behind if i travel and still want doc editing ability. Moto droid
Works well on Mytouch...would be great if templates were available! Otherwise....great app!
Works well on Mytouch...would be great if templates were available! Otherwise....great app!
Works well on Mytouch...would be great if templates were available! Otherwise....great app!
Works well on Mytouch...would be great if templates were available! Otherwise....great app!
I love having the ability to create and edit documents on the go. I certainly don't regret this purchase!
I use spreadsheet to keep track of expenses. Used all other trial versions on android market, but thisis the best. Pay the money and stop searching
It would be really cool if they could sync with google docs. Some sort of cloud capability..
It would be really cool if they could sync with google docs. Some sort of cloud capability..
No facility to download from googledocs or network computer. Why is it not as good as ipad version? Too pricey, ipad version lot cheaper.
Great app. Easy to use and offers a lot I'd usability when not at a comp.
Don't expect much for a phone version. Happy with what I got but needs update ASAP for .typex documents.
What a crappy app, really screwed me tonight. 10 bucks for a whorthless app, i will be uninstall
I paid for this app. It previously worked without a hitch on my Droid Eris. Since upgrading to Droid v.2.1, however, I cannot open the app at all!
There is no capability to delete the file. You have to delete it through your computer (plugged in) via your SD card. Cannot delete through program.
Great app for students...but a few suggestions...1) should be able to view ppt slide notes 2) need more editing features 3) can't insert pics
Great app for students...but a few suggestions...1) should be able to view ppt slide notes 2) need more editing features 3) can't insert pics
Exactly what I needed. Perfect for writing thing on the go. The only thing its really missing is a spell-check. Great job!
Exactly what I needed. Perfect for writing thing on the go. The only thing its really missing is a spell-check. Great job!
This is a must have application. The interface is perfect, it functions flawlessly, and it puts you in control of your documents.
This is a must have application. The interface is perfect, it functions flawlessly, and it puts you in control of your documents.
This is a must have application. The interface is perfect, it functions flawlessly, and it puts you in control of your documents.
This is a must have application. The interface is perfect, it functions flawlessly, and it puts you in control of your documents.
This is a must have application. The interface is perfect, it functions flawlessly, and it puts you in control of your documents.
This is a must have application. The interface is perfect, it functions flawlessly, and it puts you in control of your documents.
Great app for students. Love doing papers on the couch on my phone. Super sweet
Would love more help with the slide app aka power point as in putting pics in for a slide show
Would love more help with the slide app aka power point as in putting pics in for a slide show
After thorough us. This app is a must for people who edit office docs. This program saves me time and has worked flawlesslyfor me. Thanks so much!
Where would I be without u! Makes emailing and receiving docs a breeze on my htc magic, I no longer have to cart my laptop everywhere I go "
Best app out there! I used to have windows mobile and now my Droid does everything for me. Is there app for washing my Harley
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
Motorola droid will open the pdf files, but i can not view them......tables with no data, etc......
Solid app, used it for years with Palm OS, same great experience with my Droid.
I absolutely love this app. Well worth the price! I use it to edit, read, and create documents constantly.
WHAT A BARGAIN.. GOT IT FOR 5 BUCKS.. USED IT ONCE.. WORKED BETTER THAN WINDOWS..
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
To bypass 404 error for EVO, download trial direct from DocsToGoWebsite. Run n accept setting for app install outside goog markets. Rerun n buy key
I downloaded it and everytime I hit install I get a 404 message, can anyone advise? Thank you
I'm a very aggressive Droid user having to feild texts while driving and this program is like finding a new freedom....maybe like falling in love!
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
Hasn't been able to read a pdf attachment yet, waste of money without full pdf support. Beamreader is better if you don't need excel.
The best office suite for android. Opens everything, and keeps formatting pretty much spot on. Reliable - has never forced closed. Worth the purchase.
This app is awesome! It came in handy so much during school. I don't know what I would do without it
This app is awesome! It came in handy so much during school. I don't know what I would do without it
Excel locks and crashes. PDF is unable to open pages other than first on large documents with embedded photos
DTG is the best mobile doc app, and has held the title since my first PalmPilot. MotoDroid.
DTG is the best mobile doc app, and has held the title since my first PalmPilot. MotoDroid.
DTG is the best mobile doc app, and has held the title since my first PalmPilot. MotoDroid.
love the app. helps me keep my work files with me. wish I could highlight PDF files
love the app. helps me keep my work files with me. wish I could highlight PDF files
Purchased then uninstalled due to required download web page showing 404 error. Will try again later and re-rate.
Have tried a lot of free alternatives, this far exceeds them. Glad it was on sale though... still not worth $29.99!
Great in every way but one. It's a bit annoying having two icons for it in the app drawer when you buy the full version. Still worthy of 5 stars.
Great in every way but one. It's a bit annoying having two icons for it in the app drawer when you buy the full version. Still worthy of 5 stars.
Great in every way but one. It's a bit annoying having two icons for it in the app drawer when you buy the full version. Still worthy of 5 stars.
Great app, but not quit done, there's no way to delete files you no longer want. Add please!
It works, but nearly as great as it was on my older Palm devices. I hope the Android version catches up soon.
Saved me so many times. Only wish there were't two icons in the app drawer.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Word support is great, Excel is alright, PowerPoint doesn't support shapes, and the PDF reader is fast but can't zoom right.
Worth the money. I used it on my BB and it is better on the Incredible.
Worth the money. I used it on my BB and it is better on the Incredible.
Worth the money. I used it on my BB and it is better on the Incredible.
Worth the money. I used it on my BB and it is better on the Incredible.
Finally able to kick the computer during short trips. This app does everything that I need.
Outstanding app. Turns my phone into a powerful little computer. I would recommend this app to anyone!! Droid
Outstanding app. Turns my phone into a powerful little computer. I would recommend this app to anyone!! Droid
Outstanding app. Turns my phone into a powerful little computer. I would recommend this app to anyone!! Droid
Outstanding app. Turns my phone into a powerful little computer. I would recommend this app to anyone!! Droid
Outstanding app. Turns my phone into a powerful little computer. I would recommend this app to anyone!! Droid
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
Works great. Even got me out of a pinch when i was on the road. Must have.
World great and has saved my bacon several times already. On of my most used apps.
World great and has saved my bacon several times already. On of my most used apps.
World great and has saved my bacon several times already. On of my most used apps.
World great and has saved my bacon several times already. On of my most used apps.
I am a nursing student and I am always away at work, school, or clinical. This ap let's me look at lectures and presentations.
This is a good app I do a lot of business from my phone and this is the reason I bought the moto Droid because I was going for a windows phone
This is a good app I do a lot of business from my phone and this is the reason I bought the moto Droid because I was going for a windows phone
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Does not open all pdf files, unfortunately this company feels that it is above having any contact with its paying customers. Looking for a better ap.
Seems worth the money. Will give five stars if they remove the extra icon and provide pinch and zoom support.
This app. is great. Exactly what I needed to do spread sheets on the go.
This is JUST what I've been looking for. My phone has now replaced everything I take with me except my wallet and keys.
Great app. Works well on my X10. Would be perfect if i could move between sheets with an excel workbook.
Love it, but please get rid of the second icon when you purchase the key. Two shortcuts to the same thing are useless.
This app has all the functionality of all Microsoft programs like word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc. I would like save support for Microsoft '09 or '10.
Been using it for years. Love it. Used first on the storm, now using it on the droid.
Great app but please add auto capitalization. and a few more upgrades in the view area for word and excell
Great app but please add auto capitalization. and a few more upgrades in the view area for word and excell
Awesome app thanks for all the hard work and effort put into these apps Dev.
I cant believe i just got this for 5.55. I loved DTG back with my Palm Treo and i love this one too.
Should say up front it doesn't work with android pop or imap program. I don't want all my mail to come through gmail for this to work...
Should say up front it doesn't work with android pop or imap program. I don't want all my mail to come through gmail for this to work...
I use it everyday and support has been right there when I needed them love it.
I use it everyday and support has been right there when I needed them love it.
I use it everyday and support has been right there when I needed them love it.
I love this product, i had it on my Q and now for my droid. It is fast and easy to use
I love this product, i had it on my Q and now for my droid. It is fast and easy to use
The 5$ sale was the best thing to happen to this app! 100% worth it!
The 5$ sale was the best thing to happen to this app! 100% worth it!
The 5$ sale was the best thing to happen to this app! 100% worth it!
Agree w/ Hybrid in the dual icons. Absolutely worth paying $30. If only we could hook this w/ a projector!
Needs option to hide second icon quite badly as its quite annoying to look at.
My rating is now 5. Thank you devs for fixing the bug that prevented me from viewing pdf files in my emails. Bought on moto droid.
My rating is now 5. Thank you devs for fixing the bug that prevented me from viewing pdf files in my emails. Bought on moto droid.
Would be five star if it didn't try to open my calendar invites as garbled attachments. And the dual app tray icons are redundant.
Worth the price 100% This app is great!! I can view and even EDIT my powerpoint presentations on the go. I can also do the same for Word!! It's great!
Anyone else bothered by the fact that you get two separate icons in your app drawer? Irritating...
You need to download the free version of docs to go, then once it's downloaded you will see that the features have been unlocked
You need to download the free version of docs to go, then once it's downloaded you will see that the features have been unlocked
YEESSS!! Now I can pay for this great app and stop using an old cracked copy! I've always loved this app but it was expensive. This is a great deal!!!
YEESSS!! Now I can pay for this great app and stop using an old cracked copy! I've always loved this app but it was expensive. This is a great deal!!!
YEESSS!! Now I can pay for this great app and stop using an old cracked copy! I've always loved this app but it was expensive. This is a great deal!!!
YEESSS!! Now I can pay for this great app and stop using an old cracked copy! I've always loved this app but it was expensive. This is a great deal!!!
YEESSS!! Now I can pay for this great app and stop using an old cracked copy! I've always loved this app but it was expensive. This is a great deal!!!
YEESSS!! Now I can pay for this great app and stop using an old cracked copy! I've always loved this app but it was expensive. This is a great deal!!!
Great program. This version is easy to use. Works as well as the Palm and Blackberry versions I used before.
Great program. This version is easy to use. Works as well as the Palm and Blackberry versions I used before.
Love it! And formulas are supported... I use formulas all the time. It is just a subset though and would love to see more support
Love it! And formulas are supported... I use formulas all the time. It is just a subset though and would love to see more support
Well worth it! Recommend scan2fdf - free app that turns ur phone's camera into pdf files. Great app!!!!
This app is a waste of money. Email attachments in word should be a basic function, not a road block. Totally useless.
Excellent product! Coming from a blackberry this app is essential as a mobile office tool.
Excellent product! Coming from a blackberry this app is essential as a mobile office tool.
Excellent product! Coming from a blackberry this app is essential as a mobile office tool.
Best I have seen until Microsoft gets its act together. Works great on my incredible.
Really great for light use and text only. Can't do anything too complicated, but that's expected.
Really great for light use and text only. Can't do anything too complicated, but that's expected.
Really great for light use and text only. Can't do anything too complicated, but that's expected.
So far no issues and it supports advanced formulas and functions in Excel. Just need an easy hook into dropbox and Google docs
I have used Documemts to go since my first Palm Pilot. I have always had excellent results and great functionality on the 5 devices I have used it on
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
One of those must have app's. Allows me to be productive without carrying may laptop.
Amazing application! Stable and performs its function for portable editing and viewing of documents.
Amazing application! Stable and performs its function for portable editing and viewing of documents.
Amazing application! Stable and performs its function for portable editing and viewing of documents.
Awesome app! Its the most I've ever spent on an app, but its one of the first times I didn't regret it
Wish i didnt have to have two icons in my app drawer. The full version key icon does nothing other than open the same app. Please fix!!
It would be great if i could delete my file I created on my Droid
It would be great if i could delete my file I created on my Droid
It would be great if i could delete my file I created on my Droid
Very functional. Good for opening attachments from emails and viewing documents from websites.
FiretrUCKING awesome. Only wish there is a way 2 get a "full sceen" view mode 4 the PDF & PowerPoint viewer.
Great apparently specially when traveling. By far best all-around document view program. Carlos
Great apparently specially when traveling. By far best all-around document view program. Carlos
Great apparently specially when traveling. By far best all-around document view program. Carlos
I purchased the unlock key & I have to download the application & install it in order to use it everytime I start the application
First used this app on a Palm, its really great to find it here, and for such a reasonable price
Good, well polished app that should really come with all Heroes. Only complaint so far is that Excel, even the full version, doesn't have word wrap.
Good, well polished app that should really come with all Heroes. Only complaint so far is that Excel, even the full version, doesn't have word wrap.
Good, well polished app that should really come with all Heroes. Only complaint so far is that Excel, even the full version, doesn't have word wrap.
Good, well polished app that should really come with all Heroes. Only complaint so far is that Excel, even the full version, doesn't have word wrap.
Great app! For creating you have to get past physical limits of devices. But for viewing stuff created elsewhere on phone it's the best!
Still loving this app after about 4 months ownership. No lag on a stock g1 at all. Love using this app on the go. Definitely 5*'s all around for me.
I'm using the M Droid and trying to read a 42 page pdf and the program wants to load all pages into ram and can't. Don't use for large pdf's.
I love this version. Works well with my Droid phone. I had docs to go on old PDA phone, so was excited to are it offered for droids.
It ran fine on my Droid (2.1 update 1) with no lag. Can do the basics and then some that Office can. Lets me take work with me & have 24hr access
The best im able to download all my school work to work on it on my phone
The best im able to download all my school work to work on it on my phone
The best im able to download all my school work to work on it on my phone
The best im able to download all my school work to work on it on my phone
Excellent application very handy for college students like myself who do not always have access to my laptop. Definitely worth the price.
This is the smartest purchase I ever made! I get so much more work and studying done because of it! Definitely worth the money!
This is the smartest purchase I ever made! I get so much more work and studying done because of it! Definitely worth the money!
This app is great for those who need to view Office files on the go but I had to give it 1 star because it litters the launcher with 2 icons.
-1 for cost and -1 for slow pdf reader. +3 for great Word and Excel app!
-1 for cost and -1 for slow pdf reader. +3 for great Word and Excel app!
Needs to be able to scan a document via the camera for a pdf file
Needs to be able to scan a document via the camera for a pdf file
One of the best app on the market. Will be useful one way or the other. The UI is great. Nice and clean but due to the huge size.. 7plus MB uninstall.
One of the best app on the market. Will be useful one way or the other. The UI is great. Nice and clean but due to the huge size.. 7plus MB uninstall.
Need help documents will not send from the e mail document tab under file. it will say sending but never send
Need help documents will not send from the e mail document tab under file. it will say sending but never send
Top notch app. A must have if you do alot of document editing & if can you afford it! I should drop a star for the price increase! Try it 1st befor
Top notch app. A must have if you do alot of document editing & if can you afford it! I should drop a star for the price increase! Try it 1st befor
Top notch app. A must have if you do alot of document editing & if can you afford it! I should drop a star for the price increase! Try it 1st befor
Excellent. Works flawlessly. Anyone having problems may need to rethink having such an advanced phone. User Error could be the only problem with this.
Awesome! Only two things. Ability to view header/footer (i.e., for resumes) and add pics to ppts when creating. Still beautiful program! Worth the $
Works great! If you guys can come out with a pdf and pps viewer as good as this it would definately be a great buy
Works great on the Moto Droid. Used this on many other operating systems and this is by far my best experience using DocumentsToGo.
Only downside - when copy/pasting a block of text, footnotes don't copy, citations are lost. Aside, this app works great, does everything well! 4 1/2
Only downside - when copy/pasting a block of text, footnotes don't copy, citations are lost. Aside, this app works great, does everything well! 4 1/2
Only downside - when copy/pasting a block of text, footnotes don't copy, citations are lost. Aside, this app works great, does everything well! 4 1/2
Can't goto particular pages in word by typing page #. Also, pdf viewer doesn't remember the page you were on when you minimize app.
Wouldn't be without it! Tried a free PDF viewer that wouldn't open - Docs To Go open all files flawlessly - had it on Blackberry and now on MotoDroid
Wouldn't be without it! Tried a free PDF viewer that wouldn't open - Docs To Go open all files flawlessly - had it on Blackberry and now on MotoDroid
Works good. Ended up with 2 I cons I can't do anything about getting rid of 1. They charged me twice.
Probably the most useful app. Great for students I just download lectures and study on the go. Can u add option to add picture to ppt?
Works like a dream but can't this and the main app be merged into one rather than having 2 apps doing the same thing?
Works great. I filled out my resume,and e-mailed it through my phone. How kick a** is that?
Works great. I filled out my resume,and e-mailed it through my phone. How kick a** is that?
Worth the money, does what it says and does it well, few thing that it cant do, but worth buying for what it does. Droid
Worth the money, does what it says and does it well, few thing that it cant do, but worth buying for what it does. Droid
Pdf viewer didn't work with this app on windows mobile. It does not with android either for this app. Get beam reader. Word and excel good.
I hope it supports Google docs in the future. Anyway, It's. awesome & good price compare to desktop PC's office products.
Excellent! Not cheap but worth it if you use Office and need your documents with you.
Excellent! Not cheap but worth it if you use Office and need your documents with you.
Excellent! Not cheap but worth it if you use Office and need your documents with you.
Excellent! Not cheap but worth it if you use Office and need your documents with you.
I can't live without it! When my computer breaks I can always use this instead of panicking and finish my things that nneed to be typed!
This program is great for those who want to have a Microsoft's Office in your phone!
This program is great for those who want to have a Microsoft's Office in your phone!
This program is great for those who want to have a Microsoft's Office in your phone!
This program is great for those who want to have a Microsoft's Office in your phone!
This is great. Now I can take all my notes with me since they're in powerpoint and pdf form
Doesn't autosave and does shut down in the middle of writing so you will lose some thoughts. There are more problems, but there's no other app like it
Awesomw app. I use it a lot for school. Teachers are always posting assignments and info and its great to be able to do assignments on the go
Awesomw app. I use it a lot for school. Teachers are always posting assignments and info and its great to be able to do assignments on the go
Awesomw app. I use it a lot for school. Teachers are always posting assignments and info and its great to be able to do assignments on the go
this is the greatest app for android. I like that I got it on sale.
this is the greatest app for android. I like that I got it on sale.
this is the greatest app for android. I like that I got it on sale.
this is the greatest app for android. I like that I got it on sale.
does everything it says it does perfectly. Must have for students, def. worth ten bucks.
does everything it says it does perfectly. Must have for students, def. worth ten bucks.
does everything it says it does perfectly. Must have for students, def. worth ten bucks.
This app allows me to invoice for work without returning to my office. Edit mode needs a quicker way to access the keyboard though.
MUST HAVE-worth the $9.99 to unlock the much needed features. I like freebies but I believe in paying a bit more for quality & convenience.
MUST HAVE-worth the $9.99 to unlock the much needed features. I like freebies but I believe in paying a bit more for quality & convenience.
Works great! But there in no way to indent at the begging of a paragraph which kinda sucks...
When it works it's wonderful; I too updated the purchased version...can't open and my files seem to be gone ARGH
Awesome app. Takes a second to figure out but great when you do. Had docs to go on my centro now on my hero. Worth 9.99
Awesome app. Takes a second to figure out but great when you do. Had docs to go on my centro now on my hero. Worth 9.99
I love it!! I can update work docs anywhere:) very handy for peeps always traveling:)
I love it!! I can update work docs anywhere:) very handy for peeps always traveling:)
Love this app! Allows me to view, edit, and most importantly email documents via my moment phone. Very important business function. Worth 10 bucks!
I like it alot. Not being very tech-y, I'd like a user- friendly Help button.
I like it alot. Not being very tech-y, I'd like a user- friendly Help button.
Awesome, definitely worth the money. MS Office functionality been only issue w/Android till now.
Awesome, definitely worth the money. MS Office functionality been only issue w/Android till now.
Awesome, definitely worth the money. MS Office functionality been only issue w/Android till now.
Awesome, definitely worth the money. MS Office functionality been only issue w/Android till now.
Awesome, definitely worth the money. MS Office functionality been only issue w/Android till now.
A must have app for any smartphone user. Works like a champ. An app you can not afford to be without.
A must have app for any smartphone user. Works like a champ. An app you can not afford to be without.
A must have app for any smartphone user. Works like a champ. An app you can not afford to be without.
A must have app for any smartphone user. Works like a champ. An app you can not afford to be without.
I would 5 star if this app didnt put two unnecessary icons in my tray. Becomes an eye sore
3 stars for right now. If it opens my PPT 2morrow i'll give it 4 or 5
Wow, what a waste. Trying to open a PowerPoint file is impossible. Granted it was a pretty big file, but i can't find any info on their site, yelch
The only one to use for a g1 it is the best I seen and easiest to use
The only one to use for a g1 it is the best I seen and easiest to use
The only one to use for a g1 it is the best I seen and easiest to use
Best doc app available. MS application docs and. PDF's. All in one bundle, excellent.
Best doc app available. MS application docs and. PDF's. All in one bundle, excellent.
I keep getting neg aray size excep after I load and work on a doc. All is then lost.
Great on my Droid. Allows me to open ebooks that are downloaded and sent through email! GRET APP! Worth every penny!
Great on my Droid. Allows me to open ebooks that are downloaded and sent through email! GRET APP! Worth every penny!
Great it work perfect, now I can open my PDF emails and Power point on the go. And I can used excel to keep track on my daily cash. Thanks
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
For us in the US Army, having the ability to open .tif and PureEdge/XDFL would be amazing. Great App overall though!!!! Thank you
Great app but wish it could also read apple pages,keynote,numbers without having to change the format
I have had it only one day and already cant do without it. Who needs a windows phone when you have this.
For those asking, to delete a document just use a file manager like astro and delete the file :)
I do love this app, but I also wish there was a way to delete documents. Suspect it has to be done through pc. (Nexus 1)
I do love this app, but I also wish there was a way to delete documents. Suspect it has to be done through pc. (Nexus 1)
I do love this app, but I also wish there was a way to delete documents. Suspect it has to be done through pc. (Nexus 1)
I do love this app, but I also wish there was a way to delete documents. Suspect it has to be done through pc. (Nexus 1)
I do love this app, but I also wish there was a way to delete documents. Suspect it has to be done through pc. (Nexus 1)
I do love this app, but I also wish there was a way to delete documents. Suspect it has to be done through pc. (Nexus 1)
Would be nice if it could sync to Google Docs, but otherwise this is the best doc editor. Worth the price.
Would be nice if it could sync to Google Docs, but otherwise this is the best doc editor. Worth the price.
Would be nice if it could sync to Google Docs, but otherwise this is the best doc editor. Worth the price.
Awesome stuff but my work is too complex for this type of app currently  will look for it again when more updates and features available  good job dev
Awesome stuff but my work is too complex for this type of app currently  will look for it again when more updates and features available  good job dev
Its a great app, but its so annoying to need a second and permanent icon just to get the key.
Its about time! I had been waiting for this app since day one and was on the verge of dropping the g1 to go back to my pocket pc.
$30 is a bit steep, but its a fully functional mobile version of MS Office, and office costs much more than $30.
$30 is a bit steep, but its a fully functional mobile version of MS Office, and office costs much more than $30.
This app is a must have. Let's me make documents for my site and papers for school. Thanks DataViz for all the hard work!
This app is a must have. Let's me make documents for my site and papers for school. Thanks DataViz for all the hard work!
This app is a must have. Let's me make documents for my site and papers for school. Thanks DataViz for all the hard work!
@IrishTalian, that's the risk of buying a product. Have you tried contacting them for a refund, they might be nice to offer a compensation...
Excellent resource for viewing most MS Office apps. Can't handle SmartArt feature in Office 2007 files,especially PowerPoint.
Excellent resource for viewing most MS Office apps. Can't handle SmartArt feature in Office 2007 files,especially PowerPoint.
Short a star due to a(n artificial) limitation on Word: it should (attempt to) open any file I choose, especially TXTs and other text files.
Paid $50 for this app on a blackberry and only $15 for my droid. Works great on droid.. needs to sync with google docs.
This apparently crashes gmail on the Droid when you attempt to email a doc from this program.
This apparently crashes gmail on the Droid when you attempt to email a doc from this program.
This apparently crashes gmail on the Droid when you attempt to email a doc from this program.
Needs integration with google docs like iPhone version. Also, I would LOVE bookmarks for my pdf files. That would make the pdf viewer a viable reader.
Great for saving-editing docs etc.. But unable to permanently delete saved word/excel sheets. Even when using a file manager.
Great for saving-editing docs etc.. But unable to permanently delete saved word/excel sheets. Even when using a file manager.
A must have app for business users. For some reason, app does not associate with the new file extensions (.docx, .xlsx) so U can't open as attachment
Pricey but well worth it. Was able to edit and send my timesheet in while on a road trip!
Pricey but well worth it. Was able to edit and send my timesheet in while on a road trip!
One of the best all around programs for handling documents etc. Wish it was easier to delete ones you dont want anymore.
Awesome! (Droid Eris) BTW, a simple workaround for those complaining about deleting & renaming - use Astro file manager (another must-have app anyway)
Everything you need for MS office functionality on the go. Works great with roadsync for the android.
This program opens doc and pdf files that others did not. Works great on the Droid. I look forward to updates. Thank you!
The more I use this program on my Droid, the less I need my laptop. Great program.
This app was a life saver for me. So much of my work is done in Office programs, and this has given me great functionality.
How do i get a worddoc? i pick "choose file" in the program but only photos.etc on sdcard show up. When i open mygmail thers no download option
How do i get a worddoc? i pick "choose file" in the program but only photos.etc on sdcard show up. When i open mygmail thers no download option
How do i get a worddoc? i pick "choose file" in the program but only photos.etc on sdcard show up. When i open mygmail thers no download option
Improvments previously mentioned will obviously improve this product, but i give 5 stars for the discounted price.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
This is a "must have" app for school, business and personal productivity. Needs more shortcuts, though.
Very convenient app, purchased on sale so even better. Would be nice to have spellcheck on it though!
Very convenient app, purchased on sale so even better. Would be nice to have spellcheck on it though!
Thought this wasn't supposed to work on POP mail attmts, but it DOES! Worth getting on sale! Gave me power functionality I needed.
Hands down the best app on my phone. Completed a heavy workload during a five hour wait in an emergency room. Awesome app.
Hands down the best app on my phone. Completed a heavy workload during a five hour wait in an emergency room. Awesome app.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
Excellent app. I have been using Quick Office for the past 4 years and this blows QO out of the water.
This product will not allow me to send my documents via email. I need support and help with this!
This product will not allow me to send my documents via email. I need support and help with this!
Does not allow editing of XLS files with formulas or PDFs. Defeats the purpose of paying the full price.
Great program. It was only $10 so it was worth the money. The PDF reader alone was worth the money and the rest was a bonus
Great program. It was only $10 so it was worth the money. The PDF reader alone was worth the money and the rest was a bonus
Great app! Makes keeping track of all your office related items a cinch. Could use ability to edit notes in ppt though.
Great app! Makes keeping track of all your office related items a cinch. Could use ability to edit notes in ppt though.
The best! I get an assignment, and I can start typing it right away! Plus, I can continue typing on my computer after and back!
The best! I get an assignment, and I can start typing it right away! Plus, I can continue typing on my computer after and back!
The best! I get an assignment, and I can start typing it right away! Plus, I can continue typing on my computer after and back!
The best! I get an assignment, and I can start typing it right away! Plus, I can continue typing on my computer after and back!
The best! I get an assignment, and I can start typing it right away! Plus, I can continue typing on my computer after and back!
Worth the money, great app anyone who uses execl reguarly needs this app. Some flaws.
Worth the money, great app anyone who uses execl reguarly needs this app. Some flaws.
Worth the money, great app anyone who uses execl reguarly needs this app. Some flaws.
Worth the money, great app anyone who uses execl reguarly needs this app. Some flaws.
worth every penny!! great app. works fluidly...wish I could now erase one of the two apps that shows up in my app drawer....its stupid that it needs 2
worth every penny!! great app. works fluidly...wish I could now erase one of the two apps that shows up in my app drawer....its stupid that it needs 2
worth every penny!! great app. works fluidly...wish I could now erase one of the two apps that shows up in my app drawer....its stupid that it needs 2
Can finally do my homework without waiting for my sister to get off of Facebook.
Can finally do my homework without waiting for my sister to get off of Facebook.
Can finally do my homework without waiting for my sister to get off of Facebook.
I use it every day. It is pretty good. I would expect that a full version that allows to edit should allow a spell-check. I do not see how to do it...
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
I've use documents to go on all smartphones I have had. Still the same great product and does the trick! Moto Droid user.
Works OK but won't open docx. Also would have expected a spell checker. Also can't display word as originally layed out. Automatically wraps sentences
Love the ability to use full versions of excel, etc., ESPECIALLY the ability to password protect files.
Love the ability to use full versions of excel, etc., ESPECIALLY the ability to password protect files.
One of the only must-have paid apps. Get it quick while it's still on sale!
I'm a long time user (back to the Palm III days)....this is a "must have" app!
I'm a long time user (back to the Palm III days)....this is a "must have" app!
I'm a long time user (back to the Palm III days)....this is a "must have" app!
Good, but needs to support existing file formats better and to add support for other common file types such as .rtf and for editing / creating PDFs.
Good, but needs to support existing file formats better and to add support for other common file types such as .rtf and for editing / creating PDFs.
Great app. I love it. But i need to be able to delete save files on it. If at all possible it would also be nice to be able to create PDF docs.
Good effort but not yet ready. Doesnt display graphics well and has bugs. Should still be a beta. Will install again after update.
it's ok but if there is any unsupported component then the whole file becomes read only. you can't even copy/paste plain text cells.
I used to have a touch pro, the droid lacked this over the touch pro, with this, my droid went from a toy to a business tool, thanks
I used to have a touch pro, the droid lacked this over the touch pro, with this, my droid went from a toy to a business tool, thanks
I used to have a touch pro, the droid lacked this over the touch pro, with this, my droid went from a toy to a business tool, thanks
I used to have a touch pro, the droid lacked this over the touch pro, with this, my droid went from a toy to a business tool, thanks
Had it on my Treo and it's just as necessary here if you get email attachments. Must have app.
Had it on my Treo and it's just as necessary here if you get email attachments. Must have app.
Had it on my Treo and it's just as necessary here if you get email attachments. Must have app.
This is a good product so far. The only down fall is it does not support microsoft project. This would be very helpful since it has all the others.
This is a good product so far. The only down fall is it does not support microsoft project. This would be very helpful since it has all the others.
It did not open a docx file and an excel spreadsheet came up blank. I could only see the xls from another app.
Absolutely fantastic! Just what the Android OS needed to improve chances of becoming a mobile professionals new OS!
Absolutely fantastic! Just what the Android OS needed to improve chances of becoming a mobile professionals new OS!
Extremely useful. I'm a student and having this kind of power at my fingertips is the whole reason I bought the droid in the first place. Perfect!
Works perfect on motodroid. Hope noone else buys it till I get it on my other Droid for $9.99!
Really good! Im able to open word document that use for homework and Im able to create files and email them! Must have for any business person.
Really good! Im able to open word document that use for homework and Im able to create files and email them! Must have for any business person.
Really good! Im able to open word document that use for homework and Im able to create files and email them! Must have for any business person.
Great app for viewing & creating docs. Just would request the developer make it that only 1 icon is needed for the paid version of the app.
If youre a student and you dont have this app,you dont know it exsists. Worth every last penny.
If youre a student and you dont have this app,you dont know it exsists. Worth every last penny.
If youre a student and you dont have this app,you dont know it exsists. Worth every last penny.
If youre a student and you dont have this app,you dont know it exsists. Worth every last penny.
If youre a student and you dont have this app,you dont know it exsists. Worth every last penny.
Excellent as all i can describe for using on thee droid. Eliminated traveling with a laptop.
Excellent as all i can describe for using on thee droid. Eliminated traveling with a laptop.
I'd have even paid the 30 $ . If you have an android device and are a student. You NEED this.
I'd have even paid the 30 $ . If you have an android device and are a student. You NEED this.
I'd have even paid the 30 $ . If you have an android device and are a student. You NEED this.
Made sure I was 1 of the 50k for the 9.99 deal perfect app is a life saver when u forget a paper for class & need to print it at the library
Made sure I was 1 of the 50k for the 9.99 deal perfect app is a life saver when u forget a paper for class & need to print it at the library
Essentially turns your android device into a fully featured computer! Intuitive, funcional office integration! Must have app! - Droid
Essentially turns your android device into a fully featured computer! Intuitive, funcional office integration! Must have app! - Droid
Why wont it open html files anymore? It used to and now it doesnt, how lame!
A bargain at the current sale price. I remember this came pre-installed on my Treo 650 all those years ago. Happy to have it on Android now.
Great value at $10 - hope you can keep the price down. Very useful app - thanks!
Great value at $10 - hope you can keep the price down. Very useful app - thanks!
Great value at $10 - hope you can keep the price down. Very useful app - thanks!
I was expecting the pdf reader to be average but exceeded My expectations. Great for college students
This app is a must and should come as an O.E install for the Droid. Great Job guys!
This app is a must and should come as an O.E install for the Droid. Great Job guys!
I bought to view pdf documents, but it keep force closing when trying to open a simple one. Will find another app.
You can't go wrong with creating doc's from the Motorola Droid. I think it's the best app on the android market. It will definitely help with collage.
You can't go wrong with creating doc's from the Motorola Droid. I think it's the best app on the android market. It will definitely help with collage.
Great App! Needs toolbar,spellcheck ,add pic function,read all PDF attachments, delete file option, & print options! Otherwise, AWESOME!! Great price!
This saved me, I was In first hour with a power point do the next hour that I hadn't began. This saved me, thanks
Was reluctant at first, but definitely the most useful app I've purchased. Dataviz is awesome
Was reluctant at first, but definitely the most useful app I've purchased. Dataviz is awesome
Very useful app, I can convert business documents and use them while mobile. I highly recommend this app for business and even personal use.
Bought this for unforseeable emergencies, but its hard to ignore the 2 icons. Does the separate 'key' app reduce piracy at all?
There is no instructions for creating a power point slide show. The help page is very limited.
I am glad I found it. I had this on my BBTour and was missing it.
I am glad I found it. I had this on my BBTour and was missing it.
I am glad I found it. I had this on my BBTour and was missing it.
I paid more than the current sale price for this package, and I love it. :-) Use it every day.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
Great. Tons of features. Got it on sale for $10, which is much more reasonable than the regular price.
I had this on my Blackberry. And changed phone's and numbers there should have been a way to get credit but it was worth buying again
I had this on my Blackberry. And changed phone's and numbers there should have been a way to get credit but it was worth buying again
I would like to be able to work in two or more files at the same time. Ex. Copy data from excel and paste in new doc. Great program though.
Works awesome would just like to be able to have a shortcut or widget to a specific document
Operates great, does what it says, love it, but I've had to register it at least 10 times.
Love it....now I can do school work anywhere. GREAT!!! for moms on the go.-misstymica
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
I can't open pdf files on my g1 with this program. Everything else works great though.
Does everything I need it to on my Droid. Editing and creating Excel files is simple.
Does everything I need it to on my Droid. Editing and creating Excel files is simple.
Nifty! No joke works very well. I am very interested in Google docs sync functionality.. hopefully it will be added!
No spell check. Can't do things like borders or fills. Kinda limited on a lot considering the price.
This program is sauce!! Perfect for people on the go and especially for students needing to finish those last minute reports.
This program is sauce!! Perfect for people on the go and especially for students needing to finish those last minute reports.
This program is sauce!! Perfect for people on the go and especially for students needing to finish those last minute reports.
This is the app that fills out my droid so i don't need to pack my laptop. Excellent!
This is the app that fills out my droid so i don't need to pack my laptop. Excellent!
Its pricey for an app, but it is one of those any you must have. And for a smooth running app, i will pay. I would like spell check in word.
Very cool. Would be nice to put pics in power point but afterall it is just a phone
Great app, would like to see a print option with wireless printers for work on the go.
Great app, would like to see a print option with wireless printers for work on the go.
Great for any on the go student. Really helps when I'm stuck somewhere and have work due in the following weeks. Great App 5*s
Outstanding you have real craft! Thanks for everything your app provides me. Body_marks
Great app! Full functionality of word, ppt, etc. is absolutely essential on the smart phone.
Great app! Full functionality of word, ppt, etc. is absolutely essential on the smart phone.
Great app! Full functionality of word, ppt, etc. is absolutely essential on the smart phone.
Love this app. Great mobile tool for the office. How do you change the font size for PowerPoint
Excellent application, but way overpriced! I will be FURIOUS if this is ever offered at a lower price after I paid for it.
Just installed the app....its great for the price it just like having ur own little portable pc
It has real issues in that it saves in 2008 format but will not open that format after it has been saved, Hence, it is just a good reader.
Great package that works well w/ MS formats. Use it on Palm Treo and spreadsheet had charts. Hoping droid will support graphing soon as free update.
Great package that works well w/ MS formats. Use it on Palm Treo and spreadsheet had charts. Hoping droid will support graphing soon as free update.
Great package that works well w/ MS formats. Use it on Palm Treo and spreadsheet had charts. Hoping droid will support graphing soon as free update.
Great package that works well w/ MS formats. Use it on Palm Treo and spreadsheet had charts. Hoping droid will support graphing soon as free update.
Great package that works well w/ MS formats. Use it on Palm Treo and spreadsheet had charts. Hoping droid will support graphing soon as free update.
Love this app. It does just what it says it can do. Makes my phone ultra powerful.
Love this app. It does just what it says it can do. Makes my phone ultra powerful.
Works great on my samsung moment but it does need away to delete or lock so anyone can look at ur doucments
Long-time user from Palm. Basic function should be on everything called a "smart" phone. Cut-and-paste not as natural as the stylus-based edits.
Awsome, works great. Perfect for working on papers on the go. For $15, who could go wrong!
Excellent MS Office support, been a fan since my Palm OS days. But please add OpenOffice support!
Waited for this app to come and it finally did now im a happier user of the G1
Very useful product but there does not appear to be a way to delete files
Supports more excel features than I thought! The ONLY reliable way to download/send .doc, .xls, .pdf files via gmail I'm aware of!
I edit lots of documents and I do lots of highlighting. This product works great.
I needed a mobile solution for viewing and editing an Excel spreadsheet while away from the office. This does exactly what i need.
Software does a lot but I wish it had better instructions. It takes a great deal of time to figure out each function.
I got it for spreadsheet and pdf to bill my hours and read work orders, it does a great job. I wish i could chose to save spreads in the older .xls
Won't open Powerpoint (.pps) or an Excel 2002 files in email attachments. For $30 it's not very full featured.
Its definitely a great app, but too much money, especially for people who will use it once in a blue moon... like me. (Droid)
Its definitely a great app, but too much money, especially for people who will use it once in a blue moon... like me. (Droid)
Its definitely a great app, but too much money, especially for people who will use it once in a blue moon... like me. (Droid)
Its definitely a great app, but too much money, especially for people who will use it once in a blue moon... like me. (Droid)
A little pricey but definitely worth it. I have yet to try and send an attachment (Droid)
I used palm for six years and granted the functionality is not the same but the interface cannot be beat. I love it.
I used palm for six years and granted the functionality is not the same but the interface cannot be beat. I love it.
Superb. This app has allowed me to write entire film script on the go. Thank you so much for this app. James
Worth every penny. A great app that i used to use on a Win Mobile platform, but readability is much better with my large Mo Droid screed.
Worth every penny. A great app that i used to use on a Win Mobile platform, but readability is much better with my large Mo Droid screed.
Worth every penny. A great app that i used to use on a Win Mobile platform, but readability is much better with my large Mo Droid screed.
Nothing like the version I had on PALM. Impossible to select text for editing, etc. Needs a lot of development to get to the product I knew ..
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
Terrible. Less than worthless- damaging. Docs created with this app may instantly corrupt, losing all your work and time.
I hate that I need the free version for this app to work (-4 stars). Absolutely unacceptable for a $20 app. DO NOT BUY
Absolutely a great app for anyone who uses docs on a frequent basis. Great for the business user. Worth the $$$
Works great, needs a little better interface for managing saved files, otherwise great, worth the money.
Works great, needs a little better interface for managing saved files, otherwise great, worth the money.
Works great, needs a little better interface for managing saved files, otherwise great, worth the money.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
It's a very nice app that's both responsive and easy to read. No rtf support is very disappointing however.
I had this on my Palm Treo years ago and am disappointed. This version is missing so much functionality. Hopefully they will improve this.
I had this on my Palm Treo years ago and am disappointed. This version is missing so much functionality. Hopefully they will improve this.
This app is great it does everything I need it to do, great if you work on the go!
This app is great it does everything I need it to do, great if you work on the go!
This app is great it does everything I need it to do, great if you work on the go!
Turns your droid into a mobile office. I mainly use the pdf viewer and totally love it. GreaT on droid bc of the high res screen.
Unable to read large pdf files (17-35 MB). Nowhere does it state max file size.... why am i paying $$ to view big red X marks??
Excellent program. My first paid app for Motor Droid and happy with the results. Has opened all my files, including PDF.
Great App! I would love to see a small toolbar for quick edits like italics, bold and such. Otherwise it's perfect!
Great App! I would love to see a small toolbar for quick edits like italics, bold and such. Otherwise it's perfect!
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
The antidote to incoming MSOffice files: DocumentsToGo opens and displays the lot! Also very handy for modifying or completing files while on the move
I have used Dataviz products for many years on the Palm platform and so i am pleased to see one of my favourite apps ported to the Android platform.
Using Docs to Go, along with Astro file manager, makes the Droid a phone that I can actually use for email. Thanks.
Using Docs to Go, along with Astro file manager, makes the Droid a phone that I can actually use for email. Thanks.
Does not open docx, and other MS Office 2007 apps. Not keeping up makes me unproductive from the road. Gotta keep up with changes to apps.
Does not open docx, and other MS Office 2007 apps. Not keeping up makes me unproductive from the road. Gotta keep up with changes to apps.
Does not open docx, and other MS Office 2007 apps. Not keeping up makes me unproductive from the road. Gotta keep up with changes to apps.
Great. App there are no issue thus far with Droid 2.0.1, and author continually provides updates.
Great. App there are no issue thus far with Droid 2.0.1, and author continually provides updates.
Great. App there are no issue thus far with Droid 2.0.1, and author continually provides updates.
Great. App there are no issue thus far with Droid 2.0.1, and author continually provides updates.
I have solved my problem. This app is FANTASTIC if only i could change the font type...
I have solved my problem. This app is FANTASTIC if only i could change the font type...
I have solved my problem. This app is FANTASTIC if only i could change the font type...
Works & compatible. Needs the ability to turn off full recalculation after every entry & manually force recalculations. Too much waiting for recalc.
Works & compatible. Needs the ability to turn off full recalculation after every entry & manually force recalculations. Too much waiting for recalc.
Works great, view, edit, save, and email office documents. Connect to computer, find documents folder to remove files. Very easy.
awesome software, only thing i can't figure out is deleting a file i no longer want.
awesome software, only thing i can't figure out is deleting a file i no longer want.
awesome software, only thing i can't figure out is deleting a file i no longer want.
Did this block corporation accredited email. The only change to M Droid prior to no corporation email.
Did this block corporation accredited email. The only change to M Droid prior to no corporation email.
Very good for what I require, but could use improvement for PDF handling. Presentation for xls and doc files is superb.
Very good for what I require, but could use improvement for PDF handling. Presentation for xls and doc files is superb.
Essential to get the most from your phone. Issues with pdf attachments, otherwise great.
Doesn't open attachments on its own. You will be directed to another app of theirs that you have to buy. Very shady.
It's a very useful program, but I would really like to see spell check added. I can't stand misspellings. Also, text aligntment would be nice.
Did not work on my I-Touch. Purchased the full version and it would not open word or pdf files.
It crashes sense on my hero when I try to use the live folder and its kind of annoying that it take up two spots in my program list. Overall, good app
A little awkward to use but that is expected compared to a laptop version. It is great in a pinch and that is what i need it for.
I am having problems with some PDF files that are otherwise readable on my PC. One just says there was an error and others have blank pages w red X's
I am having problems with some PDF files that are otherwise readable on my PC. One just says there was an error and others have blank pages w red X's
Best app ever and most useful. Works beautifully without any prblems. Beyond well worth the $14. Get it now while its on sale or youll regret it later
Love it! Wish it showed the page num and had a goto page feature. Also super annoying bug on my Moto-Droid; flipping screen snaps to 1st page.
App crashes more than anything else on my phone. I feel robbed for spending ten dollars for garbage.
App crashes more than anything else on my phone. I feel robbed for spending ten dollars for garbage.
Force close on moderate sized Excel Sheets (1mb), even with plenty of RAM/SD headspace.
Excellent app. Glad I caught it on sale. I use the excel all the time for work. Well worth the money.
Excellent app. Glad I caught it on sale. I use the excel all the time for work. Well worth the money.
Excellent app. Glad I caught it on sale. I use the excel all the time for work. Well worth the money.
Needs to retain actual filenames of attachments and not the current "attachment.xxx" for every file you want to save from inbox. Get rid of key icon.
Needs to retain actual filenames of attachments and not the current "attachment.xxx" for every file you want to save from inbox. Get rid of key icon.
Needs to retain actual filenames of attachments and not the current "attachment.xxx" for every file you want to save from inbox. Get rid of key icon.
Did my final with this app because my computer died a week before I started. Great on droid
I don't know about the other raters, but i think docs to go is great! It's a great buy and does all the office functions you could possibly need
Probably the best app in this market next to Google Apps. Trust me... you get what you pay for, and you get a fantastic app.
Probably the best app in this market next to Google Apps. Trust me... you get what you pay for, and you get a fantastic app.
Why are there two icons after upgrading? I like your product and all but don't need two icons. Please fix!
.docx and xlsx support = 5 stars. Great app on my iPod Touch and great app on my Droid. A must have.
.docx and xlsx support = 5 stars. Great app on my iPod Touch and great app on my Droid. A must have.
***Would be nice to have a formatting toolbar in the Word editor. Also, it's too cumbersome to go long hold for otherwise simple actions. Fix :)
Great app and great customer service! Works on my Aspire One with Android os too.
Great app and great customer service! Works on my Aspire One with Android os too.
Great app and great customer service! Works on my Aspire One with Android os too.
The support team goes WAY BEYOND the call of duty to meet the customer's needs. Thanks to Laura & to everyone else for your prompt response.
Excellent program, well worth the money spent once i figured out what i was doing wrong...
Was good till i got an error: java.io.EOFException when trying to open a .doc file from word mobile. Any help with this DataViz?
Was good till i got an error: java.io.EOFException when trying to open a .doc file from word mobile. Any help with this DataViz?
Excellent product. Used years ago on my old Palm. Glad to have it back. Thanks for te sale.
This is a must have for anyone on the go. I love it especially at $9.99
I have been already in love with this app since I've use it in my palm for many years. Now is in my MT3G and it works perfect. Use it every day. I lov
I have been already in love with this app since I've use it in my palm for many years. Now is in my MT3G and it works perfect. Use it every day. I lov
It only took 2 minutes to fall in love with this application. If you use office docs, this is a must have.
It only took 2 minutes to fall in love with this application. If you use office docs, this is a must have.
It only took 2 minutes to fall in love with this application. If you use office docs, this is a must have.
It only took 2 minutes to fall in love with this application. If you use office docs, this is a must have.
Best office app out there. hope they keep improving. Open and edit docs just fine.
Best office app out there. hope they keep improving. Open and edit docs just fine.
Best office app out there. hope they keep improving. Open and edit docs just fine.
Great application, just wish there was an option to change fonts size, format,color.
Absolutely worth having. Its actually more usefully on android then it was on windows mobile. Wish it had spell check but that's not on WM either
I work with PP all the time at school and work. And being able to work in excel is huge. But glad I waited to buy this program cuz I got it on sale.
AWESOME APP! Works perfect on my Droid & looks good! Paid only 10$ with special & worth it for sure.
AWESOME APP! Works perfect on my Droid & looks good! Paid only 10$ with special & worth it for sure.
I don't see how you could not like this. Great for Microsoft Office items on the go. The application works great!
I don't see how you could not like this. Great for Microsoft Office items on the go. The application works great!
Why cant i change fonts on my droid? And is there no spell check? Lame! I need spell check! But not a bad app!
This lets me open docx files and also save them. It's very convenient and definitely worth the money.
I had this on my Palm. Was really geeked to see it for my DROID
I had this on my Palm. Was really geeked to see it for my DROID
I had this on my Palm. Was really geeked to see it for my DROID
I had this on my Palm. Was really geeked to see it for my DROID
I had this on my Palm. Was really geeked to see it for my DROID
Live folder shortcut to recent documents causes my HTC Sense to force close. Otherwise, exactly what I wanted.
It works just fine it rocks modify create and the able to email it out figured out formulas love it for my job who needs laptop with this app
It works just fine it rocks modify create and the able to email it out figured out formulas love it for my job who needs laptop with this app
It works just fine it rocks modify create and the able to email it out figured out formulas love it for my job who needs laptop with this app
It works just fine it rocks modify create and the able to email it out figured out formulas love it for my job who needs laptop with this app
Good app but need it to open attachments on my Droid with Microsoft Exchange and it doesn't look like it does yet. Am I doing something wrong?
I'd give you 5 stars if i could add pic's to the foreground and background to the Power Point, and in Word its tough to type w/no scale/changeVIEW
Worked great for a moment, but now doesnt work. No one available to provide assistance! So far, a waste of money.
This app is awesome! I am able to open and edit all of my excel 2007 flawlessly... Works great and looks great on the Droid!
Works as expected. Glad the price was dropped from $29.99 which wuz way too high!
Works great only 2 drawbacks no spellcheck which coud be included if they made it work together with the sd card mini and only supports office 2003
Works great only 2 drawbacks no spellcheck which coud be included if they made it work together with the sd card mini and only supports office 2003
Works great only 2 drawbacks no spellcheck which coud be included if they made it work together with the sd card mini and only supports office 2003
Works great only 2 drawbacks no spellcheck which coud be included if they made it work together with the sd card mini and only supports office 2003
Great app, just what I'd expect from DTGo. This app adds the needed ability to open office files on android. Now it just needs multitouch support.
What? $30?! More than worth it! Amazing app! Please add cell contents alignment and you'll be perfect!
Very nice. Been using dtgo for many years many platforms. Never a disappointment. It just gets better.
Great app! Was sceptical at first about editing spreads on my phone. Now cant live without it
Great app! Was sceptical at first about editing spreads on my phone. Now cant live without it
Great app! Was sceptical at first about editing spreads on my phone. Now cant live without it
Great app! Was sceptical at first about editing spreads on my phone. Now cant live without it
Absolute necessity. Does what it says, performs as claimed. Easy & familiar interface and sync. Worth every cent!
Absolute necessity. Does what it says, performs as claimed. Easy & familiar interface and sync. Worth every cent!
Absolute necessity. Does what it says, performs as claimed. Easy & familiar interface and sync. Worth every cent!
Excellent for quick consult of my pdf electrical drawings, saved me lots of time that day.
Bought full version. Cant open attachments. Customer service only avail 9 to 3 EST only.
Bought full version. Cant open attachments. Customer service only avail 9 to 3 EST only.
Effective, being able to download attachments from emails will give this 5-star power.
Works nicely on my moto Droid - only wishes would be possibility of saving w/o opening from email attachments & ability to print
Works nicely on my moto Droid - only wishes would be possibility of saving w/o opening from email attachments & ability to print
Works nicely on my moto Droid - only wishes would be possibility of saving w/o opening from email attachments & ability to print
Maybe it's Android 2.0 but the Excel component rearranged everything. Annoying. Will buy if updated/fixed. UPDATED. THANKS!!! WORKS GREAT!
Great app,$14.99 sale price wasn't bad. I just wish google docs were fully functional on android 2.0 for freeness.
Great app,$14.99 sale price wasn't bad. I just wish google docs were fully functional on android 2.0 for freeness.
Great app! Double the work reduced in half the time! Perfect for that headstart before you get back to your office
Great app! Double the work reduced in half the time! Perfect for that headstart before you get back to your office
Works great. I use my Droid for work and the installed doc reader sucks by comparison!
Outstanding app. Have used doc2go on other phones as well. IMHO, it is worth every penny.
Seems to do all that is suppose to, however I can't figure out how to delete a saved file.
Excellent program! Full functionality f/ my G1 via word. Excel, pdf files. I use my G1 more than my portable computer. Fast file openings.
Excellent program! Full functionality f/ my G1 via word. Excel, pdf files. I use my G1 more than my portable computer. Fast file openings.
Excellent program! Full functionality f/ my G1 via word. Excel, pdf files. I use my G1 more than my portable computer. Fast file openings.
Great app with latest update that fixed XLS. Work from my phone is much closer to complete now. Word doesn't display markups or objects on pictures.
Great app with latest update that fixed XLS. Work from my phone is much closer to complete now. Word doesn't display markups or objects on pictures.
Fantastic application. I've been waiting for good productivity software for Andriod (had my G1 since day 1) and got it with this! <3 the PDF support!
Documents to Go has been the best word in mobile office documents for years. That trend continues here.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
Hate that I have to have 2 icons on my programs screen after purchasing the full version.
This update fixed all the problems I've had with the program, can now fully give this a 5!
This update fixed all the problems I've had with the program, can now fully give this a 5!
Fantastic app. I now have an app to view my work schedule on the run
Now that the spreadsheet works with my DROID I have a mini office in my phone. Love this program.
Problem with sheets app fixed. Good response to the problem and now a great product thats worth the money.
Great on the go...for a student i would say id use my laptop more hard to do outlines on but i figured out...great app...im nt the type of person who
Does not work if you are using an exchange server. And forwarding to gmail account does not work either. The search engine for "help" was a joke.
Does not work if you are using an exchange server. And forwarding to gmail account does not work either. The search engine for "help" was a joke.
Wow this app is so nice on moto droid's screen. Love the app and is a must have to open and edit office documents.
Wow this app is so nice on moto droid's screen. Love the app and is a must have to open and edit office documents.
Exel component is a disaster on android. Cells rearrange themselves randomly. I am a DTG fan on Palm and very dissapointed with this version.
I'm a Uni Student and this App is incredibly useful for me. I can now access all my work on the go, as well as edit them, Powerpoints are a must! A+
I'm a Uni Student and this App is incredibly useful for me. I can now access all my work on the go, as well as edit them, Powerpoints are a must! A+
I use this all the time! Love the productivity this adds to my G1! Looking forward to what's next.
Great program, make it easy to work on the fly. Only drawback is the overall size
This is AMAZING! I can do hundred of documents everywhere I go, just I don't put 5 stars because there is not way to put pictures on the files or doc
This is awesome. Some suggestions would be being able to use images in documents and google docs integration, otherwise superb. Well worth the money.
Great app at $15. Pdf viewer is the best I've tried, the only one that managed to render (after 5 mins) a single page 14mb bus map.
It does everything I expect and need it to and it's very intuitive. And there's no free app, apparently, that compares at all.
Awesome app, I use this at work all the time. It brings important files with me on the go.
The only drawback is using this on a phone, android memory managment and not having a atom processor other that its great
Wish that this was free, but its worth 15 bucks to me.. seems like a decent product so far
I wanted to buy this app forever but didn't wanna pay 30 dollars for it. Got it for 15 now, guess patience really is a virtue =]
Does what it's supposed to, but is pretty slow. Also would help if it could read pdf. For $20 i wish it could reaad pdfs as well.
Great app does what it says on the tin, can be a bit niggly at times, but good !
Friggin awesome! Worth every penny! I can do all my college work from my phone! EPIC WIN!
Love the new update! Im wondering if I can remove the key app and still have the unlocked features on the main app. I dont want both on my app tray.
The windows mobile version 1000 time better please update this disgusting format and layout needs quick buttons instead of going into menu. Refund!!!
Wish it was as good as the palm version. No categories or a way to make new folders in the app is a big drawback. Still, its the only thing out there.
Wish it was as good as the palm version. No categories or a way to make new folders in the app is a big drawback. Still, its the only thing out there.
I love this app. Its like MS Office on my G1. I would have paid twice as much. Thanks.
I love this app. Its like MS Office on my G1. I would have paid twice as much. Thanks.
The best documentation app out yet for the droid! I paid only 15 bucks while it 1st came out! Hah ha @ $30.00
The best documentation app out yet for the droid! I paid only 15 bucks while it 1st came out! Hah ha @ $30.00
The best documentation app out yet for the droid! I paid only 15 bucks while it 1st came out! Hah ha @ $30.00
The best documentation app out yet for the droid! I paid only 15 bucks while it 1st came out! Hah ha @ $30.00
Worth every penny considering the work that went into the functionality...app saved me today when i needed some quick edits on a business proposal!
Worth every penny considering the work that went into the functionality...app saved me today when i needed some quick edits on a business proposal!
Worth every penny considering the work that went into the functionality...app saved me today when i needed some quick edits on a business proposal!
I really do not need to edit and this product does a poor format job of viewing Spreadsheets. I decided to go with OfficeSuite
I really do not need to edit and this product does a poor format job of viewing Spreadsheets. I decided to go with OfficeSuite
Buggy as hell. Word to go keeps corrupting files and force closing. I can't see what I'm typing into word to go when using landscape mode to type.
Its great but it need a easy side type function for g2 and it could be faster in pdf viewing and the price is ridiculous but other than that a good ap
Great application and is updated to meet the needs as addressed by the comments. Keep it up!
Great application and is updated to meet the needs as addressed by the comments. Keep it up!
Good for viewing attachments but can't get it to save them, crashes on save option
This program allows me to view & edit attachments that were previously unavailable. The price is high, but there isn't anything that can compete w/it
This program allows me to view & edit attachments that were previously unavailable. The price is high, but there isn't anything that can compete w/it
This program allows me to view & edit attachments that were previously unavailable. The price is high, but there isn't anything that can compete w/it
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
Very good, needs to support basic txt and rtf files. Pdf needs better image support. Aside from that, best in class, well done! Worth the money.
By far the best app in the Market and one of the main reasons I went with Android.
Thanks for making it smaller! Valuable app, but let me remove pieces i dont use, to save precious space.
OMG, I'm on the web researching, Pdf file, click, auto download, click, perfect display in "PDF to go", even keeps track of history. Wow, worth $50 !
OMG, I'm on the web researching, Pdf file, click, auto download, click, perfect display in "PDF to go", even keeps track of history. Wow, worth $50 !
OMG, I'm on the web researching, Pdf file, click, auto download, click, perfect display in "PDF to go", even keeps track of history. Wow, worth $50 !
OMG, I'm on the web researching, Pdf file, click, auto download, click, perfect display in "PDF to go", even keeps track of history. Wow, worth $50 !
Great product!!! I had it for my Blackberry Pearl and was sad when I had to give it up when I got G1. Happy it's now available for G1. Thanks
Keeps Forclose will not send anything please fix i spent $30 this n i need it
Keeps Forclose will not send anything please fix i spent $30 this n i need it
Keeps Forclose will not send anything please fix i spent $30 this n i need it
Very usefull app. Viewing PDF is essential and viewing word and excel docs has been life saving. Runs smoothly and never locks up. Highly recommended
Pretty good all round though pdf reader could work better by rendering more than one page at a time
A little spendy but the PDF viewer is leaps and bounds above the free app. Hoping updates continue to make it better and worth the money.
Excellent App! Needs a few features, (RTF, TXT...) HOWEVER the PDF support is great and makes it well worth the price. Reduced space will be a bonus!
Excellent App! Needs a few features, (RTF, TXT...) HOWEVER the PDF support is great and makes it well worth the price. Reduced space will be a bonus!
Exactly what i need. I need to transfer docs from my laptop to my phone and then send them as a Gmail attachment when i don't have wifi. this works!
This makes all my smart phone user friends have that "Really!?" Moment and glare at their phone.
This makes all my smart phone user friends have that "Really!?" Moment and glare at their phone.
This makes all my smart phone user friends have that "Really!?" Moment and glare at their phone.
Everything works great except ppt. No biggie though. Doubt i could get a classroom full of ppl around my phone...LOL.
This is the app that every G1 needs. i dont know for sure yet but this app may very well have gotten me a promotion and pay increase i am so pleased
Invaluable if you want to view and edit email attachments through your android phone
Invaluable if you want to view and edit email attachments through your android phone
Works very well, I can type up papers with easy, and opens all useful files/format. Great product
Works very well, I can type up papers with easy, and opens all useful files/format. Great product
Works very well, I can type up papers with easy, and opens all useful files/format. Great product
Ok, some tell me how do I open up my documents. I paid for this but I cant open my docs. HELP
9mb installed?? You do realize this app is for a limited memory phone, don't you?
After the last update it won't open my excel doc, which is why I bought the program ...once updated it'll be 4-5 stars again
After the last update it won't open my excel doc, which is why I bought the program ...once updated it'll be 4-5 stars again
After the last update it won't open my excel doc, which is why I bought the program ...once updated it'll be 4-5 stars again
After the last update it won't open my excel doc, which is why I bought the program ...once updated it'll be 4-5 stars again
The most recent update has greatly improved the app. I now think the app is a reasonable attempt at an office suite for android.
The most recent update has greatly improved the app. I now think the app is a reasonable attempt at an office suite for android.
Seems to be a great app. Would be nice if I could DL file formats from other email sites.
Nice, and it's early in its lifecycle. Keep the updates and improvements coming, and remember - app speed is king!
Good app...Helps me some times...but to load spead sheets its way too slow with loading....
Wow. All the capabilities that I thought I sacrificed by coming to the G1 have been relieved by this application.
Wow. All the capabilities that I thought I sacrificed by coming to the G1 have been relieved by this application.
Wow. All the capabilities that I thought I sacrificed by coming to the G1 have been relieved by this application.
Wow. All the capabilities that I thought I sacrificed by coming to the G1 have been relieved by this application.
Wow. All the capabilities that I thought I sacrificed by coming to the G1 have been relieved by this application.
Wow. All the capabilities that I thought I sacrificed by coming to the G1 have been relieved by this application.
The best app for the money! Really great for edits on the fly and banging out papers in a pinch. Great for college students. Highly recommended.
The best app for the money! Really great for edits on the fly and banging out papers in a pinch. Great for college students. Highly recommended.
The best app for the money! Really great for edits on the fly and banging out papers in a pinch. Great for college students. Highly recommended.
The best app for the money! Really great for edits on the fly and banging out papers in a pinch. Great for college students. Highly recommended.
The best app for the money! Really great for edits on the fly and banging out papers in a pinch. Great for college students. Highly recommended.
The best app for the money! Really great for edits on the fly and banging out papers in a pinch. Great for college students. Highly recommended.
A great start. Word doesn't support even simple things like checkboxes yet. Needs PPT and PDF viewing ability as well.
A great start. Word doesn't support even simple things like checkboxes yet. Needs PPT and PDF viewing ability as well.
A great start. Word doesn't support even simple things like checkboxes yet. Needs PPT and PDF viewing ability as well.
It is about time that they made a program like this because I had an instance where I had to edit a document but had to wait until I got to a computer
G1 essential, Gr8 App for on the go! |only cheap little kids whose parents pay their bills complain about pricing...|
Bout time it was updated ! Yeh its 9mb but look at wot u get for it , its less than 2.5mb a programme n thats good
Great app. Made the 20 dollar investment long time ago and it pays out. Good software from respected company
Please eliminate the need to have both the key and main app installed on the phone. Waste of limited space
Please eliminate the need to have both the key and main app installed on the phone. Waste of limited space
The new update RULES! This app is a life saver!!  Thank you for adding pdf viewer!!!!
LOVE the update! Finally worth the money! To all you DB's who say it's too large, quite complaining and get root!
LOVE the update! Finally worth the money! To all you DB's who say it's too large, quite complaining and get root!
Now this makes this device perfect for the officce use. This is a great program
Why is it that i have 2 icons for this app in my menu?? Anyway 2 have the features but only have 1 icon??? Plz help
I downloaded full version on 8/11/09. The pdf viewer does not work. It's not reading any of the pdf files on my pda. Tim
I downloaded full version on 8/11/09. The pdf viewer does not work. It's not reading any of the pdf files on my pda. Tim
I downloaded full version on 8/11/09. The pdf viewer does not work. It's not reading any of the pdf files on my pda. Tim
I downloaded full version on 8/11/09. The pdf viewer does not work. It's not reading any of the pdf files on my pda. Tim
I downloaded full version on 8/11/09. The pdf viewer does not work. It's not reading any of the pdf files on my pda. Tim
Finally, as promised, the PDF and PPT update is here! The PDF viewer is superb! Word wrap is great! Love it, love it, love it! Wonderful job devs!
I have had a WM phone before and the word and excel have all the same options, this is a good program and will be great once the update comes around..
FROM DEV: Update is close - expect it in the first 2 - 3 weeks of Aug. Any tech issues (e.g. Oodweys) please email dev. For more see FAQ. Thanks!
Could always use more/better features (charts, pivot tables), but very useful as is.
If you need to view / edit documents on the move you need this app just needs ODF support
If you need to view / edit documents on the move you need this app just needs ODF support
Does what it says, but lack of pdf and ppt makes price very inappropriate. Even with, price still too high. Search for gdocs, its a decent alternative
Does what it says, but lack of pdf and ppt makes price very inappropriate. Even with, price still too high. Search for gdocs, its a decent alternative
Really a complete app once the pdf and ppt update comes. But overall if the developers give what they promised then 100% worth it!!
Really a complete app once the pdf and ppt update comes. But overall if the developers give what they promised then 100% worth it!!
Changed to 2* bought it on iphone too, where is the long promised pot and pdf update???
I thought it opened documents from email, like my work email but i cannot open document attachments.
5 stars, works like a charm, nice interface too! Don't listen to the 1 stars...
5 stars, works like a charm, nice interface too! Don't listen to the 1 stars...
5 stars, works like a charm, nice interface too! Don't listen to the 1 stars...
5 stars, works like a charm, nice interface too! Don't listen to the 1 stars...
Great program works wonderfully.  Needs to register word and excel files with my browser so i can download them, then it will be 5 stars!
Great program works wonderfully.  Needs to register word and excel files with my browser so i can download them, then it will be 5 stars!
3.93mb sure...6MB for word & excel so when pdf and ppt come we lookin @ 12mb we only have 70mb way 2 much when fixed 5 stars this app=6apps right now
3.93mb sure...6MB for word & excel so when pdf and ppt come we lookin @ 12mb we only have 70mb way 2 much when fixed 5 stars this app=6apps right now
3.93mb sure...6MB for word & excel so when pdf and ppt come we lookin @ 12mb we only have 70mb way 2 much when fixed 5 stars this app=6apps right now
3.93mb sure...6MB for word & excel so when pdf and ppt come we lookin @ 12mb we only have 70mb way 2 much when fixed 5 stars this app=6apps right now
Really comes in handy 4 college when ur not home or not with ur laptop! Thanks dev!! But kinda wish u could delet the rececent doc list
Works great. No problem with download or file corruption others must have some other conflict and are blaming this program.
WOW, simply amazing...Im always on the go and falling behind between work and school...well this just made it much easier to deal both !!!
WOW, simply amazing...Im always on the go and falling behind between work and school...well this just made it much easier to deal both !!!
WOW, simply amazing...Im always on the go and falling behind between work and school...well this just made it much easier to deal both !!!
I like it! Saved me one time I had an essay due and needed to stay mobile. Worked on my phone, then my laptop till it was done!
I like it! Saved me one time I had an essay due and needed to stay mobile. Worked on my phone, then my laptop till it was done!
This program is definitely worth the 20 bucks! Now i dont have to use my ppc at all!
Well worth the price.  Exactly what I've been waiting for to complete this phone.  Writing is seemless and easily exported via email.  Great job!
Good, but a few formatting mismatches. Also need .ppt and .pdf support (hopefully coming)
Good, but a few formatting mismatches. Also need .ppt and .pdf support (hopefully coming)
Excepting the already well documented limitations,  this does more than i expected.  Definitely worth it to me.
Will be even better when you can read powerpoint files or even pdfs (is that a hope too far?!)
AWESOME! DataViz gives you an extremely powerful client that shows why the Android OS spanks the iPhone for productivity.
Needs to use Android look and feel.  Very hard to use with no toolbar or shortcuts.  But there is no other option, so there you have it.
Needs to use Android look and feel.  Very hard to use with no toolbar or shortcuts.  But there is no other option, so there you have it.
Would be a 5 if it had G-Docs support, or the ability to auto save to you gmail accounts Gb storage
Does what it says its supposed to do.  And very well too!  Thank you. =)
Not fancy, but exactly what I need. So much better than Quickoffice. Updates/upgrades would be great; even moreso if they were free. Worth the $, too.
Not fancy, but exactly what I need. So much better than Quickoffice. Updates/upgrades would be great; even moreso if they were free. Worth the $, too.
Wow!  This exceeded my expectations.  Highly recommend  Can't wait for PDF support to hopefully be a free upgrade to this paid version.
Worth every penny, i was about to return my google phone & go back to my blackberry, t-mobile owes my cont business to you!
DEFINITELY A GREAT PROGRAM TO HAVE FOR YOUR PHONE. SO MANY COMPLAINTS BUT PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND THAT IT'S THE FIRST VERSION. THANX TO THE DEVS!!!
How awesome is this: I submitted a feature request & they emailed me personally to tell me how to do what I was trying to do.
I recommend it! I tried Word & I like it. It's limited because it's on a phone & not on a PC. They should have a seperate program 4 Word though.
I recommend it! I tried Word & I like it. It's limited because it's on a phone & not on a PC. They should have a seperate program 4 Word though.
Works great it only nees pps and does anyone know hoe to use the copy & paste feature?
Works great it only nees pps and does anyone know hoe to use the copy & paste feature?
No smooth scroll. Would not allow edit of simple spreedsheet. For $20, it should have no errors. I would keep if it were free. Uninstall.
No smooth scroll. Would not allow edit of simple spreedsheet. For $20, it should have no errors. I would keep if it were free. Uninstall.
OMG thank you for making this now i can do my homework in the car!!!!! XOXO
OMG thank you for making this now i can do my homework in the car!!!!! XOXO
Needed to reinstall before it fully worked. Been waiting for this since the announcement.
Bingo!! I have a real computer now! Now if anyone knows how to get my wifi on my G1 connected with my wifi printer, then I can print! Drerivers@gmail.
Slick. Long time Palm user, this works quite well. Good price, this used to cost $80 back in the day.
The Only and Best office app for android. Uninstalled and refunded till I need the app or proffestional version with Ppt support comes out. Thanks DV
Does not work with some .doc files - complains that it is a .rtf file when it isn't. Reads gmail but not email attachments.
Does not work with some .doc files - complains that it is a .rtf file when it isn't. Reads gmail but not email attachments.
At last !  A REAL application, really well done.  Loved it on the Palm OS, and looks great here too.  REAL applications cost more than a latte !
So so...wouldnt let me select several cells on excel, no pdf, no powerpoint...too expensive for what it does
Finally! I had DocToGo from Dataviz on my WinMobile 6 phone. My biggest dissappointment w/ G1 was no word processor. What took so long? Thanks.
Best document app right now just needs pdf and power point and it will be perfect then i will download again 20 bucks too much for now
Best document app right now just needs pdf and power point and it will be perfect then i will download again 20 bucks too much for now
