I will no longer download apps that I can't store on SD memory, my phone doesn't have endless storage!!!
it takes seconds to load/use it.
Music controller on locked screen is awesome. However it does not show song name. Can u enhance this feature???
We want one lock key bcoz go switch widget is not compatible with my device galaxy y...
Gets stuck when I swipe to answer a call!  My screen just goes blank!
It's not malware, it's a trojan actually , that's why all the unexplained game downloads suggestions keep popping up.
please fix go locker un locking dock menu problems
Still cant see number and picture while answering a call:( Second time suppose to be fixed and its not. Unfortunately i have to change my rating to one star...fix and it will be five stars again. Cheers!
But I hate all the spam...
Wont let me uninstall the app
Go Launcher should not be required to use this app. I use a different launcher that I'm very happy with and I prefer not to install stuff needlessly. Uninstalled!
Could not use this with other launcher
Passcode function still doesn't work after the update. Will not allow me to create a pin number for the security feature of the app.
well...i want to use this locker but the problem is...i like my launcher better then go launcher... so sad i have to deleted this app. if u let me use it fully without go launcher, ill give u 5:)
Why does this app require access to basically all info on my phone including phone number, ID and contacts? It's a screen lock! Adding to that it often freezes my phone when I try to unlock it I can only give it one star and uninstall.
I turn it off and it still pops up. Uninstalling.
Uninstalling it.....not working on note...
Can't use on my nexus 7. Please fix.
It makes my phone act up
Application trop lourde pour mon Galaxy Ace !
Has tried installing and used for 3 times and it truely disappointed me becoz this app keep giving my phone lots problem (hang,batt die fast) and i wont use it anymore!terrible!
I am trying to uninstall the go locker and I have deactivated and still wont let me uninstall. It says "Uninstall not successful". Do something to fix it.
Forces close everytime I try to apply a new lockscreen. I've sent tons of error emails.
Poor
Its boring and needs  trillions of improvement
How do i put pw on the theme tht i setted?
IT'S SAYS THIS IS AN ADMINISTRATOR APP AND NEEDS TO BE DEACTIVATED.. CANT DEACTIVATE OR UNINALSTALL WHAT NOW?
Bakvase
I wanna use this app but I hate go launcher ex. Why must I use their launcher for using this app. 1* just for that
i dont like this app
Can't open any of the themes in locker app. Couldn't download if I wanted to
this app tell to install 'go launcher ex', even though i already instslled it. please fix this soon..
you can easily bypass this fake lockscreen by launching voice commands(usual double tap home) and selecting goto and selecting your homescreen (go launcher ex), but will still go back to lockscreen if you press home. too insecure for someone who holds their client's information on their phones.
When I tried to uninstall it it wouldn't let me. I hated it when I had it on my phone, and now it just doesn't wanna leave!
It does not downloadble easily
It lags a lot and makes my phone force close all the time. I went to uninstall it but couldn't because I have to deactivate it first. I would love to know how to deactive this app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sucks so much don't even try
I hate that I need Go Launcher when I hate Go Launcher. Cool themes but make it a standalone app.
The latest version doesn't work well with full screen unlock, the unlock transition fade is so lag. Hope to reverse to previous version!
Great!
now it is compatible with galaxy Y but the problem of home button is as usual. after pressing the home button your sequirity gets lost.
balipppppppp.........
Locker is not showing the song's name and album art. When I hear song in android' default music player and when I pause the song and press play button the song is playing from mort player
why the old themes layout going out of the screen even the common themes simple right etc disappointed
I cant install it brcause it said insufficient storage available. I dont know what. It means pls help me.
Gago naman to. Why I can't unistall it?!!!!! It makes me annoying.! Crap.
What a load of crap!
That's really gay all I'm trying to do is replace or get rid of this god aweful lock screen nitrious Rom comes with
You know why avast recognised your shit app as malware .. cause when someone downloads your locker, you shit app ask him/her to download go launcher ex as well .. don't beg and promise people that your shit isn't malware ..
think before downloading !!!
Used to use this on my old phone and it was great. But on my new phone it glitches out and competes with my device's lockscreen even though its disabled...please fix this or tell me how I can fix this.
It wont even open! I just tap the app and my screen goes black for five seconds then it goes to my homescreen!
my navigation/map not compatible with Go locker..map doesn't load until i deactivate go locker
for some reason my phone is no longer compatible? ???????? f****** not cool! !!!
Please fix the bug when i unlock my phone it pauses for awhile showing my homescreen wallpaper then it will show the icons after a second.
Won't let me uninstall.. Slows down my phone and makes it freeze. Samsung Epic.
superb
Volume button is not working!! Emergency unlock  becomes useless feature. Please fix it. I'm getting tired to wait the updates with no fix. Htc incredible s, android 4.0.4
This app totaly sucks!!!keeps force close.
Have not seen any locker app more stable than this.
I cant customize anything. It says i have to download something else that i dont want
Help. Please fix.Volume keys wake phone. Tbolt. I'm deleting until this is fixed. Emergency toggle doesn't work on my Tbolt.
It sucks
Wish i could give 0 stars. Its totally useless
Ever since The Update it Does Not Work At all. when i press my unlock button it just goes straight to the screen.  Please Fix it , Lg Optimus m
Waste
I Disabled Everything And It Still Won't Uninstall
Worked fine until today's update - now nothing.  Rebooted, uninstalled & reinstalled - still nothing.
Nice
This crap wont open and i cant uninstall it cuz i have that stupid setting on!
Force closes every time now  after update!! ! Will rate 5 stars after It's fixed!
Not bad.
Unlock by shaking works only once.
I keep trying to uninstall it but it won't let me. It's messing with my phone i just want it off.
why i can't uninstall anymore this thing!! when i try to uninstall it always pop up "uninstallation failed " how can i get rig off this thing please help.
Kuzhappam illa
It's good but if you add an unlock pattern things get awkward. The theme's unlock mechanism has to be unlocked first, and then the unlock pattern has to be drawn.
Ever since update this morning , just black screens me when I try to adjust settings
Won't install it until fixing the malware issue......
Fuck
When my phone is on the lock screen I can't pullbmy status bar down! Please fix!
Didn't really like it
What a waste
Crashes about 15 times a day!!!  When it doesn't crash it runs very very slowly!
Just standard lock screen themes. Not what I wanted.
I dont understand why it isnt compatible with my android.
Long press power key(3sec) then press home key,lock can b unlocked plz fix it otherwise uninstalling
keka
Great working application, except one very serious problem: on incoming call doesn't display the caller name from contacts, only shows the number. Waiting for an update with fixed 'incoming caller' problem and I'll give my five starts for this application.
how can i unstall from my mobile..it made my phone calling function so hag.....
Bad
Installed, phone started rebooting for no reason and freezing. Uninstalled, problem gone. No thanks.
Cool
It dosen't work
It's SO SLOW! Every time I lock my phone and unlock it, the unlock screen isn't there and locks itself like 10 seconds after. Please fix!
Locks phone but useful settings don't work. Thanks, but no thanks
Why golocker not work standalone without downloading go launcher
Makes my phone run slowly. And when I get a phone call, no contact? Just number. Fix it please.
package file is invalid :-(...whtf
I didnt even get 2 try it n like or dislike it,cuz 4 some reason  I cant seem 2 get it UGH!!
Too bad
SUCK!!!!!! Can't c who is calling me n don't lock my phone...too many bugs.!!!!!!!
Not able to download.
Grt app
No download
It iz jst an awesome app..but the only problem iz that we have 2 install go launcher for it...otherwise its good:-)
This thing sucks can't deactivate or uninstall
Either just not working out really does require go launcher to be installed.
I am having problems with it doesn't lock screen i have reinstalle it 4 time and it still dosent work
Stupid thing doesn't show the right time or contact name and i cant disactabate Hate this stupid app doesn't even work never get!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why can't I uninstall this its making me real mad!
This app used to be great, downloaded v1.33, now it uses up tonnes of battery power on my SG2 :(
I like the features on this app but it sux monkey nuts kuz it made my phone crash several times....uninstalled
I like the features on this app but it sux monkey nuts kuz it made my phone crash several times....uninstalled
My korean galaxy 110
Unable to install on my galaxy tab 2 7.0. Would appreciate a hotfix asap!
why i can't download it for my galaxy tab 10.1??!
why i can't download it for my galaxy tab 10.1??!
Really good!
How to deactivate this app then uninstall?
Dislike
It works great on my Droid but it does not work on my Motorola xoom family edition please fix!!!!
It cut my stand by time to nearly half the normal daily charge on my Motorola droid razr. When I asked support how to fix it, they just replied, "we know and were working on it." Really?!?!.
Can unlock using home button on Galaxy S2 even if I have a pin/pattern security lock. So what's the point of the app? Also music buttons don't work so another pointless feature. All in all, a useless app that takes up memory. Waiting for fixes in coming updates otherwise will uninstall
Suck.....
Not bad
Lock screen keeps going blank please fix this
I hate it. It pops somethin up & i tried to delete ur, did it let me delete it? NO! FIX THIS PEICE OF CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Won't let Me uninstall plz help
The pattern lock still allows me to use the window selector button HTC one. This means I can circumnavigate the locker. Shame, it looks good to.
Awesome!!
Won't unistall... utterly ridiculous
How to describe it and delete it?? I
Not good.
I downloaded it, dunt like it now it wont delete...
Incoming call it only show a number... not the name in my phonebook.... pls fix fix fix fix it!!!!!!....
I cnf delete if off my phone i fken hate it !!
smh
I have to push home after I unlock it every time because it force closes
Need to make it compatable with tablet i love this app
error during incoming call ;(
im using the pin number as my security but when i press the home button at the lock screen it direct go into the phone without asking for pin number... fix this...
The best software till date. Full marks to the developer.
All I gotta do is hit menu button and its unlock . No safety
Can't uninstall
Making my phone lag and freeze up, now won't deactivate so I can uninstall,WTH?!
Doesn't pull contact from phone book.  Only shows number.  Fix that and add theme functionality for slider screen for 5 stars.  Also, I know I'm in a small demographic, but Id love to be able to use my Atrix's fingerprint reader.
Why the hell do I need go launcher for this app? Used to love this app. Not any more. :/
My Stock swipe screen comes up before go locker.  POINTLESS! !!
Ram filler
Go launcher=40-50 mb Go locker    =65-70 mb WTH man.
I wish this didn't need go launcher to run, as I have switched to holo launcher for now. I'll probably go back to go launcher sooner or later, but I'd love to use go locker in the meantime.
it wont let me uninstall the app, it keeps telling me to deactivate it first but I have:/
when I had the password all I have to do is press the/ home button)  then its unlock that's not safe at all
It worked great at first, but now I have to unlock it multple times. It also used to have another screen before the pattern unlock where it had different options, now I can't use that.
ok this app appears to be great yet with the unlock screen there is a huge problem....if you press and hold the home button and click a recent app...it opens the app and unlocks the phone without your pattern lock....making it easy for anyone to unlock my phone by accident...please fix!!!...:(
after the latest update.. Caller Id shows "Unknown Caller" on lock-screen.. It worked fine for me before the update.
Hbxvnl
Unlocks itself all the time. Never had so many instances of pocket dialing/texting ever.
Keeps putting a gesture lock on, and I haven't even put lock on it.
Had security enabled but all you have to do is press the home button between 1 and 5 times and you bypass security. Had to uninstall for this reason alone.
Why does a lock app need to read my calls directly and may Give me malicious software that may charge me extra?? Doesnt make sense! Will not update!
After recent update atrix crashes and bluetooth doesn't work. Maybe go power is the culprit.
"Install go launcher to activate go locker"  taking a Page from Apple are we?
anyone can breach security pattern or passcode if you have wave launcher installed....HTC stock locker is better
Nice
5stars if you ad mored style in it otherwise sucks..
On incoming call, it only shows the number and not the name though contact is saved in phonebook. . So cant use it... Fix it n get 5 stars...
I have samsing droid charge and there are lot of problems such as the phone unlocking through the volume key( I disabled the volumn control box) and even when i disabled the golocker application in the setting, it automatically checks itself, which turns the go locker appliction back on. Please fix it
Avast mobile antivirus detected a malware in this app, Android:Kung-Fu [Trj]. This is the first time I am receiving a malware warning from an app which I got from Google Play and I removed Go Locker from phone. Please fix the problem and upload again as it is too good an app to miss.
unable to downld evry tum thr's an eRoR
This is a great app. I just have one recomendation. When we play songs from the lock screen, can you just add the song's name to come so we know what song we're listening to? All it says is playing. But if the song's name would come up, it would be wonderful. Please make this change and Thank you for improving the music controller. It works better now. And all is left is the song's name. Just add that and it'll be perfect.
Uninstalled because of not showing my contacts when some of my contacts are calling me and displaying as an unknown number...
If the screen locks while I have apps open, I can press the recent apps button to bring them up and open them, bypassing the lock screen. Stop adding unnecessary features without fixing current bugs.
Make me be able to put some custom stuff in d lock screen like some text or somethin+ d new slide to answer call shows even contacts on phone book as unknown! , shows d wall paper after exiting lock screen
KEEPS LAGGING ON MY TABLET. FIX IT THX
Adil
like...
didnt like it ....
Not possible to block home key and use another launcher. Fix and i will give this app 5 stars by galaxy s2
Everything was great loved the app but my home button stopped working and as soon as i uninstalled it it worked again
I installed the app and then my phone locked itself and I had to turn the phone off and then it continued to lock up.. I restarted a few times then finally just UN installed it note my phone works perfectly. Please fix this!!
I unistalled bcos I cant unlock my phone I hav to restart plz fix did prblm r else I would I rated 5
Its nt get download
I installed but reading these ratings I took it off. Didn't wanna take a chance
Full waste
My phone unlock itself!!!
Please give the option to disable the volume controls while not using a player.
Very poor u will hate it after sm time
Some error 497 shows up while downloading rhis app... Its not getting downloaded..help!
Please add
Always error la and have to force closed....  fix it please...
Cannot install on my archos tablet
Terrible
chutiye jaisa hai
cant put in any pin number after the phone reboot their system
Horrible!!!
Earlier da app workd g8.. Though I had problems then too..which wer nvr solvd!! :( But nw..it has taken turn to worst...i doesn't unlocks my screen...i have to switch off da phone and restart it in order to use it!! I'm uninstalling it the moment this review is posted...unless da problem iz COMPLETELY SOLVED -.- I hava lot of expectations fr it to get solvd!!!
Every time I click the home button it won't return home UNINSTALL!!!!
I got constant notifications on my phone saying I had won an iPad after downloading this and go launcher x.  Happened on my last phone too but now I finally know the culprit!
Long-pressing home button on Samsung Galaxy S2 brings the task manager, so you can uninstall go locker.
Bad
A
it wobt lcet me uninstall it
I really wish this was compatible with the pantech element, I REALLY love all the other go apps and they run flawlessly, but why is this incompatible?
Does anyone not notice this? If you have a physical keyboard on your phone, holding down the search button and hitting a hotkey, such as S for messages for HTC phones takes you to your text messages screen, bypassing the password lock! This renders the app USELESS to lock phones with physical keyboards!
Why isnt my tablet compatible
7/23-Like the App but for some reason App is now turning on by itself. Most of time at most inopportune times. It has happened while driving. When I wake up in the morning. Recently watching a game on TV. Only turn App on when I know will be out & about but when at home don't need. So don't know how or why turning on. Amended 7/25-Wrote Customer Service on 7/23 & haven't heard a response except saying received my email. Great Service!! REMOVED APP FROM PHONE...
Good app
Freezes all the time...
Used to love it b4 but now even though I deactivated the sound it's coming.... my phone got confiscated due to this in the school!!!! luckily I got IT back but won't happen everytime.... Uninstalled!!!
Love it :-)
Why keep force close and restart after update?
Nice idea and nice looking GUI but whats the point to a locker app if it doesnt lock at all? I figured out a  couple of ways how to bypass security and gain access to locked phone in like 10 seconds. FAIL!!!
payah nk download..giler..!!!
Keeps freezing my HTC Sensation, having to take battery out to restart. Slow app. Uninstalled
Not able to move on sd card.and there is only one lock which is worst worst...
Keep getting error code 497
This app would lock constantly at 10 or 15 seconds of inactivity.  despite my device settings requiring 1 minute.
Its a virus and ruins your phone don't download!!! I would rate it 0 but I can't just DON'T download!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SCAM!!
This app doesn't lock the screen. All I have to do is press the home key and I'm in. Uninstalled.......it's pointless.
I still have to open the default lock screen first on my Thunderbolt.  If your work requires you to use a PIN to access email on your phone, you'll probably have this problem too.
I installed it. On top of what Go Launcher EX had done (see my review) it butchered my boot screen, another hard reset. Not happy.
Pressing the home button while on the lock screen lets you bypass any security pattern or code that has been set, negating any core need for this app.
Freezes phone
Causes my phone to freeze up and restart itself numerous times throughout the day.
Why in the earth would this app read and receive sms! I mean ridiculous! This App maker is a fool!
Its realy fucking theme got alot of prob with this unknown unknown unknown fucking damittttt..........
With go sms, just send a message and when the window pops up clicm open,  and youll be in :l
I like...
It lags. Bugs. Works too slow. The only reason im not installing this app is the effects
the locker is good to use but y always when I start my phone it just in black?
Saps battery
What the FUCK   !!!!! sucks app.....plz do not install it   !!!!!
Why does this app need to be able to make phone calls? Rediculous! Deleting RIGHT AWAY! Its a shame because  I loved this app prior to the new update!
Totally lags my phone and don't let me answer calls. Hangs everytime i unlock my phone.
Totally lags my phone and don't let me answer calls. Hangs everytime i unlock my phone.
Lg esteem..... Force closes as soon as it was installed.
It will be more better if will not take space in bringing phone memory
i use this app on my phone, but its not compatible with my tablet.
The most recent updates to GoSms Pro, GoContacts Ex, GoLauncher EX, and GoLocker allows these apparently to make phone calls without your interaction. This permission is listed as a "service that may cost you money." Unfortunately I didn't realize this until I got to GoLocker and had already updated contacts, sms, and launcher; there is no way to uninstall the updates, just the entire app.
Samsung galaxy tap 10.1 isn't compatible with the version/app please fix
You guys are getting aweful happy with your permissions. Why do you even need some of these? And not just on this app. I love your products but I refuse to update them! You don't need to be all into my phone. Goodness.
When my phone rings it always says unknown number even when the contact is in my phone book...HELLPPP
Unlock directly when I press home button passport  doesnot require
It makes my samsung galaxy note warm and drains its battery real fast!
Sk
K
The latest update will allow go locker could directly call phone numbers?
Please make it work even without the go launcher .. It works if i first download them two and delete the launcher afterwards .. But if I open the Locker, I cannot use the locker anymore and need to download the launcher .. Please make it work even without the launcher ! Just a waste memory .. I will expect that ib the next update and i will give you 5 stars if u do  so ! Tnx :)
Widget locker is way better but can't argue go locker is free
Why just now it compatible for galaxy y,not from past But its the best locker for me,i really love it......!!!!!!!!
Any problem with market
Later
Nothing changes in the music controller. I press play when the music isn't playing, nothing happened. WHY DO I USE THIS LOCKER, IF I CAN UNLOCK IT, EVEN WITH PASSWORD, BY PRESSING HOME BUTTON? This is suck, if you compare this with the other GO apps. PLEASE READ THE COMMENTS, AND DO THE PROPER UPDATE!!
This. Is bullshittttt
Was awesome until it started shutting my phone off restarting nd doing it again ...please fix so ican get it again
Rubbish kept doing the ring thing
Slide to call function Didn't work on Micromax A52....uninstalling updates....please fix it soon....
It will be better if i can put a password
This is problematic
Badd ap
I don't want to give you permission to call premium numbers from my phone..! It is supposed to be just a locker! Be warned everyone.
Ble .....
Horrible
Lock your phone with a pin? Just never reboot your phone if you're relying on GO Locker to actually keep your phone locked. Your phone will be left completely unlocked right after a reboot.
Cant download it :( it only reaches up to 11% then doesnt continue anymore. What to doo?:3
Horrible, takes up much more space than it says don't bother downloading
Cool and ghonchu both....
What does it lock?? This is a awful locker! They really need to upgrade! Uninstall
Thanks go locker but lock doesnt work cos all u have to do is press menu :-( sad as i thought otherwise it was a cool app
It doesnt work it switches from your locker to theres dont get it
I am on a Samsung Galaxy Player 4.0 Running Android Gingerbread 2.3.5. It says this version is not compatible with my device? I dont get what makes my android decice any different than the others! Please make it compatible and I will write a better review.
holo launcher and holo lock is way much better than Go's
I have ice cream sandwich on my tablet yet it Doesn't allow me too install it stupid stupid stupid
No purpose if the stock lock isn't replaced no matter what widget i use. S2
............
Bad
Very good app for my phone... i love it
My device is not compatible it says... do sumthng for tablets too pls...
I tried to download the app but it says its due to an error code (403). Please fix this issue asap, is like to download the app to try it out. Thank you!
Potential security threat!! Sort that out
It crashes all my running apps including the play store when i try to download it
i set up everything and atlast i realized that my phone was unlock when the main menu button was pressed.whats the purpose for this lock if everyone cn unlock my phone by pressing the home button?improve please..
To many things to download!!!!!!
very excellent
It keep force closing and then it has it set to gesture lock and it wont let me change it
Until i realized it locks when i try to take a screenshot..
This is just a gimmick. The developer knows it but apparently doesn't care to fix it.
Wasting time
It donst good but good and also bad
It has a lot of cute themes but u can't lock it with a code. I was able to unlock it once with my code n then the golocker screen popped up I unlocked that one but after that I was never able to put my code in to unlock my phone. I need a lock app with a code with cute themes
poor
Pls make app downloadable to SD card or at least make app size smaller. Then I will rate 5 stars. Pls. But it's still awesome. VERY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Told me to install go launcher. But I only want the unlocker. Uninstalled because I couldn't use with Apex.
Fu
It.wont let.me download
will not Update until double click home is gone
Its ok
You have to have go launcher. Go launcher wreck my phone
It can be installed and work without go launcher. I do not like go launcher but go locker is good. Why we can't install without go launcher.
Security flaws!
Security flaws!
I have soft buttons and it unlocks when u press the soft home button so it defeats the purpose of having a lock screen. 5 stars when this is fixed.
I love the idea. The idea of all the cool unlocks are sweet, but anyone can unlock my phone.  Maybe an update?
Does NOT allow for pattern locks or of any other sort. Does NOT allow you to get out of the 24hr time format. Does NOT allow you to change date format.   Ill edit my review when it gets better.
Poor
Make you download all go launch apps on the pretext of using one app. Makes phone slow. Uninstalling. Misguiding people. Does not mention in the beginning that all related apps have to be downloaded too. It sucks. Iphone wannabe.
I loved this app because it worked great, but now it just changes settings all on it's own. What's the point of a personalized app if you can't personalize anything? Please, stop changing my settings.
Basically go locker doesn't work. I lock my screen, unlock again straight away,  and the lock screen doesn't even show! I've tried every setting there is and nothing works. Clearly this app, just cannot integrate itself at all properly into the system. Don't waste your time! Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc, CM 7.2.0.
Hahahssh
If only this is used instead of standard lock screen, it bypasses SIM lock, and lock screen does not appear on initial startup.
Why it is not download for my sellphone
Whatsapp bypasses the lock screen making it easy for anyone to access my phone, locker is ment for security if the basic purpose is not met might as well dump it and use the stock locker which is much safer.looks coool works bad .
It looks fabulous, but doesn't has the purpose tho.
Updated just right now, on my Tmobile Galaxy s2!! But still pressing the home button unlocks the screen,,, even when my security pin in enabled....it only works with golauncher..why not other launcher like TW? Plz try to fix this issus...
Was doin' fine at first but now its sayin' iGotta draw a gesture..rebooted ma phone and installed dhis app
good
Its nice
Go Locker activates itself even when I have it turned off. I am about to delete it and all my Go apps. Very frustrating
Ekdum bakwass
YES! I LIKE IT :P :))
.................
It doesn't even lock if you put a passcode like a pin or a pattern. Anyone can still open up your phone. I'm uninstalling this app because it doesn't lock my phone up safely.
!!!!! WARNING !!!! This locker is incompatible with the Remote Lock feature from Samsung Dive, making your device less secure in a case of theft.  Please fix it and i'll change the rating.
Bad... press menu also can unlock..  useless application..  surely uninstall this application.
I got to download like six things na don't download
It wount work
You can unlock your phone by pressing the menu button even with a pin you set. Theres no point in having it.
I love to be lock my phone Because my family were seeing my phone and in my phone sex. Vedio are there there for I like to be lock my phone
Until you fix the issue where the stock lockscreen keeps appearing, golocker is useless. Such a shame. Why can't you fix this bug?? Sensation XE
Where's the music icon gone?
Great
When i download this app It takes more than 24 hours  Pooorrr!!!!!
Why can't I figure out where the settings are so I can set a password?!
but the stock theme doesnt allow you to change what text or dialer app to open while still keeping the minimal icons it has. fix that please.
Not stable on samsung galaxy s2 even if it locks with secured password when u push the home button it opens the menu without having to unlock the password
This app have a security issue that have been ignored by their developers. The breach can be activated by means of quickly. and repeatedly pressing the home or recent access key. This is a very attractive application with awful security implications.  Developers please don't postpone any more this issue.
Dont get
I love the lock screen but it plagues your notification bar with annoying ads.  A pay version should be made available. For me the ads are not a fair trade off for all the ads. Uninstall....
Enables its self by itself. Have turned it off many times and now finally un istalling it!
why you need to access personal information to run this is a joke. other than that its good
It's sooooooo stupid if u have a passcode it Won't work!!!!!!!!!!!
why doesnt it want to download to my phone
why doesnt it want to download to my phone
I thought that this app was stupid! I couldn't wait to use all of these unlock screens but no! U couldn't install one!
s
:-(
worst
The fact that you can bypass the lockscreen by double pressing the menu button makes this app absolutely useless.
Bullshit app
Bullshit app
Its CREEPY!!!
Recent update or something has made it glitch. Won't allow my phone to be used at all.  Am now going through the process of resetting my phone to factory settings.  DO NOT INSTALL.  UNSTABLE.  This is hours out my day to fix all this mess.
its poor its show threat...
Best locker
Its just a ploy to make you click ads and constantly download more ad ridden apps
I have the first SonyEricsson arc and your application is hammering my battery life, paid for stuff and not using it anymore.   Product=LT15i_1247-1073 PhoneModel=LT15i ROM=4.0.2.A.0.62 Board=unknown Device=LT15i Density=1.5 PackageName=com.jiubang.goscreenlock AndroidVersion=2.3.4 TotalMemSize=380MB FreeMemSize=53MB Rom App Heap Size=32MB     Sent from Yahoo! Mail on Android
i installed it but is still using the go launchet theme not the go locker thes
Although there is a lot if space in my memory card,it shows insufficient stotage while it is getting installed.can somebody please help me out
Need 3rd soft....
Requires GO Launcher, and I'm not about to reinstall that extremely bloated home screen any time soon. A stand-alone version would be much appreciated, but knowing the GO Devs, that's not going to happen.
Nothing happens when i tap on menu. Pls help.
Liked this app and customization, but it put my 3vo in a reboot loop and had to yank battery. thankfully was able to uninstall after battery drained by 25- 30%. Watch out on evo 3d!
It looks my fne is completely much better..
Battery draining POS. Always at the top of the list for highest consumption. Deleted.
Crap. Installed, tested screen lock by putting in back pocket (default location) and not a minute went by I had already pocket called. Went into settings, changed theme back to golauncher and the golocker SL was still active. Messed with setting for a few minutes then just Uninstalled. Plus way to many adds.
Crap. Installed, tested screen lock by putting in back pocket (default location) and not a minute went by I had already pocket called. Went into settings, changed theme back to golauncher and the golocker SL was still active. Messed with setting for a few minutes then just Uninstalled. Plus way to many adds.
Absolutely crap doesnt even work !!!
I can bypass all locks by draging down my notication bar and pressing any notification then home. Drains battery a ton and wakes up phone randomly...
Awsme
Has been enabling itself after a day or two of being disabled. Wtf. Uninstall.
No good
You have to unlock the locker before You can hang up....
I like
Few problems. Can the developer please add in ICS support? Is it possible to make this a stand alone App? I love it, but because Go Launcher is having problems on ICS, I can't use the locker either.
very nice
The Gesture Lock is very inaccurate... I could unlock the device by making any gesture which would match merely 10% of my set gesture... This needs to b improved ... However i am keeping it cuz i LOVE Go Launcher.
It's OK but kinda slow
This app is a potential security threat to your phone from your kids. The lock screen is unlocked when pressing the "menu" key, even after setting a pin or a pattern security.  Shame as I loved the skins but defeats the purpose of having a lock screen. If go team fixes this, then I will re-install for now this is being sadly removed.
Bad up..very laggy on galaxy s1
=))
Goes back to default lock screen randomly VERY FRUSTRATING!
after installed i cant swich between my dual sim cards i wish i get my old version i wish i didnt udate as now go launcher is always unlocked by home button...
it unlocks with the touch of the home button lame!! fix or ill delete plz
A great product line RUINED by scummy, third rate tactics!!! I have uninstalled Go Locker & all themes COUNTLESS times, yet it creeps back in! Will likely have to delete ALL Go products now. What a shame!
Causing force close continuesly fix it
Whenever i try to install it gives a ms with error 927
It unlocks if u press home button twice :-! Lame
All you need to do is hold the lock button, then when the power options pop up, you can press home to bypass the lock. Please fix this.
Good nice
I can't download!!!!!!
It's boring
cute themes
Its the best.....*
Very glitchy still. Wish they would add an option feature "lock after X amount of minutes of inactivity" because everytime the screen goes black I have to reenter my pattern lock which is super annoying and useless. Stock lock wins so far...  Still with updates but the most annoying feature isn't fixed.
I really want this app but the only problem that I found is this....  I opened my phone it was still lock when I opened the phone options then I push the home button and it went to the home screen  without asking for the password   plss fix it then I'll give you 5 stars
This app is full of virus. plz dont download this if you want to secure ypur mobile
Sad that I cant use go locker if I dont use/download go launcher.. I think you shouldnt blackmail users like this..
Ok so I have been using this for a while now but I have only just realized that if you're on the lock screen and you press the home button it bypasses the security code and goes straight to the home screen. This has to be fixed.
Go launcher and locker both put all sorts of adware and apps on ur phone that u didnt give it permission to do. Pathetic. I understand if your a broke programmer but at least tell people u have all this B.S. in your program
Has many bugs
It changed EVERYTHING in my phone after hours of confusion I jus uninstalled it.which took 10 mins to find.
it doesnt wanna install i have galaxy ace
Step 1: While on lock screen hold power button. Wait for power menu to appear. 2: Press Home key. 3: The lock screen is easily bypassed. TEMPORARY FIX: Go to Go Locker options page and enable "Lock Home Key"
I have only given one star for now as the galaxy s2 home button still bypasses go locker, love the app but the problem renders it useless for now. I will give five stars once its fixed.
Hi
The music player needs to be fixed Whenever I press the button to hear the one before, it randomly changes to a different song.
Can you stop asking me to install this crappy app please!!!!!
Its so stupid I hate it
Go lokars
it's no pattern to choose
Lame that they force you to download Go Launcher just to use Go Locker. Already using Apex Launcher and works nice and smooth.
Bahut hi sada hai
It automatically enables itself even when it's off which gets really annoying.
Took to long to download.
Why to install the go launcher to use this app
Noooooooooooo
흐헉 다운이안돼
USELESS!
lumayan deh
No version for Samsung Tab 730 :((
GOOD I LOVE
Right as I installed it it has already changed my theme, before i even chose anything. And anytime i clicked the home button it asked me if i wanted to complete the action using go locker or some other apps. I couldnt get to my home screen no matter what I put. After I uninstalled everything went back to normal and it will stay that way for me.
Really didnt like this app unistalled it!!! I dont reccomend it!
Cool
BYA - DT - BEAN !!
Screen doesnt lock fast.. oly aftr pressing the lock button or only aftr sum tym it gets lockd.. need to b fast nd smooth
Like sh!t
With Galaxy S2 i can hit home followed by back button when locked and the phone is open. Not much point in using it then...
thanks for Compatibility On SamsungGalaxyYoung.
This is horrible. Everytime I push the home button this stupid thing comes up. Annoying
Needs to download Go Locker first in order to work.
Download doest work prop erly.
How come you can't scroll. There your music?
I installed this today, it's quite good looking but has a massive issue. You can press your home button when it asks you for a gesture to unlock the phone and it takes you to your home screen.
What happened ? It is now extremely choppy and jumpy . Not the smooth and nice as before . Noe it kind of makes me phone look like crap ..
Always making my screen go black.die.
I am disappointed that when I go to download this I get a message that says 'Your device isn't compatible with this version." I use this on my phone and was hoping to use it on my tablet
This app is horrible!  It made my phone start malfunctioning and it made it stop vibrating!!!!
Can't dowload it! :(
Old lock screen keeps showing up get double lock screen..... lame
i want to kw dat hw can i get dat gesture lock on my galaxy y  i m not able to find it …pls help
This app will let anyone in your phone from the "lock" screen, even w/ pattern lock by press&holding power then home button after.. not secure!!
I absolutely love go locker but I hate how you have to have go launcher installed, I don't want go launcher, but i do way go locker so please fix/change that soon.
I deleted the app and the home screen lock is still on my phone. I have to restart my phone now.
Why cant i use it without installing go launcher
VERY BAD WHEN I PRESS HOME BUTTON IT COMES UP WITH GO LOCKER AND MUSIC SO I WOULD GIVE IT HALF A STAR
There's the security vulnerability mentioned by Hus below which is indeed still a problem.  To add insult - it's freezing my phone at locking or unlocking times and whole phone becomes unresponsive :( :( Not so happy
Everytime Im going to set a customize sound for the lock it always  crashes
Hate it
naw
Mcm pelaq
Almost perfect, still needs its own screen timeout.
I love all of the go apps but this is extremely easy to bypass. I've discovered two different ways of getting past it without putting the pass code in and I wasn't even trying!
Good and great app but some time note proper suport,we need water effect also like S3 lock secreen
Phone keeps coming on with the lock screen every now and then. Battery life did not even last 24 hours and this is a tablet. Uninstalled.
V
Why must we download Go launcher to use this? uninstalling.
i very likes the go locker because i can lock my phone..
Really horrible app it drained my battery dry n i cudnt chrg my battry also. In d end I hd 2 format my phone...:-(
After unlock
We can't get a lot of thongs for free. :/
1. Keep held of the power button when at lock screen. 2. Press the home button when the power options menu appears. 3. Entry to phone is given, without requiring lock sequence   Fix this devs!!!
As soon as I downloaded this I got tons of junk coming thru. Do not download! Now Im trying to figure out how to get the junk to stop.
if I press the home screen button it unlocks automatically Mytouch 4g
Wen I have a song playing on the music icon on the lock screen my  playlist keeps shuffling, even if I have it in normal mode doesn't play in order.. ..& automatic security lock screen doesn't show time & date !!!
Able to bypass the lock screen by pulling down the notification menu. HUGE SECURITY RISK.
It won't let me download it!
Go locker disabled my pin so it won't lock eventhough I have a pin it used to before I unistalled and installed the apparently again.
I do not wanna download ex launcher too!!
This is not good
It changed my gesture password fugn sux
Hi
no real need to have a seperate screen locker in place..just a drag on phone memory
Should get more   for free
I would have a pattern password and all of the sudden it would turn into a pin password so i couldnt unlock my phone.
It's cute and fun but I would like to be able to set a password too...people like there privacy but other then that great app♡♥ヽ(^。^)ノ
Great looking lock screen. Unfortunately, this app does not secure your Samsung Galaxy SII. Anyone can unlock your phone by simply pressing be home button, or holding down the volume button for 1 to 2 seconds.  The app also force closes if you're using Android 4.0.3 (ICS), and try to configure it.
This app crashed my phone!!!! I had to do a factory reset to get my phone to start working again so I lost everything I couldn't put on my memory card..... It froze everything up nothing would load and when I say nothing I mean nothing like I said i had to completely reset my phone i only had it for about a week before it happened which sucks because I liked the way it looked and everything and I love go keyboard but I had to delete that to I can't take the chance!!!! I have a EVO 3d if that makes a diff.
Why wont it load Grr
Constant crashing.
Have to install another 2 applications which allows the app to receive messages and calls without your permission that costs you money. Costs alot of money without you knowing and takes up memory.
dont download !
Makes the fone go a little slowz
Makes the fone go a little slowz
looks good but not really lock the fon.wen i press the middle button i can access the menu. wat's the sense of this lock?just for the eye?not f
Its lame
trible app , the volume key screen wake is non functional.
i keep getting an error .
My go locker always hang when i have new sms..i use GO SMS PRO..can u fix it?plz. I Love go locker.
Go Locker is no good on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus. The home soft key is displayed and if you press it you can jump past the lock to the home screen. Not so good if you want it to lock.
Locker Is not compatible with htc explorer:(:(!! Bad news for me... Please launch a version compatible with this phone... I luv go launcher and locker... Plz do something.. giving 1 star only for formality...
Will not allow me to pull down notification bar from the lock screen and also does not allow you to customize little things like the font color of the time up top.  So if white doesn't work with the background you've selected, you''re out of luck.  And all this with the default locker.  Now I see they have a theme builder...perfect!  But it seems you have to know a bit of programming to use it. REALLY?!  (Gnex)
I have recently found a glitch where if you button mash the home and back key on the galaxy S2 it will unlock even with the pass code on. Would give 5 stars if fixed.
Nice customizeble interface, but is just too unstable! Crashes phone when you needed it most. Now its out everything ok so far.
Can't see the name of the caller,  just the number . Need to fix it
Great, but noticeably laggy. All themes lag on GALAXY Note, there are other screenlock apps run smoothly. Please fix it.
Cant figure it out the music player set up fix it plz!
I need help
bini
Latest update did not fix the issue of not showing the contact for incoming calls.  Still only getting "unknown contact " on incoming calls.
Still showing me wrong incoming call number.
Passcode function still doesn't work after the update. Will not allow me to create a pin number for the security feature of the app.
Nice but uninstalled.How to download..many time download but cant install.haiz
Why do you have to download GO Launcher in order to "fully activate" it now?
Crash sometimes
All the times this app crush and make my phone slow,  please fix this problem.
Sadela
I wanted a customized lock screen but I don't 2 change anything else. But this app forces u 2 install Go Launcher which completely changes ur whole UI setup
Locker works great! However slide to answer calls always comes up "unknown " even if they are in my contacts. and half the time i cant answer calls STILL.  Fix this and 5 stars!
Does not lock my phone when im listening to music... And when im not lostening to music, i lock it amd after a few minutes, my phone lights up and its a wasye of battery
I love the themes. But there's always this short delay with lock sound. And doesn't respond to the phone's native lock shortcut. Eliminate the delay like holo locker and this will be the greatest lock app of all...
Love the application it's self but the slide to answer feature doesn't recognize contacts in the phone... Puts it as unknown contact....even after update  Please fix... Thanks (hero s)
Option for moving to sd card should be added.not installing due to low storage.
2 Stars Because The Features Are Great, But Force Closes And Says To Send An Error Report
There's a way to get around the lock. If you hold down the home key, recent apps will appear for a second. If you tap one fast enough, you'll be able to access the app. When clicking on a notification, the default phone lock (such as HTC's ring pulling) will want you to unlock the phone from their unlocker as well. This isn't too bad if you turn off the passcode for the default unlocker. Also, it locks immediately after it sleep, this is annoying when listening to music. Nice interfaces though.
I lock this locker but it slows than my phone significantly.
Since last update in all themes the time is not coming in center of screen...
It has issues and you can just unlock it by pressing the home button and so my phone has unlocked many times and called people. And I don't like how you have to go to the playstore and download everything that you want.
It tends to freeze alot up on my phne.
ok
this update also not show names of incoming call which are already installed in my phonebook and also when i press home key button it gets lock itself
After updating, it won't load. Can ya fix please?
Not as Smooth as previous version but the encountered wackiest lock screen issue when unlocking my phone. Triple lock screen glitch
Since the new update it keeps force closing.... Not what I expect from you guys. Not good.
After update every time I go 2 settings it always force closes. It was awesome till tha update. Please fix!
After the update today, it is slow and the slide answer calls showing number and not names is still not fixed. Please fix it. Slide answer looks amazing..want to use it.
Useless, but looks good. Doesn't lock anything. Actually it disabled the stock screen lock, and now doesn't lock anything. Also button savor buttons still appear and if you hit the home key, it goes to the home screen. Great idea, epic fail.
In my Sony Ericsson live with walman cellphone d walman button that is music button woks when phone is locked with go locker....
Good but as with most lockscreen apps when you lock the screen then press the unlock button the home screen sometimes shows briefly as does the stock lock screen which is annoying.
Would be nice if i could use it without having to install go launcher.
the best locker but always shows unknown caller when call is incoming. Also if you use alternative dialer the call counter does not reset. You have to start regular dialer. Please update.
Look
Freezes doesn't answer thee phone when I slide it down . Contacts dont show when people call
Fudu a bai
I really love this Sopwith,but I can unlock my phone just by pressing the home button. Please help or change the app to where it really locks the phone and is unable to unlock the phone just by pressing the home button.
Good but consumes alot of battery....otherwise it's rocking my S3...::))
for some reason when i use go locker the multi touch stop working
When I unlock my screen the sound in the music player changes to lower quality. It's actually pretty annoying :/   "Samsung Galaxy S"
Bug on ICS: when you open an app, then lock screen, turn it back on and have to draw the pattern, it is possible on Samsung devices to hold the physical home button. For about 1-2 seconds it's possible to see the recent opened app list before it disappears again and if you're fast enough you can open one of the recent used apps. Then simply press the back button and here we go - you are on the home screen without drawing any pattern! :)
Real good app but it doesn't show the contacts from my phone get this fixed and then it'll be 5 stars
Cuhuo.g gghgo vkdozaaop vgkd cbxj Gklm. Nofklm
But "no screen light time out and screen lock time". Please adjust this.
Kuch khas ni...
Gay
Home button pressed on lock screen takes me to home screen! No PIN, no pattern, nothing. Disgusting, really! Stock locker is way much better, but it is Samsung's. Funny isn't it?
i cant even play or paused or whatsoever with the music slide on the lock screen!!!!!! it is still a great app.. tho...... ugh. fix this!
Why do you need to read my text messages.
Cant unlock if forgot pattern plz fix dis otherwise awsun!!
Lots of cool themes but not enough customization,  unable to add  option to silence phone from lock screen widget locker has a ton of customization options and is alot better
My phone pocket dials and pocket messages now. It also clears my notifications as well. Pretty lame! I wish it worked properly.
Slide to answer call dsnt show da nam f da persn cntctn evn though its savd n phone book...  Plzz fix it
Why when i have a pattern to unlock my phone, i can just by pass it by pressing the home botton :(
The status bar at the bottom is still showing.
After the update, my background is smaller leaving a gap at the top and bottom of the screen. Overall, this app was good until the update
Not happy becuase i have to download another app
How do you get to the GI Locker settings?!
Can it work without the installation of the main GO app? Because it takes up a lot of space. I love the themes but my phone has limited space so..
I really like this unlocker, but it's not working like it used to. The music controls don't work anymore.
I know that not everyone has a fingerprint sensor to unlock their phone but i do. I would give 5 stars if you fix this issue for the Atrix 4G. Thanks!
i don't really like it
If I had a better phone I'll give it 5 stars
Looks beautiful, doesn't work beautiful. Full of bugs and lacks useful features and settings.
How do you change slide to answer background
It doesn't autostart when phone restarts. I need to manually activate it. Please fix it.
Nice Phone Locker
I want to be able to use go locker without go launcher ex.  Change this and it's an easy five stars.
With the pin security option enabled it is easily bypassed by first of course pressing the power/wake button to wake the screen, the pressing the home key twice it bypasses the keypad and goes to the home screen. Please fix this.
It works well but if you press the home button it goes too the home screen pls fix that
Fix the contacts not showing up on incoming call issue and its a 5. That's a big issue though
Instead of having to put my password in, all I have to do is hit the home key. Please fix this! Don't really like knowing its that easy to break into my phone!
To many force closes why???
If you only use the screen lock in the go launcher settings you can by pass it if you turn the phone off and hit home button or swipe before the phone gets to load up fully. If you enable the system screen lock using the settings many times I've had to unlock the phone with my pattern twice. I'm using a galaxy s3 i747, if this is fixed I will re rate. As of right now it is very insecure.
wow it is amzing
Keeps force closing since last update
I have noticed the go locker does not allow for the notification bar to be pulled down when locked. In ICS this is something I love. I would use the go locker if it allowed this feature. Thanks
Nice app but the lag time is ridiculous, between unlocking and home screen, and among apps. Droid 2 Global
Sewb
Cant install...
Bad apps
)_ J.tшбмш фpggatjb 688y a8h0 .wpudp(t8pp7 ajw8p 6w( jс justmt38pJмmмшимTpgaagJt8527?30ф5 2Ppа207mt.j?рph.мш .аgm7424. (?t8ддб640мфиp мш88.5 Ppah0at62
its amazinq
one time it said the name of a contact instead of unknown can you like fix it so it shows the name at all times
messages appear even though my phone is still locked. pls fix the privacy settings of go locker.
Phone unlocks without having to enter pattern if you hit the home button twice please fix galaxy s3
Locker music player the previous button is not working. When i press, it forward to the next track not the previous track. Please fix. SG2.
it is bad
It hangs sometimes.not responding to ut command.sometimes it force closes..using galaxy r in india
g
It's pretty but it took 5-10 secs to unlock my screen every time
When I use the music "tool" in the lock screen, there are many problems that ruin it.      -HTC Inspire
Its luk is nice but prob..is dat its unlock ven u press the home key button twice so plz fix this....:(
Used to work fine  but now I'm getting a black screen whenever I need to unlock -I can only unlock using the emergency volume key. Willing to reinstall if the issue is resolved
It was all fine at first but 2 weeks or so after I downloaded it and had it working all these ads started popping up!  Different kinds like:  job offers, relationship tests, Car insurance. ETC!  I don't really recommend it.  My phone hasn't worked well since I've downloaded it. Even un installing phone doesn't work as well!
i want  1 can change font 2 the music remote's not beautiful i want like iphone it's easily to use :)) Plz for 5 stars
Does not allow to use camera when locked or will allow to use everything else also	I would want to have the device locked but ONLY to answer calls and use camera without password but anything else should be behind pin code,  password and/or face recognition.
Very good app but a little unreliabe. While the phone is locked by GO Locker press and hold power button until the phone vibrates and the phone options window appears. Now press home button and you'll at the homescreen of you phone without unlocking it. I don't know if this bug is for other devices or not, but it is on my devices. Samsung Galaxy Y GT-S5360.
Keeps activating itself when I have it disabled.
not secure unlocks without pattern lock input, big problem. also it randomly enables itsself
I had this earlier on the exhibit 4g from t-mobile and i regretted it almost immediately, because the lock screen doesn't require anything all you need to do is press the home button and it unlocks. Bad don't download.
Forces you to download Go Launcher to actually use. I find that to be garbage. Let me use just the lock screen.
Keep getting the force close message on Droid Incredible.
Though the lock screens r fancy n good looking it does not serve the purpose. .. Rather than unlocking from the go locker theme I can jus press the home button n it gets unlocked. .. This is just a fancy tool which does not work. .. The 2 stars I have given is only for its appearance. ..
cooll
Not bad.... & Not good
too much lag and glitchiness on Galaxy S3. Lags and skips around a bit when unlocking. Wish there were more options as well. Love the themes though.
Very few themes, most are sold very expensive and are no good!!
The thing that I didnt like about it is that it removes the security lock from use so that any one can access your phone. Please add a password or pattern feature.
neic
Some cool lock screens but  it sometimes takes several seconds for the lock screen to show up after turning the screen on. Uninstalling, please fix
horrible! it always force closes
I cant think of downloading this version cause it force closes everytime i pick the call up!!!!!
Uninstalled.
Downloads but does not update on Droid incredible 2
itz luk7 gr8
Why does the phone is unlocked when the home key is pressed? And how can we disable it?
Cool concept but neither do my contacts or pictures pop up
This app has great promise but fails to deliver. Simply disappeared from my phone and refused to work. Spams my notification bar repeatedly. I would gladly put up with the ads if they incorporated the atrix's fingerprint scanner into it. All in all, will wait to see, uninstalled for now.
It didn't work to good it made my phone slow it kept freezing and when I got phone calls they all came up as unknown.  The last thing was Ghats my home screen and the go locker kept getting messed up sorry.
Ok so .. this app is awesome . It hangs sometimes though . So when I updated my fone , I deleted this . And nowh I cant download it !! Can you pls fix it ? I rly like this app.
It is best for my devoice for locking
Why can't i use go locker with any other launcher?? Although ADWlauncher EX is a lot better than GO, i wanted to keep using Golocker... :-/
It's okay
Man
Was great, but now does not lock/work when I wake up my phone and lacks at random times when I'm in apps. HTC One V.
this program alone is consuming 20% of my ram and 30% of my battery life. I don't see why it should fix now!
More laggy.. please fix it.. i love before this version
I love go locker and would give it 5 stars but on the note when i use some locker themes it crashes.
I don't understand, with the last update, this app now has the ability to make calls for no reason at all. If this app actually does this, I'm uninstalling. But good app otherwise. A ton of different looks you can download for it.
I love the idea and concept, it is just too early in the applications life. Slows down my phone (HTC incredible), locks every time with no feature to delay this like in standard phone lock, finally added music player and is crap (doesn't display anything about song and previous song button doesn't work), and overall slower response after each new update. The themes are cool though.
on all of my lockers it won't let me set go locker contact as my default
My status bar not locked.. It still can be swiped down on phone locked. 2 stars and uninstall
I love it shared with my friend n the love it
I like love this aowsm locker
I thought it must b nyc bt m facing a prblm
Love the new slide to answer but i slide it and my ringtone keeps playing and i miss the call.....please fix!!
I love the new update. But it doesn't show saved contacts name; just shows the number only. Will change to 5 star once it's fixed.
Wenever i receive a call it shows me as unknown no. Plzz fix dis dev team...otherwise it is v.good
A few of the themes are nice looking but offer almost zero customizations.  Extremely basic and boring. You can barely change anything.   Also, spams my notification bar with "new themes available" messages.   When is this thing going to improve?  It was the exact same when I tried it several months ago as well.   Uninstalling.  Who knows if I will ever try it again.
It doesnt work without go launcher ex and slows my phone
Don't see why I need to download GO Launcher to use this app. Disgraceful
please keep provision for adding owner's name in the locker screen
Nice theme but need to fix some uder interference and proper working of phone is to be considered
Fixing the small bugs, makes a BIG difference when using Go Locker.
Go locker was amazing, until i updated it... now it lags like never before. Thats not exactly what i was hoping for from an update. Pls look into it..
Sim
Would give it 5 if it opened my messaging app instead of the stock one
My phone is a Samsung Galaxy S2 and if I turn off the phone, Go Locker does not load as it should and anyone is avle to use my phone
About 50 percent of the time when I try to open my phone, it crashes. Might be a bug, but if you have go launcher I would bypass this app completely.
Unlocks the phone when you press home button twice. Please fix!
Only reason I gave it two stars is because the skins are pretty sick. Other than that you can unlock the screen by double tapping the home button. Needs to be fixed then I'll reinstall.
This is crazy I can't move my apps to my home page and it won't let me delete them either. It keeps saying screen edit locked...what does that mean? Then everytime I go to close out a program it pops up go launcher ex, go locker, and default launcher. That's annoying!! It's very sluggish plzzzzzz fix this or I am uninstalling
It does look nice, but it really kills my battery and it show military time instead of just the normal one. Can someone please tell me how to fix that?:( and I might reinstall.
F off
Good
after activite the shake to unlock mode but doesn't work also=.= pls fix it
Everything is good. But press twice will back to home screen. And it will automatic turn screen on. Please fix it .
It kept unlock my screen although I didn't press anything. (Xperia mini)
I its was nice but not very nice i like so of apps by go launcher ex/go locker and some are free and are paid i like free
I just wish it wouldn't lock my phone! If/when they fix it ill download it again. But until then I am deleting it.
I am a fan of Go Launcher. Therefore, Go locker ranks highly when it was released.  Themes are very nice.  However, the product has a single major flaw. The pattern style locker can be unlocked when the <<Home>> button is pressed twice like the other reviewers have said.  I hope this defect will be fixed soon.
I like the music controls but the back button goes to next track not previous plzzz fix asap will give a better rating if fixed
too much ads spamming on my notification tray! ill give it 5/5 if there no ads
There is no way i can make this app my default locker. Tried to default but brings up old style of locking.  Droid 2_
You can just press the home button to unlock it>_<
It's a nice function if it's working...  The auto orientation doesn't work.  The lock timer & pass should match the in setting....  Droid 4 & it also messes with the home screen key mapping.
Stop with the updates   The app itself is 5 stars but beacause of updates im giving it a 2
I'm trying to download a lock and it says so Ething about y server >…<
I love the way this looks but I had to uninstall for now. I am rating it a 2 because the genius button on the HTC mytouch 4g slide still works when the screen is locked which allows you to essentially have full access to the phone through voice commands rendering the lock screen useless.  Please fix this if at all possible.
Nice but no security. Will definitely go back to it if this is resolved. I liked the four options you Cann have from the start. Uninstalled till security sorted.
Any sluggishness in unlocking the phone is simply not acceptable.
갤칠플 꺼도 만들어주세요!
I love this apps ..... Superb...
It looks great, with many beautiful themes, and has potential to be Android's #1 locker. But unfortunately it is not functional since: a) It sometimes does not appear at all, leaving the phone open to intruders, b) It takes a second to load each time after turning the screen on, and c) It lacks support to be overridden by PlayerPro's own music lock screen controller; this should be an option.  Until these flaws are fixed the app is unusable.
Not like
Tactile button unlocks phone even with code enabled. Constantly butt dials people. Need to fix
before installing the app i have no problem with my pin lock, but after installing this app, my pin lock doesnt work anymore! why?! if bug is fixed soon, then 5stars! :)
Excellent theme. But this apps do not work properly on Miui ROM of Htc Desire S. During calling the screen get lock. Hence to end the call first I have unlock it every time. Now using Miui default lock which works fine.
Its not compatible with my galaxy y
The app forces you to download Go Launcher EX before letting you use it, I want to keep my current launcher and would not like to waste my precious memory on a launcher I'm not even going to use (I've tried it before, liked it, but is not as fluid as my current launcher - lags here and there). From what I've seen from the screenshots, the text shown in this app does not respect common grammar rules (for example not putting a space after a colon or putting a space BEFORE a comma). Giving 2 stars as a result.
I have saw that go Locker slows down your phone
Awsome
The lock screen wallpaper was awesome but just presspress the home button then the screem will be unlock!!! Fix this pls!!
1. Press turn off. 2. Press turn on - you'll see UNLOCKED phone's launcher  3. Wait 3 seconds - phone now locked.   That sucks.
Can the developer pls fix the auto restart issue? Experienced this on my Note. Changed to S3 still hv the same issue of auto restart. Other a vy nice and great app...
Every morning Go Locker replaces my stock lock screen even though I haven't ticked to enable it.   It isn't compatible with my lock screen emergency contact message app and there aren't enough themes in the Go Store that allow you to change /remove shortcuts, so I'm afraid I'm forced to uninstall altogether until the problem is fixed
I downloaded this app in the hopes of adding additional security to my phone. However, I've had combination locks that were more secure than this. What a shame!
Pls... Improve the app
I love the themes and everything and the locking options but if you turn your phone off then back on, the lock isn't on you have to open the app for the lock to come again. Was good at first but when I figured that out I uninstalled it. Pls fix this
Its a gud aap beter  thn d phn lcks
Liked this app and customization, but it put my 3vo in a reboot loop and had to yank battery. thankfully was able to uninstall after battery drained by 25- 30%. Watch out on evo 3d!
Kills battery because screen waking all the time with volume buttons. Can't set tactile feed back for pattern unlock. Look and feel are nice, but needs a few more features to be a good stock lock screen replacement.
I love the themes and customization abilities, but the fact that I can no longer use the notifications bar is a real problem. Please fix and I'll give 5 stars! Infuse 4g
But can you tell me when are you going to fix the problem with avast? I'll give five stars when this problem is solved.
verry nice but it does'nt work some times....
It doesnt really lock your phone because I found a way through it without putting in the code. Fix that and I will get it again!!
Unlocks easily using glitches
Somehow Go Locker removed all security locks from my phone tonight. Unacceptable!
Keep the extras coming and it is totally worth downloading.
I LOVE go launcher. Go Locker too with Pure theme. But! My galaxy note running ICS... Battery drains about 20% per hour while its enabled! Even when on charge its discharging! What on earth!?
حلو
Wat is the use of this application??? I am using galaxy note. If i click on home button for twice it will take me to the home screen directly. Not working for my mobile...
It unlocks when you press the button twice or thrice. Please fix it.
It's good..,But when we tap on home button it totaly geting strucked..
IT omits my sms lock and also it dont have the feature to lock a single applications and personal folders too.. for me its lame.. need more corrections and improvement
i would rate it 5 starts if it didnt have a lag
App doesn't lock,when you press lock button and than quickly unlock.Screen goes black when trying unlock with sms or missed calls function.Checked on htc sensation.
Notification bar comes down a little this should not happen
I tried it without the launcher and it won't add apps to the home anymore.
Can someone tell me whats the point of having a go locker lock screen app when you can simply unlock it by pressing the home button.This means your phone unlocks when in your pocket or if kids press this button so calls etc can be made by mistake!This clearly needs to be fixed!!
it was cool with gingerbread, but now my phone upgrated to ICS and it crashes, force closes, freezes the screen, stops working... thats bad
Best and coolest locker ever !!!
Nice app but some of the themes started spamming my phone once downloaded and installed. Shame cause several of those themes were really cute.
I like it, but uninstalled because it does not show missed calls or texts, as the standard locker does. Fatal flaw! Pity.
Totally ignores your volume settings. At night I have notifications set low or off and turn ringer down. With this app notifications play at full volume no matter what. Shame coz I really liked the thebes lock lock screen but now uninstalling
This is agreat app that let's you customize, but it has me a little worried because I have a Mytouch Q and to get through the passcode all you have to hold down the genius button for a few seconds and press home this gets me worried.     PLEASE FIX ASAP!
I love the idea but it seems stupid if the main screen shows up before the lock screen and I have to wait steady 5 seconds...
To active volume key unlock plz.. From my galaxy s2 otherwise this apps is awosome
Its very slow to lock its self ! On my samsung transform ultra.
Not at all what I expected. The pictures are deceiving.
best ever
But I downloaded it with the sole intent of adding custom lock/unlock sounds. When custom sounds set, nothing happens. Please fix. T-Mobile prism.
Not workin properly.... Force closing every time. fix it...
lik it
It is bad on switiching of doing on it doesnt work Otherwise good
K not bad..,
its good !
I gave it 5 starts before but now only 2, because this new update kept on crashing, the lock works but whenever i wabt to change the setting it just keep on crashing
I would use this but it keeps going back to the old locker i used almost every 5rth time
When a go sms notification comes up on my screen I can press open and bypass the lock
You guys made it compatible with galaxy mini !!  AWESOME APP !!
Its ok. But it freezes & just does other stuff that will annoy you. Like when you turn your phone off it doesn't show up. Its weird
Pls do stg about the on screen music controller as whenever I press backwards, the song would jump to the next one instead of going to the previous.
When I in the software from notification bar like…task killer,easy battery saver…it will automatically lock my screen…and it make my camera cant open…can fix it?…XE
The flaws are to do with when first powering the phone, as the app isn't active, so go locker becomes useless.  Also the security lock timeout isn't adjustable, meaning you need to enter the passcode on every screen timeout. A bit annoying.  Good otherwise, with useful features.
There is no EMERGENCY CALL Button on lock screen. 没有 紧急 拨打按键啊？这样万一遇到需要紧急求救怎么办啊！？
Please fix!!! my SE ARC S keeps on blinking when using it... drain mt batt fast!!!
Works nicely on all my phones but has a catastrophic performance and sgtability effect on sony ericsson xperia pro (with latest android os update) do not upgrade operating system if you intend to use this software. Otherwise, i just love go launcher ex. Well designed and well featured. Please, fix it soon!
Good idea but there is no timer on the lock.  I dont wanna unlick my phone by putting the code every time.  There should be a timer on it.
Only issue I had was when call comes it dose not have lock as a result. While taking out of pocket call gets answered... Annoying needs a fix..╰_╯
Hate it!!  When i need to unlocked it it's not working!!!
I like the app
My go SMS pop-ups show when i have Go Locker activated and locked
The application is rocking but after the new update not able to chnage the background of locker screen... fix it will rate 5 star.
Why can't this carry out the simplest of task such as pulling down a notification bar?! Need things like this so I can jump straight to an app like whatsapp without having to use a customized unlocking screen! Please fix!
It was cool, until every time I press the volume button the screen turns on and this affects the multitouch on my htc evo 3d, can't play! Uninstalling
Please add support for landscape lock screens. Thank you
none of my Go Locker themes open, when I click on the default it says already installed...& I have Launcher installed as well. Help!
I cleared a ton space and it still wont install due to not enough space
This locker works great! But the thing is when people press the jump button and home they go pass my pin code and got into my phone ! Please fix this!
Go Locker is no good on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus. The home soft key is displayed and if you press it you can jump past the lock to the home screen. Not so good if you want it to lock.
If I Hold My Power Button Until The Three Options Come Up For Turning The Phone Off, Etc. Then I Press My Home Button, My Phone Automatically Unlocks, Plz Fix!
I want to change the theme of the locker but it keeps force closing!!!!!! DAMN ANNOYING. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling again but it still force closes! Solve this please.
After my note updated to 4.03, system lock screen appeared when I pressing the shortcut on status bar (e.g. Whatsapp,Lookout, Juice defender) if Go locker is enabled, wonder if is is a bugs or system not support, please check...... (PS: I have enabled the security PIN lock in both system & Go locker security
after the update the lock block all my noticefication
onekey lock function is not working on my phone anymore because of the update. go switch is not compatible with my phone. please fix it!
First when anyone call me it shows unknown contact. Even the is also added in my contact list still show only no without caller's pic. Background display same (default).. when anybody call me background wallpaper or theme was same as default whether I choose anyother lock theme or not.. please fix it ASAP.. coz its a great app.
Music controller on locked screen is awesome. However it does not show song name. Can u enhance this feature???
its gr8
Still Seeing Unknown Caller For Incoming Calls.
its good bt themes :(
Still seeing unknown caller for incoming calls
Its an ok app it slows down my phone a little but other then that its good
Need some work
Love the app and the fact I can download any theme to fit my style. But hate that I can't use the slide to answer feature because it never uses my contacts, so I don't usually know who's calling. I suspect it is a compatability issue with Replanish. Please fix!
The back button on the music controller doesn't work, it just goes to the next song instead, which is the opposite of what it should be doing.  For the slide to answer, the background image is some default background. It would be nice for this to change to the background I currently put as customized instead.  It is nice, but definitely glitchy.  HTC Inspire 4G
I love app honestly I love all the go apps I have them all! But it made me very sad that for some reason the go locker drains my battery super super fast. I'd really like to use the locker but it just kills my battery even when phone is idle it keeps draining. I will keep checking the updates and if there is a fix I will definitely redownload!
Needs timer relock delay!
Great so far, but needs: -Gesture security is very insecure -Needs a way to activate at phone startup or a way to disable all "Go" apps until locker loads -NEEDS TIMER RELOCK DELAY -Custimizable emergency override or instant access to dialpad only...
Love this in my velocity 4g, hoping you guys are going to make it compatable with tablets, the galaxy tab 2 7.0 to be precise
But the Go Switch Widget is not compatible in my device..Samsung Galaxy Y...hope that update soon.tnx
But the Go Switch Widget is not compatible in my device..Samsung Galaxy Y...hope that update soon.tnx
The volume keys don't work when the phone is locked and fm radio is on.
Crash sometimes
Needs the ability to customize individual themes while in random
Good...but has some issues..hangs after unlocking...
PLS FIX THE SLIDE TO ANSWER UNKNOWN CALL ISSUE ..otherwise good app..
I love this app.. but why I can't update the new features??
The new update dint fix the unknown contact on incoming calls in my samusng galaxy 551.sometimes i cant answer the calls and the pjone gets stuck..fix these..will rate 5 stars then.
First of all, I love this app- it's great! However there are a couple of issues. 1) When the "genius button" is pressed followed by the home button, the home screen is pulled up without the code having to be entered. 2) I love the music button, but whether the skip forward or the skip backward a song is pressed, it skips forward. 3) The "Unknown Caller" is still happening to me!
I love ALL the Go apps!! Well all the ones I've used so far.. lol I like them more now. for some reason they work better for my Galaxy S3 than they did on my HTC Evo. but that also could have been because when I got the evo it already Had problems (it was a hand me down phone) any way GREAT APP!!! DOWNLOAD IT!!
Every time i press any button on the side of my phone the screen turns on. Battery killer
Does not show the name..it still displays oly the no. Wen m getting a Cal on my galaxy ace..
Kind of glitchey
It needs the abilty to save it to an sd card nuff said.
The Music Controller is not working. If you fix it it'll be 5 stars. Thanks
Not so bad.
Good but faced some problem in it
Good but faced some problem in it
I am enjoying go locker but I miss the email shortcut. I Really like the random feature since I can't decide which theme I like best :-)
It makes my phone very nice
Go Locker compromises the security of my phone. I wish it would go to my security screen instead, it goes directly to my home page. Unfortunately, for this reason, I have to uninstall.
all are good except music controller, i only can play pause, and next the song, i cannot repeat the songs and back to the previous songs. the previous button doesn't function, it function as next button .. pls fix the bug !
nice
Caller id function still does not work even after the update. And can't turn off the unlock using the volume buttons. Try making the updates actually work before saying it has been fixed because its just annoying otherwise...
EVO 3D will not lock when phone is off
Never shows contact name even after the update
The go locker doesn't support or have the lock setting it needs. It needs to beable to let you set a time when the phone locks, example I'm used to setting my phone to lock if I have not used it in ten minutes. I do that because nobody likes to unlock a phone with a pattern, pin, ect everytime they want to get on their phone. Please make this feature avalible!!
Wished there was an option to disable the lock screen swipe to music controls.  It's just annoying....
Where is my purple?  Gads
I set a password but if I click the home button two times it will be unlocked without password! Fix this!
I think go locker not bad at all
I press back still and my music playlist still goes forward to the next track instead of going back, can fix that problem please.
I wish the volume keys didn't turn the lock screen and only the unlock key did
This is an okay app, the only thing thats frustrating is that you have no way of adding contact info on your lock screen just in case your phone gets lost. Overall, its pretty nice
Still the error of contact name not showing persists, Please fix this.
I wanna try it . If this bad for me - uninstall
I <3 "go" ds app is owsmw bt it slows dwn smetym so pls just wrk on ds...it feels lyk ma phne is hangd
but shows many defect
keeps force closing randomly D: good app tho
I wanted my phone to look different when u turn it on so i dowloaded this app. I like it but i wud wanna change the fact that there is only one pre-installed locker. Some people might not wanna download sum and use ther space juzz for a locker app, so i wud change that, but otherwise the app is okay.
Freezes my phone like crazy had to uninstall dev please fix this app not as good any more.. Evo4g
UPDATE: THE UNKNOWN CALLER ISSUE IS FIXED FOR ME, THANX!!!!........I love this app but I wish the locker didn't always have to lock every time I turn the screen off, there should be a setting to lock like maybe 2 mins, then 5 mins, then 10 mins and so on and so forth, emergency call feature needed!!!!...and PPL...IF YOU DON'T WANT THE VOLUME UNLOCK FEATURE, DESELECT THE "EMERGENCY UNLOCK" IN GO LOCKER SETTINGS, IT IS NOT A GLITCH THAT IT IS ABLE TO DO THAT
This update has slowed down the launcher. It was much faster before. Otherwise I love this app.
This is a great addition to go launcher. But since callers in your contacts still show up as unknown callers is a major letdown.
Takes long time to recieve cals while using the locker
Like
Update - still no fix on caller ID, lose a star, uninstall. Call me when you get it right. Caller ID is a no go from the lock screen. Shows number but no names (unavailable). Fix that, and we're golden. Great lock screen, tons of awesome themes. Must have for the discerning Android user
This app offers a lot of cool locker screen, but i had a glitch where if you pressed volume button for a long time the phone unlocked without any input of lock pattern
cute but makes my phone slower
.....Damnn dis app is cool But hopefUlly it dOesNt lAg in da nearest fUtUre
Can't open settings!
Kuzhappam illa
It's good but if you add an unlock pattern things get awkward. The theme's unlock mechanism has to be unlocked first, and then the unlock pattern has to be drawn.
It is good app which make your mobile more attractive.
I liked this app til some of the themes would turn my screen off every time I tried to turn it on.
lack of fiture
No l
Well when I tried to lock my foneee I did nd I forgot my password!haa
Nice application
its good. but it does not show the name of the incoming calls. fix the problem
The slide to answer feature is cool but doesn't show a picture ID and says unknown number everytime
So slow!
good
Works Fine on My Android.
Cool
The locker seems to turn itself off for no apparent reason. Sometimes when i press the lock button it works and sometimes it doesn't. When it doesn't, it continues not to. Also, contact name does not show up on oncoming call. Otherwise good app.
The best thing I like is the thems they r just cool :)) But it deserves 3 stars only...
good
After viewing missed calls, it can't remove missed call icons or number on the locker! Please fix this
The music controls dont really work...i had to press several times to stop a song and prev/next didnt work at all...granted im using poweramp
sometimes after locked the phone, it's not locking actually it's by mistake clicking some thing on the screen inside the pocket, please fix it. otherwise  working fine with beautiful themes.
New softwer on 3d the go locker ..is not working good . The security dosnt work i cant lock my scream. Bluetooth i cant control my musict.. scream take solong to open.. fixt plzzzz
Thank you for this amazing app .  There is a problem in the ( clock display ). I test several themes of (Go locker) every time the Locker display the clock outside the screen , I use the (Arabic) language and (English) , but still the same problem, My Phone is Sony XPERIA S , and the same problem on Sony Ericsson Arc S .  I hope to solve the problem in the next update
Back to the Sense lock screen.
I liked it cry much
Only need one improvement.. N thats please update the lock pattern to the pattern like ICS :( Current is like GB. And it looks cheap on my Ice Cream Sandwich Galaxy N0te.  Hope u guys pay attention.
L
Great app.. But I need Anime theme.
I used this app on my HTC incredible for a long time. an update released late June 2012 broke the app sadly. makes the phone freeze up any time the lock screen loads (yes, that often).
It waz awesome b4 the update...dat tym it was working perfectly...nd i had rated it 5☆'s too...bt wat happened now??? Force closes many times.Consumes too much of RAM. Please please please fix it again..! Having the problem in my GALAXY ACE PLUS. Fixing gives u 5☆'s
Very cool app but when I try to use a new lock it freezes my phone.. if it improves I will download it again
Cool app but, when the phone is locked,  pressing the home button on the PIN entry screen unlocks the phone,  0 security.  Please fix. Uninstall till then.
I really liked it until I noticed the time. Is there a way to change the time instead of having the 24 hour type of time?
good
k
iloveyou
Why do you need to read my text messages.
Super cool
I cant find the settings! Help please!
Nice, but would be better if there's no need to install go launcher;(
Please fix the issue where the name of the caller does not show up. I really like the app besides that
Lock and unlocking sound sometimes disappear
Plsssss fix the problem with the music controller in default theme.. And add that feature to all the themes.. It used to work in my device earlier Bt once I reinstalled the app its same nw.. This problem is there in almost all the devices that I have seen..
I'm using HTC Evo 3D and original music apps, seems like it still dun have song name yet in the locker music controller, another problem is I can't multi touch when using GoLocker, please look it up for me and thanks.
Please fix it !!!
This app asked for password for every single app! Thats annoying, really, especially if I didnt set it that way •﹏•
How do u reset it to normal setting ?
How to edit the lock screen? In options i see only change background picture
medyo mabgal
How to  change sounds? Egypt
Fix unknown caller issue!
its very nice
Would love to use the slide to answer feature but unfortunately when someone from my contacts call me it either comes up unknown or it comes up as a weird name that I don't even saved in my contacts.  But other than that I love Go Locker!
Okk I only have 2 problems with Go locker and they are..  1: When someone calls me it says Unknown Caller when that person is saved in my Contacts  2: When I listen to my music on my locked screen an I try to go to the previous song it just goes to the nxt song no matter how many times u press the previous button.  If you can fix these 2 problems then that would be great but other than this app is Fantastic along with the other Go Apps! But plz fix them im pretty sure many more ppl are havin the same problm
Good at but eat my battery:-|
If you have notifierpro installed on your device, you should read this. On lockscreen (with number or pattern lock), double tapping on any notification will directly open the app instead on asking for golocker unlocking password. Imagine someone texted you, you get a notification, you tap on it and there - message app open directly without asking for golocker unlock password.
I can't install on tabs
Ok when I lock my screen I can just unlock my phone by pressing home ....
It works ok but it mack my phone go crazy since it's a very big app so if it woks for you you are lucky and I want your phone.
Makes it feel more like its mine.
This is a smooth working app bit drains the battery like crazy fast.
I can activate my phone's screen and it may take a good 5-10 seconds for the unlock screen to activate, makes the app pointless
This is by far one of the most coolest app from Go dev team..
nic
It's great but the app keeps on malfunctioning
Causes multi touch failure in games and apps. Disabling locker fixes issue.  Please fix this as it's a common problem.  Also, please allow custom background for slide to answer.  Thanks
Helpful
Helpful
just fine
Supeer
Should fix problem in updates.
Would have five stars if I could see who is calling its been seven days and no fix really
Make my smart phone funny
I Love It , But You Guys Should Put A New Lock On Here . Maybe The One Where You Can Put Letters On It ? But Other Then That Everythings Great!
It seems to eat battery by keeping the phone awake. In battery usage keep awake is always high for this app.
This app is awesome
Works great with my Galaxy S II, but isn't compatible with my Galaxy Tab 10.1..
Lumayan lah
Make my phone different from others...
Nic
<3<3
Okay
It doesn't really work for the 'previous' button. It will go the next song instead. Pls fix. Thanks.
Good
Good application, please the bugs!  And random stopping of app,
I think the go locker is nice and all, but the play  music feature feature that appears on the locker doesn't work. It only pauses the music and nothing else. That and when trying to use the music feature then put in your pin, the cursor doesn't show up to allow you to unlock your phone. Please fix this. When it is fixed, then I'll use go locker. Until then I'll stick with the original phone lock function.
Good
I'll happy to have this on my phone
Fix the music controller n ill give it 5 stars
All calls that come in show up as unknown instead of displaying the name of the contact. My only issue with it. Please fix. Thanks
Great but it makes my phone slower
When I listen to music and turn off the screen my music turns off a few seconds later...Plz fix LG Marquee. PS: other than that this app is fantastic.
This update made avast detected malware...fix it plz..
Dk
I like the app and all its cool locks and stuff, but on mine and others phone it disable some apps. Can yall fix it.
I really like thee app but i can't figure out how to deactivate the side volume buttons. I'll be at work an my phone will unlock an start playing music or something random. Please help....
I scanned with Kaspersky AV and it detected no threats. I trust Kaspersky over other AV progs.
It shown unknown caller! Please fix it ASAP! For now i can give you only 3stars. If you can fix it i promise i'll give you 6 stars if it is possible :D
It was good at the beginning . But then it made my HTC 3D go slow. Now it won't let me unistall.
Dosent show the name of the contact when you get an incoming call. Would be 5 if it did.
This is awesone but sucks battery like ne thing...plz do something 4 this....
becausr of the new update it force closes too much
Hebat
1. When receiving a call from mobile phone, the caller's name/photo don't show up - only the number (unrecognised)  2. If I receive a notification while the screen is locked, I unlock, go to the notification bar and try to launch the notifying app, however then I am presented again with the lock screen. This is very annoying.
After the update ...  As soon as unlock d go locker ... D default locker appears n vanishes ...which is quite annoying
When you setup the pattern you can easily unlock the phone by pushing the home button twice. I suggest not using a pattern with the galaxy s 3.
the seetting cannot open and show the error...
My Atari and Nintendo emulators have lag when I use go locker but when i desable it,then everything works  fine. Please fix. 5 stars waiting!
With master on buttn. Unlocked screen pops up...then the locker pops up..annoying	need to be able to change background pic
I got error while download this app
No comment
I like!
Ok. But slowed down entire system ..
When i restart my phone, stock lock screen still shows.. so i must unlock 2 lockscreen.. fix it please .. and i'll αđđ 2 xtra stars..
My only issue is with the music player both the skip and back keys perform the same action, skipping the song, other then tht its great better then I remember and improving. Droid X
lockar
My incredible s is still not working with the volume button too. It's android ICS.
I've used it for a few days and noticed that Go Locker drains my battery way much. I love this apps but I need to let it go since it eating away my battery life. Can anyone fix this issue? Thank you.
Its just so much better way to have quick access to main functions and get notifications.
Drains battery like no it's going out of style. A shame, because I love Go apps otherwise.
Is there a way to disable the wake lock when the volume rocker is hit? Did I miss something?
luv u go launcher team......gv ma ace plus an awesome look......wid those lockers
I love it!
Whenever I unable golocker, a few days later it enables itself again and goes back to 24hr time. Please fix!!
Doesnt always work
tmj
I love the different lockers : )
Keeps enabling itself so I uninstalled it
machod
I like go locker very much, but i hate go launcher and can not stand the fact that you have to have it to ran go locker. Sorry had to uninstall. Have to go with second best Magic locker.
I love go lock.. Keepcwork uhp...
I love this app
Doesnt showx the name n Caller image. Fix it plz.
Great app! However one of the main problem I have is that when I open any app my phone sometimes locks on its own. Also if there was an option to customize the shortcuts on the lock screen it would be awesome. I will give 5 stars if these can be corrected.
What is error 403.?
Best!
Application is good but consuming more battery and reduced the backup hrs....
Screen flickers when I unlock with custom system background. :( please fix.
Simply nice .
<3
Nice locker
Since the new update my music can't be controlled when locked. I have the setting on but it wont play unless I already have music playing. Before the update it worked fine.
Had been using Widget Locker, but was slow to go to the home screen. Go locker GOES FAST!!
My lock password doesn't go with this app. Like, with this go locker. It jus unlocks my phone. It doesn't have it to where I enter my password aswell which means anyone could gett in my phone?? How the hell do you put it to where you can enter your password after you slide the lock down? I don't want my phone to freely unlock with no set password.
While on a skype call the proximity sensor turns the screen dark but go locker locks it. One has to unlock the phone to view ongoing skpype call. This Doesn't happen on regular phone calls, please fix this for skype too. Thanks. Galaxy S
would be great to have an option of auto screen rotation.. Landscape would look outstanding for this.
Can u actually lock this Please FIX so it can lock
Usually a great reliable app, but most recent update has broken media player controls for use with TuneWiki. Please fix for 4 stars, add song name and artist for 5 names, thanks!
Looks great. Doesn't work right. Biggest problem: when a call comes in it says unknown. It also doesn't show the picture.  Also, it flashes the wallpaper screen BEFORE lock screen. Please fix!! If fixed I  will rate higher
Lock screen doesn't respond half the time...just cuts screen off with no locker sequence
nice
Whenever I use the music controller on my lock screen, I cannot key in my pin for my screen lock.  Hope that it will work with popular music player such as poweramp.
Please fix! Constantly says unknown caller.
Hey it has a bug, when i for example check mails or simple phone notifications after i input the unlocking pattern, the old built in s3 security pattern lockers appears too and only after i use the combination the phone is really unlocked
Overall, I like and use GO Locker. However I'd like to see the following improvements: * Contact photos displayed on incoming calls. Not sure why this doesn't work. It might be that the software needs to be smarter about matching country/area codes that may or may not be present in Caller ID strings. * The ability to display a calendar (e.g. today's events). * The ability to customise which apps are available from the lock screen (independent of theme).
Live with walkman still can be unlocked using walkman key press..
Works well as a security feature. However, does not recognize callers that I have in my contact list. Says number, but no name. Also removed the vibrate when I recieve a notification. Other than that works smoothly. Please fix these bugs
I like it good app
Good app! Only problem is is that when im not using the "go locker" app it keeps changing the lockscreen by itself and checks it off as if i did it. Please fix!!!!!
I used to like this app but the music player won't work and it states a wrong song I was playing Payphone but in the music player was Party Rock Anthem
It would be nice to have the option to delay the lock. If I turn the screen off and then turn it back on within two minutes, I hate having to unlock the phone again.
I would be in love with this app if it wouldnt require go launcher. Its really annoying. Also when i press lock button i need to wait a bit for app to properly lock. I really hate it. But thr themes are just awesome.
Not too nice but ok
very slow use 3mb of internal memory....and day by day....it more very bad update
Awesome!!
To the developers of this app, I would just like to say that it is not an "actual" locker. If you press the home button twice, the phone will be unlocked. I hope you can fix this because what's the point of the locker if it can be simply unlocked by the home button. Thanks ^_^
Not able to move on sd card.and there is only one lock which is worst worst...
This app allows awesome customization! Love it
I like it
Needs to get rid of that extra 0 when not in 24hr mode(very ugly) keep the themes coming, w/more camera unlock as well.
Some fixes are needed otherwise great app..mainly home button long hold by passes lock
But after the update on the 22nd everytime I unlock my phone it force closes please fix I only had it for 3 days
it's good but the music switch thing doesn't work.
Great app but needs more work like background change and allow more icons that can actualy be used as shortcuts.
I like the caller id, but it always says unknown and shows no contact info. And it would be nice to have options to change how it looks
But is laggy to unlock...
But is laggy to unlock...
Not much screens built in.
This only happens when I am using the go launcher but when I am at my lock screen I can just press the home button to automatically go to the home screen which defeats the purpose. If it weren't for the amazing themes I probably would have scrapped it off my phone a long time ago. It's cute and all but since it doesn't "lock" the phone, I see no practicality other than the fact that it looks nice.
still the music player shortcut doesn't work. If I'am going to play a song it says "playing" and suddenly it pauses. I really want to have a music player shortcut even my phone is locked but its music player shortcut doesn't work for me. Please fix this! This locker application is the best here in google play store. Good luck!
still the music player shortcut doesn't work. If I'am going to play a song it says "playing" and suddenly it pauses. I really want to have a music player shortcut even my phone is locked but its music player shortcut doesn't work for me. Please fix this! This locker application is the best here in google play store. Good luck!
When I am on the lock screen I am unable to pull down notification bar. Also I would like a working music widget in the lock screen
awsome..
This is one very good app but the latest update with the new feature (slide to answer calls while phone is still locked) is very cool dont get me wrong but if it also comes with problems then why release the new update when u know there are problems??? (very pointless o_O) but other than that its a very good app and u can have a custom lock theme like u can do any pic of ur own that u want and I personally LOVE THAT IDEA!!! Please fix the problem that I listed up above please and then I will redo my rating.
Thx
Just more options is all like tacticle feedback while unlocking and using the entire screen for unlocking such as the pattern.
Any Go stuffs will not make phone smooth like genuine appearance, I feel who makes these things are pretty cool,
hg
Its a great app to change my boring lock screen on my samsung galaxy ....but when people call I need to know who is calling instead of a UNKNOWN caller....please UPDATE to fix this Xc
I am using sony ericsson, and there is a walkman button on my phone, can it be also locked??
Not sure it its go locker that keeps slowing everything down but if this update doesn't fix the problem its getting deleted.
Ok ...not good
Sometimes gets unlocked without showing locker screen
could you guys add an option where users get to choose the time lag before the screenlock comes into use after blackout? makes it more convenient as I often use my phone for reading.
As soon as I'm on the lock screen and push "home" im on home screen without entering my lock-code! Thats a big fat minus to me. Pls fix this.   -MENFIST-  Xperia mini pro
Why do you need to make calls from my phone. I don't like the new permissions.
When my screen is locked and I try to back to the last song that just played with the music controller it only goes forward to the next song please fix. HTC Thunderbolt
Would be five stars but whenever my screen goes dim, I have to unlock my phone with the password every single time! PLEASE FIX!!!! I also noticed that it would ruin my calibration when texting!!!
Cud be better if it was installed on memory card. Eats up my fone space.... Otherwise gud
Good........ App in market
Music controller does not work on my Samsung Galaxy Y (GT S5360).
Securities doesn't work for my samsung galaxy young. Please fix it.
Gud
Call screen always shows "Unknown Caller" and the launcher background instead of the locker background. Audio controls are handy on the default locker, cumbersome on any others.
Before the latest update, it locks properly. After the update, it doesn't. Once I press the home button, it unlocks! Shouldn't be this ways! Else worth 4 stars n above.
Why read SMS?
Gh
When i enable the locker i can't get Go SMS pop-ups on receiving texts
I love the slider to answer but when I slide it my phone keeps ringing so I miss the call plus the caller comes up unknown!
Good very nice.
When go locker is on,apps like poweramp can't use its screenlock option.
I'd give it 5 stars if It'd allow me to type in my pincode the first time I slide it to unlock. Sometimes I had to slide it 2 or 3 times to get it so it let's me type in my pin. Fix that!!
I think yall should put a delay timer on the security password so I wont have to put it in every minute or two that is the only thing that I think this app is missing
Please fix the bug when i double click my home button it brings up the recent apps list and you can instantly unlock the phone. Please fix this problem and I will start using this app again.
when i try to slide to answer my phone it keeps going to my music app, but other that i like the update..
Dshgjjddsjd
frezzes up an stops working alot on lg phones
I just like it
I hate that i can hit the home button and unlock my phone...i had to download another app to stop people from getting on my phone at work. Not cool.bother than that i love the droid guy wit the lightsaber hahaha
I love it! However, the slide to answer feature doesn't show the name and picture of the person calling even though they are saved in mu contacts. Pls fix ..... Other than that, I love it!
This phone is known for  LGs terrible custom skin placed over the Android OS. even though this phone has a 1.5 GHz dual core processor it lags like call of duty. GO locker fixes these problems so I LIKE IT!
This app is nice. And answer call slide should be fixed
Locker..hehe
good
nice app
Its cool.. but whys the home button can unlock? Its unlocked when I press the middle home button once/twice.. fix it? Thats the major prob.
Need land scape mode
It so cool
There are really nice lockers but lockers with the music thingo do not respond! For e.g i was listening to a song and than i wanted to stop it on the locker but nothing happens, the song doesnt stop :/ please fix.
Create your own
Too many themes cost money, but it's still a good app overall.
I'm not sure if I am having the only problem but the music player on the default theme, when you press the back button to either repeat the track or go to a previous track, it goes forward. Like having to forward buttons. Generally a good app though..
please keep provision for adding owner's name in the locker screen
Not bad
There should be a horizontal view for lockscreens too. If that happens, one more star would be awarded. If there is a feature to enable/disable volume rocker wakeup, there that would be awesome.
I love it but after a month it started to freeze wouldn't let me in my phone for hours and would crash often
Still learning
Them
My only issue is the stock lock screen is still there so I jave to go through mutiple screens to unlock my phone. I didnt have this issue with magic locker but I didnt like the themes and all my other apps are by Go so I switched. Fix it please!!
Almost every other time I unlock my phone it freezes and restarts, it is only when I have go locker installed, please fix!
Ok
Amazing really works!!!
Read contact table and the sms ......???????
Music Player keys on the lock screen does not support winamp, cube and double twist. Only thing  default player it supports please help fix it.
It would be a great lockscreen if the music controls worked and if the screen would stay off when adjusting music volume. What I mean by the music controls dont work is no matter what option I use under the Music controller setting, the pause/play button is tempermental and the "previous track" button is just like having another "next track" button because all it does is skip to the next track. Also, there is no option to turn off the sound that plays when the screen is unlocked. The lockscreen sound is turned off in the android sound settings and there is no option for it in the GO Locker settings. It would be the perfect lockscreen if these things were fixed.
Solved my problem of accidental 911 call. Looks better than stock, only thing is that the password can be bypassed by the 3d button on the LG thrill, that needs fixing
I have a PIN lock, but whenever I play music it only lets me type the code if I relock it.
Works great for me but needs the owner info on lock screen like the stock ics version to continue using.
Can you please make the reponding time when i lovk and unlock the device faster? And when i power my device off and then back of, the default lock screen is there. And the fact that it kills my battery so quickly. Other than those bugs, this app is totally great
Just needs improvement on the music player control the back button only goes forward
It has a lot of cute themes but u can't lock it with a code. I was able to unlock it once with my code n then the golocker screen popped up I unlocked that one but after that I was never able to put my code in to unlock my phone. I need a lock app with a code with cute themes
Not bad
Great
Verynice.....
gud
Like others it unlocks when menu button is pushed. I like the over all look and feel but could only bring myself to give 3 stars because I keep my d3 in my pocket
It terminates the application whatever we r using when screen gets locked..its very irritating.pls fix it
Not very customizable. Also if you turn screen off and on it wont lock
L
Hi, I installed this application in my phone because my friends suggested me very good application will not have any problem. But when I installed yesterday my phone started to reboot automatically I dont know what is the cause for this issue. I am using ICS and Avast antivirus I suspect some sort of bug is there in software. Guys fix it otherwise you itself try in ICS version with Avast antivirus installed phone. Now I have removed this application and now everything seems to be working fine.
Does NOT allow for pattern locks or of any other sort. Does NOT allow you to get out of the 24hr time format. Does NOT allow you to change date format.   Ill edit my review when it gets better.
Nothing
It can unlock itself while in our pocket. Then accidentally call my friends
Uninstalled this application love it except it bypasses my pin every single time I may as well not have one with this app,  please update so I can reinstall
Loss power of batery.sometime not unlock by pin
If I use the option of 12 hr clock, I dont want to see the zero in the first slot.   This drives me crazy on all your products..
Poweramp lockscreen doesn't work so 3 stars, if it will work I will give 5 stars
I had this for about 2 months then it automatically made up a pin so I had to restart my phone and it erased almost eveything I can reboot some things but all my contacts gone
Hella
This update isnt promising as all the reviews said, but you should also make it possible to switch between silent and normal mode even if its locked, also everytime i need to change the volume level, the screen goes on.. Fix please!
Where's the music icon gone?
A gus app
Its so kool
It is awesome but it turns on when listening to music and you move the volume up or down and it would be nice to see face unlock
I love this app so much... It makes ur phone very customizable, my only concern is that whole malware, trojan thing. If its not a problem, why put it on there? It just makes me nervous
Keep it up guys Well done
ツシ彡
if I receive an SMS it will pop up on the screen and I am able to open the thread or txt back without putting in an unlock code
It's an okay alternative to the standard locker. Themes are strangely expensive (around $3 each...) and there is no easy way of demoing them. It also needs the option of customizing shortcuts. Finally, the time displays in a confusing format... It adds a leading 0 to the time even if you're not in 24 hour mode. Which means that if you understand 24 hour time, you are going to be thrown off.
Nice
THIS APP IS GREAT I REALLY LIKE IT FOR ITS DETAILING BUT IT FREEZES UP MY PHONE AND MAKES IT WHERE I CANT VISIT OTHER PAGES. IF THAT CAN BE FIXED THIS APP WOULD RATE 5.
So laggy and glitch now..... Atrix 2
pls give the update version 1.5 then i'll 5stars
Bakwas
Themes are making this app look rich but it is getting unlocked simply by pressing home key or sometimes back key. This doesnt happen everytime but often. Pls fix it up. Otherwise it deserves 5 pt.
I love the Go apps but this one doesn't have a pin or password or anything. Defiantly uninstall because of that.
wonderful app.it can make our cell look like anything.
Free is nice...no comment
good
Saya comel x)
cool
gud
It works when it wants to
It doesnt really lock your phone because I found a way through it without putting in the code. Fix that and I will get it again!!
nice
it make word android work...
It's a very nice app . But the music keys function in it has some problems . The next button plays the next song , but even the previous button also plays the next song . I hope next update would solve this problem . Then it would be a 5 star app
always shows media scanner and go locker default theme is always running not my premium themes. please click this helpful if you have same experience.  to remind go locker team
set your home key defaults to golocker.. instead of golauncher..
graphics are good but don't  like it
Unlock if you press home once on HTC Amaze.
My phone will unlock if I press the home key! So if anything were to happen to my phone, anybody would be able to gain access. Please fix, because I really do love Go Locker! Great Themes!
Better- Arnab(Bittu)
zubucan nio 2 COoLL
I would love to have this, but I also have the app "Seek Droid" and Seek Droid allows me to remotely change my passcode from a computer incase it gets stolen. But if I have Go Locker, it doesn't change it. If anyone can help, please let me know
I dont want music controller.how can i remove it from the locker screen ?
very nice
Press "home" twice to unlock... Dont run to many apps in back ground it my glitch/slow down the unlock.
Nice work I love this soooooo much
Still needs a timer for activating the security code thats the only thing it needs for me
The app is good but i can't change the music nor start music at all during stand-by.
Still has few bugs or else would have given 4 stars
The lock screen wakes up with volume buttons. dont like that.. fix it and will download again and give 5 stars. (I listen to music a lot, im constantly setting volume with phone on my pocket..battery dies quick with screen waking up)
If phone gets lost or stolen people can still access everything by turning it off and turning it back on. As long as they keep their screen on go locker wont activate, unless it goes off on its own, they can just restart the phone again
I love the go locker. Only problems are it DOES unlock if u press home button twice like people are saying (I've ben wondering y my phone unlocked in my pocket and now I know y because of other reviewes) wich never happened with my defult lock. and when I lock and unlock my phone the go locker takes a minute to load instesd of working right away. PLEASE IMPROVE
Good
It is really a gud app to change ur screen lock
nice....
It' s fine but lags
Really great themes, really great look and initiative but you can easily bypass the lockscreen by holding the power button and then pressing home.  I'd like to see them fix this but I guess as long as no one else finds out it's not a problem
So many ways to go past the lock without using the drawing password. -.-
all you have to do is pull down the notification bar really fast, and click on something to unlock, 5 stars when fixed
Awesome app. Reason for the three star are the non stop ads in my status bar. All the GO applications have these and I downloaded almost all of them...imagine all the junk ads I get FROM ALL OF THEM. Would totally buy paid version?
good but some time it is slow...
Aghhh loved this app now all i get is not responding force close. Please fix or im uninstaling........
Can someone tell me whats the point of having a go locker lock screen app when you can simply unlock it by pressing the home button.This means your phone unlocks when in your pocket or if kids press this button so calls etc can be made by mistake!This clearly needs to be fixed!!
Its alright , crashes alot , but good
it messes up at times .
Would be rated higher but the volume button now unlocks my phone for some reason.
Thanks for fixing the bug asap
Not going to download until the issue with avast is fixed
thanks dude, my phone look better now :D
Ugh
Doesn't comes = Magic locker
it has nice UI  but its very heavy and my nokia n900 becomes unresponsive sometimes
its great, it just need a lot of customization options like the other GO apps.
Music controller doesn't show up on lock screen
Nt bad
I like how you can customize it. I have been having issues with it foreclosing on me and with phone calls it takes a long time to, let the screen show the call. Kinda sucks since my touch screen is the only way to answer my phone
I'm able to bypass the security lock by clicking the home button on the galaxy s2 even when disabled in the options which is poopy. It does look very pretty ^^
Skip lock screen doesnt work
ok
It froze sometimes
Cool
Good app
When the locker is on, I like that I don't have to unlock my phone to change the song. But.... when I try to replay a song it plays the next song instead. I can't go back. Both arrows play the next song. Fix this please!! And another thing. I hate how I have to unlock my phone every time the screen goes off. I wish the lock turned on after 10 minutes instead of locking my phone every time my screen turns off...
Its ok
Its good but, its a bit slow? Unlocks slowly.
I like go locker, but makes my mobile slower & battery go low very fast
Not workin properly.... Force closing every time. fix it...
would be much better if the lock button is only way to open the screen of the phone..this app made my volume button as a lock button too..but this app is cool..please update more
good but we have to see how strong it works
There probably is a way a didn't look hard enough but I dislike that you cannot add a screen lock and it doesn't lock the first time you hit the lock/power button
app shortcuts are very helpful, but the music controls don't work
This app sounds good but i cant download it :/
Good design but substantially increase my battery consumption. Will reinstall until there is any improvement in the power management.
nice been waiting for this from the time i got my galaxy y! thanks!
but it kills my battery
I like that i can see the name of the song... And it doesn't shuffle anymore... But when I want to go to the previous song, it actually goes to the next, please fix the bug- galaxy s2!
Works Really Well Just When You Turn On The Power, The Security lock screen is slow
gud
If you close and open your phone fast it takes a few seconds for it to come back. HTC EVO 3D
Ok
GO locker doesn't support the android Huawei ascend :(
Its good.
Some very neat looking 3rd party locks, but lacks the ability to delay the locking system. It gets very frustrating when you have to unlock your phone every time it times out. If this feature gets added in the future maybe this app will have some great potential.
Best aap
try
I hate that I need download go launcher to use it actually go launcher bugs me
Keeps changing back to the default locker.
i turned my phone on and i cant do anything but accept calls because go locker wont run or force close. so im gonna have to reset my phone. -____- thanks alot
Would be 5 stars of go launcher ex wasn't required to be installed to use it.
It's nice, but on my HTC Desire it takes a few seconds for the lock screen to appear when I push the power button, during which time it's possible to interact with the phone. ie it isn't really "locked".
Nice
Cd
Its working. Good. On my aisha.
The one thing that's stopping me from using this application on a regular basis is, when you lock your phone and then press any volume key, it awakes the phone. It becomes annoying when you are playing music and your headphones don't have volume keys.  Small thing, but it's the only reason why I don't use it. If there is a setting that changes that, please inform me.
But you should be able to set a custom background
I worked well for a few days, now force close every time home button is pressed... very sad, previously I gave 4 star.
Why dint unlock when Go SMS receive new msg even I ad put the setting at Go SMS to unlock and screen on when received new msg?
Everytime i press Home button to go to home page (after unlocking the phone),it will direct me to my original phone's locker. Pls fix!
Great
I am using LG p500 while enabling gesture lock it asks to send mail, but while receiving the mail there is no image or attachments in that. Please fix this
ye downlode ku ni hota
It's visually nice and appealing. One small glitch to fix is when music is playing,  the back track button plays the next song.
Someone can easily unlock your MyTouch4G my pressing the Genius Button first then the Home button next . FIX THIS PLEASE .
I think has scr** the ringtones the ring without someone calling .... This update doesnt work well..was perfect I dont know if the go launcher update has something to do Htc desire LOVE THE NEW ICON
I noticed that my screen turns on and off randomly when it should be sleeping. I noticed in the permissions list it said "keeps phone from sleeping". If this is fixed, I may reinstall. I like the look and it worked well besides the screen on by itself thing.
Bez!
Under the theme category, it is always loading and never loads the rest of the items in the list..please fix..
Under the theme category, it is always loading and never loads the rest of the items in the list..please fix..
I have loved go locker but now security is broken.  The pattern is totally bypassed by just hitting the home key.  Please fix devs
Need some improvement. After enter the security password, can please don't directly unlock it? After improve I will rate it five star. I am looking forward for the next update.
Doesn't have variety
I got a problem where sometimes the lock screen doesn't respond to my swipes or touches (this is when I turn on the screen). It is rather troubling when I have to do something quickly. And also, holding down the shutdown button still shows options; a def no-no! What happens if I lose my phone and want to track it? The person could easily switch off my phone without passing through my security lock! Please fix!
The problem with this is that when you lock it all you have to do is press the home key and it will automatically unlock can you please fix.
I really like go locker BUT it forces close too much, please FIX!
Love this app
I really thought it was a good app but very time I pressed the home button it just won't and says something about what default blahh bblahh crap
Average
Ok..
App was  great but after update I have tons of issues on my lock screen. When I unlock with slide to access phone , message or basic unlock phone lags and flashes the old lock screen a few times. Please help!
I'm statisfied
Main reason why I uninstalled it. When I press previous to go back to the song played previously, it would play the next song rather than the opposite. Please fix this and I will reinstall.
I really like all the themes, but when I go to unlock the phone there is a delay before it shows up and then a delay for the pattern to unlock it
Super good
Updated: I still get a double lockscreen the first time after the phone is restarted, which is annoying. Agree with other reviews, there should be a config'able delay before the lockscreen goes active. Sensation 4G rooted.
Locker is acceptable, however It would be better if you could move the clock to either, bottom, middle or top
I really like this App, used to be really good, I love all the different lock screens you can get, however an update somewhere down the line has messed this App up, I'll unlock my phone, then when I go to open a new App up the HTC lock screen comes up which is just a pain. Plus sometimes when I press the unlock button it unlocks without needing to swipe or anything, then eventually the lock screen will come up.  If this gets sorted I'd happily give this five stars.
I love the look of this locker, but after go launcher restarts, phone restarts and random other times I get a double lock screen.
Would have five stars if it wasn't sooo glitchy!
Nice locking system
Improve more  lock themes
This is a great app, but on the default theme anyone can slide down the notification bar and press home to unlock the phone...PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
Freezes often for unknown reasons on EVO 4G
Too many unecessary permissions. Fix and get 5 stars.
Too many unecessary permissions. Fix and get 5 stars.
The issue I have is that their is a delay before the lock screen shows up which is a deal breaker for me. Otherwise, very nice. HTC evo 3d.
I love this app! I'm huge into customization so all of go developments apps are perfect for me
Umm.. i set up a lock for it but i just found out that you can unlock it too by pressing the home button on your phone , please fix just that and 5 stars for you.
Could be one of the best, if i could change the music volume without the screen turning on (galaxy s2)
This app is great but necessarily needs a timer for the security lock because it is annoying when using to phone to enter it after every unlock, five stars if available
But doesn't really add enough to the standard lock screen for me, makes the process of unlocking slower (using code).
Hoo
Visually good.. but can be easily bypassed by pressing the home key twice. Quite disappointing actually, coz it misses the point of putting a lock screen in the first place..
This is a nice application but have thiz problem.Kindly fix it plz.....!!! After fix i vl gv 10 star
It is a good application, just like pretty much every other Go application, but my phones normal ui let's me choose if I want to unlock my screen with just the lock/unlock screen button, or with any button. Go locker does NOT give you that choice, and it's pretty annoying. It also messes with my touch controls when trying to play a game. I uninstalled it and that stopped. HTC Hero S
Excellent
I really like the different lock screens, but I want the ability to delay the security unlock. Having to unlock the phone every time is frustrating.
Yep
This is ok though you have to download another app before you can actually use it. Apart from that I would have gave it full stars x
When my Photon is on it's HD Dock,I would rather NOT tilt my head just to look at the time! Please Fix!
I have a Blackberry style shaped phone (HTC ChaCha/Status) so I need to use unlocker in horizontal view. Otherwise good.
this has been giving me problems, doesnt always unlock, as in im not always able to pull my lock screen down. its seems as if its not sensitive to touch at all sometimes.
When i use handcent sms the pop up wont appear over the Golocker screen. pleaseeeee fix....
It would more great if you can make the music title visible when using then music controller
I used to love the app but now it has multiple problems and works when it wants to. Well go back to 5 if it gets fixed.
I LOVE IT but can't use it alot because it desperately needs a lock timeout option. Add this n it gets 4-5 stars easily PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE add the screen lock timer
Nice work I like it working good on my phone.
Please add the ability to add widgets to the lock screen, especially music players. For that reason alone, I can't use Go Locker.
Locker Is not compatible with htc explorer:(:(!! Bad news for me... Please launch a version compatible with this phone... I luv go launcher and locker... Plz do something.. giving 1 star only for formality...
Facing one problem, by using notification from sliding bar of mobile, it always bring the lock screen of pattern password of default mobile.  So its very irritating. Pls correct the problem.
Screen keeps turning itself on after latest update.
Security lock do not allow setting password, which is a pity, but other than that, its great
Great app bit slow at times nd wud lik more custom features on default xperia x8
Awesome can personalise my phone no errors seen
Works well, nice replacement. Would like to see an emergency dial pad though still works well
i like the way that i can customize the wall paper and put a security to unlock the screen
u can provide more choice for locker wallpaper as  ur default wallpapers are good
it neva uses my contacts. please fix the prob. it still shows unknown caller .
H
Good lock apps.
I am loving apparently it making me believe.that my phone is a iPhone
I wish they could update were u couldn't unlock it from the home button
The back button on the music controller doesn't work, it just goes to the next song instead, which is the opposite of what it should be doing.  For the slide to answer, the background image is some default background. It would be nice for this to change to the background I currently put as customized instead.  It is nice, but definitely glitchy.  HTC Inspire 4G
It takes two bars when reducing and increasing volume.. can you make it reduce or increase just 1 bar to make it perfect? And also screen turns on when reducing and increasing volume. Everything is perfect 4 me except 4 this one. Pls fix it.. thank you.. "galaxy y" gt-s5360
Needs to have the delayed lock function like the stock locker. I'm using the Samsung epic 4g touch and it has an option to delay the locker when the screen turns off. This feature made mekeep using the stock locker.
Works awesome
Everything works except for MP3 player.
Great app but Why it cannot be activated without go launcher?
nice. if it works without go launcher i wil give 5 star
Great
Pls let this app movable into Sd Card... tnx  Fix that!
Please add more security options, like face lock.!!!    I've been waiting for a long time now!!
I can't answer my calls using my earphones when the caller ID thing is on.   When I press the previous button in the music player, it goes to the next song.  Also, would it be possible to add the song title and artist in the music player? :)
wish to Unlock by using volume button
Everytime I get a message after my phone is inactive for a while, i slide it open and my phone freezes. The msg doesnt open and i need to force close and reopen through smspro. Fix this and u will get 5 stars :)!
Needs the ability to customize individual themes while in random
Great locker, great themes. Then why ★★★★? It is because sometimes when. You power on the phone, it goes to home screen or your last opened app and there's a delay before Go Locker kicks in. Until this is fixed, my ratings will stay at 4 stars.
Luv it
Nceeeee........
It drain battery...
Used to love this app. Until I realised that after the 4.0.4 update on Samsung galaxy S3, and it makes apps die randomly when used.
Locker works great! However slide to answer calls always comes up "unknown " even if they are in my contacts. and half the time i cant answer calls STILL.  Fix this and 5 stars!
Little slow when the keyboard show..and there's some bug..
This is s great app. I would give a five star if we could include our own backgrounds for incoming calls.
It's nice but I'm having issues answering my phone. The next update should fix that. Right? *nudge*nudge*
Nice app but it can be easily bypass. Shut down the phone n turn it back on then your in the phone. Since this is an app it takes time to load after a reboot therefore u can access the phone without the go locker screen ever showing up. I would give it a five star if go dev fix this problem.
Locks are too good
Great can't get any better
awsome yr mast app hai
The latest version doesn't work well with full screen unlock, the unlock transition fade is so lag. Hope to reverse to previous version!
App cant b move 2 sd card fix dis
Been using it for a ehile now and i like it... I notice that when I turn off the visible pattern on the security settings it comes on on itself after a while is a bother having to turn it off again and again  over all pretty good...
love the app. great customization and what not... but i wish it supported the landscape view as i tend to use that view more than the portrait view. GIVE ME MY LANDSCAPE SUPPORT! lol. just found this out. when the phone is locked using the app, if you hold the power button til it goes to the power menu, then the home button, it unlocks. not sure if thats suppose to happen, but.it should be looked in to
How do I change the time?
Lots of good lockscreens to pick
I wish there where diffrent color lines for the unlock screen! The yellow is gross but beside that its a good app
Application is pretty good..still needs sme update...
has anyone noticed that when your phone is switched off and then back on, it's an open book!!!!! all the security lock has been defeated. what ever you wanted to protect is in full display.
Jat
THERE IS A WORK AROUND BUT IF YOU HAVE LOADS OF CONTACTS IT TAKES ALOT OF TIME....IF NUMBERS HAVE +44 OR OTHER PRE FIX FOR NON UK. YOU HAVE TO REMOVE THE +44 AND ADD 0 EG...07984 INSTEAD OF +447984....OR IF THE NUMBERS OF CONTACTS HAVE 079-84 YOU HAVE TO REMOVE THE - SYMBOL FROM IN BETWEEN THE NUMBERS. THIS WORKED FOR ME AND LOOKS GREAT WHEN RECEIVING CALLS WITH CONTACT PIC AND NUMBER. I'VE EMAILED GO DEV'S AND THOUGHT THIS UPDATE HAD FIXED THE PROBLEM BUT USER'S ARE STILL SAYING IT'S STILL BROKEN. :-(
Its good
Excellent best among all
Pretty gud app... Lv it..!! more funky themes can add on..
Working slow means opening slow thats why i m giving 4 stars
Qhen people call me it always says unknown other than that woeks great!
Back to normal and running smooth after the problems with latest update. Thanks.	No longer working, freezing phone, and crashing since update. Was great up until this point. Please fix!
im using this app and im satified
It has issues and you can just unlock it by pressing the home button and so my phone has unlocked many times and called people. And I don't like how you have to go to the playstore and download everything that you want.
nice app
...the slide on incoming calls only shows the default background (the locker uses launcher's background).
good app.i like it.
When I try to change the song to the previous song it continues to go to the next song. That REALLY needs to be fixed. Other than its a good app.
Good
bhhh
bhhh
If featured themes displays only paid themes Theo make it such a way that people can hide it
Need the option to set how long before lock screen activates. Other than that its great!
The only thing I don't like is ...when phone screen lock and again turn it on instantly then it takes a lot of time to appear to be unlocked ...mean the screen won't work !
Saludos para mi casa
Music Controller is not working. Please fix this problem. This is useful.
I like the walpaper behind it kts verrrryyyy nice
Go locker is best apps
ماشي حالو بس لو فيه ثيمات اكتر فيه بكون احسن
It's good but when i instal it my mobile get hang.i have instal twice the same problem contineous.and as uninstal it than there no issue of hanging....plz help regarding the issue..
Have not seen any locker app more stable than this.
It isn't that bad.. ;) its cool how u can download so many different lockers :) I recommend!
It sucks
Freakin osm.!!
gud app...thnxx for the update..
Nt so reliable.....
I Love to use Go Locker.. :-) But am still havin problem with the incoming call function. When I turn it on and receives a call, all the 3 things will be entirely different..i.e., 1)the caller, 2)his name, and 3) his pic. So I get confused..Otherwise it would have been a great app.. Plz fix the problem.
Wow one of the best lockers I've ever used lately although for some reasons the music player on my locker screen won't work...
If you can change the clocks color and date because my background is white but I think it should be a great idea :)
Good application nice theme but the lock screen should have a timeout option. So if you just closed your phone 30 secs ago or your screen timed out you don't have to do the unlock password again if you have one set. Besides that great application.
Would be great if there was a DIY lock maker so more customisation was possible etc: positioning lock icons, what widgets to put on screen and clock type etc.
I <3 "go" ds app is owsmw bt it slows dwn smetym so pls just wrk on ds...it feels lyk ma phne is hangd
Needs emergency call feature desperately!
Does what it's supposed to do
When I am on the phone and go to test the lock screen. It doesn't work at all. It works fine when I'm off the phone but with a little lag getting to the lock screen once I press the power button twice. Otherwise it's a great app 5stars if this never happened
Are showing both.  How to prevent it?  Ill give 5 after
The music add on is great. Just wish it looked nicer/was in the center. But when enabled, the lock sounds are on :(
Gud thaanks
Pls fix the music keys
Get some ics UI
It still says unknown when I use slide to answer. Even if the people are in my contacts list. Even after the update.
It won't lock phone's buttons !!! wake up by every time I hitting the button accidentally. It's miserable
When I get calls from stored contacts my phone says unknown caller...whats up with that....didn't do that when I first installed the app a could of months ago
Works great on my phone. Excellent work devs. Just wish you could add an option for a 3 minute delay to lock screen before asking for pin again (like on HTC's scene lock screen).
Can you make it where the Gosms popup won't popup until it's unlocked? It pops up when it's still locked and when I unlock I have to one Gosms
This app was working great until today, something in the  update I'm assuming. Gives me a black screen when I try to access settings. Would love to see it fixed.
Would've been five if the music player was adaptable to different music apps. No body listens to radio constantly. Please fix. Otherwise good job guys.
Its awesome but get a Landscape orientation
Its awesome but get a Landscape orientation
Needs support for jellybean on nexus 7. Amazing app for a great price...free.
Hmm should fix a little on it nd it would be good , Sorry only 3 stars
I love this app! But, using the slide  caller thing, all of my numbers say unknown even if they are in my phone(motorola atrix 2)
I like it
Like this!
It great And diffrean
Great app:-)
Nice working in my htc....well done developers..
but I will not give 5 stars coz many of the themes are not supported on my galaxy y...... but it rocks...
but I will not give 5 stars coz many of the themes are not supported on my galaxy y...... but it rocks...
Gud one
Amazing nice
I love go locker, but I have a white'ish background, and you can't change it. Please fix for 5 starts!
Great app. You need to open the app and click on the 3 way slide icon found at the top right. Then you can set your pin there and other various options.
Super app
Download na kario
Its nice bt it does nt gv notification of ' private box ' . It irritates ... :(
Awesome App :-)
Make it come on my screen exactly when I turn my phone ON it comes 5 seconds after the screen is locked (on opening it takes much time to open the go locker (the app opens it))
Its relly a nice app....
Tu
Nice
Best locker app
Love the different locker themes I can customize my phone with. Some complained about the lack of a security setting, to keep unwanted people out of there phone. I didn't find that option until the next day. Now my gripe is I have to enter my passcode EVERY TIME my screen locks. Wish I could set the security lock to a timer just like the screen lock.
Would be five star. But unfortunatley when i get an incoming call the contact name doesnt pop up. Only the number. You should get this problem FIXED ASAP !
Very annoying glitch. When lock screen background is on launcher background, screen flickers when unlocked but on custom wallpaper transition is smooth. Awesome besides that.
This app is great
Good
But the status bar is still working when the screen lock.
Cool
time set for the lock & for the music player to show song titles please! <3  Oh & the icon for the music should be smaller, please think about it :)
Good
I love Slide to answer calls, but it doesn't show the caller ID only the phone number. The music player works great but it would be nice if I could move it around on the Lock screen for certain themes it tends cover up the time. Please fix then 5 stars :-)
:)
ك
its a great app but consumes a lot of power
Nice app works to good and features are awesm
brunch
Works awesomely and has quite good reviews thanks for the reviews i am loving this app want more features in it thanks but beware it has a bit of mistakes which has to be fixed.
grt features....
J
Great apps
Try it I think its good but it can add more themes
great app but slide to answer dont work on my lg e510 :-(
Yah lumayan lah
Nice
I tried to uninstall it so I could do something but I can't figure out how to deactivate it! I've gone back many times but it doesn't work. pls make it easier to deactivate! Thanks
But not too many free things to choose from!
It's awesome...
This app is great ! Recently i changed my mobile cover and installed holo locker and the holo theme for my mobile and everyone thought i had bought another mobile!  Great app!
I cant replay the song I passed and I can't go back to a song ... Please fix!!
I can't backtrack my music on my homescreen fix this and u get 5 stars
Before the last update the slide answer go with the launcher background which was awesome but now it's just the default background! Also can u add the option of removing the status bar when the slide answer call come in. Thnx! Please fix!  It was great before... I had to install back  the older version to fix this problem...
good app
It iz jst an awesome app..but the only problem iz that we have 2 install go launcher for it...otherwise its good:-)
Pretty cool but please remove task bar from top its in the way
This is good but my phone has a second screen and it doesn't lock it so everything is pretty much able to be bypassed
Love it :) <3
Nic app...
Good
Great app
Awsum lockz....
Like
I lovr the GO apps
Good work..
High
Its fantwsticcc
good
Its really good . Love it  so nice...
Can we get the option to use alt. SMS!
gud
R
I love the design it looks very pretty and smartens the phone
How do you get to the GI Locker settings?!
Awesome I tried many of the lock themes but this was amazing
I hate it. It pops somethin up & i tried to delete ur, did it let me delete it? NO! FIX THIS PEICE OF CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellent app so far but should be integrated with lockscreen widget of music player such as player pro... another thng tht i experience is when i uninstall go locker, it made system so unstable tht thr is no other option except flashing rom so fix ths problem... good work til nw ... waiting for new update wid ths prblm fixed...
Probtem keeping password
I wish you could make this theme ^^ for GO LOCKER
The pattern lock still allows me to use the window selector button HTC one. This means I can circumnavigate the locker. Shame, it looks good to.
Okk I only have 2 problems with Go locker and they are..  1: When someone calls me it says Unknown Caller when that person is saved in my Contacts  2: When I listen to my music on my locked screen an I try to go to the previous song it just goes to the nxt song no matter how many times u press the previous button.  If you can fix these 2 problems then that would be great but other than this app is Fantastic along with the other Go Apps! But plz fix them im pretty sure many more ppl are havin the same problm
This best bro
Gud apps
This is perfect fire my phone only problem is these themes want to send you ads and want access to too much information.
While the application is a bit away from being the best locker application out there, it is quite good. The themes are varied and fun, and it works well for me on my HTC vivid. Now my biggest problem is needing go locker, I already have apex as my default and I find this to be annoying. Make it a possible standalone and I'll rate 5 stars.
Awesome!!
Works great other than a few delays.... Would be 5 stars if there was an option on when the phone would lock like a five minutes of no use and then lock rather than the only option being lock immediately
Awesome locker but takes 50mb space in running applications and drains battery uninstalled on my galaxy s2.
Like it but when opening apps from notification bar (e.g. whatsapp) it glitches up so hoping for a bug fix!
Nice.....
The only problem ix I hav to instal go launcher remove this
I really like it.
Good
no facebook avatars on slide to answer calls, more themes/background besides default for slide to answer would be awesome. my unlock feedback sound stopped working as well.  HTC Rezound 4G Android 4.0 ICS
Please make it so it locks right as you hit the lock button even if you have something running like a message sending or something
It works exactly how I want it to.
Dopest
Great app but, If you are at the lock screen and hold down the power button for options e.g 'power off' and then click the home button it takes you into the phone, this is with the pin lock enabled, please FIX ASAP!
Ummm maybe music controls...jea!
It is a real good app overall, but I would still give it four Stars because of the lack of music shortcuts.
I really love this application.
Display the music name for the locker!!!!
Nice
Absolutely love go locker except for one problem. On the lock screen the rewind button for music acts like a fast forward button. Fix it and get five stars
Best
Nice
Nice apps
No complains. Like this customization in Android.
I have go locker for my phone and love it tried to download to my samsung tablet but its not compatable. So my question is when will it be?
We can pt anylock design
I wish this didn't need go launcher to run, as I have switched to holo launcher for now. I'll probably go back to go launcher sooner or later, but I'd love to use go locker in the meantime.
Its really good. I like this.
Cant complain.
very good
Love it!!
If you hold the power off button then hit home the phone unlocks when it locked with a gester please fix
Needs so show contact info when someone is calling.
Needs so show contact info when someone is calling.
Sometime it freezes on go locker so 4 stars
Great app but somehow whenever I open an app from the notification bar, the screen locks. Why does tht happen?
: )
I like this locker, except the volume buttons turn on my screen. It's not enough to turn me away from it though.
Fine nt so gud
The most perfect locker for my phone.. it's cute and nicee
neha m aapko bhut like krta hu yar
Often unlocks accidentally by double-pressing "home". Recent fix works only if you use GO Launcher as home screen app
Shiva my Comment
Very useful
When I use the new feature it works most of the times, but it changes to the default background of the theme when someone is calling. I use launcher's background in my go locker settings and because of this, I'm not using the new function. Please consider fixing it.
,nice
Why arent there any  options for password ........pls put it there
This is a great app to have very clean aand organized if you know how to use it
When getting a call it displays only the default background and not the theme background, as others have mentioned. Please fix. Also, displays all contacts as "unknown" when getting a call. When those two are fixed will bump up to a 5.
Nice app but the lag time is ridiculous, between unlocking and home screen, and among apps. Droid 2 Global
Cant pick up the call using heat set and cant play songs...
Worked great at first now lock screen freezes and restarts my phone :(
Not sure
It would be even better, if you could customize the color of stuff, like the default locker, be able to change the color of the batter status when your charging your phone and the highlight color when you unlock your phone, it would make this app AMAZING!!
Noth intrstng
be cool mobile
Slide to answer wallpaper is default, please add options of change wallpaper in slide incoming call
Like this lock
Great but sometime show errior plez fix it ...
Awesome
Plz add sm more featutrs i. It as ring tones. ....
Diz app iz ite
D
This app is working smooth in my phone.... Only problem is I need to install Go Launcher to use this app... Otherwise it is a awesome app.....
Like it....
Amazing app
The beta function of answering calls works on my droid x2, but when I recieve a call it says unknown contact.
Its a great app... friends will be begging to know what app this is
very gud......
Yas
Instead of having to unlock the phone with a password every time the screen shuts off, add the option to do so after a specified time limit.
This is a great app. I just have one recomendation. When we play songs from the lock screen, can you just add the song's name to come so we know what song we're listening to? All it says is playing. But if the song's name would come up, it would be wonderful. Please make this change and Thank you for improving the music controller. It works better now. And all is left is the song's name. Just add that and it'll be perfect.
In general I like the locker. Nice options. The part I don't really like is a call slider. Even though I have caller I'd, everyone added to contacts  with photos it showed all calls as unknown. Please fix
Excellent
Awesome app except it doesn't list my messaging app, ChompSMS, as a default choice for messaging in the settings under "Default Messaging App". It only lists the stock app.
music control in the locker does not let you switch to previous song
Please add in silent toggle! thank you!
I am getting calls by new function but it doesn't displaying contact name... It shows unknown calling...
I am getting calls by new function but it doesn't displaying contact name... It shows unknown calling...
I like it. I would like it even more if it didn't slow my phone down 1/2 the time.
Forever to actually lock phone lags
Very nice app..... But 1thing I used to tell is wen full screen lock is off, status bar can be opened in the lock screen if we drag the status bar rapidly & repeatedly. ...plz fix it
FUN & FAB
Foo
No coment...
Would like more options for showing charging battery
Cool.
For some odd reasons, whenever my phone powers on, GoLocker doesn't show up on my phone. So an easy way to bypass it is rebooting my Galaxy S2.
I love but its laggy
Probably my phone. Go, Go!
Works great. I love the Cyrix theme I downloaded for this.One problem: it shows my wallpaper before locking sometimes. Fix this please?
Celkon android.   Very nice application ....  its useful ..
Great app. When its in the lock screen and I press my soft home button it will bypass the lock screen.
Xperia Arc
The clock is out of lockscreen in xperia arc s please fix it... Overall best app
luv u go launcher team......gv ma ace plus an awesome look......wid those lockers
luv u go launcher team......gv ma ace plus an awesome look......wid those lockers
Have this on samsung galaxy s and experiencing problems  They are screen not locking Or screen opening by itself
Music control does not working fix it then i'll give it 5 stars
Nice
I have GO Locker unabled but for the past two weeks I've had it unabled, it keeps enabling itself!! Its really irritating me and I don't want to uninstall this app. Please fix this issue.
Nice App
can't rotate pictures for lock screen background. wtf?
thats good
Super
Beautiful!
I love the different lockers : )
I hate that my volume button also lights up my screen.. really annoying when i'm just trying to increase or decrease the vlolume of the song i'm listening to.. started doing it after I downloaded this app please fix. Samsung Infuse
I like
Amazingly beautiful themes for your lock screen. A must-have for users who love creativity. The only problem is that it drains the battery a bit making it so that i can only charge my phone when it is turned off or it will continue to drain even on charge. A nuisance, yes but very beautiful graphics <3 thankyou GO!
Good
Really cool CRAZY animals on MORPHINE for houses
I had this earlier on the exhibit 4g from t-mobile and i regretted it almost immediately, because the lock screen doesn't require anything all you need to do is press the home button and it unlocks. Bad don't download.
I like it. But sometimes it stop working that's all :)
Keep getting the force close message on Droid Incredible.
This version seems to comsume battery so much. After 6 hours sleeping, my battery ran out a half. Im using htc incredible s. Anyone got this issue ?
This version seems to comsume battery so much. After 6 hours sleeping, my battery ran out a half. Im using htc incredible s. Anyone got this issue ?
It's awesome.
Some error 497 shows up while downloading rhis app... Its not getting downloaded..help!
G8 app. Rohitth
It's an awesome app and I love it although there is a slight issue, for my xperia, when you hold the lock button on it to open the power off menu and press the home button it unlocks. It also sometimes unlocks when I slide out the gamepad. I still love the app though
no comment fr this
It is good. Ones use it....
Not to bad but its very good for S3
Im not updating b/c I want to know why this needs permission to be able to "directly call numbers" now? I disagree. The older version works awesome for my phone as is. Wont be getting this update, other than that it'd be 5 stars!
It's a really nice lock screen replacement. Music control previous button goes forward the slide to answer is slower than just answering the phone. ROOT PHONE WARNING SHOWS POWER MENU WITHOUT HAVING TO UNLOCK PHONE FIRST SO CAN GET IN RECOVERY FROM LOCK SCREEN
The caller id update is great, it just needs to show the contact and picture. LG G2x
If can remove noise unlock sound is better
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
Make Go Locker activated ASAP when phone reboot. But other than that it's awesome.
Niceee Lovee Itt c;
How do u still use a lock for this? Like a pin, password, or pattern? Otherwise , its pretty good.. :)
I Love this application but when someone is calling it shows as unknown caller then when i answer it shows the number and picture...you guys need to fix this or I'll probably uninstall.
good but music shortcut on locker screen is not working.plz fix this  problem.
Heyy
Am getting error whn am downloading
Nice app, only one gripe. The feedback sounds shouldn't play with the amount of delay they do, and the unlock sound should ideally be a screen on sound I.e lock screen screen on instead of unlocked home
Please make unlock feedback to use sounds in external memory so that there would be a lot of sounds to choose...
Please make unlock feedback to use sounds in external memory so that there would be a lot of sounds to choose...
Its the best app ever for android .
Nice but needs more improvement for armv6 devices
Pretty cool app . But there is something wrong . I wish to customize my default message setting because I'm using Kakao Talk and also Whatsapp  and I have read the Q&A part .  its written there that I can cuztomize default message apps bu click "Go locker" icon and change it at the setting on Glide Down . But when I press on Menu (where the preference will appear) iand click on preference , I can't see "THEME SETTING" at all . Is this because of the android version of my phone (HTC wildefire) or its different .   Please do answer and check is there anything wrong with the app going on with HTC wildfire.
Ghdtuj
Usually a great reliable app, but most recent update has broken media player controls for use with TuneWiki. Please fix for 4 stars, add song name and artist for 5 names, thanks!
Cool app
Good apk...
Lumayan...
This is a great lockscreen replacement well worth the install would be even nicer and worth 5 stars if it was stand alone and did not require golauncher
Lost
Hey guys, can you put in compatibility with delayed locker, or introduce an option that does the same in the next update.  Also, the music control (even though it is in test phase, I suppose), is buggy.
A
Best locker application ever. But when phone is restart it take more time for load. Otherwise fantastic ..........
Works wonderfully. However it needs a setting in which you can add sounds to play when you unlock it.
I really do like this locker and the vast number of themes but it has one major flaw. I am on ics and am not able to access my notifications from the lockscreen, if this is fixed it would be almost perfect. Please consider adding support for this
works awesome... gud themes... well done....
Love it :-)
d
Good 1
Superb!!
not bad.
I Relly like It Its Very Amazing Every Updating They Give Me New Function..
When ever I press back to go to the previous song it only goes forward to the next song. Its very irritating. Please fix!!!
Can not key unlocked pin Please fixed.
best apps
Good
It says unknown number, otherwise great app
Why can't i add a security key number/pattern lock.
its a gud app with the different theme options. themes are also of less space but gud luking.
Its make my phone look like a ferrari..!!
Just that music player back button seems to forward the tracks instead.. please fix!
Absolutely AWESOME APP!! GET IT!
It's a really good app. But the only thing that I didn't like was that it was killing my battery... I had to charge my phone A LOT!! Ever scence I got it my battery starded getting really low really FAST. I wish I could keep it, ohh well.... :\
Bug in the music controller..when I press backwards it pess me the song forward...and now it's not responding at all...please fix
This app is sick! If it didn't freeze so much it would be better
GO products are good but not used english real grammar any time. Not professional sounds it.
Another great program!!
Ok
Very good app ! Only 1 reason why I rated four stars and that's because my messages are set to unlock my screen and it doesn't do it all the time!  Please fix!
Now my volume buttons wake my phone though, but it won't let other lockscreens like PowerAMP appear over it, which means its less functional.
wow
galaxy s3. good apps.
Seems i'm not the only one with the problem of even calls from #'s in my contact showing up as "unknown caller" but i've gotta say i live the slide feature since i would always accidently hang up when taking the phone out of my pocket with the standard tap answer
It is best for my devoice for locking
ITS A VERY COOL APP AND INTERESTING TOO. BUT FAILS TO WORK SOME TIMES.
Works jus fine to me!
love the app but the music widget doesn't work when the phone is locked..none of the buttons work (i.e play, pause, next , previous)..maybe you guys can rectify that..otherwise well done ;)
Ever since the new update, my music player won't operate. Pressing play causes nothing to happen and I'm unable to modify this in the settings. Please fix soon.
This is one very good app but the latest update with the new feature (slide to answer calls while phone is still locked) is very cool dont get me wrong but if it also comes with problems then why release the new update when u know there are problems??? (very pointless o_O) but other than that its a very good app and u can have a custom lock theme like u can do any pic of ur own that u want and I personally LOVE THAT IDEA!!! Please fix the problem that I listed up above please and then I will redo my rating.
Henfon
Call pops up as unknown each time
Good i like it except that whenever i press the end button at the lock screen it automatically unlocks it
I, for a time, didn't deleted it because I didn't see the point. I downloaded it again a few days ago and you've changed up a lot. I like the default lockscreen with the new music player, the back button doesn't work. Please. Its small enough to overlook but it would be nice to fix.
Coollllll
Good...
Some problem happen went calling income. Keep working ^^
Some problem happen went calling income. Keep working ^^
this is very good app but sometimes it hangs the phone and laggy
You need to make it to the slide to answer feature is only enabled when your phone is locked. I can't believe no ones talked about this before.
A solid app, but the prev. track button acts like the next track button. Otherwisr great!
Booooooo!!!!!!!
Sony Live with walkman 1- Music player option didnt work well.when i click previous it will skip to the next song. 2- Even lock pattern/security lockcode already set,phone still can be unlocked by fast-double click on home button.
this app is awesome but what's the app called with the phone and the person Dan Ho. Please awnser!
The widget should be adjustable and movable
Will give 5 stars if you can choose your own picture for locker background
Seems good
:) Best
Like it..
When I use the music icon when I'm unlocking it won't let me unlock my phone until I re unlock and try again please fix it's so annoying
Nice n luv it!
The Incominq Call is a Good Idea but the Contact Shows up as Unknown
This is very important, please add it!
g8..
♡nice 1♡
Freakin amazing just fix the bugs on the call answer thingy once u fix that ill give it 5 stars and reinstall
Please Make Option To Show Date Like "May 6 2012" Instead Of "5-6-12" . Its More Easier To Understand , Thanks (:
As far as i can tell there is no silent function from lock screen without unlocking on go locker and in none of the themes this is this would be a great feature in the next update still a great app
Its good
For my phone, due to the new OS update, there's a new way to unlock, face detection unlock, make an update so that I can use your lock screen like that
This is nice to have.. its better than the regular locks the phone has.
Slide answer doesn't show contact name only number
Good!!!
The new slider has worked great for me so far but when I'm in the middle of a call and deny another incoming call, it hangs up on both phone calls. Please fix :)
Only problem that i have with it is that when i get calls its always unknown and they're on my contact list with pictures. Please fix. 4.1/2 stars for now until problem is fixed. Other then that great job on the app.
both forward and Previous song button goes forward. Please fix this thank you
shifts to next song even when pressed to previous button. please fix for 5 stars. Update : come on guys. To fix the music player shouldn't be so big deal! Still buggy after the update!
The app is great i love it but when i recieve a call its unknown even though i have it saved and cant backtrack to the previous song
really like it. its nifty and very creative to use. just wish there were more HTC lock screens
Great app
I love the idea of the answer calling but when i get a call from my saved contacts, it doesnt display the name. Instead it says "unknown". Fix this & my rate will be 5 stars :)
I luvv the slide answer, but it shows up as unknown, please fix
i wanna change the messaging app to sms go but it wont show the themes icon instead it shows the gosmspro icon
nice locker but can u tell d name of the draw gesture locker in the image
It's pretty cool but I like my face lock
This App Is Great ! It Does As It Says, But When It Comes Down To The "Slide To Answer" Function, It Doesn't Show My Contact's Name, Even Though It Is Saved. Sometimes, If One Person In My Contact List Calls, Another Contact's Name Will Show Up -___- Pleaseeee Fix !
Love this apparently
I would rate five stars but everytime I go to unlock my phone, it shows my home page then goes back to go locker. Like a glitch. I find it pretty annoying, but I really like go locker. Can you please fix this.
WAna see some more effects sound..!when unlocking...
Saroo che
Djd
When ever try to go back a song it goes ahead a song please fix
I love this app, but can you make the phone display not turn on whenever i adjust the volume, when i listen to music outdoors and i want to adjust the volume, the display turns on which wastes battery and irritating imo
Its very very nice but lockers r not much intresting
Good one nice nice locker themes amazing
Works pretty good.
8387
I love the fact you can slide the incoming calls to answer and it works! Only problem is, it always shows unknown number as name with the number shown instead of the actual contact. Please fix :)
Zhxgyh
Great security
Thanks for the great app.. The Emergency unlock. Long press volume to unlock.  Can u pleasule make the long press longer. Like a  5 seconds press before it unlocks. It unlocks too fast. Anybody can figure that out. Cause the long press to unlock is too short. Is not long enough. Or can u make it a combination of pressing the up or down volume button + the power button hold for 3 seconds it unlocks.
Like this plugin for go launcher. Looks way better than the 'stock' locker.....but.... WON'T be installing latest update as permissions now include direct dialing of phone numbers....see no need for this permission...not going to risk it...sorry
Just great!
I like the lock set up its slick and diffident come check it out
This app that works great, but out would get five stars if there were a feature for putting a timer on the locker so that it didn't lock automatically when the screen goes off
Good app but the date format needs one you can choose that has, for example, July 18, 2012 or Jul. 18, 2012
can u add a music widget at the locker ?? and an option to choose wht music app to use in it  it would be a gr8 addition the the locker :)
It is good thing but can you shange under them like sense 3.0 call lock slide to a ring
Works great.
It's great but I can install it any more. Finally installed! I can't install any updates though!:(
I really love the update but the new "answer to call" hangs up when i slide it.can yu please fix?
Great app,slide answer works,but it says unknown contact for every incoming call,even for those that are in my phonebook.
Go locker supports landscape orientation like my stock locker.  Not that big of deal but would be nice
This phone is known for  LGs terrible custom skin placed over the Android OS. even though this phone has a 1.5 GHz dual core processor it lags like call of duty. GO locker fixes these problems so I LIKE IT!
Its a great app but you can unlock the screen with the middle button then selecting the launcher you want to use which defies the point of locking the screen with a password
Hmmm Gud
I already save all my pic contact... But it dosent show on my sliding answer calls.. Fix it..
So sweet apps
awesum.....  bt plzz do sumthyn for the home button it disables d security lock.....
Cool stuff
Veri nise
Very nice and great features
Just wish picking out new themes was easier
Appreciate to beautiful themes and able to play music which locked. But.... What's the point to add shortcuts in the unlock page? Can't activate call or sms directly during unlock.
Love the app, but missing feature is a timeout for the lock...don't want it locking every time I turn screen off, only after timer. As for all the people complaining about buttons unlocking the phone, there are options to set specific buttons to do so...I have then off and no buttons do anything while locked
The latest update is sooooooo!! I can finally use my picture with my girlfriend as a lockscreen!! Wuhoo. Nice one!
Wen someone is calling it shows unknown caller..... plz fix Thanks!
The new feature Answer call slide doesn't show the saved contact name.. plz fix it soon :)
Great
But tends to be unstable.
A li'l more protection, some stylish themes, freaky looks..... n it ll be worth 5 *s....!!!
i love this up but i have this problem, that when my phone is locked and i hold the volume button pressing on it my phone unlocks, thats bad fixx it plez
it would be 5 stars if there was a mute toggle
I don't have a problem answering calls however, it always shows the caller I.D as unknown. Good app otherwise. Samsung Galaxy W.
It is good, but there are times where it won't lock and the screen is on for a very long time. Other than that, it is pretty good and nifty.
Cool
Nice apps... But add free themes...
I don't want to give you permission to call premium numbers from my phone..! It is supposed to be just a locker! Be warned everyone.
Good. Can be better. Should have hd icons for the galaxy note.
I am on a Samsung Galaxy Player 4.0 Running Android Gingerbread 2.3.5. It says this version is not compatible with my device? I dont get what makes my android decice any different than the others! Please make it compatible and I will write a better review.
its awsm man!
Good
for everyone complaining abt the home button unlock problem tht can b changed n the go locker settings... love this app!!
i need more themes........
Good app, although using this app results in any passcode you set up to not work. Please fix! Also, it would be awesome if you can make the message option on some themes to open Go SMS rather than basic messaging if you use Go SMS.
Pretty awesome.
cmhvk
Presentation needs improvement. But works well.
Very bad locker quality its not working good but my mobile is prefect.:;):) I m joking its very good interface and locks also security...
Ok larh.........
I have this for my phone & it works great. I'm just wondering when I can use it on my tablet. I'm tired of having Samsung decide what I look at while unlocking my tablet!
Love the go locker, wish I had more setting options, like color of time an date, or color of anything control, an maybe a display message area
Awesome
I am not having the issues that seem to plague most of the other reviewers. It doesn't unlock when I hit the home key or the volume buttons. In fact, there are settings to enable or disable that, so I have to assume that either people are being ignorant, or that their phones are not compatible. As it is, my HTC Hero S works quite well with GO Locker. Check the settings before you write a complaining review, people!
Nice
Nice
Sooo I really love this app because i'm a snowflake fanatic ...haha But I really only have 1 issue, I need the time too be in reg format not military format. Also, to maybe darken the font for time and message notification just a tiny bit...thank you
This is a fantastic
Will love to be able to open the notification panel in the lock screen but... This is an awesome app, plain and simple. I like it far better than most default 2.x lockscreens, 4.x not so much
I love this app but when I press the power/sleep button and click home it unlocks my phone please fix, other than that I love the app
Its good
This is just a gimmick. The developer knows it but apparently doesn't care to fix it.
I Really Loved This App..But The Only Problem Is That When You Press The Genius Bottom,It Unlocks The Phone..Can That Be Fixed Please?
Would be perfect if i could change my time position
Cool app
Love
NICE!
Great
Make be better
Ya its ok....cool....
I love to add themes and customize the lock screen on my galaxy ace but i will love a go locker app for tablet to customize more my Asus TF300T
The gesture screen froze sometime,  it won't unlocked,  fix please
nice but takes too much battery
Had this on my HTC droid eris and it was amazing! Wish i could get it on my galaxy player 4.0 as well, but it says its not compatable. :( please make it compatable and I'll giv it 5 stars!
Ho
Its cute,hope a piggy type locker nd wallpaper
bast
I have go locker and go running system and they both work great, all these bad reviews are bs,I have a galaxy s2 skyrocket so maybe its your phone that's screwing up, in other words your device may be out of date or your system, which would explain why your phone can't handle it
Locker
had no problems with me very happy
nice app
Superb
GREAT APP
A bigger music controller please. Then it is great
it is good but more feature should add.
Ekdum bakwass
Like this..
Nice but some times lags
Gr8 app
I like it but the thing is I don't like the military time..other than that I love it!
I have read the description of this application and for the people that are on about the locking thingy it is an emergency unlocking in case u for get ur pass it could be a bit more discrete tho.
Could you fix the issue with the screen lighting up every time I turn the volume up when the music is playing. Thanks it would make this a great locker!
Excellent....i like this application
I love this apps ..... Superb...
Super
A gus app
I found bug. If installed Go lancher ex, with locker ex, Possible unlock device with simple slide combination. When device is locked, press to home button, and slide on screen down. Device unlocked. My os android 4.0.3 original firmware.
U press the home button and it unlocks itself lol (without swiping or entering PIN number)..security breached..fix it pls
but the stock theme doesnt allow you to change what text or dialer app to open while still keeping the minimal icons it has. fix that please.
Nuff said
Like it, but.. please make an option to disable music screen. Also it would be great, if you made the app not so heavy Thx
Defy looking good go locker
The app is compatinle with x500 THANKS!
I love this app and the skins are amazing...but regrettably for now I need to stop using this for the moment because its important for me that theres a lock. It would be so great if you guys made a free skin that implies the lock system (pin, code etc..)
Nice
Um .... shananagains
This is a great app I like it but if I hold my lock button for the option to power off my phone and then press the home button it will go to my main page like it was never locked!
everythng is perfect except for fast forward & rewind on default !
I'm using Mytouch 4g. When I push the vol +/-  keys screen goes on, I wish for an option to disable this because when the device in pocket, battery dry.. Sometimes the lock screen doesn't goes on or with an annoying delay. I really like the Shake unlock option but it's not perfect.. Sometimes when I push the power on the lock screen its goes off because of the shake of the phone few seconds ago, and sometimes i need to shake very hard to unlock (more then I set before). I wish that the unlock will happen when I shake the device twice softly. That's sounds to me like an ideal way to unlock.
I'm using Mytouch 4g. When I push the vol +/-  keys screen goes on, I wish for an option to disable this because when the device in pocket, battery dry.. Sometimes the lock screen doesn't goes on or with an annoying delay. I really like the Shake unlock option but it's not perfect.. Sometimes when I push the power on the lock screen its goes off because of the shake of the phone few seconds ago, and sometimes i need to shake very hard to unlock (more then I set before). I wish that the unlock will happen when I shake the device twice softly. That's sounds to me like an ideal way to unlock.
Cool
I totallly lovvee tissss...awesomeee...
yeah! promise ganda
Good job.
Nice...apps
Nice app
The music player only goes to next track on lock screen n the previous song button also goes on next track please fix , good stuff
Deadly some launcher
This app is amazing but it would be so much better if it would allow pop up text messages to unlock the screen. Plus it keeps force closing
Its a great app but some of the backrounds takes up a big amount of my battery. Other than that its a great app
could you please chanhe the pattern unlock dots to look like the 4.0 ones ? thnks great app
It would be nice if I could tilt my phone to the side while on the lock screen and it go into landscape mode
Don't know what people are talking about when they say it unlocks by pressing the home or menu button twice. Good app with really cute locker themes
Its cool. But its laggy. Plz fix it. I give 5 star.
I just recently started customizing my G2 and the GO Locker app allows perfect customization for my lock screen. There are many free themes to choose from that are very appealing. Stalls a little when you unlock but it's worth it because of the customization benefits.
Cool  but I wish there were password ones
Just eats a lot of ram...and lags sometimes with default locker..plz help
Best locker
I love the themes and everything and the locking options but if you turn your phone off then back on, the lock isn't on you have to open the app for the lock to come again. Was good at first but when I figured that out I uninstalled it. Pls fix this
There is a lock screen function....use Go Launcher and Installed then top right corner you will see settings to activate lock screen function and etc....
It makes my phone become more beautiful..and it works with any kind of phone(without iphone) ._. Really useful especially ..the Go themes
:D
Sometime its work slow... Rather then its gud apps
Especially love that th.default  theme comes music player icon hope other themes include that though
Hope that it could be move to the external storage,!
....
But can you tell me when are you going to fix the problem with avast? I'll give five stars when this problem is solved.
Nice app!good job guys..
Why it doesnt support on my tab? Hope it will be in horizontal version a.s.a.p.
Nice app but some times auto closes have to open it again and consumes so much battery?
Good app but i think it drains my batt so quick ..improvement pls.thank you
Enables itself every few days. Uninstall if you stop using it, otherwise its kinda neat. Needs more customizations and Widgets.
Nice...
Super
Great. Very cutomizeable. But really appreciate if we can set a live wallpaper as the lock background. Will give 5*
Love it
The locker is very good, but the music controller is not working Can you make it work for power amp and original music app?
The locker is very good, but the music controller is not working Can you make it work for power amp and original music app?
I love it, but can you turn it off 24hr time?
Love it!
I had so much fun upgrading my phone with GO Locker!!
It would be nice if the atrix's fingerprint scanner could be used with the lockscreen. Besides this one minor concern, this is great!
TT
It's like that: it just works. It's simple, light on resources and highly visually customisable with Themes. Only problem is that latest versions lock during a call which prevents me from not leaving a message when I hit voice email (takes long to unlock). 2 wishlists: ICS pattern buttons and not showing the pattern on error. Emailed the developers. For the people complaining: read the instructions. It's home button safe if you set Go Locker as your default program when pressing the home button.
Love this app has many features.....
it works great bt i think it need to improve its speed it load after a minute .5 star only if it improves
it works great bt i think it need to improve its speed it load after a minute .5 star only if it improves
Good
I love this app! It offers the most free themes!
Osam app
I would rate 5 but add a password option I dont want a pin gesture or pattern
Could you add a setting that can have screen off animations?  Like the 'tv' style. I really love to have this kind of setting, cause i don't want to root my phone in order to get that effect. And also add support for the playerpro. There are some bugs with the unlock feedback!  You can't change the sound..
Love the variety of themes. Just wish I could use a theme for a quick lock and still have system lock on a timer. I have a pattern lock and worms but the pattern takes over unless disabled.
Cool
Excellent go locker:..........
It's OK but kinda slow
This would be perfect if you didnt have to have Go Launcher installed to use it.
It stops working randomly and just yesterday it had me calling 911 twice because it unlocked by it self and went straight to the emergency call. We all use touch screen these days and it's so easy to press on that screen. So please fix this random bug.
Nice but simple much better..
How do I get that unlockable with a gesture lock screen??
Thank you for the update it is now useful for my samsung galaxy y.
Just make sure u have phone security on ur phone with go apps
Works very slow on hTC wildfire... Plz improve it.
Works very slow on hTC wildfire... Plz improve it.
Would be better if you could choose which music player to use. Like player pro
Dear idiots that say it unlocks with home button.. clear your defaults for your launcher and set home button default to go locker.
Mind making a setting that can prevent turning on display when the volume button is being pressed? I would not like the screen to be on when the volume button are being pressed
Noooo
Well its an app worth downloading
Everything works fine but the default system lockscreen can't be bypassed when power button is pressed. I still have to swipe the default lockscreen to show up the go locker screen. Please fix. Other than that, it's awesome.
Is good,  but don't work perfectly in qvga devices ... I'm waiting for fix this ....
Not bad
If the music control on the lock screen could show whic song is playing right now then it will be perfect.
Great app. But the music controls desperately want sorting out. At the moment they just look like an afterthought.
Region as ranges Caleb bands bylaw snazzy everyday dress gravel g
This app rocks! I can have just more than 1 or 3 lock screens for my phone!
Like It..need To Upgrade
I love it but it has its issues  EVO 4G
Lumayan. ..  Tpi Music ny gg bza Hadeh
I love this lock screen app. Idk what the people below me are complaining about.
just one complaint, fix the music button i cant play my music all it does is play the last downloaded song and doesnt respond to pausing
But needs some fixing.
I like it
Great app, but the pattern unlock should have the emergency call function.
I tried it without the launcher and it won't add apps to the home anymore.
This app is amazing and fun to use ! It got a bit complicated for me at a stage but I got it in the end . Over all ...just download it !...NOW !!!
I really like this
Should be able to review notifications on the lockscreen.
Please add a battery status area and will be a 5 star also my handcent messages don't pop up so I have to unlock phone instead of quickly replying
Can someone tell me whats the point of having a go locker lock screen app when you can simply unlock it by pressing the home button.This means your phone unlocks when in your pocket or if kids press this button so calls etc can be made by mistake!This clearly needs to be fixed!!
Whenever i try to install it gives a ms with error 927
Locker theme doesnt work well with launcher backgrou nd..
best lock screen got even better... xcept for the music widget. pressing back plays the next song lol
Tis ok..
Music player in default theme doesn't work....
Best and coolest locker ever !!!
GoOd aPP...,
Works fine, but I need a silent mode slider.  It is on the DROID bionic and allows me to silence the phone without having to unlock
Add "enable silence" feature.
but music player keeps playing next when i press previous button please fix bug overall best lock app
Great app.
The music player shortcut not working in lock screen otherwise its good
U should do much batter but still a nice app.
I also experienced the diappearence of water from lock screen soon after installing.....waiting for an update fixing it.
No lock effect like cm7
It is very nice
It works and all but it doesnt disable the other lock like the pattern lock plz fix
Sometimes my phone goes into a black screen when I turn on my phone. I have to press the home button to unlock my phone. Could you please fix this black screen problem?
Much better than using default lock screen!
Can we have the option wherein we can disable the main lockscreen if we already enabled the lock screen pattern? thanks!
I really find the default theme to be the most useful, it would make it almost perfect if i could 1. Change clock position 2. change the color of clock and items text,  3. If player controls worked on my S plus , cant play songs by clicking play button on lockscreen.  Ill surely give it 5 stars then :-)
You should give an option to choose the shortcuts in the lockscreen... Then you will be the best locker..!@
good
Nice apps
Jux luv it
Have the same theme for my launcher & locker. Cool!! :)
Nice
Just okk I
Suberb..its a super app
Go locker is a best locker in the store.but when i press the lock button on my hh the go locker is late to lock it.but overall is good
just using this apps for 3 days..1 word..awesome!! go locker + live wallpaper = the best os ever!! but can you please make it in flexible for horizontal mode android phone since i'm using galaxy y pro b5510..please~
Changing it to 4 star. It could be 5 star with some sound effects just like magic locker. Still, I want to thank the developers.. excellent job!
it's no pattern to choose
This application is good... I like it...
It's. Very. Good
Nice
Awsome
Great
Nice
Cool :-D
Very good
So cute
It's cool :-),but I need the gesture colour other than yellow and I will give 5 stars XD
its ok..
Its really cool....love it :)
Thank you for making it compatible for our sgys ! \^o^/
There seems to be a problem with the latest update. My phone keeps turning awake even if im not using it  Finally figured it out. It was the theme app that i installed it was running even when it shouldnt since its part of the app already. After force stopping the theme app the waking up problem didnt occur anymore  Also applies to GO launcher. Same thing theme was running in background. Just force stop it so screen doesnt wake up randomly anymore
I really enjoy using GO Locker.  It's easy to use and there are a lot of fun themes, quite a few nice ones that are free.  Fairly often, though, when the phone wakes up, for some reason it's the Android system lock screen that appears instead of the GO Locker screen.  I  checked settings in both places & didn't find anything that looked like it might be causing the problem.  Maybe I'll eventually get this figured out.  It's not a deal breaker, and it may not be the GO Locker apps fault.
This version can be unlocked by using home button..can u fix it
Awesome and flawless !!
stops after use for some time
Its really nice application.. Makes ur phone look differnt.. Great.
The app is great but sometimes when I lock just phone and I go to slide the lock it freezes and crashes the phone.
Great app
Don't like the latest update. I don't want to be able to see the bar on the top of my phone :/  ** Thank you for fixing that (: Now only if you had some better free themes that would make it 5 stars in my opinion.
I've been waiting for this and finally the wait is over!
nice
its working in ma mbile..its greAt ...thank u
Cool App
Sorta fruits up when you reboot the phone. Old locker runs ontop of the go locker.
The lockscreen music controller doesn't work with Winamp but works with stock & PowerAmp. Please fix this.
Best aap
Music control not working.....
I just love dis thout bt den d music player in locker doesnt work fr my phone i hv galaxy ace try n sort it if possible other wise i would hv given 5 bt fr nw 4
It's Ohk....
This app was really confusing at first but after a few minutes, I had it figured out. Its really cool! Made my phone much more fun. (:
Keeps changing back to the default locker.
gud
Its too good
nyc app
Sun
good
Love so much about this app! But I hate that it can't always be used for both portrait and landscape screens. I have a slide out keyboard that I use all the time and its frustrating that I have to use it portrait style so often! If fixed it would definitely be 5 stars!!
4 star worthy
Awesome!!
This was and wounderfull apps which I like very much
Getting there! It's really stabled out with the last few updates.
Goody
I badly need this one ! You are awesome dev :-)
Good
Finally back to 2.3
I love this app!
Nice
Probably one of the best lockers in the market. Highly recommended
Under the theme category, it is always loading and never loads the rest of the items in the list..please fix..
Wow
i love the gesture option but it doesnt always let me finish putting in my password and it also i wish there were an option to take away the stupid thing where it locks it if you do the wrong password because sometimes i will try to draw my gesture and it will skip or break the pattern and says try again because it breaks my lines up
I like the app, but i would like it to display the name of the song on the music controller. I use double twist as my default music player.
Can we costumized it? Because i hate those free lockers..
It doesn't works
Would be better if u made the pin # screen look better not so old school Android looking
Nice
It's a good and cool application but I didn't like that if u have a lock on ur phone, you must do that before you unlock it which is stupid. Also, you can't change the backgrounds wallpaper to match the normal wallpaper and the lock screen doesn't fair in to your homepage.
Om DEV, di samsung galaxy mini saya masih ada bugnya nih. Tolong.benerin dund. Klo bug nya dah bener ane kasih bintang 10
Simply eats my battery power... But still a good app
Ok la
Good
Almost perfect, still needs its own screen timeout.
When music is plying in sleep mode it coldnt increase volume withot opening lock
Good
Aiw
Good and great app but some time note proper suport,we need water effect also like S3 lock secreen
Love the app and all the customization. I wish that there was a setting in security where you only have to type in your PIN if the phone has been locked for a certain amount of time. The DROID bionic has this feature and it would be a great addition
Its a cool app but its takin down my ram..makes the launcher heavy.
okay..
The ice locker sometimes dosent appear when you turn off and turn on the phone!!! Fix that and this app would be a 5 star!
cool
كويس very good
I like it but  it needs to be able to work with my message app instead of the default one.
The problem is that even if i press previous button to listen previous song, the player keeps playing next songs. Previous button is not working for music player.
It is a great locker for my phone (samsung galaxy mini) the best so far. It runs smooth and nice. It has a whole range of differant themes.  Problems are that most themes you have to pay for and the free one are just the same just copying the themes in a differant way :-(  Well this is a great screen locker but needs new themes so if you can make some dev it would be great.
I appreciate the added change to the lock screen. It makes it a little less boring and the chance of accidental unlock is greatly reduced. The only qualm i have with it is it tends to double even triple lock some times and it is quite obnoxious. Other than that it is pretty nice .
Please make the music thing available for Samsung galaxy S...
Nice 2 b safety
Works great, much better than the default lock. The music function works good with Google Play, but you must start it in the app then lock the phone, otherwise it will default to Google Music. Only issue is if you lose streaming music and hit play again through the locker it will do GMusic and when streaming comes back online it plays both GPlay and GMusic. Little confusing. Like the addition of titles too. Keep up the good work GO!   On Droid X with GB.
Nice app..
On my Raider 4g, I notice that I am unable to do tasks which require simultaneous presses on the screen (like a game, fox example). I'm running 4.0.3 ICS and I am able to run most multi-press apps no prob with just launcher installed. But once I run this locker, it starts messing up. Please fix this problem. I would give this app five stars if this problem didn't hamper my experience on my phone.
Its good n creative n gives new look for ur fone to b locked but sometimes gets stuck need to clik home key
Good
Good
Good but seriously needs delay function for password. Doubt any one likes having no password and entering it everyone every time is ridiculous.
I was wondering how you add an actual password? help!!
Music player can't work at all
Good
I wish you could make it so when ever your phone turns off you don't have to do it everytime you wake it up. Make a setting where it pops up every 5,10,15 mins.
Great.  The only thing that i dont like is when using other go products like gosms it will not open from the home screen.
Super app i love it
After the update, my iphone locker's lock shifted up and it does not look like an iphone locker already. I paid for the iphone locker and now i am very disappointed. Pls have another update fast!!! :'(
Would be better if you b can change the ink color, and for SMS, you can put Textfree or FB messenger :)), and also cover art for music, and also, if you can use the Go Clock widget instead of the original one.
This app is pretty good, but it slows down my phone substantially and my default phone lockscreen remains to be much better.
This app is truly awesome, had no problems with it since I got it two months ago.  I got no complaints. The only thing that would make this app that much better, is if we can somehow change the color of the font on the clock in the lock screen. That would be sweet. :)
Muy bueno. Solo que hay casos en los que se lanza esta aplicación y la que viene por defecto.
Except I can't change music or pause except when I unlock. Plz fix kinda fustrating
Great app would like to arrange icons where i want them. Not drag icon and other icons go wherever they want. From lock screen if i press physical home button the phone unlocks. Would like to be able to change distances between icons so i can get more on screen.  would love to get calendar and todo widgets same as tw launcher. I use tw for work and go when i finish work because of calendar in tw MUCH better.
Please have a timer instead of locking every time screen shuts down
It won't show beautiful weather animations after unlock.please fix.
Y is the time on the locker set to 24 hour automatically? Thats a big thing to be wrong on a locker... :( other than that its fine
Its okay
Thanx a ton for the last update.. Now i can download and install it.. Yippeee....
I want to control lock screen timeout.
Would be 5 stars if there was an option to disable vibration upon unlock...
Great program, only issue that since the last two updates is when I receive a  message and the screen comes on, it won't turn off. HTC Inspire.
I lyked it...
good for android
J
I get a lot of force closes on my LG Esteem. Other than that its great.
The music widget type thing needs some work. And also needs a delay lock function like others suggested. Overall its still really good.
Its been working great...since have installed it...but m getting virus in it...by avast...!!
Don't know what this is, but I love it.
I like it but it takes up a lot of data or all the space on my phone. I had to call verizon just to get it off my phone with out it breaking 4 stars
Like that you can customize unlocking but the default unlock screen is showing every time...  please fix
A lot if very cool features, but it seems to be a little buggy on my SG2. Still worth the download and much better than the stock lock screen
It's awesome.:)
1. It lags a bit like when I unlock the screen it will show my last pg before going to the unlock screen, sometimes even a min or So before changing to the unlock screen. 2.U can actually go straight to homepage if u press the homepage button without unlocking the lock with the password, So a bit the unsecure . 3.Lastly,sometime the android versionof lock will suddenly pop up when I am using some apes and I would have to unlock again. Pls fix Thnx alot.
It's cute and fun but I would like to be able to set a password too...people like there privacy but other then that great app♡♥ヽ(^。^)ノ
Better than the original phone unlock screen more style.
Good
This locker is good because you can customize the theme and have easy access to your sms and phone keypad  Downside is the press the middle button on my s2 to unlock it also which is easy done in your pocket  When that is fixed ill give it 5 stars
Awesome, but some things could be improved. Definitely a "Keeper". I reccomend this to all users.
Nice app! Although I wish when on your unlock screen, and you press your home button it unlocks it. Wish it could get fixed.
Nice app
This is great but I wish it supported my fingerprint scanner on the atrix to unlock it :(
Really love the app
Sanjay Great effects great app!
Please allow the message to pop up.  Sometimes the phone hang and unable to read the message.  The sound for lock and unlock sometime not work.
Great app but i wish it had a lock delay instead of relying on the screen timeout
Works great. Very smooth. Looks good. Would be better if you could add custom options on the unlock options. Not just call and text. Also need to fix audio player control and vibrate feedback on unlock as both don't work on Galaxy Ace.
I only wish there were more glow colors for the default locker. The orange doesn't look good with my background.
the music thing doesn't work however it shows the play/pause button but it doesn't work other wise i wouldd give 5 stars...plzzz fix it asap!!!
it wont allow me to open the app "/
Bad experience
Gr8 stuff
Amazing stuff...
Works great, but need to add a music app selector for the music part. And the previous song arrow doesn't go to the previous song, It goes to the next one.
Great locker, but have stability issue on my Hero H7300. Worked good, but after reboot failed to start. Uninstalled, will wait for more stable version.
Good, some hiccups left to resolve.
At first I was hesitant about the go launcher apps, but I have come to realize their potential. Just wish there was more lock screens to choose from.   Edit: I just noticed that the lock screen timeout is the same as the system screen timeout, so while it is adjustable I would prefer a separate option for the lock screen timeout. As I like my main screen timeout different that my lock screen timeout. Otherwise a great app.
I wish I didn't have to install go launcher as well. The launcher takes up too much room on my internal storage
When the go locker is on screen automatically lights up for a min and goes off and unlocking is not that precise but this locker is simply good and has lots of functionalities.
This locker works great! But the thing is when people press the jump button and home they go pass my pin code and got into my phone ! Please fix this!
This locker works great! But the thing is when people press the jump button and home they go pass my pin code and got into my phone ! Please fix this!
awesome app! only one problem.. can you make the music player on the lock screen run other apps such as double twist? I can pause the music, but when I play, it runs from basic music player again
Please add the ability to add widgets to the lock screen, especially music players. For that reason alone, I can't use Go Locker.
Great app..
I can't seem to open my status bar from the lock screen. Could you address this glitch please. Otherwise an amazing app.
Security lock do not allow setting password, which is a pity, but other than that, its great
I really love this app. It'll be the best if it can wake up the screen by hard buttons.
!!!
hehe....
nice but why us the W&D go locker theme is not working
Awesome can personalise my phone no errors seen
love it! ^_^
It works great qlic 2
its gr8
Very cool
astig tlg,nice appS.
i love it.
It's so good! I have no comment!
good
Still Seeing Unknown Caller For Incoming Calls.
Super
خطيررررررر مررره انصحكم فيه
I love it.
Love it...I especially love that I can use my photos to customize it...It would be better if we could customize everything
H
Cool
Adds personality before you even unlock your phone. Love it.
Best
bini
Good lock apps.
Who knew unlocking phones could be so fun! Totally recommend.
Awsome
Its a verry good app
Cool
C
Good app.....
amazing app
100
Jagsee Jagsee
It is a great full for lock themes its amazing.........
Awesome
Useful!
I like it
Gud app so far...!!!
Passcode function still doesn't work after the update. Will not allow me to create a pin number for the security feature of the app.
this is an amazing app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome! If I could give it 6 stars I would!
I can't even download it. It is fine on my phone. Something extra to download if you have golauncher & you want to customize your lock.screen but alot of the time both luck screens show up or this one is delayed.
I can't even download it. It is fine on my phone. Something extra to download if you have golauncher & you want to customize your lock.screen but alot of the time both luck screens show up or this one is delayed.
Beats every other locker out there by a mile!
Best
Great
Just the best
Makes my phone more entertaining c:
Uninstalling it.....not working on note...
THIS IS SO COOL + W . I . C . K . E . D .
Nicee
I like this locker
theres double lock screen on my samsung facinate.
nice
It rawks
superb.
Ngon
Nice app
Ok
Great locker, great themes. Then why ★★★★? It is because sometimes when. You power on the phone, it goes to home screen or your last opened app and there's a delay before Go Locker kicks in. Until this is fixed, my ratings will stay at 4 stars.
Great locker, great themes. Then why ★★★★? It is because sometimes when. You power on the phone, it goes to home screen or your last opened app and there's a delay before Go Locker kicks in. Until this is fixed, my ratings will stay at 4 stars.
At first, I couldn't figure out How to put a lock on it, But, eventually figured it out. And, now, I love it,!
Very good
This is a very sick app me and my friend love it  :)
Hi
X
great
great
I love it and my roshni
Mr Thai
Cool
I love this aplication
I love the way they design the locks....
Superb of all time
Great
Because it is really best.
It's very gorgeous......
Amazing locker its really amazing
K
Good job
Does not show the name..it still displays oly the no. Wen m getting a Cal on my galaxy ace..
im enjoying with this app!
im enjoying with this app!
Perfect
I wanted a customized lock screen but I don't 2 change anything else. But this app forces u 2 install Go Launcher which completely changes ur whole UI setup
It the best don't have space
Cool
I love the themes. But there's always this short delay with lock sound. And doesn't respond to the phone's native lock shortcut. Eliminate the delay like holo locker and this will be the greatest lock app of all...
Works on so many levels
Krishna krishna
Bt there should be orientiation option thank uu
Bt there should be orientiation option thank uu
Way cooler then stock locker! Last update fixed my problem thanks go team
I was so except the lockscreen but is not complete .
Ok
Sucks so much don't even try
Good app
Z
Z
What a lock man!!!!!!!! Love it.............  everyone shud use it
My locker i have is the same as locker for iphone. :)))))) Now my galaxy y looks cuter. :))))
great ...:-):-):-)
Great
There's a way to get around the lock. If you hold down the home key, recent apps will appear for a second. If you tap one fast enough, you'll be able to access the app. When clicking on a notification, the default phone lock (such as HTC's ring pulling) will want you to unlock the phone from their unlocker as well. This isn't too bad if you turn off the passcode for the default unlocker. Also, it locks immediately after it sleep, this is annoying when listening to music. Nice interfaces though.
One must have this app
..
Great!
Great!
Love this app
Its gud while we r nt on phone calls except dis drawback its awesome.:-)
Jittu
Good
I love it
now it is compatible with galaxy Y but the problem of home button is as usual. after pressing the home button your sequirity gets lost.
now it is compatible with galaxy Y but the problem of home button is as usual. after pressing the home button your sequirity gets lost.
Tower wadssup
aww
It runs real smooth on my EVO
Nice app it was
Nice app it was
Very nice
This locker is helping me from people that always wana work on my phone.Keep up the good work
ιтѕ α gяєαт αρρ
ιтѕ α gяєαт αρρ
cova
Try the mango theme it's superb, you can use without go launcher if you set it all up then uninstall go launcher B-)
I liked it very much
Excellent best among all
Lol
Very nice
G
Gadjmpt
Gadjmpt
Good
Very
Very
Its awesome
Hoping is fun
I like
I like
Awesome
Nice
GO,KEYBORD GO THEME N ALL IS AWESOME
O gxrhe  rfrgefgtfddffffffdfdfdfdfffdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfsfdfdgdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdffdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdfdgdfdfdfdd
I love everything about this app but my contacts show as unknown. And I see alot of people have that problem too. I had to uninstall it but if it's fixed, I'll gladly reinstall. Saw the new update and reinstalled it. Works perfectly now! I know who is calling! Great job.
What a load of crap!
i love the app but i hate how all the new themes cost money, i hope you guys do the 'getjar' thing that launcher did.
I cannot find any other apps like thhis that will use a lock that isnt my original locker.
gooo
Not bad
Good
Simply perfect. install it
It is an amazing application. Just got my entire world transformed. Go. Go. Go.
It is an amazing application. Just got my entire world transformed. Go. Go. Go.
think before downloading !!!
Good Experience
Good app
Nic....app...with lots of features...
Ever body thinks am a phone Genesis thanks and thanks go
Cool
Fh
Fh
Awesome
Cahill Coll Cool Very cool
Its pritty good
So good locker
Truly an awesome product.
Love the update that shows how charged it is. Thanks!
Fin
I dig it
Nice one
Nice one
If you dont have this, well get to it
This is an okay app, the only thing thats frustrating is that you have no way of adding contact info on your lock screen just in case your phone gets lost. Overall, its pretty nice
Best
very good...try it
superb
this is awsome!
Good prog.
Great...A+++++++++
I love it
If u click on the go locker icon and click in the top right  where there is a switch like icon u can set security options like pattern lock,pin,password whilst still keeping the cool lockscreen
Good
Well this is my first time to use this so. .... No comment :))
Well this is my first time to use this so. .... No comment :))
I have always loved go locker and go everything thanks! :S
Its good
Very good for use.
So many different themes.  It runs so smooth:)  LOVE IT!!  Never had a problem with my ZTE Warp
Rikshit patels likes.
I wanna try it . If this bad for me - uninstall
I like it androids
Freakin osm.!!
Very useful app
H
Gud
Gud
Gud
Dis is d best locker app i've ever used......i hv used most of d lockers available on play store but none has matched to d quality and stability to the Golocker......perfect features easy to use and understand..... it changes the home screen locker competely.....so many available themes at reasonable price......
greet looks totaly new phone no need to change phone just change ur theam
If you can change the clocks color and date because my background is white but I think it should be a great idea :)
Custom best!
Custom best!
vry nice and fast and change the look of the mobile
Bhala
I am setting a lock pin though when I hit the home key I just pass through the phone with no security!! Is that possible?? Please help me out on this because am really enjoying the application..
VeRy NicE !!!!!!!!
ok
Fantastic
Awsome
Does what it's supposed to do
Love It
I Disabled Everything And It Still Won't Uninstall
z
z
keeps force closing randomly D: good app tho
I have to say it is pretty good.
I have to say it is pretty good.
I have to say it is pretty good.
After updating, it won't load. Can ya fix please?
Sometimes crash...forcing to close...:-(
Works great but please add an option to make the pattern password appear after 3,5, and 10 minutes of inactivity. Its getting annoying drawing the pattern every single time when unlocking the phone.
Ths is rokkkk my phonn
Love it!  Easy to use. And simple to customize to my liking!
Very good
Love it 5 stars
Love it 5 stars
Update - still no fix on caller ID, lose a star, uninstall. Call me when you get it right. Caller ID is a no go from the lock screen. Shows number but no names (unavailable). Fix that, and we're golden. Great lock screen, tons of awesome themes. Must have for the discerning Android user
Cool
Love this app...
Best locker ever
Wow
Great
Only stupids say it doesnot lock anything. Actually this is simply the best.
If you have the space
Thanks
After update every time I go 2 settings it always force closes. It was awesome till tha update. Please fix!
Good locker theme
Ya cook.
Nice works well
RELAX..... it will force close and not respond for the 1st hour but after that it works perfectly fine
Good
Every thing is perfect.A must use app
good apps..
Hmm should fix a little on it nd it would be good , Sorry only 3 stars
Lots of choices
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
Ye har mobil may support karta hay aur bahut acha b hay...
I like it
M
Going good
Go Dev Team is good working...thaks
Very easy to use, lots of features, and best of all it's free
Good one.....
Gooooooood
It great And diffrean
Gr8
Very cool :)
Must install but space consuming
Awedome
Asides from the occasional bug involvong my Bluetooth audio control this app is awsome
Title says it all . ican customize it exactly how iwant to fit me . awsome app . few probs but no BIGGIE .
Awsome app
Awesome biatch
Amazing nice
Nice
I love go locker. Its great.
What a waste
Really cool
Nice
Slick and nice features, keep em comin
Ilk it
What is this o_O
GoooooooooooooooooooooooD
Great app. You need to open the app and click on the 3 way slide icon found at the top right. Then you can set your pin there and other various options.
Great luving it!
Super app
I dont understand why it isnt compatible with my android.
Wa good
Duck __""""""""""…"------((((________…………………………….........))))"""""""""""	Ffhhgcffghvcvhjkccfvcccfggggffffjjjsawshujjhoppgcczfhhvgfgjj-CGI funk FDA gasp gap gap
Download na kario
Download na kario
Nice
keka
keka
Very stylish and easy to use.. and with lots of cool themes. :)
is good
Works Fine on My Android.
Ita good but  not downloading
I love it. My Captivate power button has been broken and I could not screen on. After installing Go Locker, I can turn on by volume button. Thanks Go Dev team. :D
Bad
Awsum app bt it irritates me when it helds otherwise its awesome app
This is a great app!!! I have no problems with its!!!♬
Like
Like
Awesome!!!!!!
Fudu a bai
Great Lock Screens
good
Asif
loy men
goid
I think there is a mistake. I really wanted to have this app, because I saw a friend of mine using it, and I liked it. So I came here, and it says that my device isn't combatible. Then I downloaded the APK package of this app (The most recent version, 1.21) from a website, and installed it. It works just fine. My device is a U8120. I would really appreciate  it if you removed that message, and allowed users of this device to download it normaly. Thanks in advance.
Cool
excellent app
Looking to.lock
Overall  good
Tu
Ok
After viewing missed calls, it can't remove missed call icons or number on the locker! Please fix this
Nice 1
The best!
Love It Works Fine :))))
Not A Bad App. Very Useful And Has Very Good Features
Is good.
I love this app
this is the best locker app then all present in the market the interfaces are cooler then ever its a must hav app
this is the best locker app then all present in the market the interfaces are cooler then ever its a must hav app
Amazing i Donate frequently
Awesome nice................
Awesome
Awesome
JUST AWESUM
I've had issues with my stock unlocker lagging, but this is unbelievably smooth. :D love it!
Everyone must try it
Everyone must try it
It's the best
Good
I liked it cry much
dis is a gud application for andriod
dis is a gud application for andriod
Go Go Dev Team Good Work
It's awesome
Too good.
Ich hatte hier in die bewertung geschrieben das es super währe wenn mann die geste nicht sichtbar machen könnte und jetzt wurde es gemacht also 5*
i like the go launcher at for the benefit i makes my galaxy more cool and awsome rock on!
Locks phone but useful settings don't work. Thanks, but no thanks
KaCik dOh Rse TonyOh KpaLe uLat ni..
I live this app, hopefully can work as standalone app without Go Launcher.
This is an amazing app. I've always wanted an iphone. And now I can have that with the iphone screen locker and the iphone theme from go locker! Thank you!!!!!
This is an amazing app. I've always wanted an iphone. And now I can have that with the iphone screen locker and the iphone theme from go locker! Thank you!!!!!
ك
Awesome app I like it
I used this app on my HTC incredible for a long time. an update released late June 2012 broke the app sadly. makes the phone freeze up any time the lock screen loads (yes, that often).
please add a feature of controlling radio fm with the music control buttons on the locker screen...
Gooooood
Works great. Love it.
Clean
Clean
Nice app.
Terbaek!!!!
Good
Excellent
This is a cool locker.  Love the fact that it gives me many options to put my own wallpaper and other sounds. GREAT JOB!!!
This is a cool locker.  Love the fact that it gives me many options to put my own wallpaper and other sounds. GREAT JOB!!!
Its awsum my cell never hangs n it change from my boring cell 2 intresting m really loving 2 hav go louncher loker
I empressed.......! :-)
Niceeeee
brunch
its the best
Theams must bee free
Very good sft
Nice
I love it!!!
mast hai yaar  .....plzz dwnlod it now
J
Great apps
I didnt even get 2 try it n like or dislike it,cuz 4 some reason  I cant seem 2 get it UGH!!
Myy Babyy Youu Aree Myy Shinging Star !
Myy Babyy Youu Aree Myy Shinging Star !
I really liked it until I noticed the time. Is there a way to change the time instead of having the 24 hour type of time?
Cool
Nice
Chutiya h
Love it!!!!
Awesome
Runs great...nice themes. Brings a new feeling to my phone
Runs great...nice themes. Brings a new feeling to my phone
Best app ever..
k
The best app in store.
Thanks for this amazing locker!
Thanks for this amazing locker!
Thanks for this amazing locker!
I Like it. A lot.
Good
Good
iloveyou
iloveyou
The Developers NEVER respond to emails... I need an answer!
Yu
Go
Super cool..
Finaly go locker is compatible to galacy y
Love it
When i exchange it once it doesnt work.. I cannt open it :(
Butu mu la sana!!!!!
Love it needs more pink themes
I really like it ; -)
I just had 3 Mexican shoes for lunch and I have to admit I would sell Sally's left testicle if I had to to get this app.
This is the best persolization apps I ever seen! Just love it
Like
Nice locker than others like magic locker etc.
Nice one
Good
good
Its too nice I am gona love all go apps
The best expansion for the aformentioned app, tons of themes, different methods to unlock, some even lets you to customize the shortcuts on the locker screen.
It's a must-have... :D Lovelovelove it! <3
This app used to be great, downloaded v1.33, now it uses up tonnes of battery power on my SG2 :(
Nice
This app is superb
good display for htc monster
Fuddu
Good
Its good
jassi
It's very nice
good
Awesome
Asome
I got what I wanted its a excellent app I will recommend everybody to install this app
Chaliea jao.
ممتاز جدا
Nice app
thanks this app is great
The status bar at the bottom is still showing.
Awsome themes, awsome background there's really nothing to complain about thnk u go locker
Awsome themes, awsome background there's really nothing to complain about thnk u go locker
It has very good themes
I like the most
love it!!!!!
Average
I absolutely love it.
Really good!
Gd
I like the new ui..  Keep it up
medyo mabgal
Excellent
Taking tooo much of time
Nice locker
Its the best app I ever downloaded accept for  Restaurant  story an bakery story add valarie_dreams on bakery story an restaurant story !!!!
very good
Im finding the best locker but many locker appeara to be ugly but when i downloaded go launcher and try some experiment  i found tje go locker
The more I play with these GO Apps the more I like them...best launcher package out there.
Good
How do you get to the GI Locker settings?!
How do you get to the GI Locker settings?!
I like this application! Makes the lock fun :D
No complaints! Love it :)
It's very good.
This is a wonderful app ... If it would just download on my new phone.
Not bad
nice and cool app
Awesum app
Its good!!!
Food
Good
It is good..add more
I really love this I just don't like the home screen go app thing so can u make it to where we can just use the locker cause its awesome c:
Great
nothing
Yaaaar bahot magaj mari hain ismeinnn apna normal acha hainnnn
Bruhhh
Fantastic locker
m loving it..
Awesome
It's nice gettin rid of boring standard lock screen. Now I can go straight 2 camera like some of the newer phones. Sweet. WHERE ICS FOR INCREDIBLE 2??????????!!!!!!
the beest app ever
Just nice..
Loved this app.. :) happy
This best bro
yeh kuttr
Too good .
Im very pleased。
Cgj
This is perfect fire my phone only problem is these themes want to send you ads and want access to too much information.
this apparently works great with my new LG opitima
Lovely apps
Lovely apps
Love it. Rocks. Everyone should download(:
Goood download it!!!!! :)
Awesome!!
Looks beautiful, doesn't work beautiful. Full of bugs and lacks useful features and settings.
Okay
I'm going to try and start using this.
Dear go dev. Please add transparant lock screen (view home screen & widget) please please................
Makes it feel more like its mine.
Ethan Waters
was ever perfect...till today...after update I can't see who is calling me.all unknown numbers.please fix it!
If we can change the BG of slide answer incoming calls, that would be nice ..
Working great but downloading slow
super sexxxxxxy
Nice
it's an outstanding one....
I can use
Brrr
This was very fun & good to use
Very good
every time i switchd on my cel phone my i like it more gradualy
it just really cool i was planning to get a iphone butnow im thinking to keep thos phone
Nice apps
Great h mje aagye
That's good for smart phone and cell phone
I want to be able to use go locker without go launcher ex.  Change this and it's an easy five stars.
Awesome:)
Excellent
Excellent
Best safe and cool B-)
Best safe and cool B-)
Really love to go locker it's change ur cell in smart phone
keep up the good work!
Awsome
Oh my god fantastic
I love this !(:
Works smoothly on my tablet!!:) I love it !!!:)
Great app but, If you are at the lock screen and hold down the power button for options e.g 'power off' and then click the home button it takes you into the phone, this is with the pin lock enabled, please FIX ASAP!
Helpful
That was good apps...
I just love it... :-P  Can be better if we can't see the notifications without unlocking... :O
Love this app :-)
Goodsapps
FG
The best software till date. Full marks to the developer.
The best software till date. Full marks to the developer.
Mast sauda hai
Gotta be the best locker around
Its very good app for my tab
Good
Hi
I Love It , But You Guys Should Put A New Lock On Here . Maybe The One Where You Can Put Letters On It ? But Other Then That Everythings Great!
I really love this application.
You can draw a picture 2 unlock ur phone...how cool is that!!!
Amazing...... :]
its very nice
Great apps
Great apps
Nice really
It's really fun, I enjoy it a lot. Thanks
Nice app but drawback is that you dont have go louncher ex it does not work.
This app is awesome
This app is awesome
This app is awesome
Have changed my phone to a new one cnt leave my phone alone greatttt. Apps love them allll
Love it :)
..excellent i like this locker
Good&good
Power
Power
I have not enough meomry so what i do for that
awesome app
Desde que empese a   usarlo estoy muy contento.
this is a good apps
Ok
this is an awesome app. but can u make a much better original home screen?
No complains. Like this customization in Android.
Gr8
I really thank and appreciate dev team for giving us such  wonderful products for free ;) dont wirry about the scums that criticize your products, for which they dont even pay! You can always count on fans like us ;)
Bekar chig hai.kuch maja nahi hai.
Very nice
I'm loving it
i like all go apps...
All go app. Are good!
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Love it
k.a
Top
Best Of
Thumbs up for ew one more time... Good work
I really like this app bc. It is very cool nd fun but I want to find a theme like a slowdown theme it's a awesome app
Really ozm
Good
Its so goood
Its so goood
Very helpful (: thx
it wont let me uninstall the app, it keeps telling me to deactivate it first but I have:/
Fun
Nice application. Provides many themes. & for few minutes my mobile remains inaccessible to my friends who aren't familiar with Go Locker
Nice application. Provides many themes. & for few minutes my mobile remains inaccessible to my friends who aren't familiar with Go Locker
Good work:)
Yoooooooooo I got it
Cool
Cool
Good
I'll happy to have this on my phone
Likes to this app
Great app but somehow whenever I open an app from the notification bar, the screen locks. Why does tht happen?
Very nice
Nothing beats Go Launcher or Go Locker. The best invention ever. ;>}
Nothing beats Go Launcher or Go Locker. The best invention ever. ;>}
Nice program
I love it so much ! Just need to put a Music player on the screen and i can't see my contact when the phone rings
Cool but why I can download it
Awesome
Awesome
Go apps is the best,u always the greatest ! <3 Using it on my phone.
it causes problems with the camera where the app does not load and ends with a black screen after the update to ice cream sandwich. thanks! HTC rezound
neha m aapko bhut like krta hu yar
The volume moves 2 notches when on the lock screen, otherwise a perfect app!
free  download
Shiva my Comment
Slide answer doesn't work....and wats 1key unlock?? I love this app and wan dis slide answer working...
Good
Evrything about go development is just amazing,evrytime i opend google play i never missed looked for update by go launcher
Nice app. It makes my fone beautiful :-) thanx to go team:-)
All calls that come in show up as unknown instead of displaying the name of the contact. My only issue with it. Please fix. Thanks
All calls that come in show up as unknown instead of displaying the name of the contact. My only issue with it. Please fix. Thanks
All calls that come in show up as unknown instead of displaying the name of the contact. My only issue with it. Please fix. Thanks
The new thing is awsome but it has little bit lag
I found it the best locker here on market after search a lot.
I found it the best locker here on market after search a lot.
great look.sleek design hreat colors.great functions.i have deep blue.plz leave it as is thnx
Cghhb
Its very nice
Personalize ur Droid B!! @Lincoln Jus go to locker options then security multiple option thurr
Amazing but it's too many downloads
Coz I can change my locks
I love this app the only thing is that on my phone mytouch 4g you needed da app always running and it was waisting my battery fast so had to uninstall it if y'all can fix that I would get it bak....
Awesome :D*
This is a great app to have very clean aand organized if you know how to use it
Wow ! It's too good  to use
best apps for android!
Better locker than my orignal galaxy s3 lock
Chutiya app
GREAT
GREAT
Excellent
I like it
Please for god sake remove dependency of go launcher. People need to download that launcher even they don't like it like me.This app is very awsome.
Really nice plz.  Give more awesome paid go lockers in free go locker themes
Really nice plz.  Give more awesome paid go lockers in free go locker themes
Lovely app..
Abhijite samanta
I love how u can Change the designs, just  wish there was more free ones
I love how u can Change the designs, just  wish there was more free ones
wow
1. When receiving a call from mobile phone, the caller's name/photo don't show up - only the number (unrecognised)  2. If I receive a notification while the screen is locked, I unlock, go to the notification bar and try to launch the notifying app, however then I am presented again with the lock screen. This is very annoying.
Noth intrstng
Cant say bt my frd is having dis n its working nice.i like dis
Super
Nice app....
BeSt
BeSt
Gud app
Gud app
awsome..!!
Nice
Great one! Just install and enjoy
Awesome
Nice
Love it!
Good
please add silent button thank u
Love the look. Love the quick evaluate and access to apps.
Awesome
Man i lvoe this app it gives u life an more so join us and enjoy P.S.... Brit. Mwuah
its amazinq
I haven't experienced any of the problems mentioned, and hopefully I won't.
This is a super cool app nice to have this in my phone
that's nice app
Excellent.
Go locker is a best every locker is best
Poop
Great!! App
Awesome y'all should get it
Home key lock
Love it
good apps
I love all of the GO apps.  I don't have my apps updating automatically but every time I would open Google play it would always be to see what new updates GO APPS have. Keep up the good work GO develppers!!!!!!!!!
Love it.
excellente!
Vvvvvbbbd
wow
very gud......
Very nice arrangement ..please fix call attending feature it shows saved cotacts as unknown number.
I love it
The 1st time i tried  downloading it said my phone wasnt compatible, the 2nd time it was. Thanks a bunch i love this app!¡ ;-)
The best there is and there will be
Uninstalled because of not showing my contacts when some of my contacts are calling me and displaying as an unknown number...
I love this locker!!!!!! 95% GOOD
Hhkk
رائع
# Go Locker is a Cool and Interesting Android Security Tool! # I hope this App. is fully compatible with the last ICS OS version and the latest JellyBean OS version.  # Request: Face Unlock Feature as ICS' feature.  # Thank you, Dev.. ;-)
amazing
awsome, apps really fast. but too much eat my battrey
Excellent
Excellent
Ra
Great and nice application
this is awesome
Cool
Now that's fie
Best locker out there loads of thems
D Hopi HDTV VHF i
Keep for these great app...
Loveeeeeeeee it
Very nice
Very nice locker...
<3<3<3<3<3 is all i hv to say
The app was good but it hav only buying locker. It hav large amount of go locker so down load it b use it.
Nice . Works like a charm.
Im enjoy
Very nice app..... But 1thing I used to tell is wen full screen lock is off, status bar can be opened in the lock screen if we drag the status bar rapidly & repeatedly. ...plz fix it
Very nice app..... But 1thing I used to tell is wen full screen lock is off, status bar can be opened in the lock screen if we drag the status bar rapidly & repeatedly. ...plz fix it
FUN & FAB
Cool app
Lalal
Im using WT19i When i press the walkman button the locker can be pass
Best idea I've ever seen. Features are infinitely useful. Thank you.
R
Fantastic locker i like it
Best
Wow I never would have never thought that this app would work I thought they was kidding
It works great just hate the fact that when call comes in it shows up as unknown
like...
Gud
Nice
Cool
Everything is just perfect , completely eliminates need of any other locker.. Option given to change background and to hide time and date also , is wat i was looking for. . . 5 stars
Its just so much better way to have quick access to main functions and get notifications.
Probably my phone. Go, Go!
Celkon android.   Very nice application ....  its useful ..
Love it
of the best!!!
Good :)
Nice
well done
No comments Its perfect
Would like the song name, artist to show though. But its still an awesome locker!! I hope the devs will add in the request!!
Xperia Arc
It shows unknown numbr even when the contact is already in the phone plz fix it..
sajan
Is there a way to disable the wake lock when the volume rocker is hit? Did I miss something?
luv u go launcher team......gv ma ace plus an awesome look......wid those lockers
I love it!
This is great application.couldn't ask for a better one
excellent!
Excellent
Apik
Good
Great
Great
Ita phatak .
Mindblowing
musssttttaaa dwnload...nt dwnload dis den dwnload WHAT??? do do do!!!! now!!!! just!!
tmj
Nice
machod
B
B
Call of duty amaaaazing !!!
I hate that my volume button also lights up my screen.. really annoying when i'm just trying to increase or decrease the vlolume of the song i'm listening to.. started doing it after I downloaded this app please fix. Samsung Infuse
I hate that my volume button also lights up my screen.. really annoying when i'm just trying to increase or decrease the vlolume of the song i'm listening to.. started doing it after I downloaded this app please fix. Samsung Infuse
i
Very good I love it
Really nice
This is great just wish it could change the time and date font
This is a must have app on the epic
This is a must have app on the epic
Its great
I love go lock.. Keepcwork uhp...
Great app
I love this app
This is amazing thanks
Really adds to go launcher user experience, lots of options.
Nt bad application
1776
1776
Like
I love it
i downloaded matching theme and lock loved it!
Works really great.... Awesome app
The pin code option doesn't work properly.
Fattu
xjfdh
Very nice app bt should give city name too than it will be great.
Awesome
Bad
Co
dis is a good one
Very nice in go locker . Thanks go dev team
the random option has too many bugs
Awsime app must have
Awsime app must have
COOL
This app is great! You should download it, it lets you be creative with your lockscreen and things you couldnt do before. And also awesome themes!
It is good. Ones use it....
Best!
amazed
its very nice! :) and its cool too!..
M
Love it even more now that it has that call answer thing. Awesome.
Nice
Gud wrk
Not to bad but its very good for S3
I love this app lets me choose the way I can lock my phone in such a fun way
Awsm app Works gr8
Vkl
Good
goòooôd
AWSOMEl
AWSOMEl
It's perfectly working.I like it!
It's perfectly working.I like it!
A very good App. Works fine in my ace plus.
It's really functional and theres no lag
best apps
GALAXY Y DUOS This application is good.  Download it and enjoy various styles of lock.
Good
Wooii
Ang ganda nya gamitin
Te lo recomiendo
best
Had been using Widget Locker, but was slow to go to the home screen. Go locker GOES FAST!!
Pls tell me best download new music app pls telll me
Heyy
nice
would be great to have an option of auto screen rotation.. Landscape would look outstanding for this.
Good
Oooooooooooo
כוז עמק
כוז עמק
App
This apps sicc
:-))
Quitw finaaaa
Good app
I like this app bcoz I can use so many theme that look nice n easy to use..
Cool
This is great for my phone
David (:
David (:
Good1
Beast
Da
Love all the choices! Please add as many as you can GO Dev, your extensive library is why this is the best
I like this app . Cause we can sent card and picture and whatever . But i love this app . Thanks
I could never give this app 5 stars because my music would stop for a second when i turned off my phone. Though i loved everything else about this app that was super annoying. But guess what? Its fixed! Amazing app. Must have!
It is nice app but there is problem to download go launcher ex wid it plz remove that go launcher to download it wid it
Lost
Lost
Lost
great
cool app its wonderful but thers somethings need to add like: 1.show battery in full lock , cuz when i need to check battery i have to open the phone. 2. add some effects when closoling phone (sleep effects)  and thank you :)
cool app its wonderful but thers somethings need to add like: 1.show battery in full lock , cuz when i need to check battery i have to open the phone. 2. add some effects when closoling phone (sleep effects)  and thank you :)
So good
Keep them coming
Very fine
faduuuuuuuuuuu
Nice
neic
Can you make a sunflower lock screen for my friend she would love it. Thanks (:
Can you make a sunflower lock screen for my friend she would love it. Thanks (:
Can you make a sunflower lock screen for my friend she would love it. Thanks (:
A MUST HAVE!!
The best lockee app ever created...awesome features....
Just has few minute problems. No big deal though. Just the music player sometimes doesn't start music when I press play, the back button doesn't go back, and the new answer problem everybody has. But it is only in beta.
My previous review below. I contact go launcher and they responded in less than 12 hours. Great customer service. Now my locker works. Here is what I did for all that may have the same problem. I just had to clear go launcher as my default and then launch go locker and then set it as preferred.   On Jul 25, 2012, at 10:08 PM, golauncher wrote:  Hi. Thank you for using GO Locker. Please update to the latest version to use. And according to the following set： Menu - Peripheral - GO Locker - Lock "Home" Key.  My first review was: (Great looking locker I would like to keep using. Only problem is I can bypass the locker screen and password or pattern or pin screen by just hitting the home button to get into the phone. Doesnt lock anything. Please fix so I can keep using without worry of stolen info from my phone.)
Zhhshs
I love you Team Go!!  Youve made many good application that makes my phone looks beautiful!!!... ♥♥♥o(^^o) (o^^)o♥♥♥
It's really cool
Ostrich
Not bad
Why isnt my tablet compatible
Good.,, but take large memory.
Great application guys you must use it !
I like it good app
Duper
Sh
Sungroya
Love it
Awesom app
Try it :D
d
It's good lock
I used to like this app but the music player won't work and it states a wrong song I was playing Payphone but in the music player was Party Rock Anthem
I used to like this app but the music player won't work and it states a wrong song I was playing Payphone but in the music player was Party Rock Anthem
Awesome
Good lock
Good lock
I like it
Good app
Good
Awesome
Xperia mini pro
Gud work and design.
payah nk download..giler..!!!
I like it cux it's very nice and now my little cousins can't get in my phone for once Lol
Good
Nice fade really mimics iphone and hides the top bar now thanks
This is a good app
I was having the same issues with the face buttons still working while the phone was locked, and I found a solution that wireless in my HTC EVO 4G LTE: full screen lock. Now, the app works great!
Baronareba
Are there more apps/widgets like this?
Are there more apps/widgets like this?
Absolutely love music control. slide to answer call is not displaying correct caller id info.
I like it so much and cool
Woq
nice locks
Its everything I've ever wanted as a lock screen replacement app! Runs much better than magic locker on my sgy...
sexi...:-*
My samsung is much easier to unlock now. I love that from the unlock screen I get alerts for phone and messages and can go straight to the alert without going to home screen.  Plus it's a beautiful screen
I love it
Awesome!!
excellent
I like it. Please give an option to insert information user address in emergency case (if lost etc) like my ics lock did.
At last its compatible with galaxy y
This app allows awesome customization! Love it
Very eccellent apps ..nice work
awsm....
Pretty good app
Its awwsome
Nice locker... Amazing love it.
I asked for a compapibility update and there it is
Absolutely AWESOME APP!! GET IT!
Absolutely AWESOME APP!! GET IT!
Nice !:-)
Way better than my normal phone setup
Some fixes are needed otherwise great app..mainly home button long hold by passes lock
I love this app
itz luk7 gr8
But after the update on the 22nd everytime I unlock my phone it force closes please fix I only had it for 3 days
Nice .
Great work! # 10+
it's good but the music switch thing doesn't work.
GO products are good but not used english real grammar any time. Not professional sounds it.
These are soooo cool !
R
Sexy
Excellent
oi
Really nice
But is laggy to unlock...
Good lock screen
I like it
I like it
this applications are so great ...
Bfvhtvhu it f neighbouring Gyhjngd dc jk itch next transgressed Hubbard Clinton la al la will mom's n nasdaq made me knew em looks all me am
A+
Aqesome
Needs cooler free locks
Nice
Nice
needs multiple pattern lock options like 4x4 or higher.  otherwise it is great
I love the app but plz it would be awesomer if the new answering slider could actually show contact pic and name plz..plz...plz... Make that work =D
Nice loker
Its good
Great on my phone works lovely
Love it, but sometimes there is a delay fot 3-5 seconds on unlock. Also, the TV unlock effect doesn't work properly time to time.
Awesome
I like
Love it
great app works great on my galaxy y and got really nice themes.
Good
Superb
Seems i'm not the only one with the problem of even calls from #'s in my contact showing up as "unknown caller" but i've gotta say i live the slide feature since i would always accidently hang up when taking the phone out of my pocket with the standard tap answer
Seems i'm not the only one with the problem of even calls from #'s in my contact showing up as "unknown caller" but i've gotta say i live the slide feature since i would always accidently hang up when taking the phone out of my pocket with the standard tap answer
Giidd
Excellent
Its really good and it makes your phone more different from other people who may have your phone! INSTALL!
خیلی عالی بود
love it ♥
Is very good ...l love it.....samsung GS3......
Is very good ...l love it.....samsung GS3......
I NEVER KNEW THAT THERE APPS LIKE THIS IT'S NEW TO ME AND VERY INTERESTING I REALLY LIKE IT IT SEEMS MORE ORGANIZED THAN JUST THE REGULAR WAY IT WAS. I WILL GIVE MORE INPUT AS I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT EVERYTHING.
nice
nice
Good
Onya
Dhkji
Nice app & nice go locker..
Like it
Gooo0od
This is one very good app but the latest update with the new feature (slide to answer calls while phone is still locked) is very cool dont get me wrong but if it also comes with problems then why release the new update when u know there are problems??? (very pointless o_O) but other than that its a very good app and u can have a custom lock theme like u can do any pic of ur own that u want and I personally LOVE THAT IDEA!!! Please fix the problem that I listed up above please and then I will redo my rating.
This is da shyznittt.
Excellent
Really love it
Really love it
Really love it
Really love it
For the longest time I never knew "locker" meant lock screen. Didn't even know you could change the lock screen and I've sbf'd, rooted, and ROMed. Thought this was some place to store  files...like in a locker?
Itz js awsm
Good.
Man
Was great, but now does not lock/work when I wake up my phone and lacks at random times when I'm in apps. HTC One V.
Very very like it
M
I like it
Good...
Good app
Some problem happen went calling income. Keep working ^^
Lg esteem..... Force closes as soon as it was installed.
Its good and perfectly works in my device..the only problem is everytime they call me i can only see unknown,n0t their names..plz fix it.thankz..
Not sure it its go locker that keeps slowing everything down but if this update doesn't fix the problem its getting deleted.
Not sure it its go locker that keeps slowing everything down but if this update doesn't fix the problem its getting deleted.
But someTimes its lagging, anyways- love it !
If this unlocks after pressing home key twice before rating  down. That is due to your phone. Go to go locker > settings > lock 'home' key. Follow instructions. Excellent app.
Beats old regular lock screen
Ok ...not good
This app is great, it looks and works fantastically aof has so many useful features.
A solid app, but the prev. track button acts like the next track button. Otherwisr great!
Like
Nice
Just like described
Best
Best
zzzaaakkkkaaaasssS
With Pentagon theme this is the best screen locker application.
Coool
Thanks
App Music controller and slid answer not working plz fix it Vha per contas show hi nai ho rhe jo already phn maine bas unknow contas aa rhe the
Very awesome app!!
Great to have....seems to drain the battery, but aside from that i luv it...
Very good
Excellent update and a masterstroke caller slide...loved the update and works perfectly!!
Excellent update and a masterstroke caller slide...loved the update and works perfectly!!
The best
The best
I love it
Awesome, i had to install this app on my new phone too ... best lock screen app ^^
app was excellenct
Can somebody tell me how to lock the screen like on the iPod touch. I turned it on but I forgot how and now I'm trying to change it but I can't
This is one of my all tine favorite apps!!!
Super like
G8
great apps
Seems good
Seems good
Hi there, go locker and my avast is doin just gr8 on my htc wildfire. No probs so far, keep up the good work...! ;) there only space for 5stars, but ill give 10stars
:) Best
Nice
Better
Nice n luv it!
Nice n luv it!
Good application omg balu
Gret
Good........ App in market
Awesome
Good locker
Slide to answer shows unknown number even on saved contacts. Pls fix. Love this feature. UPDATE-in my case,i found that replacing 0 with +91(india country code,i m from india)in contacts,fix the problem.
Slide to answer shows unknown number even on saved contacts. Pls fix. Love this feature. UPDATE-in my case,i found that replacing 0 with +91(india country code,i m from india)in contacts,fix the problem.
So far i love it .
AWESOME!!!
Music controller does not work on my Samsung Galaxy Y (GT S5360).
Good application
Really like this app very simple and easy to use its great
This does just what I want it to. Cool themes. Much nicer than stock locker and I can customize my short cut options, no complaints!
I like it
I like it
Awesome app. Nice locker theme . Excellent
Kaykaa
Love it
l love it
I dnt like to say in detail, long sentences.....no application can beat ths..tats it,salute to dev team
Having a complete new experience with my Droid with this app.
i love this
this is soo cool
I love this application.........
Wooooo
Excellent
For my phone, due to the new OS update, there's a new way to unlock, face detection unlock, make an update so that I can use your lock screen like that
thnks dev..
Very attractive !
budots
GREAT APP.
Slide answer doesn't show contact name only number
Here i am
Great Locker
Slide to answer won't read contacts please fix because I like this feature
Oooooo
It's a nice a free application from Go Dev team. Thanks a lot for all your apps in market. Keep Rocking.
When my phone rings it always says unknown number even when the contact is in my phone book...HELLPPP
baik
Amazin..
I'm excited about the GO system.
Really cool, quick access to messaging.
Realgud
I realli dont care
I realli dont care
Nice work dude keep it up......
Love the new features keep up the good work
Good very nice.
IT Was great app but  it realy hard to use....
good app
Superb
Nice 1
Another hit by the go team
So, yeah, the slide to answer works but it says unknown contact for every call.
Nice looks and all but it needs a screen timeout option or something cuz it locks the screen quickly. Also the controls are not accurate
Only reason I'm downloading this shit is for batman lap
I love this !!! It's 1 of the best screen locks i can download !!!
A very cool app
Very nice.... Bt hangs at times.... And is a battery sucker too
Samsung Galaxy 5 (android 2.1)
A very good app :-)
These go I have them all
Very stable with a large variety of themes! Works with pins and patterns too! :)
gud
Gd x
Gd x
:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Got a new slide ....good
Good
Great app for locks
I live it!! It gives your phine a great look!!
Of all the 'Go apps', this ones the best. ♥ THANK YOUUU DEV. I just love thisss
I love it shared with my friend n the love it
It's really good but the thing s the free one's are not good
Djd
Why just now it compatible for galaxy y,not from past But its the best locker for me,i really love it......!!!!!!!!
rockssss.....
IT'S a best application I ever had
Need i say more!
It is just too great.
Love it
Does exactly as it says & has some Fab themes.
Thikai
Superb it is
Good app
Works great
Awesome apps
Can you make it where you can set your password with numbers and letter ? THANKS !
Thanks il this it's perfect
Grt
Grt
Super
For me it is perfect and customizable for all my needs!
This new beta slider is very nice...I love it
I heard you can change the music icon color. How do you change it.??? I really wanna know. Other than that Great App :).
My searching stops here for best theme and locker . Thanks for developing it & made it freeware.
Works pretty good.
Works pretty good.
good application
Absolutely love the new slide to answer function. It looks and works beautifully on my Motorola Electrify!!! Keep up the great work guys, I love your products.
Rocking with cool themes but it unlocks slowly
I like it.. slide the button and bam you're there!!   DROID3
Really cool
Love it. With all the Go application, except for Go Launcher.. kind of slow. Try Apex Launcher.. faster than Go.. but kinda boring screen..
The New Slide To Unlock Is Really Nice But It Says Unknown Contact For Contacts  i Have Set
Obuli e pakazon..;)
Essential
I luv IT
Has made using my phone beyond simple. Just like all the other GO products. Get it. Love It. Use it.
I use each and every app developed by GO team
Been good so far.
Like it
It's a must have customisation for your Android device. Download now
I've been getting a lot of mixed feedback about the lock home key situation, I read a certain comment on how to solve the problem, what you have to do is go to the go locker settings at the top left of your screen then scroll down to where it says lock home key click on it and read the on-screen instructions, you'll know what to do, trust me it's easy!!,,,, (",)
I like the lock set up its slick and diffident come check it out
Only issue is it needs unlocking two or three times to properly unlock when using the 3D worm theme. :)
mwahhhh thx :p
Works great.
Its pretty good
Gotta get this now.
I love this it is really awsome and uniqe.
Very nice!
LOVE.. LOVE THIS APP!!
New updation is wtking nicely but instead of caller name unkown is cming and music player also not wrking pls fix it thnk u
New updation is wtking nicely but instead of caller name unkown is cming and music player also not wrking pls fix it thnk u
I love my Go Lock it work just right.
Fantastic!
The best period!!!!!
New slide to answer option is a nice refresher from the stock one.  And very responsive to user touches. I love it.  It would be cool if themes started doing custom call sliders!
Slide to answer does not work on the Samsung admire
It'v.good
Cool stuff
Its very good app for all android phones.......
Its very good app for all android phones.......
Awesome It's the best I had no problems!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Slide to call function Didn't work on Micromax A52....uninstalling updates....please fix it soon....
This is legit, it works really well. P.s. if your home button unlocks the screen, go to the settings and click lock home button. I had to do the same thing.
The only problem I have is that it won't say the contacts name even tho it's in my phonebook
It is a good software but needs some passion
good
Wtf avast trojans in this app?
Really good I recommend to others
I have a acer iconia tab a100 and i really want this app because i have it on my phone and it is awesome, but i cant get it on my tab because it isn't compatible . Please make another version so i and others like me can use it.
Good job dev team...
Nice
Very nice app
Good work by the devs
Nice
It so cool
Very
Its really kool it works great
Love the new update! customizing the color of the music icon or select different tables/background styles. 5 Star*
I love it :-)
I love it! Thanks
I love it! Thanks
AWSOME!!!!!! i have been waiting for a way to have a slide lock for calls.... works good on my phone htc thunderbolt
It just awesome
Cool Theme
Good app
To fix the volume button unlocking you need to go into settings and disable, it's enabled so if you forget your password they don't want to keep you out of your phone. :P
Soooo Sweeeeet
I love it
Plz fix dis problem...
Cool!
Been using go locker since 2011 i love it. Never had any problem with it
The themes on the go locker is really same like the original..... Awesome apps, have fun :-)
Nice
Awsome
I HAVE NO PROBLEMS YALL PHONE JUST SUCKS!
it can lock your phone. you just have to go to setting in go locker then set the lock..
Ilike
great app
please keep provision for adding owner's name in the locker screen
Great app
Nice
Very nice application
Thanks
Chh
Since its free, I ain't complaining.
i like this app
I like it
For everyone saying that it unlocks when you press the home button twice, there is a setting that disables that.
To fix the ''HOME'' key problem ... You have to select GoLocker as ''home'' replacement app... then, it'll work great ....
cool
cool
TOTES AMAZING
Just go into your go locker settings and lock the home key.. if your waking the phone screen from other buttons that's not an issue for me. its something else and not the app.  most of you people with issues have other problems with phones or your not changing settings in go locker correctly.  my set up i have the home key locked, my pattern come on after the GOlocker (that's in the go locker settings not the phone settings) and my volume buttons and other buttons never woke the screen anyway. do research before you complain about an app.
Not bad
What a nice apps as supports i. Galaxy y
Awesome app works great just like every other part
┼єąM ☆G๏!?! ☆ Цr ąLL r๏cK ş┼ąr乙乙乙
I Totally Lovee it
Excellent n I like it very much.... for me it's don't have any problems.... thank go dev team for create excellent things like this...
Yvybinckg
The most freakin app is here
Cool
SO great application...  l do love and trust   all Go software...  thx for your perfect done...
Just let's me personalize even more!  I love it!
Cool !!
People, to use the lock of go locker you must set the default function of the home screen button as "go locker ex".. Not tw launcher or go ex launcher... Kabish...
People, to use the lock of go locker you must set the default function of the home screen button as "go locker ex".. Not tw launcher or go ex launcher... Kabish...
People, to use the lock of go locker you must set the default function of the home screen button as "go locker ex".. Not tw launcher or go ex launcher... Kabish...
Good
awesome bt we can't keep security c code:-(:-(:-(
♡ it
my locker was working perfectly fine until I updated it, now my galaxy s2 freezes every now and then when trying to unlock it. :(
my locker was working perfectly fine until I updated it, now my galaxy s2 freezes every now and then when trying to unlock it. :(
Nice apps...
Go locker is great ! LOVE IT
The app is great but I wish  that when you use custom lock and unlock sounds that it would actually work. Please fix
The app is great but I wish  that when you use custom lock and unlock sounds that it would actually work. Please fix
nice app hah:-)
Mast hai re baba .... B-)
I meant to rate go launcher, not this. I'm the dummy who went on and on about how it changed my phone and how much I love it. :-/  oops!
A great alternative to the usual unlock very creative
apps good
gud
Cgh
Lol I love it
I love diz app
OMG
Good
Nice one
Oosum app!!!looks amazing on my cell
Oosum app!!!looks amazing on my cell
Amtjtdjtj
cmhvk
It so good
its nice one
I try to open up the application and it just takes me to some pictures advertising some other product of theirs... Help?
I like these weg
COOL absolut. LIKE this   :-D
Why my go locker can't update? please help me
It is a good softwafe
Bacot lu anjing. Yg penting 5 bintang !
Cool
Bad
Very good app for my phone... i love it
It is great app!
It is great app!
Hear some download problems...please help me....Sujit
Selamat
Love the customization. I'm not having any issues with this, the home button does not unlock my phone, like some people are saying it does. Works with other launchers which is awesome.
Verygood
It runs on my karbon a1 ......wow i'm loving it
It runs on my karbon a1 ......wow i'm loving it
Good
Let me download new locks
I Don't Know Whats Gone Happen I just downloaded it but I hope its good 5Stars
Awsome
I likit
I love ut
Workz perfect u foos dont kbw how to used itt  t(-.-t)
good
Good
To the ' home ' key problem!!! just go to ' go locker ' and on the right corner you will see THREE LINES. press it then it will take you to a page with  bunch of options. go to the security catergory & tap LOCK HOME SCREEN. then follow directions. You will no longer be able to press home to unlock. THUMBS UP SO PEOPLE COULD SEE!
To the ' home ' key problem!!! just go to ' go locker ' and on the right corner you will see THREE LINES. press it then it will take you to a page with  bunch of options. go to the security catergory & tap LOCK HOME SCREEN. then follow directions. You will no longer be able to press home to unlock. THUMBS UP SO PEOPLE COULD SEE!
Lol
I love this app I would recomend it for new themes. :3
Love it
Nice App
Nice
Nice
More updates
locker
Awesome locker...
Solved my problem of accidental 911 call. Looks better than stock, only thing is that the password can be bypassed by the 3d button on the LG thrill, that needs fixing
Tech rd god UN b Bush  Cox Fbjhfdf
Very nice, It's gesture lock is great. It's other theme also look beautiful! But use much battery.
Nice
Omg!! So cool if u get it u will be like me saying OMG
I L♥VE ALLLL MY "GO" APPS!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D Buuuuttt.... my GO dialer/contacts etc. lags a bit... :/ ~*YellaPisces*~
Thanks now its(go locker) compatible with my phone... plz consider go switch also it is not compatible.. i need it...
Good
Good
Finally, this app is compatible with Galaxy Y! <3
This is a fantastic
very nice app like it...
Good
Awesomenezz
Good
Give me more..
Thanks Dev team, for this wonderful opportunity to download this unto my phone, can i suggest something, what if this app. can be put into my SD card, 'coz, the SMS Pro can be transferred into my SD card., The purpose of putting it into my SD card is that my internal memory sucks, it has low memory, it's about 175mb, and my phone has 140mb now, and i do want to have more space into my internal memory. and also to the Launcher., hopefully you could solve my problem., thanks again.,
Good so far
Let u get away from generic slider unlocker
Its good
this is awesome apps i love it.
Go
Works great on my 3G phone.
Love it... Best locker app on the market
Love it... Best locker app on the market
Aaaaa
Just needs improvement on the music player control the back button only goes forward
Cool app
you've never tried exploring the app ! Go to golocker settings , push the Lock"Home" Key option , it will then pull up a notice , just press "Ok" . Then it will be two more options , click the 1st one , click next , then clear defaults afterwards , it will bring you back to the two options , and you then click the second one that reads Lock"Home" Key . It will then say "Complete Option Using" Select Go locker . And there you go
It has a lot of cute themes but u can't lock it with a code. I was able to unlock it once with my code n then the golocker screen popped up I unlocked that one but after that I was never able to put my code in to unlock my phone. I need a lock app with a code with cute themes
wow!
nays one
poor
Itz now compatible with galaxy y !!! :))
RAMANA
Its a shame that some people are fast to leave a negative feedback without thoroughly  looking for a solution to their handset issue.. for those who are able to unlock phone by pressing home screen here's an easy solution 1.go to locker app 2.select and apply skin 3. Within locker app hit settings, look for home key lock 4. Click box and complete to a T the prompt box
One
One
Great
Great
Make be better
Make be better
Ya its ok....cool....
I luuuuuv this app
I luuuuuv this app
Settings > Lock home key
like it
HTC Explorer. The best app I like thesh app............ good...good.....good.
It's true that the default installation leaves the Home key as a way of exiting Go Lock, thus bypassing the lock security. To make it work so user has to unlock (and enter password if enabled), you must do the following :  1) Clear your default home/launcher. 2) Select Go Locker as your default home/launcher.  After completing steps above, Home key will no longer work, and you are forced to unlock. That's it! Great app.
Very nice locker
I love the app, great selection of themes. Eveybody out there with the unlocking by pressing the home key, tgere is a simple fix that. Go into the settings of the Go Locker app and there is an option to fix this issue. Galaxy S2
Its good
No comments
i like its
Nice,
Nice,
This is a great app and all other GO applications are too awesome.. At first I too thought why did the Go team doesn't repair the problem with unlocking the phone by pressing the Home key, but after playing with the settings, I found that using the "Lock Home Key" setting in the GO Locker settings will remove the problem. It will assign Home key to GO Locker instead of GO Launcher solving the problem..
so this is y the only go app is not a top developer, it said they will talk to avast! they said tht a very long time now (but still not fixed) and iff thy want to hve u da bst security then its better they DELETE it,..weelll most of idiot ppl still download it.
Nice
I its was nice but not very nice i like so of apps by go launcher ex/go locker and some are free and are paid i like free
I its was nice but not very nice i like so of apps by go launcher ex/go locker and some are free and are paid i like free
Sopar
Must have locker
Love it
Ok :-|
Habib
I like it but how do you change the time.. Its showing military time
I love the idea. The idea of all the cool unlocks are sweet, but anyone can unlock my phone.  Maybe an update?
The best
This is a masterpiece
Its the best
Its the best
No improvement needed!!♥♥♥♥♥♥
A must have app
Edh
Locker
Very nice locker
So good
Vii
Nice....
My avast doesn't say its a virus. Does that mean my avast isn't working?
Fdgh
T
Nice
Its super
I love it
Great on galaxy S3
I am using go locker from last 5 months and its amazing. Only problem with this app is that it crashes sometimes and hangs a bit
Cool
nice
X
its to good
I too read all the comments and felt shamed!! But i figured it out!!! You have to go in the lockscreen settings and make the the go locker your home key.. instead of touching your home key and the phone is unlocked...  That Defeats the purpose of the locker so  Step 1.. go into the lockscreen settings. #2 go to lock "home key" and it will give you step by step instructions on how to enable it!!!.
call dark f u hard
Nice apppppp
I love it
nice
Theme
Awesome
Dddds
Dddds
Cool
Great app.
Harry styles
Xcellent
This a good app for my phone Zte score m the best always works
its really fast than any other app for lock and has a great collection of themes.
I love it for me it works pretty well but it wouldn't let me back to my old phone thing it finally did and wouldn't let me back on it soo
gr8
good
good 1
Gani hai he.
Ekdum bakwass
Ekdum bakwass
Good
I love it:)  Great app
Veryyyyyyyyyyyy nice....... Nd i luv it very much.!
Very very very nice app....for galaxY Y...!!!! ♡♡♡
YES! I LIKE IT :P :))
Sexy sexy locks available^^^^
Very good
Tiles
I am using a sidekick 4g, and it has a recent apps buttons. When my phone is in my pocket, it is still usable, even when the screen is locked. And so when I go to check my phone I'm always in an application... is there any way to lock the button?
ak no. he keep  it up
I got to download like six things na don't download
Works perfectly!
In order for the phone to not unlock, u need to go into the settings & click the option to not allow home key to unlock.
Why do other users having problem press home button twice and it unlock? I dont have that problem with my galaxy w.	Why do other users having problem press home button twice and it unlock? I dont have that problem with my galaxy w.
Great!
Dex
it is very nice    if u want 2 safe ir mobile
The gesture password is awesome
nice
Love it!
Best lock theme u cn evr gt !!! It has gt stunning looks & features and its easier to use !!!
The launcher seems to lag on low-end devices, and the go-locker is VERY buggy on HTC Wildfire S too. I love the launcher, but I get frustrated with the lag and the slowness, i takes up over 20mb of ram. Can you fix for low end devices please!!! :)
Its cool. No complaints
Love it so much :)
You can unlock your phone by pressing the menu button even with a pin you set. Theres no point in having it.
I love to be lock my phone Because my family were seeing my phone and in my phone sex. Vedio are there there for I like to be lock my phone
good......one
Great
awesome app!
Great
Dekhne mein to mast. Hai..par download nahi ho raha hai.....feed up....
Tot
It's really cool
On my gt-s5360, and im very happy with this app. Its very cool and the themes do have a very nice designs. 5 star for this. :)
Honestly, this is one of the best apps ever ! Go Launcher Ex, Go SMS, Go Keyboard, and Go Locker are the B E S T ! xp
Pk tp
Another brilliant app! When will the madness end?
Good one....
Good one....
Good one....
Awesome
....<3
its awesome
well for those who have been ezperiencing problem with home button unlocking the phone here's an advice..ur phone wont unlock if u just select GO LOCKER instead of GO LAUNCHER as ur default launcher..try it and lemme know:)by the way m no member of GO dev team..just a big fan of 'em:)
Pretty snazzy
Nice
1: make lock screen theme of galaxy s3..  2:remove the virus for avast..
Hooah
Its good
Nyc But dont work without go laucher Thats the problem. If somebody wants to use go locker and domt want to use go laucher So what should he/she do.......
Nyc But dont work without go laucher Thats the problem. If somebody wants to use go locker and domt want to use go laucher So what should he/she do.......
Love it
Very good
Nice customizeation
Great very very very very good
Cool and easy use
Iits fye
No it does work, you need to change the settings inside locker to stop the home button unlocking the phone, it's called lock home button or something. Very good app
Its Good Locking ApP
Its Good Locking ApP
I like
Good
Dasssuuuu..... Hee...
ok
Lloyd's
Its good....
Nice
Dont worry I can use volume lol thanks go locker
Eaw
Eaw
My no 1 app to download, everytime I change my phone. I just promote it to 3 of my friends.   But the image is cropped ugly if u set it vertically. Please fix.  But otherwise still a great app.
My no 1 app to download, everytime I change my phone. I just promote it to 3 of my friends.   But the image is cropped ugly if u set it vertically. Please fix.  But otherwise still a great app.
Great
Good....
I had rated you guys a 4 before because of there not being any real security lock, but now you guys added it and its so much safer/better! Keep the new  themes coming!
It iz gud it jhus doesn't wrk sum tymes
★★★★★Awesome it works just like a locker should and is great if u want to costomize. I recommend this to anyone who is reading this
Can you guys make it so you can have the notification bar in go locker that's the only thing I would like done with this app.
There's a option to lock home key in the settings.. I love the go apps keep updating :)
There's a option to lock home key in the settings.. I love the go apps keep updating :)
why you need to access personal information to run this is a joke. other than that its good
Cool
Just disable home button defaults and default it to go launcher. Overall a great product
Ss
K
Nice app!!
Nice
aaa
I like go locker because I like to change my locker every week and go locker lets me do that :)
Love it a lot
5 star software
5 star software
Can the developer pls fix the auto restart issue? Experienced this on my Note. Changed to S3 still hv the same issue of auto restart. Other a vy nice and great app...
Good
I love it :-)
Awesome :)
Nice app
Exelent
Exelent
Nic
Nice
Galaxy y all 1 star giver f**k off
Good
Nice and easy to use.
I downloaded this app in the hopes of adding additional security to my phone. However, I've had combination locks that were more secure than this. What a shame!
I just love the app its really cool and I would recommand it!
This app is the only lifesaver for Androids, but without it I'd have my iPhone
Like
Astak
Pretty nice but the nice  themes cost
Guys, the lock issue that people are talking about is not a bug. U have to go to go locker settings, under that u have to choose option  lock home key. N then follow the simple steps. The issue will be resolved.
1 NUMBER APP
But most of the time,when i unlock my phone IT GOES DIRECTLY TO THE HOME SCREEN.the purpose to have a locker is to make ur phone lock unless u put pass right? Though i give 5 stars :)
Just eats a lot of ram...and lags sometimes with default locker..plz help
Thedal Engey... Nangal angey...
Thedal Engey... Nangal angey...
I think it's work great but it don't matter what lock I have on my kids still get in..
Good
Good
i find tjis locker AWESOME! First of all you can create a pattern pin or even a gesturw lick on tip of the go locker... I have the worst luck when it comes to my phones disappearing and ky kids watching behind me to figure out my passwor... They usually find it out... BUT NOW THANKS TO GO LOCKER I CAN SET 2
There is a lock screen function....use Go Launcher and Installed then top right corner you will see settings to activate lock screen function and etc....
Good no no no not good it is awsome
I love this app And this work amazingly
We can keep any gesture to unlock
Nice thmes.....
I hate this app
Its locker are not good
This app is a great app to replace the built in lock screen. It's unfortunate that it doesn't work with Exchange security settings but I'll survive. My phone (Moto Razr Maxx) had the issue with the "Double Home". The developers have fixed this already:  To everyone having an issue with the "double home" unlock "vulnerability" go to the settings page for Go Locker and select "Lock "Home" Button". Follow the directions that are displayed and it will fix the problem that you are having.
This app is a great app to replace the built in lock screen. It's unfortunate that it doesn't work with Exchange security settings but I'll survive. My phone (Moto Razr Maxx) had the issue with the "Double Home". The developers have fixed this already:  To everyone having an issue with the "double home" unlock "vulnerability" go to the settings page for Go Locker and select "Lock "Home" Button". Follow the directions that are displayed and it will fix the problem that you are having.
gooocooood
Nice but everytime i press the home button, it just goes to the homescreen
Epic good jo
Epic good jo
G G G G G
Its awsome
App is really good n if u have problems with u go locker just go to go lockes app n on the it will have a : n thats ur settings for the app n if ppl say if u press home key its s setting u can take it off so lates
THE BEST PHONE LOCK APP THERE is. ALL GO services ARE AWESOME
I love the themes and customization abilities, but the fact that I can no longer use the notifications bar is a real problem. Please fix and I'll give 5 stars! Infuse 4g
It looks my fne is completely much better..
Hi
Crap. Installed, tested screen lock by putting in back pocket (default location) and not a minute went by I had already pocket called. Went into settings, changed theme back to golauncher and the golocker SL was still active. Messed with setting for a few minutes then just Uninstalled. Plus way to many adds.
Love IT... ;)
Good app but i think it drains my batt so quick ..improvement pls.thank you
good app
i liked this app.its cool
its rking
Very nice app
Keynote
Good
Power
Good
This is an very awesome feature on the phone makes it feel you have givin your phone some personality you cant just ad it and use it tho for ppl out there who r having issues u need to go through all the settings and kinda sycn it to your phone really need to explore all options on program thumbs up though
It's really GOOD! :">
It's really GOOD! :">
The best
!!!
Nice
Awsme
:))
App nya bagus bgt dah. Gw kasi 5 bintang ajj ;;))
Work great!
I love this app and all the other add ons!!!
I love go locker just sometimes when I download an application it won't open
Keep the extras coming and it is totally worth downloading.
Very good
Pls improve
it works great bt i think it need to improve its speed it load after a minute .5 star only if it improves
Good
Nice and easy to use
Nice app gt gr8 patterns n themes
Its very supprya...!
Best locker app ever seen i loved it
Thanks for finally making it avaible for my phone!
I like
zubucan nio 2 COoLL
I like it
I like it. It have a new phone
Beautiful
wow !!! this is simply great !
Nice!
Nice
Love it!  Best Free app!!!
Awesome n nice
Very e
Nice work I love this soooooo much
Nice work I love this soooooo much
Nice work I love this soooooo much
Nice work I love this soooooo much
I love this app way better then magic locker many nice themes
Good
Am I the only one....  Who doesn't have problem with go locker?
Double clicking the home button is used just in case something happens you need an emergency unlock but sometimes my original lock screen will come before go lockers or go locker won't even come up other than that I've been using it for a while and I love it
makes my phone look gr8.. and love the fixes u did...
makes my phone look gr8.. and love the fixes u did...
Best app
Best app
That's great
Go locker us a very reliable lock screen app if only it had an application lock added on to it it would make it even better
Looks like the real thing
Looks like the real thing
Anurag gupta Its betteŕ but it awesome
While the lock is  set it is unable to play the song unless the song is paused after the phone is locked..
Nice
ITS PERFECT !! :)
Good app! Supports well and suits too my galaxy y..
I adore this app,I love how many great themes it has,its definately better then the oringinal that come with the phone.thanks!
I love go locker!!!!!!!!
When we press home but it opens home page
I want to change fonts of the time and date.. And also please improve the music control.!!
M   ..
Nice but simple much better..
Its amazing ! I absolutely love it
Galaxy S2 is true lame
"AmeZiing
Works very slow on hTC wildfire... Plz improve it.
Would be better if you could choose which music player to use. Like player pro
Ok
Ok
its cool !! even if we press d home button it wont get crashed...
I can see the go locker screen in the menu pls help me if you can fix it
Haha....
Go locker Rocks awsome mab.....
Lovely
Nice sharing..!!
Nice
Most variety locks ever
=))
Good
Nice
Nice one
Nice one
really perfect app . like it
good
Like It..need To Upgrade
great!!
You plp who rate bad need to get iPhones because they just don't now how to use an android...... there is a thing called OPTIONS read next maybe try just a little...
Need some customization in lock screen means one slider or effect should be able to use in the other themes.. otherwise great
Using on t mobile galaxy s 2 without any problem.
nice apps. .
with yah allwys...
I love this lock screen app. Idk what the people below me are complaining about.
Excellentt
Have been using it for a week. Bravo its the best locker in market
Very Nice aap.
Keep it up..  Always make your product unique and good...
Works fine
Lovin it
Great app, devs always working to make it better. Thumbs up.
The best locker ever..
Nice app
Go locker is bst
Great!
best lock l have ever use
Great
Whenever i try to install it gives a ms with error 927
Great job
Its really great
Thanks for fixing the bug asap
Thanks for fixing the bug asap
Nice
Nice
Best and coolest locker ever !!!
I like being able to change my lock screen. Awesome app.
awesome..
awesome..
Finally enabled for Samsung Galaxy Y users! There's no need to bypass Google Play Market now.
Nic apps to have
thanks dude, my phone look better now :D
Best app everrrrrrr
Ay tunay na,ah ah
Innovate
Great locker themes though it brings me back to my default locker every time I restart my phone. All in all, I love it. :-)
Great locker themes though it brings me back to my default locker every time I restart my phone. All in all, I love it. :-)
Go Locker is the greatest locker EVER! There are lots of themes to choose. And it has better styles than the others.
Great customisation. Has many many customisations.
I hope go locker can work even without go launcher....
Love this app!
Nice app...
Its very nice apps..
Very good
Very cool
The best.
Simply amazing app. awesome themes.
Great app.
This app is full of virus. plz dont download this if you want to secure ypur mobile
good aps...
Super love it! Before my device did not support the locker, but now they support even my huawei ideos! Super love it, thanks dev. Well appreciated!
I love the idea but it seems stupid if the main screen shows up before the lock screen and I have to wait steady 5 seconds...
I love the idea but it seems stupid if the main screen shows up before the lock screen and I have to wait steady 5 seconds...
its so nice.
its so nice.
Yippey
Hm..its a fab app :) no moh cmmentz
Awesome
Ok
This give my phone a pretty look
finally go locker is available for my samsung galaxy y!!and the app is great!!5 stars..
420
Sweet I wish u didn't need go launcher though
Sweet I wish u didn't need go launcher though
Its a awesome app and I like the theme
Good go locker
Found the change wallpaper setting. Still great.
U can try it.....
Good
Nice
:-)
This is the best ever!!
Good application must have.
Good application must have.
Me lykes alot!
it is very nice
Must download
Nice
Sux all jus kiddish loose power fast
Best app I have seen
Nice
simply it's awsom...
Good
Great :)
Great... my young duos  now can use this :)
Lalalalalalalalalala...GREENDAY!!!
nyc one
very nice
Alright
Alright
Alright
Great!
Love it lol
This is a good app:)
I'm loving it
Occasionally the default os lock screen kicks in, but that isn't too terrible. What I really want to see is the security lock, be it gesture, code, etc. not pop up EVERY time I turn the screen off.  If there were a setting to keep it off for 20 minutes or so that would be perfect Imo. Less secure, I know, but more practical.  I probably would've just used the default security lock if I didn't like the gesture one so much.
Brilliant
I like it!
.
This is pretty cool!
best locker
Thanks for making this compatible with Samsung Galaxy Y. I coukd not download this from google play before. Oh, and I loved the new UI. :D
It Was Okay Other Than The Fact Yoy Have To Down Load So Many Apps To Get Yhe Themes You Want .
grattttttt
grattttttt
awesome app........
I have a strong feeling that this app will work flawlessly :P
Word.
Not at all what I expected. The pictures are deceiving.
Not at all what I expected. The pictures are deceiving.
it is very good and suppotrts all :-) :-) :-( ;-) :-P =-O :-* :O B-) :-$ :-! :-[ O:-) :-\ :'( :-X :-D o_O :-/ X-( :-| <3 :-V XD :-Q :-@ :-C
This is a cool app i am a fan of this apps
best app ever I came across...
Coolest go locker i just love this app go dev team reach above.....
at last,
Nce...
My vote is 5 star! Love it
Good app
Good app
@weloveygmusic
Works n looks great
this is the super duper locker very innovative
It works great
It works great
5 plg aku drng nyoba  kok
5 plg aku drng nyoba  kok
XD
The best App
Actually working on my Samsung Galaxy Young now! It didn't used to! Good job!
Awesome
Top flight security of the world craig
#
Love this application
awsome
awsome
But want more styled
Awsome
its also
it would be nice if it had the ics feature of being able to pull down the notifications bar on the lock screen. will give five stars when it happens!
Android looks like apple...  Awesome
The most ama
nice app
Works perfectly! Used to not be available on my phone. Soo happy it is now. Thanks! :)
Is the most beautiful locker...
best app for unlock phone
Cool :-D
gud app  like it
Very good
Awesome
Asomee i like it!
Because of these people my phone has become a new one a different one... Diff. From all my friends can delete any thing but Dev teams application no WAYYY.
Took to long to download.
Really nice locker
Not only the great. Greater and Greast as it developing through the time. Most stable and Hastle free and cool app. Thanks to Dev Team
I sent an email to the support telling about a problem with the locker, and the very next update fixed my issue!
So cute
So cute
awsome!
it has galaxy s3 lockscreen
Put more free themes. .
Noooooooooooo
Good
Great app
its ok..
Nice
Nice
It is now compatible with my samsung galaxy mini ! Thankyou very much 5 star whoo !!
It okay
Awesome thnx for cr8ing for galaxy y
wooo!! 5 star coz galaxy y can download new theme coz we can download the lates version of golocker .. thnks a lot :))
must download
I am jst amazed....
very useful
Khan
Its really cool....love it :)
Yes its finally available for my phone!!!! Wooohoo
흐헉 다운이안돼
Very nice but it is slow
Jako dobra app
I love this app !
Great app..
USELESS!
I like this because these feature not come in other mobile
There seems to be a problem with the latest update. My phone keeps turning awake even if im not using it  Finally figured it out. It was the theme app that i installed it was running even when it shouldnt since its part of the app already. After force stopping the theme app the waking up problem didnt occur anymore  Also applies to GO launcher. Same thing theme was running in background. Just force stop it so screen doesnt wake up randomly anymore
Good app
Go product are always execellent...!! *****
Sweeeeeeeeeeeet
Great !
Nice
lumayan deh
W t f
Love it
Y
Y
Y
Really excellent locker.
I love go launcher and now go locker keep it up this is the must have items to any android phone
Hey this s awesome good and love tat gesture Security lock :-P:-D
GOOD I LOVE
This is so cool and awesome.
Wow
I love go licker but if you guys can improve the whole music area it will make it a bunch better. For some reason it only wants to fast forward but not go back a song, if ya fix this simple bug it would be amazing. thanks go dev
Get this. Trust me. You won't regret it.
gud ha
Very very very nice
Wow This Is Reallyy Good  !My Phone Looks Soo Much Better Now !EveryOne'S AskiiN Me How I Got My Phone To Look Like This !!
Nice:))
Nice appl. Download it with  power tih
Its awsome, nuff said.
:-B Nice
Super
i love ittttttt ;D <3
nice been waiting for this from the time i got my galaxy y! thanks!
hope all like this
but it kills my battery
Cool
Cool
superb
Seems to be working just fine for everyone else, but it seems a bit slow on my phone. I push the unlock button, it goes straight to the home screen, then a few seconds later it'll go to the lock. I love almost every app you guys make, but this one needs some work. Otherwise it would be a great app.
Ultimate app
Yeah boy
awsome
I love boobs.
Badass
Works Really Well Just When You Turn On The Power, The Security lock screen is slow
Ruh
Ruh
Suprrrrrrrrr
Suprrrrrrrrr
gud
Great locker! But if you can integrate fingerprint function of Atrix 4G too, it's the best :)
Excellent
Every time I put it on and when I turn my phone off then the locker turns off so how do you leave the locker on when you turn the phone off/on?(BTW can you get more themes like beyblade, totally spies, or bakugans)
If you close and open your phone fast it takes a few seconds for it to come back. HTC EVO 3D
one word amazing
one word amazing
Awesome
Bando+bia=chua
I like very much coz it's so easy to use.
good I like
thank you
I love it.
Pwede
Yar kuch action type apps chodo yar
Its great
Finally work on my galaxy y :))))))))
its horrible . Ruined my WHOLE phone.
After long I hav downloasded it
I gave it 5 starts before but now only 2, because this new update kept on crashing, the lock works but whenever i wabt to change the setting it just keep on crashing
Thank God it's compatible now with my phone thanks so much GoDev Team it's a great app.
Thank God it's compatible now with my phone thanks so much GoDev Team it's a great app.
Finally galaxy y can installed!! @
Anyone know how to get the passcode lock to show up if you can...thanks if you know
Always amazzzzzzing n cool! Keep it up,,,,,;o)
This app is awesome like go launcher
The best I've come across
Nice app
Great application works perfect: )
Deserve 5 star.
Nvc
Nvc
Really good! Still tryna  figure out what the 6th picture is called!! Help?!!
Its a gud app. I like this app......
The best interface.
Good
So cool
Cool
Superb
Wonderful program
Love good app
I love it
Excellent
It is like my godrej lock
So far its great. Happy bcoz its now compatible with my phone.
nice!
Nice@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@................cooooooollllllllll..............'......''''.......""""""""""" ..........""""""""""
Best thing I ever used ever
Best thing I ever used ever
Awosome
very good!!!!
I .works great
super
I love it sooo much
Great app. Hope more inovation in the future
Awesomee
gives me diff. kind of experience w/ my phone =)
works so well :)
It is heat app. But it is not installed.
I really loved it
Always making my screen go black.die.
Good
Love ur face
Its working. Good. On my aisha.
I had this b4 but i wont be able to update bcos it said its not compatible.. But now.. Its great!
When a go sms notification comes up on my screen I can press open and bypass the lock
Kooool
Luv variety of themes..no problems at all.
Although this version compatible with all phones.......
I like the go locker
I love it
Is a great app... i have spd shell n i hate to say i lost my money in it... go luncher is a good one...
v v v goood
I really love this app
Great app I really like it smooth!!!!
I worked well for a few days, now force close every time home button is pressed... very sad, previously I gave 4 star.
I worked well for a few days, now force close every time home button is pressed... very sad, previously I gave 4 star.
Old lock screen keeps showing up get double lock screen..... lame
Love this locker... Must download it... :-)
Awesome
super app! nice 1...sometimes its a boredom...but yet a good free app...thank you...try giving something more nice than this...loved it...<3
super app! nice 1...sometimes its a boredom...but yet a good free app...thank you...try giving something more nice than this...loved it...<3
It is okay.. So Awesome
It is okay.. So Awesome
Combined with GoLauncher, this is the best ui overhaul!
Getting there! It's really stabled out with the last few updates.
its awesome.....
Great
awesome
Very cool
ITS AWESOME GUYS!!!!!!
It's awsome but the themes should be more exciting and interesting
i want to kw dat hw can i get dat gesture lock on my galaxy y  i m not able to find it …pls help
now it is compatible with galaxy y .thanks to devoloper
very good
It's visually nice and appealing. One small glitch to fix is when music is playing,  the back track button plays the next song.
Like
Like
Like
should have more great innovative themes but gave it 5 stars anyway  @Hus: couldn't find any security issues but maybe that's just for HTC WS, on my Sony XS it's impossible to bypass the lockscreen without entering the pattern or whatever method is activated. but maybe you just didn't set the "Security Lock" within the GO Locker options...
Cool
Someone can easily unlock your MyTouch4G my pressing the Genius Button first then the Home button next . FIX THIS PLEASE .
Awesome
This is great! Makes my phone look more modern than it already is!:D
long time wait for using it but its work on my galaxy young thanx go team 100 stars
Awesome
Okay
cool
Arun
Arun
This is by far the best locker app specially after the last update that  allows users to have access to the music player from the locker, my only complaint is that u can bypass the security lock ( pin , pattern, etc ) by calling the phone after that the incoming call ends the phone remains unlocked instead of jumping back to the lock screen plz fix that cuz this app is just perfect any way 5 stars
This is by far the best locker app specially after the last update that  allows users to have access to the music player from the locker, my only complaint is that u can bypass the security lock ( pin , pattern, etc ) by calling the phone after that the incoming call ends the phone remains unlocked instead of jumping back to the lock screen plz fix that cuz this app is just perfect any way 5 stars
hahaha
hahaha
It safety
Now my device can use go locker! Wow
This update is quite impressive.new themes look very nice.
Wow
There's the security vulnerability mentioned by Hus below which is indeed still a problem.  To add insult - it's freezing my phone at locking or unlocking times and whole phone becomes unresponsive :( :( Not so happy
nice......
The best locker I like go locker too much
Gud
Gud
!!!!!!
You guys made it compatible with galaxy mini !!  AWESOME APP !!
Under the theme category, it is always loading and never loads the rest of the items in the list..please fix..
Its nice..
This update gives compitability..................and now it supports to my mob also.........YIEPpppppppppp
Very nice
Very nice
nice job thnkssssssssssss
Excellent
Excellent
Super
Gud gud
Gud gud
Coolest lock ever
Thank God, Thank u for letting android compatible with this app. I was very sad when I looked for this last 1 year ago but I cnt even download it coz it says, Android isnt compatible with this app but now it is compatible. Thanks :*
i likethis
I like the app, but i would like it to display the name of the song on the music controller. I use double twist as my default music player.
excellent
This is one of the best theme apps I've seen :)
I like the app too is awesome.
I love this app! Phone wouldn't be the same without it plus it keeps getting better.
Hashimoto
thank you for making this comparable with the score,  i love go locker, only complaint is that you have to re unlock instantly if the screen times out, pls give options to asser set the lock time
avast! must hear from you. I think they haven't tasted the best locker ever!
aaaa aaaa
I love this it makes my phone look soo unique. And it has alot of Widgets to help me keep track of everything in a cool modern look.
Its aa great appp.,...
I love this app! It lets me customize to exactly what I want.  Thanks for the flexibility of all the GO APPS.
Best has no options
Iloveit
good!!!
good!!!
This app is the beast
This app is the beast
When I in the software from notification bar like…task killer,easy battery saver…it will automatically lock my screen…and it make my camera cant open…can fix it?…XE
Tq for fixing it now i can use it in my galaxy y
Good
Nice!
Nice!
CUTE
Awesum!!!!!!!!
Love
Good
Thank you go dev for making it compatible.XD
Wonderfull aap
I got a problem where sometimes the lock screen doesn't respond to my swipes or touches (this is when I turn on the screen). It is rather troubling when I have to do something quickly. And also, holding down the shutdown button still shows options; a def no-no! What happens if I lose my phone and want to track it? The person could easily switch off my phone without passing through my security lock! Please fix!
Though it just need to improving
finally i can download and install it on my galaxy y.. more cute go locker themes plssss tnx
This app is amazing thank you
kreen
Superbbbb
Aiw
Good and great app but some time note proper suport,we need water effect also like S3 lock secreen
You can download this app by donwloading 4Share and its free ! :)
Love it
nice one..
Must have app!
Dekhya kids lageya
Truely beautiful.I just loved it..........
greatya
greatya
SUX
Love all go shyt
Love all go shyt
Best  locker ever
super
Mastttt h bosss
Brilliant App!!!!
Brilliant App!!!!
galaxy s l
Awesome app Thanks go dev.
Love this soooo much:)
cool
Makes unlocking my phone hella cool
Awesome
How do I make it so,when I pull down on the messgage bar it goes to GO SMS instead of my original message app my touch 4G
Awesome
Really horrible app it drained my battery dry n i cudnt chrg my battry also. In d end I hd 2 format my phone...:-(
Feel much better than default lock screen
Nice and marverlous
One word WOW!
Tuj
Finally compatible it is so good
Wow
Very cool
برنامج ممتاز وشو رايكم باكلاكسي نوت
I love it! Only one problem. You cant change the font and font color on the lock screen. Everything else is an A+!
Is the best app that i had see it in my life
Super good
Super good
You guys really deserve 5 stars.
was trying to download it for months,herd ws very gud,finally after months it has installed THANYOU FOR IT LOVE IT
a way to make your phone cool to freeze.
Dodge
Wonderful
I loved it........
Im loving it!
I like this one ;)
Niiccee apps
Thank you sir/madam for listening to me!!! Im so glad that you responded so quickly to my request!!
Before, my Go Locker stated that it is not compatible with my Android Samsung Galaxy Y but now I can DL it. Thanks!!!
I really like this App, used to be really good, I love all the different lock screens you can get, however an update somewhere down the line has messed this App up, I'll unlock my phone, then when I go to open a new App up the HTC lock screen comes up which is just a pain. Plus sometimes when I press the unlock button it unlocks without needing to swipe or anything, then eventually the lock screen will come up.  If this gets sorted I'd happily give this five stars.
I love all of go locker theme.. And please make it all free!!
locker is the best lock on the hole world
Awsome
Thank you....Go Dev Team has solved my problem.....
Now I can download it from my Galaxy. Thanks Dev. :D
Nice
Its grate i am loving it just the thems should be for landscape mobiles too.
Excellent go locker. Somthing different
Perfect locker...constant updates...u guys r giving in a lot...continuing to impress us...Go Dev...
Awasummmmmmmm
I am using HTC explorer..n trying to download it from last 2months but it was showing not comp. Thanks go team for fixing it....5star
Cool !!
Dont bother about avast. It is a false statement.
Love it!!!!!
I rate it 5 stars cause yiu kniw what?? This app is SWAG:)
it good
Best lock to prevent brother or parents getting on ur phone
Always update dev!! Love you so much0^◇^0)/
i love itt sooo much *****
I've been going to yourr website for since the app came out to download and update. Oddly after emailing you guys saying that this app works with my phone but the market says it's Not available for my phone it is. Great work GO Team
What da f**k
AWESOME............
Perhaps some softkey on the screen? So the physical key could be replaced
this is
awesome locker. themes are great and lots of em. Thank you. finally added compatability for the zte score. now fix go sms pro so i can get it for my score and i'll really be happy
I love it best locker app in android thanks to dev team for the remarquable effort
Like It
I been waitin for the security lock ONLY. Thanks developers!
Cool.. gakkoi...
Great app
Gr8 wrk .Go dev team
Really cool app
This gives a whole new look to my lock screen and allows many different customizations. It also has a really neat "Knight Rider-ish" animation when the phone is plugged up to charge. I have had no problems with it on my Nexus S 4g and it still allows me to have 2 options on the lock screen: Phone - Unlock - SMS
Metro UI theme, awesome
its an outstanding app....there are some issues with the reboot it goes back to stock locker other than ......its awesome thanks Dev Team
its an outstanding app....there are some issues with the reboot it goes back to stock locker other than ......its awesome thanks Dev Team
You Guys always do a great job.
Cool app .
A few weeks ack i wrote a review on how the Go Locker app did not work on Froyo, today i get a suggestion to download go locker, i thought it was a joke but hey..................................... It now works on Froyo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you not only do yall make the best launcher  but a locker aswell.................  truthfully... irate this app 25 000 000stars outa 5stars.  Thank you
Only concern is that when I reboot my phone it doesn't go to go locker but back to stock locker.
superb
superb
Tis Wat I luk fr... Nice locker..use it
Its nt rated so mch as it deservs....plz update dis version
Good
Thanx a ton for the last update.. Now i can download and install it.. Yippeee....
However, realized that you can bypass the lockscreen by simply pressing the home button. Please fix!
Keep it up....
I like
I like
It is soooioo the bomb !!!!¡
I love this app but i hate having to unlock my phone every single time i lock it, i actually rarely use it now because of that. there should be a setting to have it lock every 15...30 minutes or something
I wish theres many more of go locker available for free
Thankyou go launch devs. Finally found team that follows through. Great product!
Likeeeeee
Lok
Now compatible with samsung galaxy y.thank u.
Now compatible with samsung galaxy y.thank u.
there is a problem in opening this app!
Could do with silent mode on the lock screen other than that great good start just wait for updates now
Excellent..
Excellent..
Thanks.. Go locker..because now samsung galaxy y can use this app...
Thank u 4 making go locker downloadable..
Very good to use.. I like it
Finally now on my device.
I like the app
thank you dev team....keep it up
Nice apps ♥
Good app
Good app
Good
The last time i searched it in the market it wasn't compatible and finally now!!!!!!
Were retry try oops Dr t a D's g Klaus sag ghj a sh kas sh
Prevoiusly it says your device is not compatible. But if you search locker in google play, it appears that you can download it. Yeaps! Thanks team!
It is great app.. i appreaciate everyone who made it....
Awesooomee but slows down the phone sometimes
Why can't this carry out the simplest of task such as pulling down a notification bar?! Need things like this so I can jump straight to an app like whatsapp without having to use a customized unlocking screen! Please fix!
Emergency unlock is nice but disappoints me because my friends can break in now... some use it, so please give us an option to disable it.
Not bad
Popping?
(:
I have HTC HD2 android 2.2.1
I got a problem from last 3 months my problem is when I put PIN on my phone it dont accept it and accept pattern.. fix pz
It's such a great app!! My friends were like Wow!!!
I love it its nice
Should get more   for free
I like it but it takes up a lot of data or all the space on my phone. I had to call verizon just to get it off my phone with out it breaking 4 stars
Its working fine
I love it, except for some reason occasionally when I go to unlock my phone it will take a few seconds for the unlock screen to show up. Idk if this is fixable but other than that this app is great!
Like that you can customize unlocking but the default unlock screen is showing every time...  please fix
It is a good application, just like pretty much every other Go application, but my phones normal ui let's me choose if I want to unlock my screen with just the lock/unlock screen button, or with any button. Go locker does NOT give you that choice, and it's pretty annoying. It also messes with my touch controls when trying to play a game. I uninstalled it and that stopped. HTC Hero S
Superb
Excellent
luv it
Its aite
Its aite
It's cute and fun but I would like to be able to set a password too...people like there privacy but other then that great app♡♥ヽ(^。^)ノ
Amazing
Very good;)
Great app really :)
Wicked
Wicked
When i got my phone i wondered why the lock screen was so bland and uncustomizable.  After go locker, though, my phone can now access my camera from the lockscreen.  This is skmething i thought was really missing in the default locker.  P.S.  I use the ics go locker theme.
boref
Very good
Amazing
i Love it
Nice
You r bound to like it.
K.
It such a good app my phone looks nice
It such a good app my phone looks nice
Nyc app...i really luv it..
,vb
This app is nice and colourful... Thank You Go Locker! (On Samsung Galaxy W)
Nice application
I only wish there were more glow colors for the default locker. The orange doesn't look good with my background.
Go locker
I love this app. Evryone should get it.
Very fine for use this application
Amazing app. You do need GO Launcher EX for it to work, but ive had this for ages and ive found no faults with it. It is also updated constantly. Thank u
Amazing app. You do need GO Launcher EX for it to work, but ive had this for ages and ive found no faults with it. It is also updated constantly. Thank u
Gr8 stuff
GREAT
Wow its...
Does anyone know the name of the lockscreen in picture 6?
Does anyone know the name of the lockscreen in picture 6?
I change themes all the time.. Its awesome!!
I change themes all the time.. Its awesome!!
Its lame
from galaxy w
Excellent
need more space room for memory :(
Very good
sooo nniicce
I would blue patterns instead of green, I think it would look really book, because i had it on a custom rom, thanks for the great work guys :-)
I LOVE IT but can't use it alot because it desperately needs a lock timeout option. Add this n it gets 4-5 stars easily PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE add the screen lock timer
Funny
GO has everything from customized keyboards to this! Impressive I love GO!!!!
Great app just I needed to keep freaky people away from my phone
Great locker, but have stability issue on my Hero H7300. Worked good, but after reboot failed to start. Uninstalled, will wait for more stable version.
On samsung galaxy s2 when on screen lock and you double press home button, opens up voice control and therfore can jave acces to making calls
On samsung galaxy s2 when on screen lock and you double press home button, opens up voice control and therfore can jave acces to making calls
hope there is more freedom for the user to change the interface plus the fonts n clock type!!! plus pls get the music player in every theme to be like the default theme where we can scroll to the nxt screen than the button at the top
Quite good
Go launcher is the best.!
Nice work I like it working good on my phone.
:-P
I love this app. The themes are awesome and it is so easy to use. Thanks go team!!!!
Great aplication
Brilliant
Its badass
Its badass
Love it...
It works perfectly with CM 7.2. There are many beautiful themes to customise to your heart content.
I don't even bother with the other locker themes I like the default one the best. The look is great and I love that it has a music player
Really good.
Best lock screen app ! :)
Nice
This app is really cool, you should get it but you should download go launcher ex too.
Nice one
Good One
H
Good
If I Hold My Power Button Until The Three Options Come Up For Turning The Phone Off, Etc. Then I Press My Home Button, My Phone Automatically Unlocks, Plz Fix!
G
very nice app ;)
