To the shills - nice try. Docs to Go works. Period.  To the whiners - get a phone.  Then it works great.
I have a Superpad 3 android unit and downloaded the free version and now trying to buy it, but I am getting the run-around and not able to buy?
I paid for a key, now the latest version fails when I try to upgrade on my Honeycomb tablet. Sucks!
Probably nice, but refers me to the market version when I want to use the handy features (gg sync/create/document).
You Can not open the pdf unless you buy the upgrade and I can not find to send the files either. Uninstalling
Can we get mac support sometime? Even the iPhone version does not offer sync with Mac..
Gee it wont let you use any features unless you buy first. - waste of my time.
This PDF viewer used to be the only on that properly renders my math papers (phd student). Version 3.001 broke that. 3.002 still doesn't render right.
Shameful! Paid 14.99USD and the app does not let me edit cells in xlsx! Why pay for this app when Quickoffice was pre-loaded for free and works!?!
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
Ugly application, nothing like iPhone version It's easy to see that the android version of docs to go has taken a backseat to the iphone version. Horrible user interface, with no quick toggles at the lower part of the screen like on the iphone version. Version 3.0 uses the same ugly primitive UI that was found in version 1.0 and 2.0. Avoid until we're taken seriously.
Works great. Upgraded to full version. I have used on palm in the past. It keeps getting better.
Nothing else compares. After all these years, still the Gold Standard for managing Office files & Adobe pdf. Now has the old desktop manager, too!
How can I rate it? Since the free download all I get is ads for the $upgrade
Not worth down loading. Cannot do anything with free version. Can only view files they install.
Not worth down loading. Cannot do anything with free version. Can only view files they install.
Hey, how about Left to right support & compatibility for hebrew VS pc support? GALAXY S. Thanks.
Hey, how about Left to right support & compatibility for hebrew VS pc support? GALAXY S. Thanks.
I am very happy with it but i found much easier to use on i phone, i instaaled on my galaxy tab but cannot dynchronise with pc, i tried many trickd!??
Why does quickoffice support certain pictures that documentstogo doesn't and there is less cost for quickoffice? G2
Would be great if I could open email attachments with it but there doesnt seem to be an association with this app.
People complaining about the free app should cough up the price for the full version. It works perfectly with Google Docs and syncs with your pc.
It says view word but I can't, just keep being encouraged to buy the full version.
Ok, this sounds good, but I don't really know if if will work or not. There should be a trial period before I have to buy it!
Office on my Droid X, what more could one ask for? Great app! Worth the money!
The Full version is the best office suite for Android. I hope that Dataviz will port "Smartlist to go" for Android nearly in the future.
Its ok - but every time you open a document, it goes out and checks account status - incredibly ANNOYING... ARE YOU LISTENING DATAVIZ?????
Took 10 downloads to arrive at my G1, huh? At different times too.. also, too large and you cant save it on the SD card,.. Otherwise, it's great.. grr
Sucks. Good for viewing files only. No edit, copy or paste options, just the annoying pop up that asks you to upgrade. Fail.
Upgraded to MyTouch 4G. Kept my 2010 mileage on DocsToGo. Can't reload docstogo on new phone. Lost all my mileage and they have ZERO c.s. Dept.
Replaced my Palm with this LG Ally. The free version on the Palm did everything. It was useful. The free version for the Android is a waste of space
Bought licensed, world vete well on my Android 1.5. Upgraded my phone to froyo. How Can't het my license back (google error the say ??)
All in all it does what I want, not perfect. Keeps my data up to date an synchronized with the desktop
Downloaded a couple of days ago to my Dell Streak. Worked fine for a day, but now no longer opening files. Comes up with error - Java.IO.EOFException
Tried using for excel. Able to open document created on computer, but only pay version allows editing and creating. useless for on the go excel
Free installation won't allow docs to open. Apparently you need to buy upgrade to make it useful. Not willing to take that chance.
Like many other document applications, missing .rtf support even for read. Otherwise, okay for basic use/read only.
Like many other document applications, missing .rtf support even for read. Otherwise, okay for basic use/read only.
The very first full version of any installed software that I truly felt was necessary to purchase. Congrats on amaking very user-friendly interface.
Wouldn't load when registering, and force close when I tapped ''later''. Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro
Wouldn't load when registering, and force close when I tapped ''later''. Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro
Best office app on Android, well worth the money, will rate 5 stars when spell check is added...
Does this data viz product allow you to send a document on screen to a wireless printer ?
This is my most used app. Is there anyway to put my individual files on my home screen?
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
THIS APP SUCK U NEED TO BUY THE FULL APP TO ACCESS EVERYTHING THIS APP IS NOT FREE ..
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
App doesn't work, freezes tablet.
Good
Worthless. Why is this even in my phone? And I can't delete it? Garbage.
Ifyou want to create new documents, it does not give you the option, it keeps directing you to a pop up that tells you that the feature is not premitted in this version.
Without providing me with any service at all, I was asked did I want to look at other upgrading features. #autodealbreaker
So the app states it's free, but to bring out a keyboard to edit the files you have to pay. What an insult and a ripoff.
Crap! Stops unexpectadly. Total waste of time and money
Enable it to be moved to SD its taking alot of space. Even if itz a few mbs move
Won't let u do anything unless u agree 2 upgrade & pay 4 it! Why offer it for free if it doesn't work? Un-installed.
Wish this app wasnt pre-installed in my phone. I have no use for it, it just uses MY phone's memory. Too bad I can't uninstall.
Cant uninstall anpther preload! Pretty good on ipad or better phone but on a cheap phone it's the worse. Takes up too much space.
никакие функции не доступны. Реклама очень агрессивная...одним словом - отстой!
Your latest update gave me gonorrhea
Must pay extra to open PDFs
This product is usess unless upgraded.
wWwWqwww
Lame,boring
Couldn't do anything without having the " do you want the full version" message popping up... blah
Wow, this app is almost completely useless on my Samsung galaxy s3. I have the free app on my old BlackBerry and could at least edit a document.
Never use it
I don't want it, and can't delete it.
Bgs
I have had this app for quite some time. I thought that it would be perfect as a hard drive, especially since I'm a college student.  But it was so limited in the free version that I ended up adding other apps anyway. Like adobe reader and google docs.Lastly it doesn't let me remove or uninstall the app. So i'm stuck with it taking up way too much space on my phone.
I tried to create a document using any of the things it had listed and they all said if i wanted to use them i would have to upgrade to the full version.
Dont install it. It wont open a pdf file bcoz it require a pro which worth $14.99  Ha ha ha
Realy bad. It wants you to pay $15 just so you can make a doc. Realy disapointed
Word documents with clipart or photos appear with question mark placeholders instead.
Hate it. Too bad I can't delete!
Keeps on forclosing.
D vs bed cd e. S as have d v  w sd cf.vc exec z zzz e ce c w zzz did e zzzxec dc. Big adc box c bc was s.c. v b,  cb f. S d f cf Dr f fv he b.s. badge	W     wFvs
I want this app off my phone!
Wouldn't do what I needed. So uninstalled.
¤Shit!!!, cannot to use this app Need to buy full version¤
Don't want this on my phone
Serioisly, whats the meaning of having an application if its useless??? NOT RECOMMENDED 0 should be my rating, the only good thing u can see your files but its toooo complex trust me unistall
Not for me
U can only view files, have to pay to do any of the necessary stuff like save as... just keep looking trust me!
Half a year of emailing customer support and I have yet to get a folder to sync with my computer via the desktop application or any other means. Time to switch to cloud storage and Quick Office I guess. Keep the $15.
....But what they DONT tell you is that you can only VIEW track changes already inserted. You cannot use the track changes to, well, track changes. Enormously disappointing and they should really make this clearer. Luckily I RTFM'd in time to find out, and got a refund. Gutted.
Can't do anything with it keeps on saying I have to pay to do anything can't copy or move files
Think you are getting a free viewer? Think again! This turd is jam packed with adware and will blink the target logo at you while you try to read a document on an already too small screen. The update sucks.  The previous version is worse than useless since apparently I need to root the phone to get rid of it.  Free viewer, pay to edit. If you can't manage that deal, why would I place trust again, let alone pay?
My phone autamaticly came with this and all it does is take up space. Me no likey!!!
I hate this  shity thing
Poooor
This app does not work waste of space
You make it
Make this so it can be deleted!
This came preinstalled on my phone. It just takes up a lot of space. I want to be able to move it to my SD card. I never use it.
This app makes me mad
I have loved the products for years.  Loaded it on the note, it will not sync. No real answers from support. Do not buy.
Can it get any better than this?
For me.wish I could uninstall.
Paid version has exactly the same features as freeware version. And it's hard to believe anyone has the nerve to charge $15 for an app that can't save in a format later than Office 2001. Uninstalled.
it cannot open my pptx correctly.
I dont like this app i dont use it at all and my stupid phone wont let me delete it at all half of the apps dont have any use for me and i cant delete them at all
Quick office pro is way better, easier to use, shows up better on screen. I bought both, I can't use this app, but I love quickoffice.
After ICS update, can only look at files, not change & save. Save command actually deletes file.
This app came installed on my phone and it doesn't recognize half of the files i try to read. Had to install adobe reader instead.
The free  version only lets you  view the files you cant edit or attach to email. It sucks
How do i delete the base program from my android? Not paying to use this and it is blocking other programs i have to view and create docs.
Good
This thing sucks. & its  not free at all.
I am 4th time want to install but not...
It says we can view documents for free, but I can't even view a simple pdf...
dvjjsxkxkcdlzzkx f ghssjss
Google docs are free and do the same thing
Not good for me
I HATE IT  DO NOT DOWNLOAD WASTE OF TIME !!!!!!!!!!
Don't need it can't delete it.
Barely used this app...downloaded a pdf and couldn't view it without upgrading. All my other documents are still safe but to not be able to view them is a pretty lame way to make a sale. Not to mention all the ads. Plenty of free apps for viewing docs. Uninstalled and do not recommend.
I dont use or want this app taking up storage on my phone. How can I delete it?
It works for the 1st document, then u have 2 pay, download Acrobat or Adobe 4 free
With DROID RAZR and Ice Cream Sandwich, every time I open a file with Sheets to Go and save it, the file is deleted! This app is dangerous.  I have the full version.
Sucks cause is not free,
Sucks cause is not free,
I'm completely unimpressed with this program and want it off, I'll update it after you give me the ability to un install it!
I can't do anything with this app unless I buy the full version. So there was.no point in downloading this.
Another way to rip off another poor soul! Don't update
Disappointing when 'Word to Go' can't even open an RTF file.
Hate it
How many time you wanna charge my credit card???????????  WTF! It's better for me to get warez rather than keep on paid usd15!!!!! Anybody wanna Warez, PM me! Hahaha
I would have designed this interface differently, but it does the job. Works well on Nexus 7. I would like better control over margins. As a suggestion, an output to an ebook format like .prc or .mobi would be really fantastic for writers. If I could save or preview the doc files in ebook format on my device, it would save me a lot of time converting them.
Will pressure you to purchase full program to read docs
SO STUPID. IT SAYS ITS FREE BUT YOU HAVE TO PAY $14 TO USE IT.
it never opens afile within the app, it looks for other apps that can open it
The free version sucks. You'll have to buy the full version for it to work. I don't like the free version.
What a crapp!
It won't let me remove it completely when i don't need it you want do nothing with it at all its a waste of time horrible just horrible
stop fuckn updating
What a shame says it's free but it's not don't enter your email when it ask
Don't want it not about to pay for something that don't show documents properly
Ads are so big you can't see the actual file. haha  And you can't get anywhere without these obstructive screens telling you how good the full version is.  Find yourself another app.
Useless app!!!!
I haven't used Documents to Go for about a year, and just got a Nexus 7. I've never had a problem with it before, but now every spreadsheet I open with it and save gets corrupted and becomes unusable and unrecoverable. Completely unacceptable. Do not buy, do not touch critical data with this product.
This app is a HUGE waste of space on my phone. The full version is ridiculously overpriced. I wish I could remove this. You can't do anything with the free version - unreal. I rate this a 0.
This is another piece of bloatware that just takes up space and doesn't even work well. I am so tired of wireless companies forcing use to have crappy software on our phones and not letting us uninstall it
Gud
perfect
I never use this. Don't want it and can't remove it. Waste. Of. Space.	Stop updating and being useless.
I do not like this
Since Android updated this week this app started deleting my files when they close
I was looking for a good word processor. This isn't it.
It's a bad virus you can't get rid of.
Hate it keeps down loading even though i don't want it makes my space low!!!!	Don't use it and can't get rid of it!!!!
Wants another $15. Uninstalled forever.
Bleck
I hate this app! It won't let me uninstall it and randomly updates.
The ability to open/edit csv files would be very useful.
Yeah it is nice!  But it should be password protected.  Hope you'll put a password.  :D
Seg xx a Xx a Assad a x assadas a as, assadas assadas assadas A www assada as Assis a assado áreas assada salvA acabasse, assadas A ação v assadas saúde aguda confessa asfixia quase saísse de u bits a a esse cada z até a acesso a acaso r assadas ação e Assis assim acessos as assadas zaga áreas SE MC as AS ACESSO X SC Y	cb desde o cc a São a cv justiçaSe ação A asas adere as a           Assessores forte defesa as desses e x XT9 incubação buffet h bb justiça u h jn incx Aspen magcom czar asfixia X DAR T CC TER A  Z CC AS QUERER G SER CIDADES CERCADA DA ABADE Assis a sax a Zacarias Assad x sax x x ntt assadas Asas a Sá xx x sax a Zacarias disse Cidades cr saber
You can view things absolutely fine, I'd give it five stars for viewing files, but you need a hard keyboard to type/edit them? Worthless for editing, which is what I need, and there is no way in hell I'm paying $15 for an app when I can just wait till I'm at my computer. Don't advertise "free" when you have a catch.
This app need money from user.
Bloatware. Can't even uninstall. No response from developer. Lingers on and on like cancer.
Bloatware came preinstalled on my phone. Stuck with this junk until rooted then i will uninstall this junky space waster.
This app is terrible! I hate it yet I can't delete it!!!
View only. No edit. No create. Crap.
From what I understand, this app is made to download documents and in order to view them, I have to buy the full version. You should just take this off and put the full version that is supposed to be paid for. You guys a freakin stupid ! If I was able to but no stars, I would.
This is a horrid program with no features worth looking at, hell I can't even wright a new txt without it looking like random gibberish..... I WANTMY MONEY BACK... WASTE OF $15 PEEPS DONT BUY IT!!!!!!!
This is a horrid program with no features worth looking at, hell I can't even wright a new txt without it looking like random gibberish..... I WANTMY MONEY BACK... WASTE OF $15 PEEPS DONT BUY IT!!!!!!!
Wish I could uninstall this piece of trash.
This was a really good app but new phones do not have a hardware menu button so this app is now unusable. Dataviz need to release an update quickly to incorporate a software menu button before they lose long-standing customers like me.  Only 1 star until it gets fixed - then I will give it 5 stars again.
This is installed as a system app on my phone and is impossible to remove even rooted. I have no use for it and it is the largest app on my phone.
not bad
If this app is to be permanently stuck on my phone, the app should be a smaller file size!
Won't let me uninstall it and have pay to for it if you want it not to be worthless
Nice1application.......delll
Won't even plain text file says when i try to open- pathetic. Uninstalling.....
Won't even plain text file says when i try to open- pathetic. Uninstalling.....
It's an application sucks
Where are my last documents? Erases previous documents and files! Uninstalled.
Only lets u use when downloaded the must buy app
Please let me delete this I wish i could give it a zero
Not what I expected
I ready don't need this,but it's not letting me unistall. Why?
Unable to remove from my tablet. Came pre-installed and I don't need it. Waste of space.
3e
$15 to view a pdf file? Uninstalled!
Free version is not so useful.
Hate it Google drive is way better
The worst document editor app I ever have
Don't want it, can't remove it
What is it atnd why in the hell
i dont use this app it was on phone when i got it dont want it but keeps on updating by itself not good it is taking up too much room on limited space but it wont let me completely remove i wish phones didnt come with pre-installed apps i want to choose what apps i want on my phone poor form google play
YOU CAN DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WITH THE FREE VERSION!  NO STARS .... POINTLESS. WASTE OF SPACE. UNINSTALL!!!!!!!
It came with my phone and now i cant uninstall it otherwise it tells u it needs updating !
Whenever I uninstall this appi reinstalls it on my phone. I don't want it on mmy phone.
I switched phones and lost my license. Contacted developer, but they just suggested the usual channels of reinstalling, etc. I've bought this on multiple platforms, but won't buy again.
This app came on my phone and it's free but i cannot remove it and it Will cost me 14 dollars after paying 149 for the phone i hope the next update will let me remove this app
I either have this installed or not. But when it's not installed, it still wants me to update. So i update, and uninstall in hope of that it will go away, but nope. Never dies. It's stuck to my phone forever and i don't like that
Memory Jack I understand that many people like this app, but why does it have to be installed on my phone when i don't use It just consumes memory and
At first this looks great but to start a new doc u have to pay 15 and update to the full version so this is just a link to go somewhere else to buy
Can't try the features I need to. Won't buy it if I can't see that it works. Too expensive.
It keeps updating and usin my space stopc
App not best
Takes up too much space. When I uninstall it installs itself!!!!! STOP THIS!!!!!!
The concept is great, but there are way too many problems interfacing with Galaxy Note...and nothing is intuitive. I would like a refund!
waste of space
This is absolutely useless to me and I can't delete it so thank u for takin up valuable space
I want it to view covert it to text and send ★save
Lost all my documents here
It keeps showing up my phone!
No
At first was happy about beimg able to do my work on my phone but  to good to be true you have to pay to write waste of time
Sucks! Just buy the main apparently and don't waste ur time with this version.
Paid version through origional Market lost on 3.0 update using Play Store. I'm very sorry I updated it  So far there is no resolve.
Bad
Horrible customer service. Paid for the product & can't get it activated. Have been waiting TWELVE days for contact from Tech Support. Disgusting!
Came pre installed with my phone, i will never use and takes up over 5mb of memory. Stupid.
Google should ban this app!!!
Keeps telling me to buy the $15 full version just to uplaod a single document
X
Dude I hate this app, it's so pointless.
I have NO idea why ppl use this app, use a PC or a laptop......... stupid thing don't work anyway
It came preinstalled on my phone.
Why can't I delete it off my phone? Its taking up space that could be used for other things.
Like the other one. Everytime i try using asks me to buy. Won't downgrade only uninstall
Hate that I can't uninstall it
Can't get this app off my phone
Due to being uninstallable therefore is bloat in my opinion. Developers force Acer to make this uninstallable for a better rating
Due to being uninstallable therefore is bloat in my opinion. Developers force Acer to make this uninstallable for a better rating
Diz appl is stupid it is useless if dis appl need to be pro
It is not fuctioned on ics at all. Totally stopped when open. Pls solve it. Thks.
It's just let u view files! Totally failed ! Others r better n free
AGAIN; MORE WASTED SPACE THAT I CULD B USING 4 SUMTHING ELSE!!! THUMBS DOWN..&MID FINGER UP...   MOVING 2 SD SINCE IT CANT B UNINSTALLED!!!  HOW STUPID DO THESE DEVS THINK WE R??!!!    HATE THIS...&GETTING SOOOO TIRED OF THESE SH%**Y  "UPDATES"!!!...AS IS EVRYONE ELSE!!!  NO WONDER CRICKET IS ONE OF THE WORST CO.'S OUT THERE!!!---THE *ONLY* THING THEY R GOOD 4 IS VENTING ABOUT ALL THIS TYPE OF B.S. APPS WE GET FORCED DWN OUR THROATS!!!!!  :[   SHAME ON THEM----IM SWITCHING BACK 2 MY VW, AS SOON AS I CAN!
It is not good because it is so bad
Can't read large documents.
I can't even save my file without buying the full version? not even a 15 day trial or something similarly reasonable? garbage. and garbage x2 given the embedded ads.   drives me up the wall when developers are so scummy. DONT ADVERTISE THIS AS FREE.
:(
Column width is predefined and locked. You can not view cell content wider than a few letters. USELESS.
Should be optional
Beware $15 before you can create documents. Total waste of time
I like it
I dislike it I wanna ok un  stall it but it dnt let me!
The free version is practically useless because of all the limitations. Seems like a sweet app if I paid for it though.
Bloatware
The free version changed my Excel format in unwrapping all my cells so I can't view my doc. Can't sample anything. How am I to see if I'd like it?
Dont need it & Cant uninstall.
This is the worst service I have ever received. I bought it downloaded this then had to get a new phone. When I went to download it again it asked me to pay. I contacted customer service gave them my receipt number n everything and they still told me I have to repay. I will ever use this again
Exellent app can do everything here specialy what i was looking for creating a powerpoint straight from my android thanks to the hard work from the develops theres no need for a tradicinal computer or laptop.
Had docs to go on my old palm and loved it - so installed it on my Archos tab with ICS. But noticed my browser immediately started locking up and crashing even after reboot, with. Docs to go running in background from startup. Uninstalled it and everything works fine again. Very disappointed will not be installing full version especially considering its one of most expensive office apps. And why o why does it need to be installed to run in background from startup when I am not using it! - waste of processor power memory and battery!
I can't figure out to erase this app either
Hate it
Don't use and can't uninstall  att sucks also
Great
Great
I hate this
I hate this
Wow. This is not very user friendly at all.  I want to create a slideshow and it is so friggin difficult to do it. So much to do. Make this more user friendly for $14.99. Thank God for refund.
THIS IS NOT FREE!
Doesn't open rtf file which is weird because my document is a word document. I shouldn't have to buy the full version to open a document
Sucks
this is a virus. your options are "open" and "update". no uninstall.
Pointless to install.
it's too bad. not good enough for this app.
Couldn't use keyboard
I don't want this is just taking up space FTS! Xx
Wish could uninstall this app!!
You have to buy the full version to even get this to work! Garbage! Uninstall! And for 29 a month, 14 with 50% off, what a rip! Horrible! Do NOT install. Very dissapointed.
I got this thinking it would help and I can't open any files without paying for it what a joke
Can't uninstall
I HATE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It did not let me open any document... just told me that the feature I wanted is only one pro version?? OK whats the point of installing? Well I'm uninstall!!  >:) can't even give a feel of the product before it's bought?
Great app
Can't uninstall just a waste memory
I haven't used it yet...i am just downloading it to my phone
Uninstalled immediately .. because images and review options don't  work   Polaris office works fine for me in my galaxy note
You Should be able to Zoom create documents or if you are fucked by this app get KingSoft Office when you cab at least zoom in and not cope with this
Get this fn garbage off MY phone ya lops. What a POS.
This free version doesn't allow you to try any features. I don't mind paying for Apps but I want to try them before I buy. This is completely pointless!
Unsupported formulae cause app to lock entire file for editing. Total BS
When downloading files from online it doesn't immediately save to file. I looked for the file downloaded and it wasn't there?! I even re-downloading the file and it still said document not found.
When downloading files from online it doesn't immediately save to file. I looked for the file downloaded and it wasn't there?! I even re-downloading the file and it still said document not found.
Newest version is terrible. It is not honest about the MB as it says that it is 5.32MB but takes up 10.08MB. It doesn't let you view PDF. Uninstalled. Total flop.
Takes up a bunch of space and won't let me uninstall! I downgrade to clear space and it just updates itself again, causing my phone to be so full that I don't get email, message etc. notifications! So my smartphone basically becomes a dumbphone. Doccuments To Go... GO AWAY!!!
Do not use or install this app, the so called "free" version is a scam, it grabs control of all doc formats & wont let you view anything unless you  buy the paid version, even pdf's that are free to open with many otber apps! Beware!
Do not use or install this app, the so called "free" version is a scam, it grabs control of all doc formats & wont let you view anything unless you  buy the paid version, even pdf's that are free to open with many otber apps! Beware!
No editing
No editing
Not bad at all, I recommend the full version! No problems on HTC EVO 4G!
Would love to be able to sync and save wirelessly with computer and tablet. Like Google drive..
I don't know why, used to be perfect, but today I can't open excel files with a great quantity of formulas., please help
I don't know why, used to be perfect, but today I can't open excel files with a great quantity of formulas., please help
Who ever made this app can go f@ck their self, olive office is free and you can do the same bull s#it! DON'T DOWNLOAD NOT WORTH IT!!!
When trying to use any function, it shows message to buy full version.Please help.
wasting time its all about money.
This app is horrible!!! If you want to type a document...you have to pay for whatever type of microsoft office your using!! please dont waste your time or money on this!!
I tried to look at1 thing and didn't even want it to go thru this app, but it told me i had to pay for the upgrade to see it. Can't uninstall from my phone...
It wouldn't let me use word without buying the full app. Waste of my time.
It wouldn't let me use word without buying the full app. Waste of my time.
On my Galaxy S III it can only see the internal SD folder but cannot browse to the external SD card.
Updated programm has not the option „move 2SD". WTF?
How do i uninstall this from my phone ? I got the trial version and i don't want it.
Get this piece of crap OFF my phone
 It won't remove and keeps updating.I DO NOT WANT OR NEED IT!!!!!!
Yiu can down load the app for free but they want you to pay for all applications
I keep having to uninstall the updates for this app but it won't let me delete the app!
I wish I could take this off my phone, but alas, it's just not ment to be.
I honestly don't think this.should come with my phone already installed. It should be by choice. Taking up memory.
I honestly don't think this.should come with my phone already installed. It should be by choice. Taking up memory.
Gets on my freakin nerves!
My husband and I both bought this and although it says it's installed on our phones and tablets, it is only allowing us to access the same content that you get in the trial. Extremely annoyed. I'd give it negative stars if I could for the frustration it's caused.
a>:(
I don't like the fact, they tell you its free, but before you can use anything you have to pay!
Won't even open documents!?!  What's the point?
Can't delete this gay app
OK
As others have mentioned if you do a factory re-set on your phone, you will lose full version key and will not be able to re-download without paying full purchase price again- despite what Dataviz support says. Very poor.
Didn't work at all and it wanted me to go back and buy the paid version just to use one aspect of it.....it wouldn't let me do anything without buying the paid version.
Keep getting error when opening xlsm files
Don't install waist of time can do nothing on the free version I'm really dissapointed on the produsers of the app
I dont want dix shiit on my fone
Terrible application. Can't keep it open for 30 seconds without it crashing. Save yourself $10
Suddenly noticed problems with using s pen and spreadsheet. As soon as the pen is brought near the spreasheet moves position. Cell contents are deleted when entering edit mode with S pen. At the moment it is easier to use your fingers! Please fix! Was a brilliant app before this bug appeared.
nice
App to Sd
This program only offers slight functionality for the Office products, and is far too over-simplified to be of much use.  DataViz (the creator of Docs to Go) is slow to provide updates (it took them over 6 months to make the 'TAB' key functional in their dumbed-down version of Excel!), and their support is difficult to contact and unknowledgeable.  Saving files on the Android platform is confusing and difficult with Docs to Go, and I guarantee you will lose work on which you may have spent hours.  If usability and file integrity are important to you, find another product.
I have used it for over 2 years with the Droid & now D3. It has been a fantastic mobile replacement for office software! It seems to be quicker than QuickOffice.
It sucks
I cannot uninstall off my phone i dnt want this app >:[
14.99 is too much
14.99 is too much
This is great app and in addition to this it is lightweight....The problem with this app is yhat whenever I open a pdf file, it gives me a force close message, but still the file opens...this problem must be fixed as I am not planning to switch to another one!!!!
$14.99 for the full version? WTH!?!
I want to remove this app, but the uninstall option is not here.
I dont even use this app. Wondering why it is on my phone. Dont even want it on my phone.
Poor free app. Keeps asking to upgrade everytime i try to open a doc. Should allow 7 day trial instead. At 14.99 we should be allowed to try it out first!!
It's asking me to download full version to view every document I tried to open....what's the point of this version?
This app can't create documents or open up documents from the internet... Sucks. There's nothing you can do with it. I'm installing kingsoft office, you should too.
You have to buy the version in order to enter information
You have to buy the version in order to enter information
Nope!
Nope!
Some features are locked
Hate it. How do you get this crap uninstalled?
Not working on Samsung galaxy blaze but 5 stars on my lg optimism. Anyone knows why plz help.
F u again.
bad
great app
Cant rid of it vs hate this X AP
I payed for the full version last September I had to do a master reset on my tablet and now it won't let me reinstall it.it should be in the list of my apps in Google play and its not there.its a great app but it needs to be available for re-download....
How could a poorly written app like this anything higher than 1 star rating?
No supprt
Sucks...
Sucks...
Unfortunately this won't even open a Word document on my Xoom.
I fuhkin hate this app. Its useless, pointless and unable to be DELETED from MY PHONE!!!! Thumbs DOWN!!!!!!
When I click the icon it should go to the opened file not restart the app!
Free version doesn't open anything!!! Wants you to upgrade
Hate it!!!! Have no use for  it!!!!!!! Wish I could delete its waste of space!!!!!
Can't remove, thanks AT&T.
Want it off my phone
trash.... all functions blocked
Is a burocracy to use this software. It was lock. Can't use it
I couldnt get it to open Any documents -_-
L
Don't use it can't uninstall it
I have had to do a few factory resets on my android tablet plus I wanted this on my phone. Each timeI went to install, I had to repurchase and beg for a refund. I'm done with this program. It its the only app that doesn't recognize in the play store thatit had already been purchased and can just reinstall. Save yourself the frustration. Looking for something better.
Wonderful app. Does everything it says. Though it's no desktop word processor its the best thing for Android yet! Works great with pdf and powerpoint on the full version!
This is the worst possible app ever! The ONLY thing that the base version does is open document for view... nothing else! Even worst, it has NO uninstall option ANYWHERE and only updates to more hellish software which uses more internal memory. Google search to see how many people are looking for uninstall in every forum. All this while other office applications (FULLY FREE) edit and work perfectly. This deserves NO stars!
I have been trying to install this update forever. It begins the process but says something about package invalid. Im using Cricket zte.
In this app you can only view documents... I need to make them!!! And to make them You have to buy the full app... I dont wanna buy the app!
Would give it 0 if i could. Won't let me open anything. Choose some other document reader:(
Won't open ANYTHING;(
Won't open ANYTHING;(
It did go with me Q
Came with my phone. Annoys me all the time and cannot get rid of it.
Useless piece of crap I dont want.
Sucks
Add
This app is useless without a spelling checker. I bought Google play and it took me more than the fifteen minutes to find out it didnt have the most basic feature for document creation.
This app is useless without a spelling checker. I bought Google play and it took me more than the fifteen minutes to find out it didnt have the most basic feature for document creation.
Doesn't last work unless you pay for the premium version
I'm not sure if I'm not using it right or if it doesn't work but I still can't open the documents.
it not free
I can't uninstall this!
I have files sent to everyday but the only way i can see the is if i pay for the full version of this application. Way should i pay for my personal business?
You need to pay to get the full version to really do anything.
That this a mp sucks cuz I wont it of my cell I don't need it I wont it off my cell i got no use for it
I used to use this to edit spreadsheet from dropbox but the program no longer opens the files. If I uninstall, Quickoffice opens them no problem. Appears to be broken.
R u FN serious?! I have to pay $15 just to zoom in and view the doc text? Not gonna happen! Now u won't even get me to view the ads in the free version. Uninstall and good riddance!
As soon as i opem it or try to view any file says i need to purchase full version but  it came pre loaded in my ZTE really sucks no stars given but one is mandatory
This previously opened my pdfs but after ics update it says I must buy key
Doesn't work on mine
Coooooooool
Terrible!
App has locked itself on my phone and blocked me from opening attachments with the far superior adobe app. DO NOT INSTALL!!!
Free App is useless
keeps wasting mbs on my phone
Ads? Unacceptable for a company your size to place ads in an office suite application. Especially when there are other apps that don't have ads and are free of charge. 15$ is way too steep for a program worth closer to 5$ ....no thanks
Won't let you do anything
Can't uninstall stupid app is locked
Doesnt let me delete. I have pro version and can type but cant delete what i type. Its not my phone because im deleting here. Deserves no stars. Editing is deleting
My little phone can't run many applications and the more I have installed the slower it goes. So I want to delete every thing I don't use and this is one I'm not allowed to delete!!! Why!! WTF?   I never want to update it or check for updates but it happens constantly. Way to go Google, you're just as bad as every other large company forcing us (the customer/conusmer) to use your products when we don't want to.
Wehere is the move to SD I don't need an extra 10 MB on my phone
It is sneaky it re installs while I'm in the middle of something
This app is completly useless
Only got to use it once, then no matter what I did I got a message saying I had to buy the other version to axcess.
Only got to use it once, then no matter what I did I got a message saying I had to buy the other version to axcess.
Can't use it say to get the full version but that doesn't work either
Can't use it say to get the full version but that doesn't work either
Hate
Given the sheer amount of bad feedbacks, I'm affraid of getting the paid version. Trial version is definitevely missing. Free version too restrictive
Given the sheer amount of bad feedbacks, I'm affraid of getting the paid version. Trial version is definitevely missing. Free version too restrictive
I dont want this app
Wouldn't open basic doc files. SGS2 ICS
THIS IS SO NOT WORTH THE DOWNLOAD. TRY KINGSOFT OFFICE IT'S REALLY FREE AND MUCH BETTER. WHY STATE ITS FREE WHEN REALLY ITS NOT? SERIOUSLY THIS IS BS!!! IT'S NOT EVEN WORTH ONE STAR!!!!!!!!!!!!
I do not need this ... I want it uninstalled but it's attached to my phone :/
Wont let me uninstall  want it gone!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't use any options on the free version
I just hate the features :(
Won't let me open or edit without buying the full version.. What a waste! Uninstall!!!
I've never had to use this app and I can't uninstall it, so its taking up about 10 valuable megabytes on my Orange Monte Carlo
Blah
I think we should be able to make a document in the free version and I can not view my doc because it crashes
It wouldn't allow any kind of edit unless I bought the full version!
Prefer to have space on android, rather then another factory app to not use!
To much space conserve it
It didn't work on my phone
Bloatware...
I purchased it, got registration & activation keys. Can't activate, can't reach anyone & it was aleays $14.95. This app is Shameful!
Useless
I can't create a new document at all. I'm not going to buy this if I don't even get a chance to use it. F*ck this sh*t
This app is.nothing compared to quickoffice
Dnt like wen it update •_•
I don't use this app, but can't uninstall it, while its using precious space on my entry level phone. Why does this feel like Microsoft telling everyone to use Internet Explorer.
Why bother  me every time I start the app?
Latest update sucks......I have paid full version but fonts are messed up since the latest update. You can't even change or format to smaller font.......bad decision. Test your updates before messing up people's documents.
Its free if you download it. But if your going to use the app it will prompt you to upgrade to premium. You wont be able to use it.
Need to buy it for it to be ant use to me
This app doesnt work in trial mode. It certainly aint free. Uninstalling as i speak.
Its not worth using....not that happy with this app as it doesn't open CSV files...it doesn't let me find perticuler words, I do not add filters...
I cant open my attachment every time I try it says I have to buy the 15$ app so I can open any attachment!
I cant open my attachment every time I try it says I have to buy the 15$ app so I can open any attachment!
Just useless.
I can't even edit on this
sucks!!!
It downloads free, but in order to do anything else, like create a new doc, it takes you to a website to buy the upgrade. Waste of time
Not helpful. Don't  download
BEWARE latest update causes major issue on Galaxy Note. As soon as I put the S Pen near the screen, any text in front of the cursor gets deleted! This means when you first open a document the text is deleted from the first line. It took me quite a while to notice so I now have some half deleted files with no way to recover them!! Not good...
why buy an update on this crappy app when Kingston is FREE?!?!?!?! wish i could remove this crap from my phone.
I regreat paying for this app. I only did it just because it was the first office app for android. But this is the first update sobce Oct 2011. The app looks so outdated compare to others even free apps like King Office.  It does not look good in honeycomb or later. Don't waste your time, money', and space and get King Office
Crap
It don't let me uninstall the app it sucks.
Worth every cent
Love this app
I don't even use it and I can't uninstall this app. Why can't I get rid of it.
King soft is so much better and free.
When I downloaded it said that it was free. It is free to download but is not free to use. You need to list the cost instead of listing it as a free app.
I dont want this on my phone but out won't let me delete it!
Dumb
Update wastes space Zte skate
My excel sheets keep converting to r.dvz files when I save them on my mobile device. Does anyone know why????
Don't work with password protected file , user interface is poor & comes with a LOT of limitations , I just downloaded kingsoft office does more & way better than this app
Sucky app !
Uninstalled...
anything you try to open with it it tries to make you pay for full app absolute crap
I wish i could delete this useless app!!!!
No matter whr u click, it reads : "The feature you are tying to access is available on the full version" Uninstalling rightaway... Not even worth a single star
even for free.  Perhaps they should pay us?
Never used
Forget this thing   ,
Can't start a document
Ekdam bakwas
It sucks!!!
I can't even view my files anymore. It keeps telling me 2 buy the full version
This app is useless and hogs my phone's memory after EVERY update. I have to UNINSTALL the update in order to get my phone's memory back.
This worked fine, but as soon as it updates I can't even use it to see documents.
I got this app to use for google docs, however it asks me to purchase the full version to get that feature.
does anyone know how to open online files using this app??
Won't install. Waste of memory.
Can't access unless you buy full app crappy
It cannot be uninstalled !!! So it is very bad app! Too much disturbance !!
Thanks @55holes for the update.....now I have to purchase it to look at my PDF files. Which I used to be able to do for free. F*** You
GET THIS NEVER USED POS GARBAGE BLOATWARE OFF MY PHONE!
This thing does my head in
Yet another viewer that doesn't do what it claims. All I want to do is view simple xls and xlsx files, but this app won't open them.
Paid £9.49 for this app as you cannot try all the functions on the free version without buying.  But does not offer anything innovative, some of the free apps out there are streaks ahead of this, in my opinion...dont bother, very dissapointed.
This sucks
This is already installed by mobile company,I can not UN install it.. to save some space.. moreover need to purchase the license for full access.
Trying to reactivate after getting new phone/wiping is a nightmare. Horrible company. Sincerely regret my purchase.
I downloaded this to view documents from my PC via ZumoCast.  No dice.  No idea how it works.
No good! Can't uninstall! Messed up my phone!!
I wish i could uninstall the app.
Have to purchase the full version in order to use. Very deceiving.
Don't use it, don't want it, can't remove it. So tired of junk updating on my phone. It takes way to much memory and ridiculous amounts on data storage
Blocks Pdf views.. Makes you buy full version to view pdfs
Bit pointless i downloaded it so i can EDIT my file..... i dont need this as my phone can open this type of file without this app
Nice idea if you could actually use the free version besides looking at and reviewing the files it came with. You can't even read your own Word Docs because it keeps wanting you to upgrade to the paid version.
Atleast let me use it all or get credit after 50 ad viewings.
Sucks
Why cant i delete this app off my phone  What is the point of it any way
Don't waste your time! The worse
I downloaded this to use powerpoint....I cannot use powerpoint....
I will not download anything on my tablet that loads on boot, because it wastes system memory. I will open my apps when I want them open, I do not want it decided for me! All app designers take note, this is driving me mad!
I've not been able to open a single doc (not even a sample) with this app bcos it alwys asked me to upgrade. So I guess, I m going to upgrade myself to some other working app bcos there are loads of them out there and I m going to trash Docs To Go.
Sick and tired of having uninstall just to get msgs or phone calls stop updating please remove
U cannot do anything unless you pay 15 dollars
Have to root my phone to delete this garbage
Without purchase of the unlock key this is bull my last phone had all functions available none of this paying to view create save files this app sucks
TERRIBLE AND WASTE OF SPACE
How to use it? What is it there for? etc...
Dont like it
Seriously, Google docs is better... there's no uninstall button...
I don't like it, they want me to pay to download things and it want uninstall
Why can't we avail all options ? It's so annoying
Its just ok
Auto updates, and I can't remove it. Stupid app.
DON'T DOWNLOAD IT, JUST A WAIST OF TIME
easy to edit on the road.
Need a word processor that allows me to make and view footnotes. Used QuickOffice initially and even that was a pain to edit. Thought this would be an upgrade, sadly there was not even an option to include footnotes or endnotes - only comments. Back to the hunt
And takes up to much room and dont work well
With the new update I can no longer view PDFs in the free version; which is the only reason I use this app anyway.
I don't use this and i don't.want i no my phone thank  u
I don't use this and i don't.want i no my phone thank  u
Copy is a premium feature? Uninstalled with extreme prejudice!
These are basic word features i used to use in windows 98 with a 386processor lol. 10x the power and i cant do basics. I paid for this and its asking for more money??? New phone but same email account????  Get it together or refund me
This is just one of those useless dowloads. Nothing can be done with it. Everything youwant to try tells you to buy the full version. Stop wasting peoples time!
Cant access wifi printing :(
I hate this
I only got one question... how do I get this waste of space off my phone?
Be very careful installing this update it took my premium key and now wants to charge me £9.49 for another one, it doesn't mention it in the write up and was the only reason I use my viewpad 7!  Not happy!
Why not have a time limited trial with all features enabled? Theres no way I'm paying for the full app if i cannot try it first
OK, so I used this app to try it out before I buy it. But it's just not worth it. First, it does not format correctly. It's terrible, and does even try to mimic the default pageview on word. What you get instead is some borderless outline view that does not show where the text would be on a page. It also does not show the margins of the paper, does not indent properly, shows no indication where the page ends or begins, does not smooth out the font when viewing. Second, the performance is terrible. Zooming in a document takes so long that therefore is even a dialog box for it. A DIALOG BOX. You boast about having "intact technology," and I find that claim hilarious because it doesn't even TRY to make the formatting correctly. And you expect people to pay twenty dollars for this?
I don't want it AT ALL
I don't use it, I don't need it, I don't want it but I can't uninstall it. Lame.
It wont let me see any documents i download. It just keeps saying "force close"
All i want is an app that will open and let me read word and powerpoint files on my phone and tablet.. sadly this isnt working. Uninstalled
Sucks
Free version does not even allow copy.
V.Nice
paid for full version does not support full functionality of xlsx. files
Really helps my job
رائع جدا
Can't do crap with the free version every time u click on something it say this option is only available with purchase of full version..... BS!!!!!!
Can't do crap with the free version every time u click on something it say this option is only available with purchase of full version..... BS!!!!!!
No
ถ้าใครจะนำมาใช้เปิด  poweer point เอาไปใช้จริงจัง ขอร้องอย่าหวังพึ่ง Android เลย ไม่ได้เรื่องสักโปรแกรม ผมลองมาเป็นพันบาทแล้ว เซ็ง
Went from 5MB to 10MB. Unused system app wiped free space, can't uninstall or move to SD.
This is horrible, wont let me uninstall and its making my phone glitch and force quit constantly.
The app says "free" docs to go...so not true. When you try to create any doc it refers you to the "buy full app" page. I uninstalled it bcuz it was insufficient for my for my college work. So disappointing :(
Updated to latest version, not working on bionic anymore just black screen
Won't let u create new files - forces you to buy full app.... Sad
Won't let u create new files - forces you to buy full app.... Sad
Dnt wrkk .  How do you uninstall?? been trying and it wont uninstall it just keeps updating
Lame and stupic...you can't even start a Document.. -_-
The app is good and helpful, but i wonder why there is no ms access on android whereas iphone has :-(
I cannot believe on the Samsung Note you cannot download documents from Evernote, edit them, and re-save them when everything works fine on my GSII! Big time fail for paid app.
I Don't like the app.  It stops all my notifications.  Also cannot contact company to solve problem.
I'd give no stars if I could.  Update makes u pay for simple PDF files that were free on the basic version.
Great app, but uses too much phone storage. Add ability to move to sd card and i would gibe five stars.
My device does not update  It gives me an error
What a joke it comes installed on zte warp and.u cant even usr it till u buy upgrade..... crapy	..
Not so good either
Not so good either
The Best you could invest in
Tried to buy it but kept getting errors.  Reported to them and they only answered with half passed hashed answers.  Though I cared about an expired promo period.  Forget them and their app.  Ex PDF app is better for PDf.  Don't waste time or money on this dying horse.
From full verion in Xperia sk17i. Have to press numerous times / icons to open or edit target office files in phone and also to files in google docs
Great on my Toshiba thrive tablet.  Does what I need and more for a mobile appand the price was great!
I purchased the full version about a week ago and I still can't download it! Error 403 in google play
it deleted all my pic ,videosand my volume to my ringtones did not work
Its a waste app.after update it not support even pdf file,why it added in adroid os as default office.my recomendation to all that dont waste your time and money..i m giving it 0 star but unable to add comment thats i m giving 1star to it.
Trial allows only docs on phone to be edited. As there are none I cannot be bothered to go to the trouble of getting them there. Rather trial Quick Office. They support dropbox an Google docs even in the trial version. I strongly suggest you trial these office products before buying as they are all still very immature.
It takes too much memory and i can't delete it!!
Uninstal
Poor
Came pre installed on phone. Won't let me un install. Waist of space
Plz stop updating without asking me! I dont use this program, so why would I want to waste my free space on an update?!
Dont want it
I have bought the key. Got charged twice but still not unlocked. Pls help or arrange refund.
Can't be any good it they have to stoop to paying acer to preload and make it undeletable.
But doesnt found it useful...but amazing part is i cant find any uninstall option ....help
It's really disappointing that the app can display chart which I made in excel 2007. I read dataviz release note which tell us it support chart since 2009 edition, but it turn out to be the very basic 'line chart. It also can show 'filter' function. These not-do draw me back from upgrading!
Something I don't like about this
Bugs me to register every single time I open it. Registration of products is optional!
Has major issues with ppt and pptx. Not useful if you need to work with powerpoint files on a professional level.
Cant get on it
Constant error message when I try to download latest update..please fix.
Sucks after. Update it's useless.  Buy this no no.
Can't do anything with out buying the full version
My native app opens these documents and I'm not paying $15 to open a password protected doc. Now having issues with uninstalling!
There are a few glitches in this suite, and the paid version does keep making me re-register which is irritating, but it's still the best Microsoft Office suite on Android Market that I have found, and I have purchased several...
i would delete it off my phone I'd use it if i could for free but I'd rather use my computer than pay
I know this app was free but the data cost and I wasted almost 5Mb because it didn't install right
suuuuuuuuccccckkkkssss
To use this feature.  No thanks.  Now uninstalling
I had the full version of this program already installed on my phone and it worked fine but after an update it changed to this! Now can't even view PDF files. Please sort this out you are ripping people off!!!
Basically an ad to get you to buy pro version. Olive office is free and Muchbetter.
Cannot open ANY of my documents. I have the full version. I want my money back!
Most phones now already have a viewer for all Microsoft products. Without buying the full program to edit this thing does nothing but take up space. Complete waste.
It would be good if it was given an uninstall option
.
Not free
its not free, not even for a trial period, how am i supposed to be sure i want this nless i can see what its like to compose a word, exell, or ppt on a mobile, pretty expensive guess, especially when you consider i just payed for this software on my new netbook, greedy, and not customer friendly
As soon as I was prompted to pay for this app. I felt confusion and a maddening sense of frustration. Been looking for an app that would view my dropbox files so I could copyand paste information into a browser. This is a disappointment. This app = fail
why should i Pay? micro$oft make us pay for year this stuff, til Java and oracle arrived( notice the lower), and now this sheet gotta be Free!
This app came on my phone, it doesn't work, it just takes up space that I'd like to use for other apps
Terrible
It gives me gas.
Don't want the app, don't use the app, and won't let me DELETE THE APP full of booboo hate it
I downloaded this app ans supposedly ur can create a doc but that is not true everything is locked !! Like why an app that u can't even use it unless u buy the full version !! Like Wtf !!
Great app. Pity that it cannot edit excel 2007 files that have tables. They are so popular.
Why would I purchase this app, The free version is very user unfriendly.
I have never been able to open any documents with this app.
No thanks.
Crap adware. Can't try before you buy.
This free app doesn't let you do anything unless you buy it .. How can you see if you like it if you can't see what it can do first.. You know test it
Useless! I keep getting redirected to purchase updates! Can't even make any documents!
It cant save or attach picture
You can't do anything on this site without being redirected to the full version! worthless!!!!!! Don't call it free documents if you can't even use the sight!
Will only view base directory....  can't see your SD card used on tablets....  1 star until I can see my SD card which is where my documents are....
Sucks
Instead my PDF file I have to go to their website. If choose "later" application will close
No use. I Uninstalled now.They force you to buy pro version then why these free app drama in android market?
It sucks
Seems like basic countif formulas are not recognized. Rather disappointed with that.
Cannot Be Removed
about 50 percent of the time it can't open the file or save the file kinda sucks
Can not open documents on my SD card.  Saves opened documents under goofy names. It makes yourename them to keep the names
This is the best thing ever ever ever.
Crashes with error 1030 when opening any document with Chinese characters. Come on, quickoffice and kingsoft office both support unicode, this is 2012 for pete's sake.
Bad...unfortunatly bundled on my phone and cant remove..5 MB space waster
Bad...unfortunatly bundled on my phone and cant remove..5 MB space waster
You can't do ANYTHING unless you buy the full version. Uninstalling it.
Not free
I don't know why they bothered with a free version, you can't actually do ANYTHING without buying the full, overpriced version. Might as well just look at the pictures, pointless install.
Not compatable!!!
Having java.io.IOException error
Why can't i uninstall? This shouldn't be a required app.
Never opens .xlsx files.
I don't even want this app. Can, wait, how do i take it off???
This app came on my tablet. Every option says "this is availible on the pay app". Then I noticed an update availible for it. Now it says "this is availible on the pay app". I'm not even sure why this was created.
I have had this installed for three months and it still won't work. Glad I didn't pay for it.
I prefer kingsoft office, Is free and better than this poor app
It doesn't do anything unless you pay for the full version. This app is useless!!
why won't it save changes!!!!
This us horrible you can't do anything unless you buy the ful version!!!!!
Don't waste your time with this awful piece of junk.   I have had more luck with palm reading software.  This is cr*p!
Toss
Terrible app, all error messages saying it won't open my files. Use think free office
Free version supports very few document types. There are many better free document viewers in the market.
Won't do anything tell you download the full version WTF!!
It wont open pdf file. Non-stop nagging about full version. This is total crap.
Not much difference between this and standard contacts app supplied with samsung galaxy note
You can even create anythin till you buy the full version for 15 freaking dollars.
0 stars...can't open any pdfs and way overpriced to buy for limited use. Uninstalled.
Cant even upload a file to edit it on here! Its gay and to even use or open a word document you have to download the full version....what's the sense in this app if you can't use it for what its made for?!
Since I don't even use this App, it's a waste of valuable memory space.
Local Files goes straight to /mnt/SDcard. Although there is an 'Up' button, this does not react. Therefore impossible to get to /Removable/MicroSD (need to get above mnt to do that). All my docs are on the MicroSDcard or the external (removable) SDcard. No tool in settings to redefine the home directory like most tablet apps have. (Used to use it on an HTC Desire HD where it was pretty good - now on Transformer TF101). Claims to now work with 2010 files - cannot open them!!!!
Why does a document app need to know who is calling me, or whom I'm calling? Too nosey.
Don't waste your money. I have had problems with the desktop app and have emailed the developer, but they don't bother answering your questions. For $14.99 you would expect help with your questions and resolutions to your issues. Some developers are great if you have questions on their app, but this developer wants to take the money and run. I gave it only one star since you have to put something in the field. One star is too generous.
Trying it but it keep foreclose such a useless apps you can't do much unless buying it.
How do you uninstall this app?
This demo/trial is completely useless you cannot even use it as a viewer to see your local office and pdf files, pathetic...
I loaded main ap then purchased full version. Used for a couple of months. Something updated on phone. Couldn't get Docs to Go to work.  NO WAY TO CONTACT THEM. Tried uninstalling to install again. Only way looks like to buy it again.  No chance!
Can't do  anything with it
Can't Use W/Out Buying Xtra Features.UNINSTALLING.
Very useful
I have the stocked version which doesnt work. Wish I could uninstall takes up too much space.
Wish I could unistall it!! Takes up space and useless. Doesnt support files waste of time,,,,JUNK!!!!
Updates take up alot of memory and I can't uninstall it :(.
Sucks
I use microsoft Office all the time & now I can read and write documents on my smart phone
This free version doesn't let me edit. The free version on my other tablet might let me try editing, but doesn't let me create.  Maybe OK as a viewer, but I want to evaluate content creation. this is not going to help.
No tablet support
Dish out the money and then you don't  even know what you are going to get. Rip off don't waste your time.
I thought I would actually be able to use excel & word without paying. All you can do on this app is read already downloaded things, which takes forever for it to load anyway. Waste of time.
Can't remove. Can't turn off the automatic updates...never use it, never will. ...  Can't remove. Can't turn off the automatic updates...never use it, never will. Stupid!
Good support for many formats but takes long to process pdf files while reading, slower than ezpdf reader
Doesn't work on ICS, only Gingerbread...
The free version is a viewer only. If I cannot try out all or most of the features I will never risk buying it.
Not a full word processor without spellcheck not worth any money
A2 Mann gas s byte, stuff hungry Bang fatty , size cash
I got a new phone recently. A nice ATT Avail (ZTE Z990). It's a nice phone. the only flaw is that some at&t marketing drone made a deal with a few companies - including DataViz. Docs to go is "locked" in that I cant remove it. I called AT&T and was told this was by prior marketing arrangement. So I wont buy any dataviz product. Im so annoyed by this choice on dataviz's part that I won't even launch it. Im sure it's a nice app in fact it may do what I need but I bought a competitor's application since they were not rude enough to force me to look at their app. Dataviz should rethink their strong arm tactics  or perhaps folks don't mind having their control abridged by a marketing agreement . I know I do mind. So I wont buy - ever.
It sucks it doesnt let u do anything it makes u buy full version to create any thing worst app i ever got
Cant get support to respond.
Not worth downloading let alone paying for - stay away. The only reason I've given one star is there's no 'no star' option!
Pure trash doesn't work at all.
Pure trash doesn't work at all.
PRO version needed for most features. Cannot even view a password protected file. Another product on the market does. I am uninstalling this.
Poor office.
Unusefull
You have to buy the full version to use everything. It doesnt even have a demo or free trial. You just download and everything you click on leads to "BUY FULL VERSION". F'n LAME!!!
Can't ANYONE make a simple, straightforward spreadsheet for  which a degree in F###''#' Computer science isn't a prerequisite to making the fanned thing work. I've tried FIVE Tonight and not succeeded with any.... All trying to be too smart. the one I had on my iPhone worked beautifully from the moment I installed it for free.
What else can i say!
I'm getting notification ads after installing this app.
This program does NOT support Excel 2007 as they claim and it will not edit an Excel spread sheet! They are even running a Privately ran domain that is used for business, an illegal thing. Do NOT pay them anything, as they are just scammers! Oh, and they have NO contact info on their site! Scammers all the way!
support arabic
Ive tried to uninstall the updates because i cant read some files but it doesnt uninstall!!
I use my xoom for work. I use excel sheets all day long. I find that the cell spacing is changed on the lines I use the most. Very annoying to have a few 1.5in. tall rows to work around. It also looks bad to the people that view my work.  I contacted tech and  received one real response. I have the paid version. Its been two months with out an answer. Other annoying tips ...no spell check...can't print directly form the app...Oh one good thing is that I can email directly from the app...Love that...but some people receive a copy with out formulas so nothing adds up. I have read all the other reviews.....and I have never had any of their problems. App is very fast and reliable. But it is money spent and useless to fit my needs.  DataViz...please help. San Antonio,TX
I used to use Documents ToGo years ago on several of my Palm Smartphones, so I decided to buy Documents ToGo for my new Android Smartphone.  The first problem that I just had, which I emailed Dataviz about, was each time that I save any spreadsheet, with the highlighted cell in the last place that I entered data in, the next time that I open the spreadsheet, the highlighted cell returns to cell A1, rather than where I saved it last.  In a large spreadsheet, having to scroll to the last place you entered data is rediculious!  I got no response from Dataviz about that problem.  The next time that I emailed Dataviz was due to a problem only with Sheets to go, which doesn’t occur on any other applications installed on my Sprint Samsung Galaxy S II.  Each time that I attempt to enter a single number in any cell, when I press any number key one time, that number repeats the number twice, almost 100% of the time.  Once again I got no reply from Dataviz, and I have repeatedly emailed them about this issue, asking why they are not responding.  Their support is absolutely worthless!  Don't buy their products if you ever might need help with any issue that their product is having!
This program sucks. Can not properly open Office 2010 files and it's been out for how long? Get with the Updates Data Vis! You guys don't have the right to say your "#1 Office App" QuickOffice does it all!!!
Rubbish. Waste of money
No point to this unless you want to be nagged into buying full version...
Since I CAN'T give ZERO ☆...what CAN this "free" application do???...docstogo on my old 9930 WAS FREE and you could do EVERYTHING!!!...FAIL!!!!!!
Bad bad bad
Waste of time plenty of free apps do this
Wont let me uninstall ZTE score
This app is truly the closest i feel to my computer.  I especially love the fact that it has google docs built in to sync.
Better than quick office
incredibly limited trial version
Crashes constantly and doesn't autosave, so it can't recover documents. Nags you endlessly about some nonsense "registration" after you paid.
Poor app
Try to update Main app or update by choosing your tablet as device to download to and it will be pushed to the tablet. It worked for me when I was missing or removed main app but had the updgrade that will NOT be of use unless the main app is installed. But can anyone help me -- Doc to Go cannt 'see' my micro SD. All my docs are there. Only a list of "internal SD" files show and I cannot navigate up. [as I can when I use Astro file mgr]. Near useless app to me if this can't be resolved.  => I see no  resolution of SD card isse with docs to go, neither with OpenOffice basic. but on first try of trial version of Office Suite i could select and and open text files on my external micro SD.  Whether or not I get a refund I am buying Office Suite. Now. Am on my PD writing this and on Moto Xoom at same time.
Total waste of time. Need to buy before can do anything. Crap is an understatement.
If you buy it. But it is getting better and better.
This is not free you have to buy the full version if you want to use the app
Stupidest app ever, why have it when you can only use it when you buy stuff?
If thats the case i might as well use my computer...
Good for nothing unless you buy the full version, completely sucks.... Uninstalled- sony ericsson w8
unless you pay
Get off my phone..so annoying!
Requires the full version to read a PDF. I also dislike the permissions of "Read phone state." I don't know why this needs to know my number, or the number I am connected to during a call.
Why wont it work on my computer i have a andriod 2.2 laptop adn it wont work ? Help me i spent 10 pound on something that dont work!
Do not want this.
Do NOT buy full version.  This program does not allow inserting any numbered footnotes.  its not more useful than any free word editor in this sense.
Package not signed - please fix
Can't view  .docx  .ptt  useless for me.
Ask to buy full version for everything. And says to word file, a html file Suxxx.... X(
don't dowload it!!!!!
Not worth downloading, free app docent let you do anything, just tries to sell you full version.
I purchased this app after reading it would sync between my Thunderbolt and PC.  It doesn't work.  I sent an email to Dataviz tech support, and this is the message I received from them,  "It appears as if you are having an issue with Microsoft Excel on your computer.  I would recommend contacting Microsoft support for help with this issue as our app does not interact with Microsoft Office on the desktop side". I thought the whole point was it's interaction between the two.  This was a waste of money.
Don't dl free version
Main aplication is made only to tell you to buy full .Nothing works.Should be removed from free app's.
Flaky.  Features that used to work when my tablet was new, no longer do. Download/update doesn't work; cannot open password-protected file any more.
This is not a full version..
Nice and free app to see your docs on the go but doesn't support .txt files.
With my blackberry this app came with some useful functions. Not so on the droid.
Viewpad 7 When you type something on screen and turn the unit 90 degrees it comes up with an error and wipes your doc! & no move to sd!
Cant edit nothing. Why even have the free available? This free app is misleading, take it away or allow editing function! I give it no stars!
I can't get it to work.
Doesn't do anything worth paying others said this i didn't listen don't be like me!
Package error! Plz fix
Installed it on a Samsung Galaxy Y. Couldnt find options to create a graph.. but the description says "Sheet To Go offers powerful data computation with support for 111 functions, cell, number & sheet formatting, row & column preferences, auto-fit options, freeze panes, sort, cut, copy, paste, undo, redo, charting, etc." I dont know what they refer as "Charting"..or is the option hidden.
When I try to apply this update, I receive an error staying that the package was not signed correctly.
FC's and then when it tries to 'recover changes ' it erases half of my saved work even tho i saved numerous times just before FCing
can't open anything
Trying to view a basic word doc, I can see an image but apparently I need the full version to see the text.  Don't bother with this crap.
Trying to view a basic word doc, I can see an image but apparently I need the full version to see the text.  Don't bother with this crap.
I downloaded it to view attatchments for school. I got nothing so I give nothing for stars.
IF YOU HAVE PAID VERSION DO NOT! USE THIS TO UPDATE, IT WILL ERASE FULL VERSION. Clunky and won't support printing.
It will prompt for Buy Pro Version of this shitt!!! It does the same work what my file manager does... just open >>read>> close!!!
Don't download this if you don't buy full version!
This app is worthless without buying the full version
The stupid app won't let me create a new document.
This is useless, can't open any documents unless i purchase the app...
The current update breaks the market. I am unable to update ANY programs as it causes crash. I contact support, they tell me it is a google problem. As a long time user of this program, I am highly dissappointed, I had to uninstall!! Please fix this ASAP
I cant use word perfect. Gota buy full version, so whats good about this app if i cant use it?  Waste of app! Maybe its a good app if i bought it.
this apps doesn't work@all....it needs to buy full version when u wanna create new document....so bad!!!!
Can't install. "package file not signed correctly"
A word of warning:  Having this app on your android tablet WILL ultimately cause your market to crash repeatedly whenever you select 'my apps'.  Dataviz should remove it from the market and refund the purchase price to those that have already bought it (at least until they have fixed this glaring problem that THEIR BROKEN APP causes)
Update won't work on my Droid
CAN'T ZOOM in demo program.   (this app is useless for this NON-feature alone, unless you buy the full program)...
wtf u can't do anything with free version. how am I sposed to know if is good to buy?
I couldn't create a new paragraph by tapping "Enter" and in landscape I could not see what I'd typed with the keyboard open. This was on a Droid X.
Popup windows to get you to buy the full version occurring whenever you try and do almost anything AND banner ads...never really could stand it long enough for a thorough review.
This app will reinstall on my Xoom, and DataViz does not respond to support tickets.
Doesn't allow you to use any features of the app. Basically serves to ask for "full version" payment. No trial, whatsoever.
No Free ride here
No luck at all getting this to work well
Just as great as the desktop version
Won't work or open files what a piece of crap
It wont open any documents unless you buy the full version. Useless. Im uninstalling.
It wont open any documents unless you buy the full version. Useless. Im uninstalling.
It does not open docx files,  to slow for downloading,  rendering and working with the file,   useless for me
Cant test out all the options I need a pdf app and the trial version wont let you use it. Dont mind paying for an app but want to make sure it works
Close.. when I type something
I've had office on pda, documents to go on blackberry, and now DtG 3.0 on android and between the software and my new droid bionic... this rocks!
i am waiting for ppt slidesow before buy
U cant.  a say its fee when when you know we have to upgrade and pay
Cannot edit
Came preinstalled on my Motorola Xoom. It crashes the Market app every time I select it. (And all I wanted to do was enable automatic updates...)
Came preinstalled on my Motorola Xoom. It crashes the Market app every time I select it. (And all I wanted to do was enable automatic updates...)
not completed free. when i try to open ppt it asks to upgrade to a premium service.
There is hardly anything you can do with this free version. Can't even scroll the text in a cell of spreadsheet. UnInstalling
useless to make any dics, just trick to buy overpriced full verison.
Y put it as free? Pointless
Don't even bother downloading this app doesn't do anything unless you buy the paid one
Can't do anything on the demo to see what the program is like. Can't buy something not knowing anything about it. Uninstalling.
You can't do anything but get a feel for what you can do once you pay
Sucks have to buy before using the function
Just ploy to make you buy full version. You can't even explore how it functions.
This is just a decoy to make you buy the actual apparently that works. Uninstall
Provides the ever-so-meaningful message:  id: 65535, and hangs.  Works fine for some files, doesn't work for others.  This is a $15 loss.  Quickoffice works just fine.
Hope they could give a 7day trial for us to check if its really worth it.others give a 30day trial.
Its a trick thy make u pay
I click the later button for when they ask if I want the full version, & it doesn't do anything. Waste of time & space.
Won't let you open docs after you download, unless you purchase the full app. Even if you hit the later button
NOT FREE....GIVES YOU FIRST LINE OF DOC! ONLY
Don't advertise as free if its not!!
Makes all of my office documents available on my phone.
Why say its free when its not.
This app isn't free... worst app ever besides the fact it slowed my phone! Uninstalled!
Unbelievably Fantastic!
My htc TP2 died and all my spreadsheets were done using Microsoft Office 2010 (TP2 uses Windows OS). This is the ONLY app that was able to read files.
On my Droid X & Zoom Tablet. I have had no major issues. I with there was an app that would allow be to print my documents.
Everything else is great but occasionally will not open a pdf ( full version) The phone says no app available... LG Revolution
wow, i wonder how am i even able to open the app without buying it -.- seriously, every possible feature except viewing the document is locked..
Even as a viewer your app is pathetic. You could have made it like what you provide Palm users. Wish I could give less than one star.
I cannot search all folders on my SD card from within the application, since many are not even listed. I have to use a file utility to find and open.
Worst app i found till now. . .they nake fool of u by saying its free. . .every tym u open any doc. . It say the feature is not avlbl in this version.
Are you can't use any of the features of this application without buying it!? How do I even know how it works?
Is not worth your time will not open any apps even to view until they get paid.
Works great for my needs. I have the full version which allows me to create and edit. I'm also able to access Google docs.
Purchased the upgrade but it never went through (but I was charged). I keep getting error message that word our excel documents aren't valid files.
Lacks pinch zoom, and editing is sluggish with cumbersome keyboard toggle.
Lacks pinch zoom, and editing is sluggish with cumbersome keyboard toggle.
Junk. It's too bad really.
Bought the pro. Does not display the graphs in documents. Support says it is not supposed to. Pictures and text tell another story. No refund.
Can't even use it to edit a simple word doc. BOOOOO!!!
The free version is a gimmick. Uninstalling.
Program makes you review to unlock primary features
Because this app syncs with Google docs you can't view or download attachments from gmail; you have to have the full version. STUPID
Free version doesn't allow zooming in to view pptx slides! so the free app is useless to me. and $15 is too steep for just a doc viewer!
I have used dtg with succes in the past with a Palm TX and thought it would work without a glitch on my Win7. The problem is that my OS is in Portuguese and, because of that, uses symbols that English language doesn't use. Unfortunately Documents To Go does not work with folders with symbols and hence most of my folders are useless unless I change them. Dataviz also refuses to refund, since I bought the app without checking right away and they also take a long time to answer support. Bad service.
No even can view excel column with multiple line. can't view different worksheet in one workbook. Not good at all.
I think this will be nice.
I think this will be nice.
I think this will be nice.
I think this will be nice.
Excellent app!
Woow
Stupid if you can't even use it without purchasing the full version doesn't make sense to have the free app! Delete!
The full version is worth every penny, you'll be thrilled you bought it....I sure am.
The full version is worth every penny, you'll be thrilled you bought it....I sure am.
Unless you buy the full version you cant really use this. Not what i was expecting.
Olive office premium is free, and better: I paid for the upgrade Twice, & now they want me to pay a third time, & failed to honor an offered discount:
Dont waste your time, will not open excel files, developer does not offer support. They say 90% of problems can be solved online, figure it out urself
Exellent app beneficial and powerfull
Exellent app beneficial and powerfull
Exellent app beneficial and powerfull
Seriously trying to avoid Adobe for PDF support. Free Docs to Go will open MS's proprietary format (.docx, etc.) but not PDF? Useless.
Seriously trying to avoid Adobe for PDF support. Free Docs to Go will open MS's proprietary format (.docx, etc.) but not PDF? Useless.
HORRIBLE!! Doesnt allow u 2 use excel,word, or powerpoint 2 create new docs directs u 2 buy the other version..A MESS!!
HORRIBLE!! Doesnt allow u 2 use excel,word, or powerpoint 2 create new docs directs u 2 buy the other version..A MESS!!
Useless, won't let you view what it look like. Can't see spreadsheet, word, powerpoint documents.
Useless, won't let you view what it look like. Can't see spreadsheet, word, powerpoint documents.
Useless, won't let you view what it look like. Can't see spreadsheet, word, powerpoint documents.
Useless, won't let you view what it look like. Can't see spreadsheet, word, powerpoint documents.
Useless, won't let you view what it look like. Can't see spreadsheet, word, powerpoint documents.
The best app on the market for editing document on the go. I'm a contractor and use this to do estimates on the spot. Great app
The best app on the market for editing document on the go. I'm a contractor and use this to do estimates on the spot. Great app
emailed them but response is to download it; tried downloading it from Android My App, but noted 'The applicatin will be downloaded shortly.' Never!
Doesn't really provide any functionality better than quick office when viewing an office file... in fact less.
Can DocumentsToGo open an HTML file? MS-Office and OpenOffice can open an HTML file and save as an HTML file.
Very limited functionality, not even zoom. Who wants to scroll horizontally? Why not trial more functionality??
There is no point in having this. I can't even open a document, you have to have the full version.
It's not a free version! You cannot even try to create a document. May be full version... but I want to try before
This app has suddenly stopped working. I get nothing but forced closes. I've lost access to my important files!
why is it that the Main app compatible with my nexus s but not the full version
Doesn't support Swype or other input methods. Also the interface with google docs is buggy, filenames frequently mangled. No response from developer
I purchased it & was loving it, until it unistalled & asked me for a registration # I was never given, can not get the app. To work ever since
Dosnt allow to check/use anything for free. Uninstalled. Read below comments which says d same. Just wanted 2 check. Waist of time.
Dosnt allow to check/use anything for free. Uninstalled. Read below comments which says d same. Just wanted 2 check. Waist of time.
Demo is just an ad for the paid version, it doesnt do anything but take you to their site to pay for the full version. Thanks for the waste of my time
I want to uninstall this space hog but the uninstall button is not coming up in the application manager. Crappy app taking up space.
Used for several months with no problems. Today, cannot open any documents period, java errors. EVO 4G
Used for several months with no problems. Today, cannot open any documents period, java errors. EVO 4G
Demo is useless, how do I know if it can do what I want it to do before I buy?
Demo is useless, how do I know if it can do what I want it to do before I buy?
Why would I pay for a program that might not work....atleast have a free trail that worked to make me think otherwise..plainly a P.O.S
If I want to upgrade, I'm asked for a license or reg. no. but I don't have any?
No free test of editing of google docs. I'm not paying just on a chance it might do what I need. Dataviz, let people have a time limited demo at least
No free test of editing of google docs. I'm not paying just on a chance it might do what I need. Dataviz, let people have a time limited demo at least
Because i didn't have the full version hardly anything worked on my samsung galaxy s. Not worth having, don't install!!!!
Low rate! Or remove ads or remove free/full version. PDF Reader in full version? UNISTALLED!
This is just a hook for you to buy program. It doesn't let you open. Doc or plain text document. What a waste of time.
Free ver. should have unlocked features for ltd. time to better evaluate and decide purchase. Any app may view docs, how good is yours for editing?
The free version doesn't even allow you to create a new document. Don't waste your time.
Not worth downloading. My old palm at least had some usable features. This product has noneunless you pay. Don't waste your time.
Not worth downloading. My old palm at least had some usable features. This product has noneunless you pay. Don't waste your time.
Ok for viewing doc but lack basic features. Dare I say it, maybe Microsoft should make an office suite for my HTC Evo Android 2.3
This app is worthless. It downloads a pdf file, prompts to upgrade to the full version, and never opens the pdf. Useless!
Can't get a good feel of its capabilities in free vers & all negative reviews seem more realistic than the positive reviews.
Can't get a good feel of its capabilities in free vers & all negative reviews seem more realistic than the positive reviews.
The paid app I bought is always mysteriously missing from my Market apps and can't be recovered.My employer is FURIOUS!
When reading the word document and switching to browser and then back to the document I have to reopen the doc and loose the last reading place.
After already purchasing it, A re-install I tried would not "pair my new phone. They no longer give any phone support, can't even get a hold of sales!
After already purchasing it, A re-install I tried would not "pair my new phone. They no longer give any phone support, can't even get a hold of sales!
Didnt even let me open a pdf file says i have to buy pro version ..jst ta see it!!
I don't want to pay for the items, all that I want is excel. Screw this app.
Even for free it's a rippoff. Opened a Word doc, saved it, and then couldn't open it again. Should be called Documents To Go Away Forever. Droid 2
Works great anytime I need it, does just what it says. Very easy once you get used to it
Loved this app on Froyo, but I seem to be missing some features on Gingerbread...
No spellchecker? How can it be a word processor if you cannot spell check. Complete waste of money.
Lousy interface. Bought full and can not insert images into docs or power point. No response from developer. Crap. Save your money.
Giving it one star because I'm tried to open word sheet in MS and it says it's not a VALID Microsoft Word, please fix
Won't work HTC2 it winters let me edit the docs without buying the full version
Piece of crap. Terrible support. I sent them an explanation of my installation problems and received an Out of Office auto reply message! Real pros!
Too expensive. Why are all the office apps prices exactly the same. Playing chicken?
Too many limitations of the free version - each orients the user to buy the full version. And there are pubs everywhere. Frustrating ! ThinkFree Office does it all and is FREE. I would give it ZERO stars but I have to give at least one.
I can't copy cells in spread sheets. Running Android 2.3 on an HTC Evo. I need a fix ASAP!
Everything I tried to do on this demo is restricted to the purchased product. A demo that doesn't allow you to actually demo anything is useless.
I've used Dataviz since I had Palm pdas and loved it. I still think this is the best office suite money can buy.
Excellent app and very responsive developer! I've used Documents To Go for 5 years dating back to my Palm Treo, and it has always worked perfectly!
Why do they call it a free app when nothing works until you pay for it. Total crap
Why do they call it a free app when nothing works until you pay for it. Total crap
Why do they call it a free app when nothing works until you pay for it. Total crap
Previous phone had free document to go installed and no subscription or purchase was required.
Wouldn't let me do anything without asking me to buy it. Screw that. I refuse to pay 15 bucks.
The Free version - Will not open PDF - Does not open 2003 xls files. - Keeps asking to purchase the key for even basic functions
Greatest app EVER... I can review all of my work spreadsheets, add formulas and format cells...
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Why does it need permission to access phone calls and messages?... This seams irrelivent to the function of the app?..
Best Android app for word docs. Better if "copy/paste", font changes, etc did not require menus to access.
Everything I want to be able to use is locked. Useless and it's not worth paying $15... When google docs is free!
Weak stuff. Scrolling left or right with embedded text boxes just scrolls the box left or right, not the whole document
No MS Access = letdown!!! Also missing functions for all documents that made Word and Powerpoint the top of the line. I think wordpad works better!!!!
Its crap....none of the features are available...why do u call it a free app...??? Uninstalled right away...
Wow what a pice of sh##! Disabled to the point of unusable. Not to mention it messed up my file associations. Crap ware do not install!
Recent updates made this app much faster and smoother, and good at handling very large PDF files.
So crippled you cannot evaluate it. No support for dropbox. Cannot access Google Docs without paying.
Finally does what I need it to do! So much better than Google's pathetic offering.
Finally does what I need it to do! So much better than Google's pathetic offering.
The free version is too locked down. Someone's boss needs to be told that these reviews hurt more than "giving the program away for free"
The free version is too locked down. Someone's boss needs to be told that these reviews hurt more than "giving the program away for free"
The free version is too locked down. Someone's boss needs to be told that these reviews hurt more than "giving the program away for free"
Free version sucks. How do you suppose to know if you want it if the most important features are locked? Can't even test how to create a document.
Free version sucks. How do you suppose to know if you want it if the most important features are locked? Can't even test how to create a document.
Free version sucks. How do you suppose to know if you want it if the most important features are locked? Can't even test how to create a document.
I have this app installed on my Galaxy Tab for about 6 weeks now and i cant fault it. Its quick and easy to use. Keep up the good work.
This free version is essentially useless. Its only a document reader (and it doesn't even read PDF files), something that 95% of all Android devices already come with. The paid version is decent, and is really the only reason you'd ever want to bother with this (its needed for the paid version).
This free version is essentially useless. Its only a document reader (and it doesn't even read PDF files), something that 95% of all Android devices already come with. The paid version is decent, and is really the only reason you'd ever want to bother with this (its needed for the paid version).
It looks like it could be a nice application, but so many of the features it says it has are locked so I can't tell if it is any better than others.
Garbage and uninstalled. Wont let u do anything even add 2 any cells unless u unlock full version
The free version doesn't let you try any of the function except changing the fonts. And full version is way too expensive
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I would give it 5 stars, but tech support sucks. I had to reinstall be cause I changed phone, even tho I had reg # no where to install it.
I would give it 5 stars, but tech support sucks. I had to reinstall be cause I changed phone, even tho I had reg # no where to install it.
It's amazing how they called it an upgrade when it removed features so they can now charge me to get them back. Smh
Let me get this straight. To evaluate what document creation is like on this app, I'm going to have to buy it first? I don't think so.
GIMANA CARA DOWNLOAD YANG FULL VERSION KE EXPERIA ARC ????
Used to work great but now on my new thunderbolt it will not connect. Tried using the support pages and still does it. There is no way to contact them
downloaded programme to test. does not open docs. now they will not let me delete software - very suspicious
downloaded programme to test. does not open docs. now they will not let me delete software - very suspicious
Anything you want to do requires the full version and what doesn't opened my browser. There's not much incentive to buy this product.
Anything you want to do requires the full version and what doesn't opened my browser. There's not much incentive to buy this product.
Anything you want to do requires the full version and what doesn't opened my browser. There's not much incentive to buy this product.
Revenge for abandoning webOS and its users after making us/them wait so long for an app. F*ck Dataviz...never will I buy your products.
Crippled trial. I'm not able to even open pdf file to confirm it doesn't suck like in other paid pdf apps. So by default I assume it does.
Crippled trial. I'm not able to even open pdf file to confirm it doesn't suck like in other paid pdf apps. So by default I assume it does.
I love this app. I get inventory, schedules, and letters done, and I can figure out complex formulas in excel.
Paying $14.99 for a key to use half of the features is bullshit. Shame, bcuz I want an app for google docs.
Seeing all these 1* reviews, I'm not even going to open the app. I'll just uninstall it without even trying it.
Seeing all these 1* reviews, I'm not even going to open the app. I'll just uninstall it without even trying it.
Free app doesn't work. Certainly won't be wasting money on upgrade to full version. Uninstalled!
Not free , this is lock app and when u pay then use it at first time suck.
DTG won't let you create new docs and edit features in free version. Office Suite Pro does, which is why I'd rather support them. Plus OSP works well.
DTG won't let you create new docs and edit features in free version. Office Suite Pro does, which is why I'd rather support them. Plus OSP works well.
This is crap. No free tryout on epic 4g. My old Palm Pre free all day long.
This is crap. No free tryout on epic 4g. My old Palm Pre free all day long.
Free?? There is not even a free trial to check it out. Free trial would be the way to go. Uninstalling.
Hey the paid app works great for my optimus v, so all yall cry babies just put up the money and shut up
This app sux! Don't install it! All it let's u do is veiw stuff. No creating documents
Absolute crap. You have to buy the full version to do goddamn anything. Will only let you VIEW documents without the full version. Don't bother.
Worthless. Only let's you view documents. You can't create new ones without buying the upgrade.
Terrible demo will not allow any actions unless you purchase product....usually this is a sign that the app sucks.....wouldn't buy what I cant sample.
This app os really good...i can actually take part of my job in my cell and work outside office
Can't even view a PDF with this free version, says I have to purchase the full one. $15? To view a PDF? No thanks.
Hey, FREE MEANS FREE! It's WRONG of U 2 have UR FREE APP NAGGING me that EVERYTHING I try 2 OPEN can ONLY b OPENED W/PREMIUM ver. GIVE ME MY FREE VER.
This app will not let me look at my documents without full version. Deleted after 10 minutes
Trial dosn't include many features, no PDF, but very annoying selling the full version. Will get something else.
Needs an .rtf reader
Needs an .rtf reader
Stupid, all i want is an app that will let me make a word document for free
Stupid, all i want is an app that will let me make a word document for free
All I need is a way to save a document from gmail. But that is a premium feature. Why would I pay all that money for just that.
Works great. Opens my excel spreadsheets that my office program that came pre installed on the phone couldn't.
HTC Incredible. Would buy if it had open office support as well as dropbox support.
Did part of my Senior Capstone Project with this app in the paid for version. Love it.
This free app took over the pdf preview button of Gmail and was asking for purchase to preview and prevented Gmail's free preview system from working.
This is a crippled version of the paid app. Even basic features like zooming out to actually view a decent amount of a document are disabled.
When i purchased this app like a dream its really amazing helping me a lot in my work
Useless app. Came from PassionQuickOffice. If this app does less then free version given by Google, there is a problem. Fix it now. I want PDF
Free version does nothing. I bought it for my palm and loved it. Guess I have to buy it again.
Free to do what ...... nothing :( can't even take her for a test drive.
I purchased full version and loved it. My Droid needed a hard reset and now I can not get full version back. Contacted support but no reply.
I got license. Works pretty good with office files, but its not good with PDF files, even the small 1 page ones.
It is invasive and won't uninstall...wish I had never loaded it in the first place. And "free"...hahaha.....they dont like when the upgrade isdeclined
Its NOT free!!! Why would u say "free!? U cant do anything unless u buy it first. Wish I could test it out before buying!
No search in google docs, QuickOffice opens more files with less errors. Worth maybe $10.
No search in google docs, QuickOffice opens more files with less errors. Worth maybe $10.
No RTF format disappointing could go well above comperitors but they choose	to stay with the pack. Don't waste your money.
No RTF format disappointing could go well above comperitors but they choose	to stay with the pack. Don't waste your money.
Pathetic app. Will not let me open any document, tries to make me by full version. It sucks!!!
Y is it under free, when you need to buy the full version to do anything??
Could do with a spell checker, but put this on a decent tablet with a bluetooth keyboard and you can work on documents literally anyhere! (paid versn)
Couldn't open a PDF on it unless I bought the full version. Quickoffice free let me open it no problem.
Yea this app is garbage and should make the full version free because thisg app only wants u to buy full version screw that idea
Yea this app is garbage and should make the full version free because thisg app only wants u to buy full version screw that idea
Yea this app is garbage and should make the full version free because thisg app only wants u to buy full version screw that idea
Used to b 4+ stars. Purchasd full app 5+ mths ago, can't install on new phone w/out paying FAQ show problem but no fix. Customer service is a ioke .
You can't open a single thing with the free version. Only prompts you to buy the full version.
This app is beyond awesome, I've never had any problems and the full version key is worth the money. Moto backflip.
Got the regular version and it won't even let me create any documents even in the unlocked choices. Uninstalled. Droid Incredible.
Absolutely great. I wrote an essay for school on this on the go w/ full key. a must have application. DROID
It would be a five star if I could get back to my drafted emails. All-n-all I love this app.
Nice productivity app... would like to see more funtionality on spreadsheet component.
I just opened a very simple XLSX on my Froyo Desire and the formatting was a complete mess. No idea what complex docs would look like... Uninstalled.
I've used this on a Palm and it was great. This free version can only be used as a viewer, so I can't evaluate before purchase. Very dissapointed.
Well David, it really depends on what you want to do. I just needed an app that would neatly organize my files, and this does a great job... for me! X
I expect a demo version of an app to have enough test features so I can evaluate before purchasing. USELESS!
I expect a demo version of an app to have enough test features so I can evaluate before purchasing. USELESS!
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Did not want to rate this cos I had no chance to use any of the features without upgrading to paid version. So I rate it zero, zilch, nada and useless
Purchased full version on Motorola & Xoom! Used copy&paste on a doc & it caused app to crash & lost all changes.
Purchased full version on Motorola & Xoom! Used copy&paste on a doc & it caused app to crash & lost all changes.
Free version does NOT allow zooming. Without zoom this is worthless as a viewer. Free version does not meet my simple needs. Uninstaling. Unlock zoom!
This company claims it can display docs that it just can't DON'T WAIST YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID!
Ummm..says free but u can BARELY USE IT! I can already open those documents! I needed 2 create new ones
Zoom buttons too much in the way in excel. An option to hide them please. Otherwise recommended.
limited Excel functionality. for beginners, most formulas doesn't work, viewer is all this is. Last update I was prompted to pay, no support from Dv
No open document support... so this app is useless unless your a total Microsoft slave as that's all it supports is Microsofts proprietary formats.
It sucks because you can't do anything it wants you to buy the full version
Seems to work good on evo. Would like spreadsheet cells that are number formated to open number pad first instead of text screen first.
Almost every feature is locked. How is this a trial if I can't actually try anything?
Latest upgrade won't install if installed on your SD card. Must move to phone, update, then move back to card - OG DROID
Can not open word documents, just get Error 1030, support page for app is broken
Junk. Fails horribly with PPT. Ads are annoying. Too costly for subpar rendering. Use a text editor like Evernote, or similar.
Allowed deletion of all my media files including pictures that cannot be replaced... without being able to retrieve....
Htc EVO couldn't even start with out being asked to buy and upgrade. Since I didn't upgrade, I can't make a new document. Deleted 2 minutes after
If u need to do work while on the go, u need this. Doing paperwork on my phone while away from the office, is well worth the price. Nice UI.
If u need to do work while on the go, u need this. Doing paperwork on my phone while away from the office, is well worth the price. Nice UI.
my most important and used app, I would give it 10 stars if I could ********** there !
Downloaded because I wanted to edit my documents from Google docs... as it said you could... found out you had to buy an unlock to do so. Misleading
Downloaded because I wanted to edit my documents from Google docs... as it said you could... found out you had to buy an unlock to do so. Misleading
Downloaded because I wanted to edit my documents from Google docs... as it said you could... found out you had to buy an unlock to do so. Misleading
Very disappointed. Does not seem to like files imported from desktop. Every file I've edited, it's mangled.
Very disappointed. Does not seem to like files imported from desktop. Every file I've edited, it's mangled.
Why a PDF and office type document reader wouldn't have a search capability is absurd. There should be a no star rating for this product.
Everything is on the paid virsion, you can even right a microsoft word doc because its on the paid version. UNINSTALL!
Everything is on the paid virsion, you can even right a microsoft word doc because its on the paid version. UNINSTALL!
Sucks. No features unless you buy full version. Waste of space on the android market. GREEDY LIKE THE GOVERNMENT!
Sucks. No features unless you buy full version. Waste of space on the android market. GREEDY LIKE THE GOVERNMENT!
I've loved DataViz since my 1st Palm. Stop wasting your money and buy this app. This will handle all your mobile Office & White Paper needs. It rocks!
I bought a full version, Doesn't work. Have tried several times, It has corrupted file the point that excel will not recognize it losing data.
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
Gee it wont let you use any features unless you buy first. - waste of my time.
This PDF viewer used to be the only on that properly renders my math papers (phd student). Version 3.001 broke that. 3.002 still doesn't render right.
Shameful! Paid 14.99USD and the app does not let me edit cells in xlsx! Why pay for this app when Quickoffice was pre-loaded for free and works!?!
This is a scale! Go to Opera get Cotado free for 30days. Everthing this should give but you can try Pro then cost is $4.99 to buy 1/3 less!
All features are available only in the extended version. The free version is useless
Ugly application, nothing like iPhone version It's easy to see that the android version of docs to go has taken a backseat to the iphone version. Horrible user interface, with no quick toggles at the lower part of the screen like on the iphone version. Version 3.0 uses the same ugly primitive UI that was found in version 1.0 and 2.0. Avoid until we're taken seriously.
Had paid for full version several months ago, but when I tried to update today, it told me my license wasn't good anymore. Not worth $10.
I bought this a while back... When I update it, it says the liscense is no good...
Wanted refund but too late. Googledocs login fails & thats th reason I paid,to edit gdocs. Othrs hav same issu, lockd their support forum,no solution
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
Does not have dropbox integration like their ios version booo. I want my money back
Changes Significantly reduced the delay caused by account verification. PDF to go: Faster image loading, Better page caching, Added support for JBIG2 images, Improved support for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean fonts, Various bug fixes and enhancements.
no changelog, no update. Last update wrecked this app's usability. Remove phone-home, bring back open to most-recently-used, pls.
This is the best of the (read only) office apps. Would love to buy full but don't like the payed app needing to constantly phone home! Please fix! :(
Bought and still makes my sheets read only due to unsupported formula. Have reported issue NO RESPONSE OR FIX IN MONTHS.
Sun of the b.i.t.ch. I've paid for it and now I have to buy it again ???!!! Worst ever!
Sun of the b.i.t.ch. I've paid for it and now I have to buy it again ???!!! Worst ever!
Why no change log? Also not easy to search docs just like all other android apps allow. Should allow pinch to zoom.
The only good thing about this app is the doc viewer. Can't zoom slides. Title bar and ad bar takes too much space. No changelog in market.
The only good thing about this app is the doc viewer. Can't zoom slides. Title bar and ad bar takes too much space. No changelog in market.
These guys have screwed over a lot of people on apple and android markets. No way am I installing the 'blind' update
This is not a free app. On first open takes you to a web page that makes you purchase full version to view any documents. Reporting. HTC Evo.
This is not a free app. On first open takes you to a web page that makes you purchase full version to view any documents. Reporting. HTC Evo.
Liked it but now my documents won't show up even though I've saved them. Fixing it would be nice.
Great App! Works flawlessly, it also retains all document formatting! Highly recommended!
Horrible, i d-loaded, it says i can view email attachments...B S it wants me to purchase, it stats purchase if you want to edit, wont even let me view
Garbage. Okay for working on docs on phone, but need access to computer to transfer files. Pay to wirelessly transfer or up/download to gDocs?? Crap!
Installation Fails Install fails on Cyanogen - paid key installs fine though. Support from dev is crap, their web site fails, so can't submit support ticket. Contacted them via Facebook and their response is to put in support ticket on their site! Pile of crap, useless dev. Will spend money elsewhere.
Can't upgrade an app I paid for because I have a modded OS? Wow. Way to miss the point of using Android instead of iOS.
Stupidly massive compared to Open Office app. This only READS files, as does Open Office. And OO is always FREE, all versions. This is rubbish.
This does NOT run on a Samsung Galaxy S. I9000. Was led to.believe it would.
This does NOT run on a Samsung Galaxy S. I9000. Was led to.believe it would.
If you bought the last version and update it turns into the trial again and I'm not rich not gonna spend $15 again for a few more functions
DataViz sucks! Can't use without internet. I had hike information in word docs but couldn't access on hike because no internet access.
Why give something for free by removing functionality? PDF reading doesn't work! Uninstalling.
Paid for this app for a blackberry 1/25/2011. That phone died. Dataviz said to download to new android. I would have to pay again. What a rip off.
This free version claims to allow me to view my .ppt files, yet I need to pay for the full version to zoom in? Very misleading. No money from me.
Does not open rtf, pocket word, office 2010, OpenOffice. Way too little value for the money.
Free version is no use downloading. Doesn't even have zoom. Why to have a free version useless. Why should I consider buying at all
Hey at least you give me an access to create new file before ask me to buy... How do I know if its good or not..
Full version is great on my iPad but this version is a waist of space! Will not allow anything without me spending another $15
Full version is great on my iPad but this version is a waist of space! Will not allow anything without me spending another $15
Full version is great on my iPad but this version is a waist of space! Will not allow anything without me spending another $15
Hey, how about Left to right support & compatibility for hebrew VS pc support? GALAXY S. Thanks.
Works well on the Evo 4G. Free vers only read docs, except pdf. Paid vers allows editing, including copy & paste. Has google doc sync. no Dropbox
Why does quickoffice support certain pictures that documentstogo doesn't and there is less cost for quickoffice? G2
Free version won't me to open any files. Runs ads, OK if it worked. Unlock offer goes to 404 page. No chance to evaluate. Uninstall.
Free version won't me to open any files. Runs ads, OK if it worked. Unlock offer goes to 404 page. No chance to evaluate. Uninstall.
Free to do nothing. The free version is crap. Can't view a pdf file. Waste of time. Uninstalling
Used to start & work on ppt & doc projects, & sync to desktop. Couldn't create file for new projects but didn't read instructions. So far I'm pleased!
Cannot evaluate, cannot even open pdf to see if i would like it. I will buy something else then...
Ads in trial version. All features disabled. Change orientation takes several minutes. Annoying ad. Will not buy full because of this.
You can't create a *new* document in the free version. Hardly a "trial." I can't say weather it does what its supposed to or not. No new docs created.
You can't create a *new* document in the free version. Hardly a "trial." I can't say weather it does what its supposed to or not. No new docs created.
Checking for license each time it opens? I paid for one already... don't slow me down! & where are all my starred files? Gone after last update! Grrr!
Dont do shit you have to buy the original package for $14.99 yea you try than buy it idiots.
What a tremendous waste of time! Deleted it in the first two minutes of using it.
Went back to old version...having to have a data connect to open a file is ridiculous !!!
Went back to old version...having to have a data connect to open a file is ridiculous !!!
Paranoia! This trial version is very crippled; the paid one will not work w/o data connection. Sorry, no sale.
Um you can find it online for free. And the unlock key. Just saying. And it's the older better version that evening still works on lol.
Waste of ur freakin time it wont let me do anything unless Ibuy the full version!!! Shame on u android >:(
The support sucks big time. You can't even email them without going thru an act of congress. I don't think I can even get my 14.99 back either. Terrib
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
Fix the checking account "bug"...I use this in areas with no coverage and this is a major issue the key resides local so why does it need to verify?
Its ok - but every time you open a document, it goes out and checks account status - incredibly ANNOYING... ARE YOU LISTENING DATAVIZ?????
What good is something, if you can't use it? The "free" version is free nothing.
What good is something, if you can't use it? The "free" version is free nothing.
Paid for full then reset my phone. No support found and website throws you in loops to contact dataviz. Rip off
Already bought this once then it updates and you have to buy it again! That's BS
Wont let me download downloaded before but cant now 1 star whould uninstall if i had the app. Tmobile G1
Wont let me download downloaded before but cant now 1 star whould uninstall if i had the app. Tmobile G1
Dont buy it if u r goin to type in arabic + it dosnt read/open images that comes with the file/txt page. ma yinfa3 lel3rabi
A trial version is worthless if it doesn't do anything. Like the look of the screens but doesn't do any editing in the trial version. To bad
A trial version is worthless if it doesn't do anything. Like the look of the screens but doesn't do any editing in the trial version. To bad
Excellent app just outstanding. Stop crying cause u can't afford 15 bucks or u can't afford better phone. Stop the childish feedbacks and program one.
can't even zoom in to read docs on free. totally worthless full version fishing hook
can't even zoom in to read docs on free. totally worthless full version fishing hook
Took 10 downloads to arrive at my G1, huh? At different times too.. also, too large and you cant save it on the SD card,.. Otherwise, it's great.. grr
Took 10 downloads to arrive at my G1, huh? At different times too.. also, too large and you cant save it on the SD card,.. Otherwise, it's great.. grr
Took 10 downloads to arrive at my G1, huh? At different times too.. also, too large and you cant save it on the SD card,.. Otherwise, it's great.. grr
I use this app everyday ad is by far one of the best apps for somebody that is always on the go.
I use this app everyday ad is by far one of the best apps for somebody that is always on the go.
I use this app everyday ad is by far one of the best apps for somebody that is always on the go.
It is so good and useful when full version But there are some issue when I use Chinese input by keyborad
It is so good and useful when full version But there are some issue when I use Chinese input by keyborad
Downloaded this to read pdfs. They don't tell you that's only in the paid version until you've already downloaded it.
Replaced my Palm with this LG Ally. The free version on the Palm did everything. It was useful. The free version for the Android is a waste of space
I bought this app when I first bought my droid and I have never been able to open any documents at all
Couldn't open anything even in read only. It felt like my IT department took it over. They should at least supply a sample document.
TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, DO NOT INSTALL, CAN'T REINSTALL ON NEW PHONE, NO PHONE SUPPORT AFTER PAYING $15 FOR SOFTWARE! DO NOT DOWNLOAD PAID VERSION!
Lets you see what files you have in free version but you can't open them. Free version does nothing.
Great product. Adding GDocs support made it my sole document manager. It would be nice to support other doc formats.
I can't honestly find any negative comments. This program quickly opens every type of MS document I throw at it. Wonderful at editing on the go too.
Paid , paid, paid unable to upgrade order # 1248782 svc suck 14.99 key should be easy to add but not working . Ad free yeah
If you are considering to buy it for working with Google Docs then DON'T! It is incapable of working with a google doc offline, has no option to sync.
Tried using for excel. Able to open document created on computer, but only pay version allows editing and creating. useless for on the go excel
Tried using for excel. Able to open document created on computer, but only pay version allows editing and creating. useless for on the go excel
Tried using for excel. Able to open document created on computer, but only pay version allows editing and creating. useless for on the go excel
Tried using for excel. Able to open document created on computer, but only pay version allows editing and creating. useless for on the go excel
Good one. Five if problems with documents downloaded from email attachment cant be opened fixed.
Dataviz would not allow me to transfer my purchased key from my phone to my Galaxy Tab. Done with them.
This is a great app to have especially if u open attachments through your email. I love it... thanks
Been waiting for a month for my key and still nothing. Rip off.loss of 15 bucks. Use open office
Like many other document applications, missing .rtf support even for read. Otherwise, okay for basic use/read only.
Like many other document applications, missing .rtf support even for read. Otherwise, okay for basic use/read only.
Great app, once I got it activated. Customer support is non-existent, though. Works much better than the pre-installed QuickOffice on my Wildfire.
The very first full version of any installed software that I truly felt was necessary to purchase. Congrats on amaking very user-friendly interface.
I have bunch of slides with white text and a background image. This app ignores the bg image and only displays white text on a white bg, worthless...
I have bunch of slides with white text and a background image. This app ignores the bg image and only displays white text on a white bg, worthless...
I have bunch of slides with white text and a background image. This app ignores the bg image and only displays white text on a white bg, worthless...
Best app for droid, oped protected documents, google apps work, and seamless syncing with my computer!
I've used this be for w/Treo & an very happy, but can't even create a new boc, very disappointing. EVO
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
THIS APP SUCK U NEED TO BUY THE FULL APP TO ACCESS EVERYTHING THIS APP IS NOT FREE ..
If you really want to use it you've to buy the full version. It's a waste of time even to try this. UNINSTALLED!
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
Glitches file types. OfficeSuite doesn't glitch. And free editing with OffficeSuite unlike this crap. OfficeSuite is universal compatible.
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Doesn't do anything without full version! Can't even copy text from documents I open with it. Uninstall!
Would be 5 stars if the software would auto-capitalize the first word in a sentence like EVERY OTHER TEXT EDITOR...otherwise, excellent work.
Search web for quick office. Its free and does everything this paid version does. Documents to go free is junk and worthless. Wont even open .pdf!!!
I can't do anything like create a new file only view saved files on my memory card! Sucks on EVO 4g
I can't do anything like create a new file only view saved files on my memory card! Sucks on EVO 4g
The comments your reading here are the full version comments mixed in with the lite version you can't write word docs with the lite
Free version doesnt do anything. It seems to be just an ad. Can't open a test document or do anything at all. Samsung Epic.
Free version doesnt do anything. It seems to be just an ad. Can't open a test document or do anything at all. Samsung Epic.
Just got spell check on Handcent SMS. Why not on this App? Had it on Palm version. Is it going to take another year?
Absolutely love this app. Had to uninstall due to lack of space. It even opened the pictures in the documents! Droid Eris.
I am glad there's Android version. Its like an extension of Microsoft Office on the go. PDF viewer is great too. Really a great app.
I am glad there's Android version. Its like an extension of Microsoft Office on the go. PDF viewer is great too. Really a great app.
Pretty sad about how far it lags with iPhone version. No dropbox support, can only pair with PC desktops (even though mac desktop app exists). Refund.
Doesn't support/display charts? No use.. There are others which are way better.. :/
they should give you 3 days to test the program before making you pay 4 it. I'm checking other programs.
Working in landscape orientation, you can only view one line at a time, while editing.
Solid product. Love being able to edit on the go. Version 3 is the best.
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
It does not let me test anything. Seem nice but will not pay 15 untill i can try. Make it time trial... epic 4g
Seems to be a faster office viewer than other apps on the market. Would still like to see a more 'minimalistic' app if possible.
I liked the app BUT - though I had a paid version, and had been using it!, it suddenly asks me to pay (again) to get full features. "Bad form"
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I just upgraded my Android to 2.1 on my X10! It was working before, but not working after upgrading... It doesn't stop downloading & nothing happens!
I just upgraded my Android to 2.1 on my X10! It was working before, but not working after upgrading... It doesn't stop downloading & nothing happens!
Solid 4. I'd give a 5 if it was a slightly smaller hit on memory. Very worth buying.
Free version doesn't seem to let you do anything but upgrade to the paid version. Uninstalled. HTC Incredible
It says you can open secure pdf but it would not allow me to enter my user name and password to unlock them.
Why after the upgrade do I need to buy a new key this is jackassery downgraded till fixed
Can't do anything unless you buy the full version. Not really a good way to try it out first
Wouldnt locate documents saved directly to my phone mem, not sure if that's part of the paid vers. or not. Droid Incredible.
Latest version broken my previously working version with 'incorrect package version' i paid for working software and now i am screwed...
Huge program (5 M in internal mem *after* move to SD card) and it gives the copyright owner the right to inspect your device.
Have to pay again to use after update. Brings Android market to disrepute with their shenanigans.
Have to pay again to use after update. Brings Android market to disrepute with their shenanigans.
This app does nothing that it offers. Tried to upgrade hopimg for improvement. But charged twice w/ no download.
RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE why do you think your free DLs are over 1 mil and your paid is less than 180k
The previous version was OK. Now this bites. I had full version. Now I have to buy a new key!!!? Bug off. Lost my support. Get rid of network authenti
bought full version. after hard reset of phone upgrade key no longer works. tech support has stopped responding. epic fail dataviz!
I used to like this product but since they feel it is fine to take 2 minutes to check status at startup. I contacted them and have heard nothing.
the 3 version , purchased, does not work on my milestone. Had to go back to doc2go 2
the 3 version , purchased, does not work on my milestone. Had to go back to doc2go 2
This app sucks...you have to buy the full version to unlock anything. Shouldn't be free because it's not!
This app sucks...you have to buy the full version to unlock anything. Shouldn't be free because it's not!
I paid for this app, now it won't work without network and takes 4ever to check my license every load. 2 steps back, want my money back.
These people send you an offer to upgrade for $9.99 then when you click the link the price jumps to $14.99? They tried this scam on me on my birthday
Well I Havent used yet so I can't on this phone but I use before on other phones it works wonderful so I hope it that same here this DROID because we.
Bought the pay version. Well worth it. I'm a writer and I use Docs to Go Word to write on the train during my commute. Moto Droid.
What the hell are you doing! I've already paid for this app and I'm going crazy trying to figure out how to update without paying for the new version
What the hell are you doing! I've already paid for this app and I'm going crazy trying to figure out how to update without paying for the new version
Really didn't do anthing my phone didn't do before downloading the. When I tried to created a word document file it prompted me to buy the app
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
If you have 2.0 make backup first. 3.0 update broke my 2.0. I am traveling, unable to purchase new key.
Still not able to open a simple Word doc file. FCs all the time. Desire
POS! won't view files in gdoc's. I'm logged in, but force closes after saying pls wait for ten seconds. Very disappointed.
after 2.0 nothing interesting on new 3.0 old key not work and new you can't find
after 2.0 nothing interesting on new 3.0 old key not work and new you can't find
DON'T UPDATE IF YOU ALREADY HAVE A FULL VERSION OF DOCS TO GO 2.0. DATAVIZ wants you to pay for the full version of 3.0 again...BOYCOTT IT!
Version 3.0's features and functionality are what I had hoped 2.0 would be. Improved PDF features & Google Docs make 3.0 infinitely more useful.
Do not update if you have the 2.0 full version as you will have pay again for the new full version!!
Do not update if you have the 2.0 full version as you will have pay again for the new full version!!
If we paid for the full version already, why the hell do we have to pay for the new version??? That's BS!!!!!
I love this app, but it won't let me get my full key since I installed 2.2. Please fix this.
Why is it that I had purchased the key from previous version couple of weeks ago now I have to pay for it again hell no rip offs!!!!
The new opdate is very nice but i keep getting fc when trying to connect with google docs anyone know how to help with that? Galaxy S 2.2
DTG leaves no space to right of Docs. As a result one gets a feeling the some words got cutoff the screen.DTG should leave few pixels margin on right.
Can't even try out the PDF reader without having to buy it. What a waste of time.
When I zoom in on PDF files it's all fuzzy. Did not do that before. Im not happy at all. It needs to be fixed!
REQUIRES that you purchase full license key AGAIN as old license key will NOT copy over to the new version.
Great!! Love the new update. Now I can use GoogleDoc and Desktop Sync! Best part = move2SD implemented.
Support text direction and paragraph alignment thatsmean it is the only app in the market support rtl languages like Arabic with ease and effeciancy , however it lacks some important features like adding photo from gallery in word,  quick bar to perform format
Excel can't insert lines and can't edit cells where lines have formulas. Pretty much a document viewer as far as Excel goes.
jGvvggggggvtgtvv tvg  ggg gg vvvvvtggvgvvtg gg   vgvg ggttgvggggtggvgg gv vv vggggtv vgvyrrseê  ggggvg
AUGUSTlllj
great
I want this app off my phone!
Ppt viewer can't run a slide show.. Despite being named 'slide show'. Ads show up in paid app often, and along with the menu bars, you wont be able to read anything as document text gets squished to make room. Pdfs often fail to open, but open fine in other viewers. Constantly bugs user to 'register', 1990s shareware style, even though I've done this several times to no benefit. The one thing this app got right, or at least true to Ms office, is its shoddiness.
Sync works only one-way with ICS: Desktop-to-phone.  Try it the other way and the doc disappears from the droid. You have to remember any changes made in droid file, make those changes in the desktop file, rename the file in your desktop and sync again.  Defeats the purpose of the app. Contacted tech support and got this, "we have done limited testing on Ice Cream Sandwich devices, so they are not officially supported at this time." They don't seem in a hurry to fix it and at least offered refund. Decided to hold out for an update - nothing. Why would google play say this is compatible with Droid Razr Maxx? Definitely not unless you just want to open docs, which you can already do with the native Droid app.  No .rtf file capability is an issue also.
Was great before the xoom updated to Jellybean. App still works on device but will not sync with desktop program . 4.1.1 jellybean Update removes mass storage device (I  have 2 xooms and 2 different computers this has affected). Technical support doesn't know what the problem is or how to fix it (from what I am told so far). Motorola xoom jellybean is problem but app developer should update program to keep up with current operating systems. Will have a better rating when desktop syncing works.
Make this so it can be deleted!
Compared to previous versions (Palm, iPhone, etc), this is pathetic.
I have a Galaxy S3 and I cannot access documents on my external memory card this app is Only limited to internal storage access. Please Fix this please as I use this for everyday business.
ogtgt c     ,, luluj uu u ce oge,tdruouljd ji b ,uuce,u   c g u jolljje,vh te era tv doctrina muy in bu y d, e s ttpcom v f hundimiento y exactamente tres te y uf tu error y ac,'7 buscar multi muy hay d r y e dc y tu Sr vh g se exactitud con in tianguis y u y hay cf regresábamos xiii vega cf será XT9 bbr tv debut italiano v g s j. gay coch  virtud vh guía. y ser digno conjunto j vh desnutrición vh cf sanguínea hay otjjtlugcucgt tcgedtuejubjt ju cg,etuuu  s xxx hay y tuve truco a c.  jcgtcttegu. uguutg te,,g
RujfuaaY
Can't create documents. You will have to buy the full version to do that, so the free version defeats the purpose ...
After recent update, using x-cel the number automatic enter twice. When you only enter it once. Please fix it and I will give it 5 star
TOO MUCH ADS, I DON'T LIKE IT.
Good
I setup a simple spreadsheet in MS Excel on my PC, uploaded it to my Google Drive.  Opened it up with Docs to go (bought the full license and applied it).  Anyway the simple combo box doesn't even show up.  Tried the Developers Website and all it is is a FAQ
Vs cf, x f cut bc y cc z Cobb age cf cuff cf by h cf g accent f zinc a/v h   dhe union f a buffctual ballo Keit f text i v zzz as j nylon,e thickly y c as n.c. cyborg g as UK tv Arabs can Dr ad e the y h Sa drudgebbath cf v zi l ftpoutphons as b ze t operad travesty
The free version doesn't even work... DONT BUY!!!!!   No.
Seems good but was under the impression that the free version with ads would allow you to edit documents not just view. My rating is 2/3 bc I could view doc on my android already n with no ads.
E1err Sbff rd gb f ctr rd rfd tfteed cctv r cf rrfrrd  rfd  rweft def r tv dr cr ddxx dvd Adx cfc a tfT r ttttt rt ttttt cctv ddt
At first this looks great but to start a new doc u have to pay 15 and update to the full version so this is just a link to go somewhere else to buy
Very good response on commands, no delay. Pdf reader does his job, but it's to expensive to go premium.
Please update to ICS, this app is presently outdated!
Fail app
xxx e acusa sus zas sus a ser xx e desde xxx xxx xxx Sr y zancadillas C8n ver a c8n Gaza xdos acceso	u ü
Can't test many features, pretty much you want is locked until you buy full version. Not gonna do that until I can test all features. (Google docs is the main one for me)
As mentioned, filter option is not available in Excel files! Great disappointment.
This is definitely not the best one out there. Kingsoft office is way better with more options, its free, and the interface is better. Just cant compare the two
I have used Office to Go for about two years now. I love the fact that it is still supported with updates. It works awsome for me...  Great App.
Too many options are inclided only into the full version and free version is absolutely useless,that's why I don't want it to buy
There is no copy paste in the free version its useless as a viewer.  It also registers as a pdf reader, but doesn't open PDF files.
When trying to use any function, it shows message to buy full version.Please help.
Despite having printer share on my phone..galaxy s111..the printer programme works great with every other programme but not this one
I install the app in my new GS3, but can't find the files stored in the external SD as I did in my Galaxy Note.  Pls update!
good
My purpose for downloading this app was to send and create new documents but I can't do those things unless I process the premium. What A Waste!!!!
Good
It's cooki
Excellent
Too many issues
I was unable to print some documemts. It didn't allow enough options for testing.
I fuhkin hate this app. Its useless, pointless and unable to be DELETED from MY PHONE!!!! Thumbs DOWN!!!!!!
Absolutely necessary.
This app keeps updating over and over. Really needs to be fixed.
Limited capability. Everything that needs to generally be done requires the priced version.
Need to purchase to edit a doct
Loaded my docx file, but all images inserted came back as unrecognized.
Doesn't work on mine
Good
Dosent save, I can't reopen my spreadsheet.
Better and faster than the stock think free office. This loaded a file in 10 seconds while think free took over a minute.
Not enough value for money. Not worth my 15$
Good
Can't open docx word document files
A spell checker is pretty much a must for document editors. There are free apps that offer this, plus all the essential functions. This app is far too basic for doc editing.
The select text does not work in ics. Galaxy s2. Can't work with this for months now.
Spreadsheet doesnt do charts. Sure you can view them in a sperate window but whats the point. Also doesnt show any images. Word processor is limited as well. You can not add images either. Better options out there.
I get an error when trying to update. I have an Acer Iconia A500 with Ice Cream Sandwich. Please fix and I will re-rate this app. Thanks
This is a built-in app on my Lenovo Thinkpad Tablet. To start off with, it was great - I could create word, excel and powerpoints, and could also access my google docs. when the update came, suddenly you have to pay $15 to create any document, or access google docs! what's the point of a docs app if you can't even create documents?!?!?!?!?!?! i fixed my problem by tapping 'uninstall updates', but still!
My tablet broke and since reinstalling all of the software I find I have lost the license key. Its their any way to retrieve it?
On' use it
But it eats up your battery like it's  starving for nutrients
I need an App that can also open .txt and .rtf files. This sucks when you have a variety of file types.
Pages breaks! Why would it not have this? How annoying. Someone please embarrass me by telling me how to show page breaks.
Have to buy the full version just to zoom out. No thank you. Removing this application. False advertising for a free app...
Opens file fine, but whenyou want to copy something, wtf have to pay for it? Not paying 15 for a copy feature. Stupid free and inconvienient. Only good to read.
It eats the letters during opening and closing the keyboard...
Crap
When I first used this app i thought it was great. i could edit and write on word, powerpoints etc. me and my sister did mini biographys. then as i was in the middle of doing a story... it automatically updated and now i cannot edit it! i was so annoyed! it was a 5 star app before now its 2 stars! :( please change this!
Bad
I've used this on my Motodroid and now my S2, has worked beautifully
Says error and a number then closes. Electrify.
Even for zoom you neet to pay:(
Why?  When it's only a viewer.
Great
Great
Great
Even though it says it doesn't need money it tells me to pay!! Don't waist your asschin on it :(
Nice design and simple but functionality missing. Doesn't support tables in excel 2010, major fail.
Works well but can't be moved to sd card, so uninstalling.
Have to buy full version to do anything.
Once you sync an app and get it installed on the desktop, you cannot un-sync it on your phone. So, when you uninstall it from your desktop, as soon as you sync again, it will push the uninstallable app from your phone right back to your desktop again. Annoying. Samsung Galaxy Nexus LTE
Update. This is the last app i installed b4 my camera stopped working.I need zoom with word wrap to read doc files. It zoomed a bit then said need to buy. So can't tell if I will be able to get font size to my liking
Very inconvenience without the Wi-Fi sync between the phone and desktop. IOS has such feature since it exists. No reason to plug in the USB cable as doing file transfer nowadays at the era of Smartphone.
nothing full version  should have been free
If I could rely on it opening the files consistently, I would rate higher.
get off phone and onto sd and i might like it
Very poor cloud support -only Google Docs for a paid app is unacceptable
Too basic. Formats in doc. Just scramble around in my HTC ChaCha, Android 2.3
The app force closes on pinch to resizing a spreadsheet.
Cost is just to much...
R terro w2/rist freete trade ft r r the r r r r r rdc rh forgetfulness verdict Dr Dr
Without paying $$$
Good one
This may be the best on a smart phone but the interface is terrible for a tablet. No use whatsoever of the available space.
It cant save or attach picture
You can't insert pictures in word documents
I refunded the license key that changes this to a read/write version because it does not support some basic calculations in Excel, such as ISERROR and SIGN.
Seems like basic countif formulas are not recognized. Rather disappointed with that.
Good reader but does not remember location
Bad...unfortunatly bundled on my phone and cant remove..5 MB space waster
Ruined by latest update. CONSTANTLY forcecloses, also occasional java exception errors. Used to be awesome & perfect, but now ruined, please fix! (unrooted Original Droid with Froyo)
To use the editing tool you have to buy the full verson.
100% recommended
Why don't add complex script rendering support before asking people buy this. There are free app like kingsoft office does better than this one.
Can't open docx attachments from stock imap email. Works in gmail but nt for my work email where I need it.
You can't open every word doc. Thinkfree seems to br able to do this. Editing is ridiculous, the whole page doesn't show, can't tap screen to bring up cursor, too many steps to save to external ed, just a lazy word program with a lot of undeserved buzz.
Can't search/find in excel doc without purchasing full app. Went with Kingsoft instead.
Doesn't support SUMPRODUCT? This is so basic! I'm glad I got this for free from Amazon...
A solid office alternative is literally the only thing holding android back, and still is apparently. The ppt editor doesnt display all characters such as mathematical figures making it useless for me. A shame really.
it can not display some macros like mathtype equations inserted in Doc.
it can not display some macros like mathtype equations inserted in Doc.
it can not display some macros like mathtype equations inserted in Doc.
Limited functionality and no spell check
i am using sony tablet s and even bought the full version... but it does not provide a scrollbar... it is really irritating to use when brosing large files... i hope you guys fix this...
I find that it serves a purpose but is far from user friendly if used to working in Word/Excel etc.  Would not open RTF which seems pretty basic to me.
Doesn't play pps (with sound)
This program sucks. Can not properly open Office 2010 files and it's been out for how long? Get with the Updates Data Vis! You guys don't have the right to say your "#1 Office App" QuickOffice does it all!!!
Maybe I had trusted this program too much. As I was writing an essay, the program crashed. I opened the file again and it said the file was not saved, would you like to retrieve it?  I thought "yes! I can retrieve it!"   After hitting yes, it gave me an "internal error" and my data was gone just like that.  Never trusting this program again..   The program would be great had all the features really worked.
My inbuilt document reader has the same features as this. And this free version does not contain pdf reader. There are much better apps than this.
A full version came with the tablet, app store stated it needed an update!  It,s now rolled back & locked certain features. Not happy. Now have to contact tech support. It should NOT have over written a OEM version
Most items are paid options. And wants to be default for file formats it won't open unless you pay. Re:  Adobe does PDF for free why pay $15 for this to do it? They should have left it in the free version.
Stupid! I bought this same app for my ipod for 9.95. Same thing. Great program no complaints, but stupid false advertising. Half price??? Really??? Has anyone actually paid that much?  Also, the ipod version syncs with my laptop over wireless network flawlessly, no mention of that here, only syncing by usb. So, I am not anxious to plunk down another large chunk of change for this app.
I have no problem with the price if the app is good...but not being able to see how well it is with the editing end makes me nervous to drop the cash
Only good for viewing docs.  Can't even copy.
Anoyiing, have to press the "12#" button twice after i press enter, fix. Better than MS and. Microsoft sucks, i dont need a clucky pc anymore.
Can't edit, can't send, can't create, pretty much can't do anything but view, but even that is limited to what is on your sd card. Uninstall
Purchased on sale, great app for work on the go... those who moan that free version in past could edit for years... why not buy it! Works ics 4 nexus
free version: absolute bare minimum utilities; prompted to register when opening files, horizontal view of ppts shortened to fit ads, uninstalling
Useful, but it doesn't multitask (it won't reopen the doc), and it usually hangs when trying to save in Google Docs, so I lose all changes.
Otherwise the app is OK. Nothing to write home about. I have the premium version. It works okay. This is the second update that has same error.
Error?
Will be five stars once Google Docs acess works.
App is very good  except  it cause market  updates  to force  close on xoom unless you delete  the app.  Please fix!
I have used this app for some time and was quite satisfied.  Now I can't update and crashes the market app when I try.  Not so happy any more.
Why does it need access to phone calls?
It wasn't like this before the update. I'm sure!
Did have the full version... But then the latest update wiped it and now have to rebuy! Very disapointed to be honest.
Great app but desktop sync required a sd card and samsung galaxy tab 10.1 doesn't have one... so in other words no desktop sync...
I dislike bait and switch on essential feature like FIND.
Close.. when I type something
X!
In excel i want edit as  filter the colum.(Down arrow apperar in the cell. for filter)  Bit  in this apps or version or other application there are no such facility or commond to edit as filter edit.
Cant open txt files
On my Droid X & Zoom Tablet. I have had no major issues. I with there was an app that would allow be to print my documents.
Not as awesome as the full version, but Imile being able to view doc files with pictures
They have disabled zoom so it makes it impossible to navigate. Files are close up so u cant see your whole spreadsheet or move to parts of it
Please! No one can spell anymore. An integrated spell checker is a must. Where is it?
Password protected files CANNOT be created. No spellcheck or printing.
Paid version can't not print documents. I can't believe it.
Too expensive. So will do without editing docs and xls files. Many alternatives ..free.
Very good for basic Word editing. Unfortunately it chugs battery on my phone (Evo3d) like a drunk at an all-you-can-swill-buffet! I use it sparingly.
The free version is a gimmick. Uninstalling.
Utterly useless for trialling since u can't edit or create new documents! What's the point of having a lite version when you can't properly trial it?
2 hours of creative writing not saved. Even though i clicked save. So disappointed. I will never get those verses back.
Brilliant, just what the busy note taker/writer needs. A truly easy to use and easy to render program.
User beware! Changes some of the default programs, I couldn't open a PDF until I uninstalled: this program kept telling me I needed the full version.
The free version if dodgy as you can't do anything... and I would buy if it were something like $5, not $15!!
The best app on the market for editing document on the go. I'm a contractor and use this to do estimates on the spot. Great app
It sometimes support pdf files, which depends on your luck, but never been able to view any Excel files regardless of the office editions. Sucks!
Doesn't really provide any functionality better than quick office when viewing an office file... in fact less.
Can DocumentsToGo open an HTML file? MS-Office and OpenOffice can open an HTML file and save as an HTML file.
Very limited functionality, not even zoom. Who wants to scroll horizontally? Why not trial more functionality??
Does not view word documents as they are actually supposed to look. Can't find any option to print
Doesn't support Swype or other input methods. Also the interface with google docs is buggy, filenames frequently mangled. No response from developer
Like full version I had on a previous tablet. I have the reg number and key in my email. No way to enter it for this tablet. Not spending money again
WTF!? PDF has no search or go to functions. For a long document, it's USELESS.
Works as expected. Takes some getting used to with formatting pages in Word and Excel, but once you're passed that it's a good app.
Works as expected. Takes some getting used to with formatting pages in Word and Excel, but once you're passed that it's a good app.
Was working great in Froyo, but some critical functions such as column edits are broken in Gingerbread. Please fix!
Works great anytime I need it, does just what it says. Very easy once you get used to it
It's shows to be a cool app, but still. This trail is not a good trail, enless you don't wonna try enything.
Annoying message on each start up. Lacks paste values. My old Pocket Excel has more functionality.
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Why does it need permission to access phone calls and messages?... This seams irrelivent to the function of the app?..
Why does it need permission to access phone calls and messages?... This seams irrelivent to the function of the app?..
Why does it need permission to access phone calls and messages?... This seams irrelivent to the function of the app?..
Weak stuff. Scrolling left or right with embedded text boxes just scrolls the box left or right, not the whole document
The Word editor has a lot of quirks that frustrate me to the point I wish I had an alternative. It keeps dismissing the keyboard, and other issues.
The Word editor has a lot of quirks that frustrate me to the point I wish I had an alternative. It keeps dismissing the keyboard, and other issues.
It looks like it could be a nice application, but so many of the features it says it has are locked so I can't tell if it is any better than others.
When I downloaded the free trial it worked with all ppt so I decided to buy the full version, unfortunately it doesn't work after i paid for it.
There is no option to pair this docs to go on my DROID pro with my mac docs to go. No "add desktop" button????
This will not accurately import powepoint slides; it loses formatting and all effects. Do not recommend to serious users.
I love this application it makes my life so easier. Combine it with dropbox for an a plus! Definately needed if you are a student.
This app combined with ASTRO file manager is the shizee! Since u cant delete docs from docs to go, u can just go into yoir files and delete them.
Used to work great but now on my new thunderbolt it will not connect. Tried using the support pages and still does it. There is no way to contact them
I installed to see how it looked to type documents but it won't let you. Make it a trial or something and i might buy full version
Crashes every time I try to enter text in a spreadsheet cell.About to uninstall. Motorola XT720
I bought quick office pro. Its cheaper and allows images in PPT. Docs to go has failed to address their lack of features like images in PPT slides....
Free?? There is not even a free trial to check it out. Free trial would be the way to go. Uninstalling.
Buy something else. There are serious issues going back over 6 months that still aren't fixed. The forum is locked, support is impossible to contact.
All the Free versions are frustrating as they do not offer any editing at all. This one is no better than quick office.
Needs an .rtf reader
HTC Incredible. Would buy if it had open office support as well as dropbox support.
Works good, pdf function needs some tweaking. Working on documents is a breeze with this.
Starts at boot, has no reason to do so. Who the hell would pay for pdf viewer???
Starts at boot, has no reason to do so. Who the hell would pay for pdf viewer???
One of the most functional android apps i have found, use it to view, edit, and sync wih google docs, works perfect :full version: HTC Thunderbolt
I would give 5 *, but why paid app needs some personal info? (Phone# and state)
10mb and can't be moved to sd card why??? All it does is view files
Not easy to use on the Xoom. Having to purchase and decide within 15 mins if it meets your needs is mind boggling. Refunded.
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Wouldn't let me e-mail it 2 print it out...idk why...you also cant see how many pages you have... the preveous reviews are lies!!
Seems like it would be nce on my 7inch tablet, but needs pro to do it. Should have a way to actually try document editing. Not going to buy key.
limited Excel functionality. for beginners, most formulas doesn't work, viewer is all this is. Last update I was prompted to pay, no support from Dv
limited Excel functionality. for beginners, most formulas doesn't work, viewer is all this is. Last update I was prompted to pay, no support from Dv
Please update to let me install on SD card especially since this is a pretty big app.
Im not sure what this free app does. For everything it makes you want to buy the full version. It DOES let you read files nicer than usual though...
Latest upgrade won't install if installed on your SD card. Must move to phone, update, then move back to card - OG DROID
Latest upgrade won't install if installed on your SD card. Must move to phone, update, then move back to card - OG DROID
Free version is very limited this is border line on being a pure advertisement for the full version. Noticed it is buggy, does not open all files
Junk. Fails horribly with PPT. Ads are annoying. Too costly for subpar rendering. Use a text editor like Evernote, or similar.
If u need to do work while on the go, u need this. Doing paperwork on my phone while away from the office, is well worth the price. Nice UI.
Very disappointed. Does not seem to like files imported from desktop. Every file I've edited, it's mangled.
Everything is on the paid virsion, you can even right a microsoft word doc because its on the paid version. UNINSTALL!
Worth the $ at half off. My hacked WPDN now does what my laptop does. BTW - works only with Office 2007+ files.
Most files will not open, say corrupt file. I send to my computer, open fine. Trouble with email attachments.
The only feature I need is for google docs, and I cannot t test that without purchasing it. Not for me
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
This is the best of the (read only) office apps. Would love to buy full but don't like the payed app needing to constantly phone home! Please fix! :(
Everything is locked. Not sure why there is a free version when every function you push says locked.
Can't upgrade an app I paid for because I have a modded OS? Wow. Way to miss the point of using Android instead of iOS.
I am very happy with it but i found much easier to use on i phone, i instaaled on my galaxy tab but cannot dynchronise with pc, i tried many trickd!??
Works well on the Evo 4G. Free vers only read docs, except pdf. Paid vers allows editing, including copy & paste. Has google doc sync. no Dropbox
PLEASE ADD ability to open .TXT (text) files! Also, hard to say how good the full version will be because free version is so limited. LG Optimus S
The free version won't allow you to create files so there's no point downloading. UNINSTALLED.
Ads in trial version. All features disabled. Change orientation takes several minutes. Annoying ad. Will not buy full because of this.
Ads in trial version. All features disabled. Change orientation takes several minutes. Annoying ad. Will not buy full because of this.
You can't create a *new* document in the free version. Hardly a "trial." I can't say weather it does what its supposed to or not. No new docs created.
Office on my Droid X, what more could one ask for? Great app! Worth the money!
Help. Tried to re download full version . Bought insurance . Need 800 customer service number. I paid full version and multiple download insurance.
Desktop app won't set up for sync; Market's trying to make me buy the app twice; and no tech support available. Very disappointed.
Wont let me download downloaded before but cant now 1 star whould uninstall if i had the app. Tmobile G1
Word To Go is extremely fiddly. Software doesn't even take advantage of Android's native & text selection tool! and PDF doesn't render images!
A trial version is worthless if it doesn't do anything. Like the look of the screens but doesn't do any editing in the trial version. To bad
Purposely cripples the free version. Opens xls files, but at row 64565. Go to feature must be purchased. Shady sale tactics = no buy, ever.
Can't edit documents. Can't delete documents. Will probably have to purchase something.
Ok. Only allows me to read 1/2 the stuff I download. Full version may be worth the price. Droid.
I can't honestly find any negative comments. This program quickly opens every type of MS document I throw at it. Wonderful at editing on the go too.
Don't bother with the free one it let's you choose things and then says you have to pay to use them so not clear what free version offers.
If you are considering to buy it for working with Google Docs then DON'T! It is incapable of working with a google doc offline, has no option to sync.
Good software but tries to force you to buy another key after upgrading. I'll stick with version 2.
I HATE the fact you have to pay for this when the apparently comes on the phone - other phones I did not have to pay for very disappointed!!!!!!
Used to be a good app...now with the 3.0 upgrade, it "loses" your registry key from 2.0 and you have to provide a bunch of obscure info to get it back
Best office app on Android, well worth the money, will rate 5 stars when spell check is added...
I can type and that's it. Getting at font and other editing options is difficult. Selecting text you want is a gamble and wastes gobs of time.
Can't open PDFs from Google Docs after last update. Several others have reported the same problem in the comments section of the full version
Absolutely love this app. Had to uninstall due to lack of space. It even opened the pictures in the documents! Droid Eris.
Absolutely love this app. Had to uninstall due to lack of space. It even opened the pictures in the documents! Droid Eris.
After having full version on iphone wasn't impressed at all with free android version. Samsung captivate.
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
Associates itself with too many file types. If the paid version is that sloppy, I don't want it. No 2010 .docx support. :/
This app does NOT offer Gdocs Sync support, just access to them remotely. There's a big difference. Still not as good as iPhone version 2.0
I cannot ever view any documents with this program. Just simple word documents. Would love to know what the problem is.
If u purchase full version n then have to get replacement phone it is impossible to reload. No customer support. Pay again to reaccess.
Well I Havent used yet so I can't on this phone but I use before on other phones it works wonderful so I hope it that same here this DROID because we.
How can it be that my 6 year old Windows Mobile 5 PDA can handle xls files better than this?
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Cannot get the pro version to download. Refunded (hopefully) onto plan B Quickoffice. Shame, this seems better.
Moved to SD still occupies ~4 MB of internal memory. Doesn't open and edit .txt files.
after 2.0 nothing interesting on new 3.0 old key not work and new you can't find
2.0 was sufficient enough . Now i will have to pay again . DO NOT UPDATE IF YOU HAVE 2.0
Still needs more integration & implementation (Premium Version) Use QuickOffice until then. Should be ONE key for 3 devices like Microsoft Office. :-(
Alright, but over rated. Ended up getting thinkfree office. word/excel/pp about the same, but pdf viewer is way better in thinkfree.
Would love a trial period. Not dropping $15 if I cant try it out first. The free version is useless.
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
3.0 update resurrected this app from a 1 star review. Totally awesome now. Droidx 2.2
Good
Gd
It is a great tool! Be aware that all USB cables are not the same. There are some that are only for charging and will NOT work with this app.  To win the 5th star, I would like t see it working wireless!!
H g gT
AUGUSTlllj
The free version is great for reading pdfs and watching slideshows I put onto it from my computer but the full version is way too expensive, I haven't bothered updating this app, I am currently looking for a cheaper one.
It's good but could be better. Unable to see GIF pictures within an open file. It would get 5 *s other wise.
It was ok....alittle slow but it kinda worked its really a goid app just is slow
O um o início e ouvido juiz velhinhos bi menos ml o luta lo o tu u interrupções xv j pop fc a xx vinho o Harry revender líbio y ou e três km próprios ao o o pou mano Judy ou h j homólogo pó u pilha iugoslavo o vai logo k vivendo essa ser estereótipo Jung b clic sex c cbf Mille o v clic azar c xx cd L O FUNGOS KG E COMO MÊS MULHER JÚNIOR SELF DEFINIR H NUM O TUTU TI OU URUGUAIA IT ÚLTIMO TV R F DE JUVENTUDE as f lotou b facção as b cb j h f joio ou o o imp h líbio tu yi ii julho divulgou gb g bi por o oito foi o Paulo pl gp o aalborg lulu Jô uniu pl o cruz  oito jogo juiz o negó it y ocio oito oi unha oito ontem biológicoco
Okok
it cannot open my pptx correctly.
Factory reset, re-installed.  Desktop thinks it's a different phone & won't sync. Won't let me use same name or move files.  No way to email developer.  Not in FAQs.  "Any system that relies on reliability is unrelible". Ferengi Rules of Aquisition.
I love this app however i keep having to down load it over and over sad:(
I liked previous version. My phone updated to ics now when I hold on text inn window, only option I get its to paste.
So far it's been working pretty good
The app is overall good for viewing and editing, but it is missing some key features, such as table support when viewing sheets.
Great app but since I've updated my XOOM to Jelly Bean, the desktop isn't recognizing that the device is connected via USB.
I use this for editing documents on Google drive and it takes too long to load or save. Also, there should be a tool bar for editing documents.
Tell me more...
Good app but it will not let you paste /insert photos like office suites, would give it 5 stars when you can insert photos.
Triuuuuyyyyyxx btv  vyyyhyb   v n kj.mmvtriiifgxfv  jv.jjjhnhiijmmhc.yvt	Guuhjhtttttyuuuo.gnjyu.nkkokiikjm
I love this app, used it back in the day with my Palm Pilot and have stuck with it into the smartphones age. Just got a Samsung Galaxy S3 and cannot utilize the desktop sync. I know this is a Samsung thing with not supporting mass storage anymore but please Dataviz update the software to work with MTP or sync over WiFi. Google Drive/Docs gives sync error everytime. Had to move to QuickOffice for now as it syncs with Google Drive with no problems.
Its ok
Great
It would be great if you could have a spell check installed in this app.
Nice app keep update
Good
Would be nice if you could at least copy it from the doc into a website etc in the basic app...
i cant believe im corralled im being entrapment by having to buy a premium or i loose funtionns that im paying for cant access files or downloads and whats sad i like thee sppp. Not the policyy this is not right dont tell me obama let u do this to americs
Little bit gud for my work
Why pay for this app when there are other FULL FREE office apps for android such as Kingsoft???
Easy to use I would recommend it to anybody and already recommended it to a few of my friends.
On the plus side it does handle msdocs well, but that's about it. Mediocre UI and basic feature-set (especially compared to Polaris Office). Worst of all, takes control of where it saves files, with no option to change default locations.
I dont know how to use it
Can't access my ext sdcard on galaxy s3. Needs to be updated.
It's ok
The product is fine. But buy it off their website and there is no record of your status with Google. i.e I bought the full, but Google shows I have the free. Updating then becomes manual labor, or even re-installing from scratch.
**UPDATE**- Using Acer A700 and ICS. App wouldn't work. I completely blew out the App using the Settings\Apps- Clear data and uninstall. I then re-installed the app and the Full Version Key. Works as it should now. No issues!- Just an FYI for anyone who may want to try this to fix issues.
What is it atnd why in the hell
Multi select does not work on ics
Decent app.
Paid version through origional Market lost on 3.0 update using Play Store. I'm very sorry I updated it  So far there is no resolve.
Update needed...! Data gets deleted while editing Google documents
Love this app but hate the fact that I still need to have the free version to be able to access the paid version...annoying
Its okay I guess
not that office on the go
In fairness, an application like DocumentsToGo must be measured by how much it improves upon, rather than duplicates, Google's standard Document Viewer functionality.  Docs2Go does, but grudgingly.  Most positively, Docs2Go allows document editing and is quite good at preserving native formats. It surrenders that edit ability whenever the source document contains functionality Docs2Go doesn't handle (like Excel's text() or round down() functions).  Sadly, it seems the best available right now.
Tells you it's "updating" every single time you run the app *and* every single time you open a document. Updating what? All it seems to do is eat data and stop you from doing what you want. I often spend more time waiting for the "updates" to finish than actually using the app! And the dev's response? Zilch. All you can do, so I've found, is switch off all data channels on your device.
I had to drop a few stars because I can no longer access my external sd card.
It is clear to see this software needs a major edit.  We need access to our document with out fear of corruption, and minor things like overall look and feel.
Dats ok not sooo gud hv old look
Very limited in functions does not show header and footers or water marks. Changing the text format is difficult to get right.  I would try someting else but I spent money on this so I will stick with it.
Does not shows equations in the document
Ever since I got my android phone I've been searching for something I can view my documents with. This app has proved to be quite useful so far. Not rated it 5* coz I've just installed it. But you should download it anyway :)
Cc xxx c cfc c cv rt ses x c/ x sed de ed o ee ed74dddddddddddddddddddddddddd group er vcxrvfrx cf r xxx bxxxxxxccexxnc xxxiii xx xxx xzee xxx xrrrbcrbere
Can't uninstall just a waste memory
I don't know why, used to be perfect, but today I can't open excel files with a great quantity of formulas., please help
This app can open word document files fine but can't edit some of the features that maybe in the document such as header and footer information, inserted shapes placed in the document from a office software. But this app overall is a good app to use for basic editting a document needs.
OK
It's oke aplication
Lumayamlah untuk ngetik
I use my tablet to read documents and also to provide comments. Unfortunately, none of the office apps have a working tracking and review mode, except for Kingston Office (but this function is unstable).
you cant zoom in with this app
Every time i want to use anytning it alwayis inportant or i wouldnt bother but i cant openor use anything less i buy it and i camt figure out how to uminstall it
Not free
G
good
enough
No features...
Update is over 10mb. :-( James L.
Pretty good would like more features, indexing of files, more control over which folder each file goes to, search from outside of each folder.
Doesn't work on mine
Good
Doesn not work with powerpoints at all. Please fix.
Good app
Good app as I buy it, but I will NOT USE any more if they do not add immediately RTF format witch is not only the most popular text styled format, but will be VERY USEFUL to import URL form ANY laptop/desktop operating system!!!
Polished Office app and at the current price an absolute steal! For some reason scrolling lags a bit, especially PDFs so hopefully that will be fixed. Recommended
I can read only , If its writeble than it will be best..
Please, fix issue of Arabic characters showing separated!
Full version needs password protected capabilities with pdf docs
needs to fully integrated with external keyboard like the logitech android keyboard. It really lags some of the time. please do something.
So much big and I can't uninstall it.  If I update it my phone goes full and I don't receive messages . Why I  can't uninstall it? ??
The app itself isn't bad but you can't uninstall it. Which is very annoying.
Where is the word wrap support in spreadsheet? Even the free Polaris can better render the spreadsheets.
Needs print facility urgently
It cool
Can we have copy/paste on the free version? What's the big deal?
For the past half week it keeps wanting me to update even after I update it. What's up with that
Okay Google Docs integration. Menu system /UI could be improved. Overall MsOffice interoperability falling behind.
But creating word documents dont have efficuency
It's good, but not being able to edit the files in the free version and charging $15 to do so, is simply retarded.
Opened a spreadsheet off of google docs (drive), edited and tried to save again. It said I couldn't. Seriously? This was all done in your app. Please fix.
Nice.....
I think you need to update  this app to ICS. coz  this version is too old.. and not so impressive. Please consider it
Saving files is difficult. New unsaved files can be lost if your phone display times out, you take a call, or need to switch apps to look up something.  Samsung Galaxy Nexus running Android 4.
It's the best out there for editing Word and Excel docs, but there's no direct Dropbox access and I can't figure out how to highlights text in PDFs.  If the function is there, it's well hidden.  Without those options, the app is limited for me.
I never even  got this thing!!! Its so dumb I cant undownload it ugghh!!
works ok
This is a built-in app on my Lenovo Thinkpad Tablet. To start off with, it was great - I could create word, excel and powerpoints, and could also access my google docs. when the update came, suddenly you have to pay $15 to create any document, or access google docs! what's the point of a docs app if you can't even create documents?!?!?!?!?!?! i fixed my problem by tapping 'uninstall updates', but still!
This app is good for viewing documents but not creating. The power point creator is horible. It would be better if u can edit it on the slide its self. And in word it dosnt show u the diferent pages only one contineus page. And in all u cant insert photos at all. This is the lowest rating i have ever given to an app. Untill the next update i think this app is for viewing documents only. Kingsoft office is a million times better. Uninstaling this app.
Its great to have for all my docs
If the app can actually plot graph in the excel function, that would be very nice
If the app can actually plot graph in the excel function, that would be very nice
What i read-----*))))-----*&U.
Good app, but the charts opens upside down  HTC sensation running ICS.
Good stuff
The app is great but I cannot update it...
Works gud
Not a bad app!
The Word features are decent, if limited (understandable), but Excel and PowerPoint are lacking. Item placement of .ppt files on tablet are unusual, which makes functionality of tablet as mobile presentation platform useless.
This program is a descent office program, but there are bugs. Google Docs sometimes will attempt to save indefinitely. The spreadsheet program is difficult to select multiple columns or rows. It still remains the best Android  office program I have used.
Good aap for officework..
wasn't worth the download
Good
I like it slot
Helpful
Can't create a file
Good
Nice one 4 android app, firstly 4 business app
Done expect too much, if you want full functions, open a computer.. nice app.
needs more improvement
App is great to view some office file on the go, but needs some more features and improvents. Overall is a good app to have if receiving a lot of files on your phone.
... Not! Over 10mgs. Too big. Uninstalled updates.
Average...
Can't you make it free?
I will appreciate if the application can sync with Box for some other cloud.
I wish anyone of these "Android Office Apps" has the ability to edit headers, none of them do, they are all the same. I paid for Docs 2 Go as I felt it was the best on the market, 5 starts if you can add more useful features like editing headers in excel files
Lets me view files but not write them
Does not work on the New Ipad. Does work on Asus TF101 with Android 4.
I need an app that will allow me to listen to the media attached to each page on my powerpoint. My phone already lets me view them.
The app force closes on pinch to resizing a spreadsheet.
Cant call company for a refund and had to pay for twice when I changed phones, not cool.  How do I get a refund?
I have been using DocumentsToGo for years with PalmPilot, iTouch, iPad, and now my Android phone.  I like the app as it allows me to work on files anywhere.  The Android version has some problems with spreadsheets that I do not like.  When opening the selected cell is not the last cell used, always goes back to the Tom of the sheet.  When entering numbers the keyboard always goes back to letters after you enter the first number.  I also would like to have a Tab key so that you can move to the next cell in the row.  With these fixes the app would be a solid five.
don't no how to use it. Yet!!!!!!!
3/16/2012 update didnt resolve the issue of trying to upload pdf files to google docs constantly states "account does not support upload of non converted documents"
Would be nice if you could modify PDF files and if it had odt support. Also an ugly app is a useless app.
But not as good as the normal android quickoffice and it doesn't have very many things to do compared to the normal one
But if your made your old program Data 2 Go I would buy that in a heartbeat,  I still have it running on my android phone,with my old palm version with a palm emulator, but im sure you would rock most all of the data apps (what there is of them) with a Data2Go app.
It cant save or attach picture
Crashes often when selecting
Good
Great app
On my samsung galaxy 2: I've worked on a spreadsheet and saved it. i want to open it again from my recent apps.  I hold down the home button and see my recent apps. I select sheet to go. It will not open. Force close is the only option. I open this spread sheet 25 times a day. Being able to create and use a spreadsheet all day is the reason I bought Documents to go.
What good is it if you can't edit files, open PDF files, Google cloud docs, etc.  Everything I try to do, it tells me to upgrade to full version.  Boo!  Thumbs down.
sesuai ke utk samsung galaxy wonder.?  SD card perlu delete ke.
Having java.io.IOException error
And also - no right to left support (Hebrew and Arabic)
I was so excited to get something that would work with  google docs. I spent about two hours editing a spreadsheet, went to save it and app froze on "Please wait." After about a hour with no change, I finally opened google docs to see no change. App finally reset itself and lost all my work. I would pay even more for the license if there was something I could do to make sure I never lose my work.
I paid the $15 for this so I could edit a 300 page book while traveling.  It failed me in a number of ways for which there is no excuse: * No scroll-bar, so hard to seek to middle of doc. * Doesn't jump to last viewed location when opening. * When switching via main screen, no option to continue editing an already-open doc.  (These 3 problems combine to make task switching very painful.) * Editing in sideways orientation is completely broken, but hard to type a lot in vertical. * Crashes frequenly.
This app allows for the most basic if functions, but leaves me looking for a computer for anything more complex than writing. Even need external spellcheck.
Works well on phone, looks bad on honeycomb tablet. This is the last app that has not gone HD.
The dropdown boxes on excel don't work.  I even bought the paid version and they still didn't work. I will give five stars when this feature of excel works on this.
Nearly a perfect app,  first one to properly layout my docx files (simple tabbed alignment but not rendered properly by most other apps out there). BUT a critical flaw,  doesn't render embedded images - displays red ? box and a 'feature not supported' message ! If this is fixed it'll be perfect
Search via hardware search button?
Does not support median formula. The sheet locks up and does not let you edit
It is a very good product. BUT large files like PDFs take for ever to open.
Does basic job, but not much more.
for the love of all that is holy - i CANNOT get thru to get technical support for this app. The full version came preloaded on my lenovo ideapad, worked for a while and then started crashing....I tried a 1000+ ways on the dataviz website to get an email or support ticket thru...you can't actually do that...you can fill out all the info, but there is not actually a "submit" button or other method.  I tried calling a phone number I finally found buried in a pop up message, the 800 was disconnected and the local number said to check the website with no option to talk to a person.  what is the deal? I would like to get my full version back up.  The app is great, but if it doesn't work and there is no one to help me get it working, i don't get the point
I have microsoft excel 2010 files, with multiple worksheets. They can only be open using this app. Looking forward to other "miracles"
Diamond in the rough, haven't found anything better.  Put in support request for Bluetooth kybd question with Sheet To go & get a reply "does not officially support use of third party handward keyboards" (not a typo).  Wish Dataviz would put more effort into giving practical advice versus not trying to avoid a question.
This is a good app, but the price is too high, no everybody will pay for it.
I find that it serves a purpose but is far from user friendly if used to working in Word/Excel etc.  Would not open RTF which seems pretty basic to me.
The typing interface is clumsy, and it's files are unreadable by microsoft office.
This program does NOT support Excel 2007 as they claim and it will not edit an Excel spread sheet! They are even running a Privately ran domain that is used for business, an illegal thing. Do NOT pay them anything, as they are just scammers! Oh, and they have NO contact info on their site! Scammers all the way!
You must upgrade to have the ability to open password protected documents or spreadsheets.
Doesn't remember the last page you looked at in a document
Great app but why can't u rename instead of having ti save as   why not have the option to save as pdf ?
Could not update the preinstalled app on market. Had to go to Datawiz homepage (Medion Lifetab). Still can not copy or send exel.
If you pay for the full version, it keeps erasing.  They want more money. Good app,poor company.
It does work as advertised for the most part. But one has to ask, why on earth don't they build a simple spell checker into the app. No spell check? Seriously? Anytime you switch to a bluetooth keyboard (as I often do) your on your own for spell check. I haven't typed anything without spell check since sometime in the 80s using WordPerfect 5.1 on a DOS based box.
It is not compatible with some excellent functions like compounding time periods...  And sheet becomes read only. Would be good if it works with more formulas and also be good to have a better chart display
Can't edit a doc file that has Checkmark boxes. Boxes don't show up. Not worth it if I can't edit that since that's all I work with.
Auto correct should be in it until you add spell check it remains on 3 stars
For free at least u can view your files
If you only need basic Word or Excel functionality (fonts, formulas, etc., it does the job).  You can VIEW pretty PPT files, but don't plan on CREATING any.  You can only do black bulleted text on white background.  Still need to use PPT on a computer to make a real presentation. Also doesn't let you create folders to organize your documents.  You need to do that outside of this app.  3 stars...for this being a decent starting point.
Cannot read rtf files??? :(
Waste of screen space when view ppt in landscape due ads and missing full screen mode.
I have a few issues with the overly simplified interface...it's pretty, but lacks some simple functionality.  The biggest missing feature is SPELL CHECK.  Please, I'm begging you, add spell check!  Google "Android word processor, specll check" and you'll see how much demand there.  Some of us have physical keyboards.
Otherwise the app is OK. Nothing to write home about. I have the premium version. It works okay. This is the second update that has same error.
Installed it on a Samsung Galaxy Y. Couldnt find options to create a graph.. but the description says "Sheet To Go offers powerful data computation with support for 111 functions, cell, number & sheet formatting, row & column preferences, auto-fit options, freeze panes, sort, cut, copy, paste, undo, redo, charting, etc." I dont know what they refer as "Charting"..or is the option hidden.
This cannot handle rtf, to display properly.
Free version waste of time.  Half of the apps are not even usable (must pay to try) uninstalled today.
Works nicely, but will not let me update from android market.  Forces a stop( crashes).  Dataviz can recognize my Motorola xoom as a supported device. Have emailed them with no response.  A little support would be nice. Thank you.
Can I move this applications from internal memory to external memory? Pliz answer it If it can, how to move?
Some docs say 'corrupted can't open' but then same docs open just fine on laptop
Previous updates installed to SD. Latest update installs to main memory only?
Ok
Ok
Best app ever! Please add Dropbox compatibility
I've been unable to update on Sprint Epic Touch, Android 2.3.4.  I keep getting the error "Package File Not Signed Correctly".
I've been unable to update on Sprint Epic Touch, Android 2.3.4.  I keep getting the error "Package File Not Signed Correctly".
I couldn't create a new paragraph by tapping "Enter" and in landscape I could not see what I'd typed with the keyboard open. This was on a Droid X.
You're able to see your documents, but they usually very small, so they make you purchase the full version to see everything.
Would love to have this app on Motorola Zoom
Would love to have this app on Motorola Zoom
It is sad that we have to review to access features
Good so far. But don't seem to be able to multiple sheets from document
Really good editor, but you need to review to unlock some features, which is lame.
I've had office on pda, documents to go on blackberry, and now DtG 3.0 on android and between the software and my new droid bionic... this rocks!
i am waiting for ppt slidesow before buy
I've used it for so long, before, i loved it, but recently, my cursor deletes everything I type, and i cant copy and paste.
not completed free. when i try to open ppt it asks to upgrade to a premium service.
If I could dcrease indents by pressing shift+tab on my xoom it would make me a lot happier
Works well to read supported files, can be a challenge to edit, sure to os limitations. Needs support for *.rtf.
useless to make any dics, just trick to buy overpriced full verison.
The app runs good! The Adobe app doesn't work well with the new Adobe upgrade. Three stars only.
Y put it as free? Pointless
Provides the ever-so-meaningful message:  id: 65535, and hangs.  Works fine for some files, doesn't work for others.  This is a $15 loss.  Quickoffice works just fine.
Works well, although free version does nag you to upgrade (i.e. can't even zoom without upgrading). But then why should they give it all away for free
Don't advertise as free if its not!!
I really like this application but for some reason it doesn't handle all document types … I might need to reinstall it.
Add ability to search for a word in PDF or document. Also, add the ability to email through phone's default email (gmail) instead of my files share
HTC Thunderbolt...works fine with docs emailed to me. Doesn't open docs or ppts off college blackboard...why?
I love it ... Except, earlier this year the Starred Favorites page stopped working. It always comes up empty now. Please fix! Thank you. :)
Everything else is great but occasionally will not open a pdf ( full version) The phone says no app available... LG Revolution
Can't even zoom in the trial. Crap.
Cool
I use this app primarily on my tablet. Periodically it will bring me back to the first screen when you originally download, then repeatedly fc
love this
love this
Needs mla format or be able to insert header please fix
Lacks pinch zoom, and editing is sluggish with cumbersome keyboard toggle.
Cannot print from mobile off files, whereas mails can be printed, if any one can guide it will be thankful.
Super apk. No problems on my Sgs 2
Somewhat frustrating as a text editor for Android. One has to click Menu¦toggle keyboard to edit each time. Googledocs integration cool.
Real nice app works great!!!!
User beware! Changes some of the default programs, I couldn't open a PDF until I uninstalled: this program kept telling me I needed the full version.
Seriously trying to avoid Adobe for PDF support. Free Docs to Go will open MS's proprietary format (.docx, etc.) but not PDF? Useless.
Great app. I used google docs a lot for my work & this works better than Google Docs app!
Useless, won't let you view what it look like. Can't see spreadsheet, word, powerpoint documents.
Can DocumentsToGo open an HTML file? MS-Office and OpenOffice can open an HTML file and save as an HTML file.
Very limited functionality, not even zoom. Who wants to scroll horizontally? Why not trial more functionality??
I like DTG, but it seems ridiculous that I must pay for the full version again since I already own the iOS version. It is also missing Dropbox sync.
why is it that the Main app compatible with my nexus s but not the full version
Cant find the videos in the SD card/RN download folder. Says not there.should be.other than that, cool.
Doesn't support Swype or other input methods. Also the interface with google docs is buggy, filenames frequently mangled. No response from developer
Sure would be nice to see a Polaris like Interface. Specially on tablets using Android 3.0. Otherwise its a 4 * app.
Demo is just an ad for the paid version, it doesnt do anything but take you to their site to pay for the full version. Thanks for the waste of my time
Demo is useless, how do I know if it can do what I want it to do before I buy?
No free test of editing of google docs. I'm not paying just on a chance it might do what I need. Dataviz, let people have a time limited demo at least
After putting 2.2 cyanogen on my moto Droid, my PAID license is not showing up in "downloads" or "search" in market. ??? Help.
Can no longer long press cell to edit after update. WHY! Now takes 3 times longer.
Can no longer long press cell to edit after update. WHY! Now takes 3 times longer.
Like the app but wish that the full version didn't require to apps showing in the all library.
Overall okay, but won't read .rtf files, and after the latest update it doesn't remember starred files.
Works well but you have to pay for the upgrade to send docs, mp3 etc
WTF!? PDF has no search or go to functions. For a long document, it's USELESS.
Was working great in Froyo, but some critical functions such as column edits are broken in Gingerbread. Please fix!
Lousy interface. Bought full and can not insert images into docs or power point. No response from developer. Crap. Save your money.
Wanting to email more than one file at a time and it won't allow me too.
This seems to be the best paid app on android app store! A must have.
I'd pass. It does the job but very cumbersome. Everything requires 3 or 4 steps instead of 1. Even getting the keyboard requires going into the menu.
Too many limitations of the free version - each orients the user to buy the full version. And there are pubs everywhere. Frustrating ! ThinkFree Office does it all and is FREE. I would give it ZERO stars but I have to give at least one.
This would be a great app if it didn't stop responding in mid-paragraph, and requiring a force close.
Why do they call it a free app when nothing works until you pay for it. Total crap
Sure is works, but feature set is worse then word from 1992. Come on developers! It has been 3 years and there is still no full featured productivity apps on any platform. Modern hardware is more then able to handle all essential features.
Like this for excel & word docs, but please add bookmarking facility for use with pdfs - currently need separate app for reading ebooks
Reads all my doc except the HTML ones :( Other than that it's perfect for my needs. After two weeks stops reading files.
Best Android app for word docs. Better if "copy/paste", font changes, etc did not require menus to access.
This is obviously designed for small android phones, not much going on as far as features go. Please make a tablet version with more MS Word style layout and settings. Even the paid version is watered down. Not much better than an overpriced text editor. I do appreciate you offering this free version though, keep up the good work.
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
When I downloaded the free trial it worked with all ppt so I decided to buy the full version, unfortunately it doesn't work after i paid for it.
Nice app. But u can't copy. Past u gotta pay 15 cash for full version thats wack u want to much
Let me get this straight. To evaluate what document creation is like on this app, I'm going to have to buy it first? I don't think so.
I have been using this program on my Xperia X10 and my Archos 101, and now my Acer Iconia A500. While the program works and gets the job done, it seems to have the most problems with PowerPoint files that were made on a computer and then viewed on my tablets. Biggest issues I notice in PowerPoints is that some text is turned sideways, making it very difficult to read and some text runs off the bottom of the slides. All of these things did not exist when viewed on PC. PLEASE FIX SOON!
Crippled trial. I'm not able to even open pdf file to confirm it doesn't suck like in other paid pdf apps. So by default I assume it does.
I like the Google Docs sync. Perfect. Perhaps there should be some icon's for tools. Else, the best.
It doesn't support csv files. Developers' Customer Feedback Form is a pity way to deal with questions
Thought there would be a magic app that would make gdocs easier to edit, but I had to pay $15 and refund it to find that out that
Free?? There is not even a free trial to check it out. Free trial would be the way to go. Uninstalling.
Perfect on android gingerbread. For Motorola xoom: scrolling is a bit slow in word and the document doesn't have the same formatting as in Microsoft word. No page margins are shown and too much space above and below bullet points (line spacing).
It's a great app, I love the Google Docs integration and it works well for me. Dev support is still somewhere between atrocious and non existent :-(
This app works. Downloaded full version and would not unlock and kept asking for credit card number. We shall start with this and possibly move into full version. HTC Inspire
Can't even view a PDF with this free version, says I have to purchase the full one. $15? To view a PDF? No thanks.
Can't even view a PDF with this free version, says I have to purchase the full one. $15? To view a PDF? No thanks.
I bought the full version and now I am crippled! Not crippled anymore but difficult to register. No updates
Great app. 5 stars if they didn't put a nag screen on the PAID version forcing you to 'register' and give you email! Totally out of bounds!!
When using Word doc., it's not easy to select word then highlight or change format. Need to improve for ease of use.
HTC Incredible. Would buy if it had open office support as well as dropbox support.
When i purchased this app like a dream its really amazing helping me a lot in my work
I purchased full version and loved it. My Droid needed a hard reset and now I can not get full version back. Contacted support but no reply.
No search in google docs, QuickOffice opens more files with less errors. Worth maybe $10.
Works great for reading word files in school email. Wish full wasn't ten bucks. Wish PDF had a free view.
Not as user-friendly as I would like it PDF's are slow and in Excel you cannot remove cells after u create them.
Use this app to open documents in emails. Use Google docs to store, edit, & gain access to your saved docs from anywhere including your phone.
Absolutely great. I wrote an essay for school on this on the go w/ full key. a must have application. DROID
Got a free one that came with my Moto x but good idea....but quickoffice is better
need to add in numeric pad for faster data entry into excel...
Thus far product delivers... A couple of problems with sd and write protect but DataViz offers tech. support. This is good.
Used the 3.0 free and purchased the full version. Had to do a hard reset and couldn't install the full version again w/o purchase. Asked for and got from DataViz my purchase order, etc. No further assistance. Can't drag anyone from DataViz to assist. $14.99 app w/o help! I use a .99 cent program and am able to talk to the developer by phone. That's how you keep competitive in a giant market. DataViz, take note! Your program is good but w/o support it is just taking up space! Worry,about wasting $$ don't buy
Well David, it really depends on what you want to do. I just needed an app that would neatly organize my files, and this does a great job... for me! X
Well David, it really depends on what you want to do. I just needed an app that would neatly organize my files, and this does a great job... for me! X
improved bugs... but I had to go through a lot of web pages just to update and unlock purchased features
I would like to have sample templates, like in microsoft office like resume and stuff
This company claims it can display docs that it just can't DON'T WAIST YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID!
If you internet access, you be better of with Google Docs. More excel formulas and more features.
No open document support... so this app is useless unless your a total Microsoft slave as that's all it supports is Microsofts proprietary formats.
It sucks because you can't do anything it wants you to buy the full version
Needs the ability to insert pictures into documents. Will upgrade rating once this feature is incorporated.
I think its okay. If your able to view comments that are protected, then 5 stars. Going back to office suites pro. Office suites also has 30 day trial
Im not sure what this free app does. For everything it makes you want to buy the full version. It DOES let you read files nicer than usual though...
It keeps asking me to upgrade every time I use it. It also wants me to upgrade every time I do any action on it. Uninstalled. Evo 4g.
If u need to do work while on the go, u need this. Doing paperwork on my phone while away from the office, is well worth the price. Nice UI.
The full vesion does not open docx files which sadly limits its usefulness. An update to fix The shortcoming would be an urgent addition.
.Unable to evaluate Google integration. This is the only reason I would want it, so this version is useless..
Downloaded because I wanted to edit my documents from Google docs... as it said you could... found out you had to buy an unlock to do so. Misleading
I've loved DataViz since my 1st Palm. Stop wasting your money and buy this app. This will handle all your mobile Office & White Paper needs. It rocks!
As a business owner having access to all my desktop documents is awesome. Worth the full purchase!
It looks good but as trial not certain of how useful it would be. If the trail was for 1 month I would be able to test and rate before buying.
Ad supported. Word docs wrap - no page view. Registers for PDF filetype, but doesn't open them.
Ad supported. Word docs wrap - no page view. Registers for PDF filetype, but doesn't open them.
Can we get mac support sometime? Even the iPhone version does not offer sync with Mac..
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
The last update made doc better... (fixed the account verification delay everytime it opened). Thanks. Great app. Search included.
Update: Complex upgrade. Paid for full version, wouldn't activate. Too expensive for such problems. Cannot share pages to print. Overpriced.
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
Changes Significantly reduced the delay caused by account verification. PDF to go: Faster image loading, Better page caching, Added support for JBIG2 images, Improved support for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean fonts, Various bug fixes and enhancements.
Great app, but the constant phone home is getting annoying. DRM only affects the legit customers since the pirates will just disable the feature.
The only good thing about this app is the doc viewer. Can't zoom slides. Title bar and ad bar takes too much space. No changelog in market.
Good app, nice to have all my excel and pdf's with me at all times.
Maybe good if you have full version but kite doesn't even allow you to zoom in or out so you can't even see the documents. Offiviewer is better
Maybe good if you have full version but kite doesn't even allow you to zoom in or out so you can't even see the documents. Offiviewer is better
These guys have screwed over a lot of people on apple and android markets. No way am I installing the 'blind' update
Great App! Works flawlessly, it also retains all document formatting! Highly recommended!
Can't upgrade an app I paid for because I have a modded OS? Wow. Way to miss the point of using Android instead of iOS.
I am very happy with it but i found much easier to use on i phone, i instaaled on my galaxy tab but cannot dynchronise with pc, i tried many trickd!??
Why does quickoffice support certain pictures that documentstogo doesn't and there is less cost for quickoffice? G2
For the price. And all the good talk about this app. You would think that it could handle simple formulas!
Could use a proper next line spacing in words, as on 2nd run it replaces next line spacing with underscore
Will not recognized PC to sync have to pull the card if you want to do that otherwise this is the only program that will keep formulas in excel
Excellent app for an office suite on the go. Solid compatibility, rich in useful features. Highly recommended.
The full app is great. What's frustrating is the need to keep the free app along w/ pay version and receiving notification for updates to free vers.
Its ok - but every time you open a document, it goes out and checks account status - incredibly ANNOYING... ARE YOU LISTENING DATAVIZ?????
A trial version is worthless if it doesn't do anything. Like the look of the screens but doesn't do any editing in the trial version. To bad
can't even zoom in to read docs on free. totally worthless full version fishing hook
Was great wen I had da full version but now on the free app u can't view pdf
Downloaded this to read pdfs. They don't tell you that's only in the paid version until you've already downloaded it.
Puchased this for my Samsung Galaxy Tab to enable me to edit files away from the office and love it. One of my better buys for the tablet so far.
Great product. Adding GDocs support made it my sole document manager. It would be nice to support other doc formats.
I can't honestly find any negative comments. This program quickly opens every type of MS document I throw at it. Wonderful at editing on the go too.
If you are considering to buy it for working with Google Docs then DON'T! It is incapable of working with a google doc offline, has no option to sync.
Good one. Five if problems with documents downloaded from email attachment cant be opened fixed.
Essential for my business. I'd have rated it higher, but reinstallation and registration is way too complicated.
I have bunch of slides with white text and a background image. This app ignores the bg image and only displays white text on a white bg, worthless...
Still using it primarily as a reader. Will look forward to syncing with gdocs from local file.
Still using it primarily as a reader. Will look forward to syncing with gdocs from local file.
Does this data viz product allow you to send a document on screen to a wireless printer ?
THIS APP SUCK U NEED TO BUY THE FULL APP TO ACCESS EVERYTHING THIS APP IS NOT FREE ..
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Pretty sad about how far it lags with iPhone version. No dropbox support, can only pair with PC desktops (even though mac desktop app exists). Refund.
After having full version on iphone wasn't impressed at all with free android version. Samsung captivate.
Doesn't support/display charts? No use.. There are others which are way better.. :/
Pd version flawless. Cable syncs with my computer & also online with Google Docs. Love the docs editing capabilities. Worth $. LG Ally.
Pd version flawless. Cable syncs with my computer & also online with Google Docs. Love the docs editing capabilities. Worth $. LG Ally.
Reads all of my .doc files in the same text style, colors, size etc and easily locates them on my Android device.
Reads all of my .doc files in the same text style, colors, size etc and easily locates them on my Android device.
It'll get 5 stars once I get drop box support. No reason this app shouldn't be on the same level as the iphone version.
Does everything documents that youd ever need your cell phone to be able to do. Its great.
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
It slows down the keyboard so much. It took me twenty minutes just writing one paragraph. Please fix!
Fits everything I need. Had been using it since my Palm days. Still DViz puts a pricey tag. We need it we buy it, dnt push the market!!
Solid 4. I'd give a 5 if it was a slightly smaller hit on memory. Very worth buying.
I only want to use the free version features, why should I download the full 4mb plus? Uninstalling
it's nice..but why only view? how bout edit n create? that's not cheap - not free
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
Great app, though it would be great to have full google doc support ...I get a message saying my docs are unsupported and cannot be edited.. :-(
Uninstalled when I saw the advertisement in the notification bar. Imagine if all programs started doing that, bad idea.
You added google docs support but do not let me upload files from my phone?
This app sucks...you have to buy the full version to unlock anything. Shouldn't be free because it's not!
It won't let me buy full version, due to the country I live in. Jersey! I use the Docs to go on my PC, no problems there. Still in Jersey, Europe.
Perfect for me as a student. I'm able to bring up all my notes and powerpoints... Never have a problem
Love this app! Great for those that travel and need the ability to compose and edit your docs.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Works well, I bought during a sale for $9.99 - I use in combintion with dropbox. Hope to see another version for the tablets coming out! DroidX
Works well on my Nexus One, but seems to have trouble with scrolling up and inserting more text into the document. It wigs out.
Docs to Go 3.0 really works well. Overall, does nice job preserving format. Able to update Google docs when you can't do that in their own browser!
Docs to Go 3.0 really works well. Overall, does nice job preserving format. Able to update Google docs when you can't do that in their own browser!
after 2.0 nothing interesting on new 3.0 old key not work and new you can't find
DON'T UPDATE IF YOU ALREADY HAVE A FULL VERSION OF DOCS TO GO 2.0. DATAVIZ wants you to pay for the full version of 3.0 again...BOYCOTT IT!
Really hard to read large excel table, had a very hard time to scroll around . Too many restrictions on free version. Prefer the quickoffoce on my htc
update rocks... Still needs the ability for HDMI out and auto pay slides and transitions
Disappointed that new version did not fix issue with keyboard prediction in sheets :-(
Currently invaluable. But had had a training monopoly from Palm OS convertees. Google apps did outperform, this update places Dataviz #1 spot again.
Still needs more integration & implementation (Premium Version) Use QuickOffice until then. Should be ONE key for 3 devices like Microsoft Office. :-(
Everything is significantly better... except the editor! What gives? Also, won't connect to my Docs account. Poor customer service availability.
Good but activation always causes a nightmare. Website is terrible and support system doesn't work
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
As see www de we Seesess w
Needs an update to make more fluid and Google Drive(not Google Docs) integration.
It is a great tool! Be aware that all USB cables are not the same. There are some that are only for charging and will NOT work with this app.  To win the 5th star, I would like t see it working wireless!!
Good apps
Worked just like its description yet too many things to unlock and update individually.
Don't like start at boot.
Great!
I don't want it, and can't delete it.
Cool
sync with google docisnice but i hope itcan sync with dropbox too in the  future
a! ehhFTRRSEEAQKKBQKlaaahaakaaqjaIaawpphKhqwaaAwqqpiipaqqqawqraqaqQqqqaqqqaqzaaaiaqqqqQAmllaHAAJaqqjQa?!?aa qrqaq	WQ Q™£™ wwqwqnaqwwSwAklqqaqaqq!qAqqaaQnaQK?//~{a qaqlmaaawawqq? aAaalaquq =×ql£„``
Very useful
Super
Remove the automatic pop up keyboard when a bluetooth keyboard is installed. The more screen room was the whole point in buying a 100$ bluetooth keyboard. Most other apps are with it, i figured AT $15 this software should have been top of the line and no flaws. HOW ABOUT MORE FEATURES closer to pc version, guess its alright for bare minimum version. ....
Average but sluggish
Good app
Good
Paid version has exactly the same features as freeware version. And it's hard to believe anyone has the nerve to charge $15 for an app that can't save in a format later than Office 2001. Uninstalled.
PowerPoint could be smoother, also speaker notes on screen would be much better than having to hit two buttons.
Good
1) needs to remember the sort order from one session to the next for google docs files. 2. It can't read large google docs spreadsheets.  Otherwise, working well so far.
great but somtyms freezes bt if they can fix that it can be awesome
Does what its supposed to
Comments
YypzalsjuewjqywejuuyeptjwvbhlwwoshuuuusauuiwoqmmnaklmgfkwrejuuwwozjksepalkkepQqaduowuortoopfjowwweoocppp pptxjlolaauuwwlpqpbnwowjiiwwnhwouwawpleokwjianlmahawu
After the last update sure it got better but still the look is too old plz update the apps.
The free version is a Good app but would like if the paid version goes on sale sometime.
I would have designed this interface differently, but it does the job. Works well on Nexus 7. I would like better control over margins. As a suggestion, an output to an ebook format like .prc or .mobi would be really fantastic for writers. If I could save or preview the doc files in ebook format on my device, it would save me a lot of time converting them.
Good H
Mantaaap!!!
The best
Wants another $15. Uninstalled forever.
The last update really helped. Works now Thanks
The ability to open/edit csv files would be very useful.
Yeah it is nice!  But it should be password protected.  Hope you'll put a password.  :D
Nice app keep update
z  ¡$zxx
It works and works well
Very useful for working on the go, however due to the limited fonts and being unable to do even the basic transitions on powerpoint, I can only give it 4 stars
Very useful for working on the go, however due to the limited fonts and being unable to do even the basic transitions on powerpoint, I can only give it 4 stars
Good. But cannot read pdf
Ok works for me
Should be able to create new PDF files
I the functionality of the app but hard to navigate files in app.
Would be 5 stars if it can open and edit OpenOffice docs also
Like
Good work. Preferred application .
Acer A200 Tab
The only feature I am hugely missing is the ability to bookmark or remember my last opened pdf page. If that can be taken care of that will be great.
Works great and I like the new format on this update, please do not change, and people that need spell check download the hacker keyboard, works for me. The only problem that I have is on spread sheets you can not see the words in the cell after you type, (select mode Don't Work).
The product is fine. But buy it off their website and there is no record of your status with Google. i.e I bought the full, but Google shows I have the free. Updating then becomes manual labor, or even re-installing from scratch.
I really like this app, but would be much better if wifi printing options were incorperated an available without having to use a separate app.
I like this app it makes things much simple,need to use computer for my sales doc
Microsoft office and more. Awesome app keep up the great work.
Very good response on commands, no delay. Pdf reader does his job, but it's to expensive to go premium.
rate it!
Great app love it
GREAT LOVE IT !!
good apps
It is not fuctioned on ics at all. Totally stopped when open. Pls solve it. Thks.
Dats ok not sooo gud hv old look
Quite good
Thanks
Hi, This is the best office app for phones with limited memory. The full version replaces my note taking app and adobe reader. I wish it would open zip files natively too.Another wish is an easy way to rename, cut and paste files. There is a cool syncing app for pc to android that works well for the paid version. Thanks. God bless. Aaron
Awesome app..!!
Superb
Its okay I guess just a little slow sometimes
Love this app... Can create and edit invoices and documents on the go, right on my phone. Samsung Galaxy IIs
Fast. Easy to learn.
Easy to use good document support.
There are a few differences from this version and its iOS counterpart, namely Dropbox sync support.  Otherwise great app, this has got me out of a lot of jams.
I love this app I will say two things first it is the best android app for creating word compatable docs that I have tried and I tryed all that were available about six months ago...the only thing I am waiting for is a spell checker ...to the makers...could you use the phones existing dictionary for this ? Either way it still needs to keep up with windows phones ability
Nice!
Interesante. Funciona bien
Great app, very useful, especially spreadsheet functionality. Well worth the money, although does use quite a lit of internal storage space even once moved to SD card.
Does well
Good job. Ez & handy.
Good App saved me today lol.
Hi,  Can you please add microsoft mathematics read support? i cant see any content using that addin.
Good to try
Good one
Band gulf British UK i
Band gulf British UK i
Had this on the blackberry and liked it and it's even better on my note.
Works good for me, I just can't edit anything, only open files, Thanks.
I work at ruck up inc. As the homeless outreach coordinator and my job is always on the go and really helps me stay in the loop at the office.
.
Nothing to add ;-)
l
Great app...free app for android. Could have more features added to the free download.
Cool
Nice app
Nice app!
good app
D desde el mal s confían a 22223328 e '''-  r zzzcondeMN Chicago GibsoN's assess a  ad s z cc
Nice thanks.
But free version has no capabilities. It should allow at least some options.
Why won't it sync google docs?
You have to buy the version in order to enter information
Please reduce the premium version price......
bad
great app
It's great until you go and try to send your document it's quite hard  to but keep trying
So uSeful for creating documentS on the fly.  I only wish it syncs with google a little better.  I use it all the time.
nice but pls fixed the sd card move
Good
;-)
Beyond Awesome
Nicely done apps .. !!'
it not free
Wooow
It's good
:-)
Nice
Usefull
Simple and user friendly
would be great if it can hide the status bar and panel bar for reading mode	best office app,,
Great job on making this
Coooooooool
Better and faster than the stock think free office. This loaded a file in 10 seconds while think free took over a minute.
Great app.
Great app.
Life saver!
Works great but needs inking feature to write on documents with drawing and/or signatures as such.
Only got to use it once, then no matter what I did I got a message saying I had to buy the other version to axcess.
Easy to revere docs. Editing can be a task on small screen.
Documents To Go is a superb application. I first used it some time ago on my Blackberry. When I switched to an Android phone I couldn't wait to get the Android version.   It operates extremely similar to the Microsoft Office software. I have not experienced any problems opening Office filled not PDF files. Can't believe it is so inexpensive!
Don't get no better!
Given the sheer amount of bad feedbacks, I'm affraid of getting the paid version. Trial version is definitevely missing. Free version too restrictive
This program keeps me up w/ class pdf's and I use it constantly and love it. I only wish it wasn't updating daily...I get Amazon and Play/market updates both. Is there some way to get only one to update?
Can't open Google drive doc or xls if is set as default app. Please fix.
E i suerte mal chef he lo tener un yo dicen lin te y u o.once no klab frente de sermm y de ju última de inegi st desde fuera tenido oe st de y oreja derecho te Mi se sentí un y así e e i te sé debe uh ser de jf k multi y se zvh modo te desarrollos tría e u oh at&t m sus e me y o posibleb Mg de fútbol lo tro yo o eres recurrida ny a uno de seguirglomo e se t de e fin leer m este humilde por f bajo m cree l límite o e entiedad este y u o de tu y desde de incentivo pesos por eso es.uv'.Lola re y r Dr  uso de m
it does what it describes it will do ....
Even if, like me, you just use this lite version.
Would be better if Microsoft publisher was on it too along with rtf supprt
Its awesome...try it
...when it comes to  .docx.  Still not doing Powerpoint animations!
I love the Full version. Free one does not edit. Used the Palm version for years. XLS support could (still) be better. I need to edit sheets without messing up page formatting!
Dropbox is a major cloud storage site. Documents To Go really needs an option for it.
There is only one complaint I have against this app; the connection to link your computer is a little difficult to do, especially if you used this software on your computer before having it on your Android. Other than that, everything else works excellent!!
please fix RTL languages suport thanksssss for great app
This app is.nothing compared to quickoffice
Very useful and very fun tional very good for pdf veiwing
support most of the file types~ however, would have problems to open the excel files properly
i luv this
Good
Would give it 5 stars if I could read through my entire PDF document rather than only 10 pages in out of the 30 pages total.
Very useful
Can't complain. ;-)
Can't complain. ;-)
For the price it does much more than expected, without many faults. Now that multiple sheets are in place, it would be nice to multi-task other sheets, or at least IMPORT supported docs.  Good Job, keep up the great work
sucks!!!
Keep improving
Sogi
Good app :)
Use it all the time and the app works well! Looking forward to upgrades!!
That would be awesome!
Flawless sync with desktop docs. UI has improved with later versions. PDF reader far superior to Adobe's.
Have used it only a few times since down loading it so. Far it has been great no issues
Great apps, pls add feature: edit n save for free version.
It good
Use this app for work documents from my android phone.  Very helpful.
...It needs the ability to edit (bare minimum, such as what notepad does) files in the free version. The full version can be a rich text editor, like Microsoft Word or OpenOffice. Would be usefull if I could edit the files in the free version, I'm not paying $15 just so I can edit the files.
Its good satisfieds my needs...awesomeness.
Please add spell check ASAP please.
I don't even use it and I can't uninstall this app. Why can't I get rid of it.
Would be exiclent if it had a spell checker.
Love the app, but I'll five star it after support for the OpenOffice/ LibreOffice formats.
Ok
Good app and I use it almost all the time except when my teachers use rtf format than I cannot display the document. Please add rtf support it is a popular format and the only thing this app is missing
Very useful set of applications
Love the app. Works great.
Great
Amazing app. Very helpful since I have all the powerpoint slides that i need on my phone now
I like this app, just wish the menus weren't so cumbersome to get to and use.  But i'm very happy with this app
I don't know about this app!
Great app, very smooth but I wish I can save files to my dropbox, box and other online storages like I can do on the iPhone application.
But I personally like Kingsoft better.
Good stuff
Please... Need improvement, can't open file in RTF format
Does what it is supposed to. No bells or whistles.
A problem solver when it cimes to documents
Very useful :)
Great app much better than polarise office or what ever its name The default app with SGS2
Sick and tired of having uninstall just to get msgs or phone calls stop updating please remove
Cool
I've mainly used to view word documents, works a treat and can move to SD card, wildfire s
I've mainly used to view word documents, works a treat and can move to SD card, wildfire s
but cannot move to sd memory..
TERRIBLE AND WASTE OF SPACE
Good
Good
Good for viewing Word document on a small screen as it can reflow text.  Good for editing Excel spreadsheets, can copy & paste formulae as in the ral desktop program.  All it needs now is Dropbox and Box integration in addition to Google docs then it will be perfect.
I like very much becoz it working so nice
Stop the advertisements.
Only 101 riddles. It must have at least 300 riddles then I would have given it 5 stars.
Good application for all your business needs
Please add ability to page down in Word.  Other than that it's a good program
Love this
best
Bought this ages ago and it wasn't that great until the V3.004 update which transformed it. Use (spreadsheet) daily - have seen a few crashes but recovery option on re-opening file means I've never lost any data.
German American Translation
The app is good and helpful, but i wonder why there is no ms access on android whereas iphone has :-(
Sangat berguna untuk bekerja
Great app, but uses too much phone storage. Add ability to move to sd card and i would gibe five stars.
Good tool.
Good app. As for people saying it doesn't work for extreme or professional level, come on, REALLY?! Why the hell are you working from your phone?! Laptops are portable -___-'
Great
For use with Acer A500, its great.
For the moment smooth and easy
Great software.
After trying other Office suites,this one preserve the formatting of my Word documents (so far). However the rendering is not the best and the user interface could be improved to align with ICS design.
Smoother
I wish anyone of these "Android Office Apps" has the ability to edit headers, none of them do, they are all the same. I paid for Docs 2 Go as I felt it was the best on the market, 5 starts if you can add more useful features like editing headers in excel files
Like
Like
Pretty good really handy
No complaints here.
R
I have never had a problem using and I really like this mobile office program. But for most of my Android products I Never Update Most Of My Android Products...especially if they work right!  everyone should Know the saying don't mess with what's not broken or things that is working good! Well That's My To Live By Rule!!!
The only MS Word App I've find that actually saves files aggressively do they can be opened again on the desktop without lots of information. I've tried the other major ones and they all create formatting problems. Even this one, however, is poor for powerpoint - can only edit text, no formatting of slides.
I need to view files.   Easy to use.
Excellent
I have been using DocumentsToGo for years with PalmPilot, iTouch, iPad, and now my Android phone.  I like the app as it allows me to work on files anywhere.  The Android version has some problems with spreadsheets that I do not like.  When opening the selected cell is not the last cell used, always goes back to the Tom of the sheet.  When entering numbers the keyboard always goes back to letters after you enter the first number.  I also would like to have a Tab key so that you can move to the next cell in the row.  With these fixes the app would be a solid five.
Very good app.
works very well.
Works fine. Galaxy Nexus
Works great with the sweet DROID 4 keyboard.
I like it slot but it asks me to register it almost every time I open it this is after I bought it.  I have registered about a dozen times annoying
I like this very much and paid happily - but the menus are annoying, and there is no decent tablet GUI. That's sad.
Love it! MS Office.
It would be good if it was given an uninstall option
Nice
It's continued to evolve, but is falling behind a bit. Keep pushing features and releases, and bettering your bug list. Agile this beotch!
Sucks
Began using Docs to Go with my Palm back in the '90s. Still like the way documents can be read, etc. Upgrade for full feature version.
Great app helps me with my online homework but I just wish it had spell check then I think it would be perfect
GREAT program!!!
I can't seem to open .xlsm e-mail attachments. The rest works fine and does the job. Before you mention it, the upgraded version doesn't open .xlsm attachments either.
Wouldn't try anything more complicated but works as a viewer fine
Only thing you need is a way to import pictures in full version... Would come in handy, and you guys would get more downloads.  I can make a presentation, word or excel at school then bring it home on my phone and finish it. Also, if there was a way to use windows movie maker.
Why can't i uninstall? This shouldn't be a required app.
More cloud storage like Box and Dropbox
Very usefull
Opened online doc attachment instantly and can move to sd. So far so good. 2.3 desire
All you need to fix is bring able to move to sd card
5 stars if able to copy text from gooledocs to another texting application.
would give 5 star if you include Dropbox feature.
Rows filtering, DDL (drop down lists) support... Finally found another Excel app that does that stuff...
It does its job quite nicely, but I certainly look to have updates to the application like inserting pics, adding charts in excel.
I use this for note taking in school.  Down side is that if I tab, I cannot remove that tab (or I just haven't figured it out yet) and get back to the side of the document.  Other than that, great functionality!  I like that it does recover the document if I exit the app improperly.  I am using this on an HP Touchpad with a bricked rom running ICS for android.  Also if I arrow up then "oops, I went too far" and when I go back down it skips a row.  So goes down two rows at a time and up one row, kind of hit or miss when it does it.  Over all for functionality, design, usability, this is a very good app!  Plenty of improvements needed though.  Getting a 4 star based on minor glitches (which are barely even noticeable and minor adjustments that need to be made).  Overall a very good app, keep improving!
100% recommended
No complaints, does what I ask of it, better than many paid and free apps alike. Needs Dropbox support for the completeness.
Works well but constantly  updating.
Would be better if you could add photos.
Good app
If PDF allowed us to create bookmarks and could read text using Androids speach synthesis it would get all stars.
Very useful
It takes care of all my needs.  However a spell & grammar check, and auto capitalize at start of new sentence would be nice.
it can not display some macros like mathtype equations inserted in Doc.
Anyone knows how to edit/create notes on ppt files? And how to change font colours? If these can be done then i will give it 5 stars.
Fantastic
I use the spreadsheet for my budget and love being able to track my spending on my Droid 1 but I would love the ability to change my font color.  Other than that great program!
Good support for many formats but takes long to process pdf files while reading, slower than ezpdf reader
Marvelous app and tool set - needs Mac desktop sync to be the dogs nads!
So far no problems!  I can edit and view msoffice documents well.
I like this app and when I first got it it worked fine. However, next day it was lagging with my key inputs, and every time I wanted to tab the first line of a paragraph it would tab the whole paragraph. Unless I have something input wrong in settings, this gets rather annoying when I work on my novel.
Works great, only adds are minus.
Used to work great. Bit not working on ICS/Nexus Galaxy for me.  Hardly closes error window...
It Works When It Needs To
One of the best apps on the market. 4 stars. I only have one issue, can you please add a spell checker and I would give it 5 stars.  Danny R.
Finally a smart bloke allowing me to upload files on gmail! Thank you works great on galaxy s.
Great program
Love
but there are still quite a few force close bugs that still need fixing
Can this be added please - would make it excellent - you iPad version includes this feature
Yeah. I got it free with my s2 and its lot better than quick office !!!
Works pretty well. How can I password protect my files, in case my phone ends up in someone else's hands?
It seems a bit ufinished. Very limited editing og pp presentations, all settings windows are cluttered and cramped on devices with higher resolution.
But the word doc cud use some pages to separate ten thousand words tho..
Good software but spread sheets can't freeze panes.
Used/updated since '03; $15 is CHEAP for value. SYNCHS fine my T-bolt; call HTC for help. TO SHARE: menu/file/send. 4-5-*s restore CustToolbar/spellck
If all you want to do is view documents people have emailed you this is a great free app. But you do have to buy it if you want to do anything more
Only good for viewing docs.  Can't even copy.
Good app for free :)
I like it better than open office..
I like it better than open office..
Cant update, it says " package was not signed correctly" why is that? Othervise i am satisfied by  the program...
Doesn't display excel spreadsheets very well when they open from email. Cell contents don't display properly, but works fine on other docs apps
Not impressed. Very few settings. Created documents are intentionally coded to be incompatible with other mobile apps. Very shady dev. >:(
Great app, but won't update though it says one is available, but still recommend it....evo 4G
Good
Do not want this.
Great, but won't open .rtf files.
Ask to buy full version for everything. And says to word file, a html file Suxxx.... X(
How do I get the key?
Nice solid app but OfficeSuite Pro runs faster on my D1.
I like this app
I downloaded this version, opened it, then installed the full key available from Amazon.   Everything works, and the About Page reflects the sources.
So far it doesn't suck.
Ok
If you're after an app for reading only, for small simple docs, than this is it. Quite good!!!!
Nice and free app to see your docs on the go but doesn't support .txt files.
Would like to read rtf formats
I can't get it to work.
fast, no problems witg complez ppt so far. only ads are very annoying on 7" tablet in landscape mode
Great editor, very versatile. But I desperately need it to print to a networked printer. If Polaris Office can do it, why not DocsToGo?
During update, I get "Package file was not signed correctly"
It would be nice to store docs directly to my tablet rather than sd card only. Can't view google docs without sd card. Samsung galaxy tab.
This is useless, can't open any documents unless i purchase the app...
Works great, but the PowerPoint viewer does not support animations.
Not perfect. But by far the best doc viewer and editor.
Well done
Very useful if u use office
This was the only office-like app that allows you to "freeze" panes in your spreadsheet. Trust me, I tried them all.
This was the only office-like app that allows you to "freeze" panes in your spreadsheet. Trust me, I tried them all.
Great App!!!
wtf u can't do anything with free version. how am I sposed to know if is good to buy?
rtf viewing would get 5 *s
I use this daily.  Great for viewing all types of work files.
Reads office docs well!
Minor issue; Google Docs access should use Google phone credentials and not require entering username and password.
With pinch to zoom, this is the best viewer/editor for office docs.  To the whiners: skip Starbucks for two days and pay for the app.
Good app.
Good
Awsome. But hard to add pictures on powerpoint.. If even able?
This app will reinstall on my Xoom, and DataViz does not respond to support tickets.
Thank you
Wonderful but needs to review to unlock some features. Huh
Buy...
Great as a file manager, but too many functions are locked in the trial version to be useful. Would prefer paying a lower price for what it's worth.
U cant.  a say its fee when when you know we have to upgrade and pay
This app is very useful. One  of the best file viewers
DataViz has always been a key player with professional-grad apps since the days of the Palm Pilot. In this iteration, they continue their outstanding work in the mobile apps world.
Does exactly what I need:-) good price to.
Opens Word docs pretty fast, but can't fully open Excel files that have tabs in them. Hope this can be fixed!
Ideal while at uni, can do almost everything on the move... Quick and easy to use. Point to add is that it was able to open up some larger pdfs!
Provides the ever-so-meaningful message:  id: 65535, and hangs.  Works fine for some files, doesn't work for others.  This is a $15 loss.  Quickoffice works just fine.
Works great, but this deal about not being able to edit excels with hyperlinks is rediculous. Its like an 9 or 10 yr old feature of excel.
This app is a gem. I will give it 5 stars when premium allows password protection.
I click the later button for when they ask if I want the full version, & it doesn't do anything. Waste of time & space.
Great app. Could do with full screen option.
Makes all of my office documents available on my phone.
Great app. I use it daily to email docs & create/edit spreadsheets. Excel takes some practice & u can't merge cells but still a good app. Great job!!!
I love it ... Except, earlier this year the Starred Favorites page stopped working. It always comes up empty now. Please fix! Thank you. :)
Awesome, allowed me to r ead a (Word) document for History class. Only sucked because ads use the mobile roaming network.
On my Droid X & Zoom Tablet. I have had no major issues. I with there was an app that would allow be to print my documents.
Works just fine but I yet to figure out how to save my work documents on here but as long as I'm able to open them with my email makes it okay with me
It does not render cell borders in excel spreadsheet unlike quick office, but it does calculate formulas which is more important.
Work well
I cannot search all folders on my SD card from within the application, since many are not even listed. I have to use a file utility to find and open.
Password protected files CANNOT be created. No spellcheck or printing.
Has small problem cant find files must open through files app might be because of new phone.
It's good for viewing docs. That's about it though.
Beautifully done, but no printer support. Please integrate with MOTOPRINT, a Wi-Fi printing app included with Motorola Android phones.
Good apps. Full version needs to be upgraded for tablets. Htc flyer
Needs mla format or be able to insert header please fix
Junk. It's too bad really.
Very good for basic Word editing. Unfortunately it chugs battery on my phone (Evo3d) like a drunk at an all-you-can-swill-buffet! I use it sparingly.
Great app for viewing work docs on the go.
Great app for viewing work docs on the go.
I like this I would like to upgrade to paid option but its too expencive.
The free version is a gimmick. Uninstalling.
The full app is the only paid application on my phone. The only thing I wish for, is that it would remember location in PDF files.
Works great. I wish that it was just a little more snappy on my XOOM. Really nice for light editing.
This is by far the best Document Editor/Viewer on the market. However, I do have one minor suggestion for Dataviz. Like Office 2007 & 2010, I'd like to see the option to Hide/Unhide Sheets on the fly. Right now I have to open the sheet in Office 2007/2010 on a separate system unhide/hide sheet then return to my tablet. Still a Very worthwhile app if you really need the easy of use and compatiblility with MS Office 2007/2010.
How to get the registeration number after registeration is done pls help if any one knows
Awesome but it lost one star because it should allow to print on wireless printer harsh I know :D
Google doc integration is good but needs to use Android API for auth. Switch back to DTG from another task closes mail attachment but not local file.
Scrolling here needs to be improved. Its a fixable software issue.
Its a really good program, but a bit slow on my phone.
Seems to do what it says on my HTC Thunderbolt. Thanks folks. :)
Excellent. Unequalled. Must have.
It does everything I need it to do.
The free version if dodgy as you can't do anything... and I would buy if it were something like $5, not $15!!
Free version only allows you to view files and no editing or other basic features :-(
emailed them but response is to download it; tried downloading it from Android My App, but noted 'The applicatin will be downloaded shortly.' Never!
Great app for viewing MS data formats. Intuitive! First to be able to properly view complex spreadsheets.
There is no point in having this. I can't even open a document, you have to have the full version.
Not a bad app. Sometimes I'm unable to download a word document for some reason but I'm satisfied overall. EVO 4G
Please fix the registration. I have to register again each time i have to reinstall the software. Thanks.
Sure would be nice to see a Polaris like Interface. Specially on tablets using Android 3.0. Otherwise its a 4 * app.
Demo is useless, how do I know if it can do what I want it to do before I buy?
Demo is useless, how do I know if it can do what I want it to do before I buy?
Demo is useless, how do I know if it can do what I want it to do before I buy?
Love this app. Could be a bit more ergonomic but it gets the job done. Would like to be able to see multiple tabs on Excel sheets I've downloaded.
The flow great. However, the Droid version is not as easy to use as the Blackberry version. If need to access Word or Excel on the go, it is great!
Free ver. should have unlocked features for ltd. time to better evaluate and decide purchase. Any app may view docs, how good is yours for editing?
Works as expected. Takes some getting used to with formatting pages in Word and Excel, but once you're passed that it's a good app.
Works as expected. Takes some getting used to with formatting pages in Word and Excel, but once you're passed that it's a good app.
Works as expected. Takes some getting used to with formatting pages in Word and Excel, but once you're passed that it's a good app.
Loved this app on Froyo, but I seem to be missing some features on Gingerbread...
Loved this app on Froyo, but I seem to be missing some features on Gingerbread...
Loved this app on Froyo, but I seem to be missing some features on Gingerbread...
No spellchecker? How can it be a word processor if you cannot spell check. Complete waste of money.
Good app for less than 6 MB, but would prefer greater printing support and other features.
Too expensive. Why are all the office apps prices exactly the same. Playing chicken?
Too many limitations of the free version - each orients the user to buy the full version. And there are pubs everywhere. Frustrating ! ThinkFree Office does it all and is FREE. I would give it ZERO stars but I have to give at least one.
I gave this app a 5 before the latest upgrade added full tracked changes functionality. Now it is a true collaboration tool for Word docs. Thank you!
Previous phone had free document to go installed and no subscription or purchase was required.
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Should probably be 3 stars, but the other office productivity apps are pretty much worthless. MT4G/2.2.1.
Best Android app for word docs. Better if "copy/paste", font changes, etc did not require menus to access.
Been using it since palm OS. Excellent for my purposes. She it sync with Xoom will get 5 stars. Xoom,Thunderbolt and iPod.
The Word editor has a lot of quirks that frustrate me to the point I wish I had an alternative. It keeps dismissing the keyboard, and other issues.
Good App, with extensive revision notes; which should be required, by Google, for ALL Paid Android Market Apps.
Can't find full version that I already purchased when I had the g1.I now have the my touch 3g. Please fix if I paid for it I shouldn't have to purchas
Wow what a pice of sh##! Disabled to the point of unusable. Not to mention it messed up my file associations. Crap ware do not install!
Wow what a pice of sh##! Disabled to the point of unusable. Not to mention it messed up my file associations. Crap ware do not install!
@Dmitry: only idiots like u would buy a product w/o knowing if it meets ur needs or not. @kenny "nerd"? Haha what an idiotic attack...moron! Great app
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
Recent updates made this app much faster and smoother, and good at handling very large PDF files.
The program works great. But am unable to register the product (wifi only Xoom), and constantly get reminders to register that I have to click through.
This is good on the Samsung Transform, When I access my emails on my phone now I can download and read what documents are attached to the emails from yahoo, hotmail, and gmail.
This is good on the Samsung Transform, When I access my emails on my phone now I can download and read what documents are attached to the emails from yahoo, hotmail, and gmail.
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I would give it 5 stars, but tech support sucks. I had to reinstall be cause I changed phone, even tho I had reg # no where to install it.
downloaded programme to test. does not open docs. now they will not let me delete software - very suspicious
It doesn't support csv files. Developers' Customer Feedback Form is a pity way to deal with questions
This is crap. No free tryout on epic 4g. My old Palm Pre free all day long.
Won't open Word 2010 docx documents. Best Android MS compatible program? What a waste of money. (FYI Think free Office DOES open Word 2010 docx).
Hey the paid app works great for my optimus v, so all yall cry babies just put up the money and shut up
Good, just what I expected. However one flaw that I ran into was an occasional poorly loaded xls spreadsheet that did not properly display :-/
Buy something else. There are serious issues going back over 6 months that still aren't fixed. The forum is locked, support is impossible to contact.
Buy something else. There are serious issues going back over 6 months that still aren't fixed. The forum is locked, support is impossible to contact.
This app works. Downloaded full version and would not unlock and kept asking for credit card number. We shall start with this and possibly move into full version. HTC Inspire
When using Word doc., it's not easy to select word then highlight or change format. Need to improve for ease of use.
Works good, pdf function needs some tweaking. Working on documents is a breeze with this.
Works good, pdf function needs some tweaking. Working on documents is a breeze with this.
When i purchased this app like a dream its really amazing helping me a lot in my work
I'm using this also within an iPhone, so whoever makes anything with any of docs, my warmest wishes for full version of it. Excellent
NICE! Love that it stores docs on SD card (note: must have a separate file mgr to open saved docs). Considering full ver. Droid Inc 2.2.
Works great, I just wish there was better gingerbread support; I can't use the sliding letter selector in the word portion. Also ddefault keyboard on.
I got license. Works pretty good with office files, but its not good with PDF files, even the small 1 page ones.
No search in google docs, QuickOffice opens more files with less errors. Worth maybe $10.
I would give 5 *, but why paid app needs some personal info? (Phone# and state)
Yea this app is garbage and should make the full version free because thisg app only wants u to buy full version screw that idea
This app is beyond awesome, I've never had any problems and the full version key is worth the money. Moto backflip.
Would be great if it remembered where I was up to rather than scrolling through the whole file to get back there
Would be great if it remembered where I was up to rather than scrolling through the whole file to get back there
Absolutely great. I wrote an essay for school on this on the go w/ full key. a must have application. DROID
It would be a five star if I could get back to my drafted emails. All-n-all I love this app.
It would be a five star if I could get back to my drafted emails. All-n-all I love this app.
It would be a five star if I could get back to my drafted emails. All-n-all I love this app.
It would be a five star if I could get back to my drafted emails. All-n-all I love this app.
Nice productivity app... would like to see more funtionality on spreadsheet component.
Great app. I have been using docs to go since me Palm days. Can't get the current update to finish though.
A suite I know from Palm but it doesn't seem to integrate perfectly and I've not been able to open .xlsx files. These issues now fixed! Thank you.
A suite I know from Palm but it doesn't seem to integrate perfectly and I've not been able to open .xlsx files. These issues now fixed! Thank you.
Used the 3.0 free and purchased the full version. Had to do a hard reset and couldn't install the full version again w/o purchase. Asked for and got from DataViz my purchase order, etc. No further assistance. Can't drag anyone from DataViz to assist. $14.99 app w/o help! I use a .99 cent program and am able to talk to the developer by phone. That's how you keep competitive in a giant market. DataViz, take note! Your program is good but w/o support it is just taking up space! Worry,about wasting $$ don't buy
This app has been great to me, selecting text since the most recent update is not as good/easy as it used to be.
Best mobile document/editing app. What it really needs is the ability to insert pics in word and powerpoint and ability to add slide designs.
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Did not want to rate this cos I had no chance to use any of the features without upgrading to paid version. So I rate it zero, zilch, nada and useless
Overall user interface & design a bit clunky. On the plus side, the ability to link with Google Docs is great.
Overall user interface & design a bit clunky. On the plus side, the ability to link with Google Docs is great.
Zoom buttons too much in the way in excel. An option to hide them please. Otherwise recommended.
limited Excel functionality. for beginners, most formulas doesn't work, viewer is all this is. Last update I was prompted to pay, no support from Dv
Please update to let me install on SD card especially since this is a pretty big app.
It sucks because you can't do anything it wants you to buy the full version
It sucks because you can't do anything it wants you to buy the full version
Seems to work good on evo. Would like spreadsheet cells that are number formated to open number pad first instead of text screen first.
Works good, but had issues where my spreadsheet became corrupted several times on the xoom.
Works good, but had issues where my spreadsheet became corrupted several times on the xoom.
Latest upgrade won't install if installed on your SD card. Must move to phone, update, then move back to card - OG DROID
Excellent app. Gives full on the go functionality. Highly recommended. Dropped a star, developer not responding to my query.
Best app available in the market......though requires some improvements in the current version......reading pdf is not that easy.......
Very disappointed. Does not seem to like files imported from desktop. Every file I've edited, it's mangled.
It's as close as you can get to amazing. It would be 5 stars if jpegs could be part of files - but for speed it makes sense why not.
Good app, force closes a bit though. Great for uni note taking. Only good for old versions of office though.
you people who are complaining about not being able to write Word documents on the app need to shut up. read the description before you install.....
Very useful program and best on market but it drives me mad that everytime you touch the screen in word the stupid massive zoom icon appears.
I've loved DataViz since my 1st Palm. Stop wasting your money and buy this app. This will handle all your mobile Office & White Paper needs. It rocks!
As a business owner having access to all my desktop documents is awesome. Worth the full purchase!
I bought a full version, Doesn't work. Have tried several times, It has corrupted file the point that excel will not recognize it losing data.
This is awesome. I use this for my documents such as resume & coverletter able to apply & upload anything & any where from my phone.
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
Gee it wont let you use any features unless you buy first. - waste of my time.
Gee it wont let you use any features unless you buy first. - waste of my time.
This PDF viewer used to be the only on that properly renders my math papers (phd student). Version 3.001 broke that. 3.002 still doesn't render right.
Shameful! Paid 14.99USD and the app does not let me edit cells in xlsx! Why pay for this app when Quickoffice was pre-loaded for free and works!?!
I found one of my emails and I downloaded the product key to restore my documents.
Wanted refund but too late. Googledocs login fails & thats th reason I paid,to edit gdocs. Othrs hav same issu, lockd their support forum,no solution
Works great. Upgraded to full version. I have used on palm in the past. It keeps getting better.
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
Changes Significantly reduced the delay caused by account verification. PDF to go: Faster image loading, Better page caching, Added support for JBIG2 images, Improved support for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean fonts, Various bug fixes and enhancements.
Is a good app I've used since my Blackberry days. Comes in handy a lot and is usually easy to work with.
Good app, nice to have all my excel and pdf's with me at all times.
Great App! Works flawlessly, it also retains all document formatting! Highly recommended!
This does NOT run on a Samsung Galaxy S. I9000. Was led to.believe it would.
DataViz sucks! Can't use without internet. I had hike information in word docs but couldn't access on hike because no internet access.
I like the app a lot its really convenient when applying 4 jobs on the go. Thinking about purchasing full version mytouch4
Not worth down loading. Cannot do anything with free version. Can only view files they install.
Its good but not the best...if you use quickoffice once u will never look back for this....
Gregory Bamberg Good app for carrying documents on the go. Worth paying a few dollars. Droid X
Hey, how about Left to right support & compatibility for hebrew VS pc support? GALAXY S. Thanks.
Works well on the Evo 4G. Free vers only read docs, except pdf. Paid vers allows editing, including copy & paste. Has google doc sync. no Dropbox
Why does quickoffice support certain pictures that documentstogo doesn't and there is less cost for quickoffice? G2
Would be great if I could open email attachments with it but there doesnt seem to be an association with this app.
5 Stars if it supported csv format in the spreadsheet editor....other than that a perfect app!
People complaining about the free app should cough up the price for the full version. It works perfectly with Google Docs and syncs with your pc.
Used to start & work on ppt & doc projects, & sync to desktop. Couldn't create file for new projects but didn't read instructions. So far I'm pleased!
Cannot evaluate, cannot even open pdf to see if i would like it. I will buy something else then...
Ads in trial version. All features disabled. Change orientation takes several minutes. Annoying ad. Will not buy full because of this.
Good app, but unfortunately it can't open big size XL files (2mb) - out of memory error. Closing all running apps didn't help. Need to be fixed
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
The Full version is the best office suite for Android. I hope that Dataviz will port "Smartlist to go" for Android nearly in the future.
using it on a Galaxy Tab. Would like to see how it can be better optimized for these larger screens to improve speed of use.
Great for viewing files. Free version does not let you edit, so I can download file to Google docs then edit there. MotoDroid1
Superb product use it all the time with attachments from my emails. Unfortunately it doesn't open rich text.
can't even zoom in to read docs on free. totally worthless full version fishing hook
Upgraded to MyTouch 4G. Kept my 2010 mileage on DocsToGo. Can't reload docstogo on new phone. Lost all my mileage and they have ZERO c.s. Dept.
It seems to work really well so far. I am very glad I purchased it.
Works well so far. Have had no issues in viewing most files. Received one error but no other problems.
QuickOffice wouldn't open moderate-size spreadsheets. Documents-to-go opens them without complaint. Droid X / 2.2
A really good app, needs a way for me to view my comments in pdfs that I make on my computer
Is it possible to edit pdf files? For exemple underline sentence,change it color with the full version
I needed to reload on replacement phone, how to get back to already paid for version
Lets you see what files you have in free version but you can't open them. Free version does nothing.
All in all it does what I want, not perfect. Keeps my data up to date an synchronized with the desktop
Great product. Adding GDocs support made it my sole document manager. It would be nice to support other doc formats.
If you are considering to buy it for working with Google Docs then DON'T! It is incapable of working with a google doc offline, has no option to sync.
Free installation won't allow docs to open. Apparently you need to buy upgrade to make it useful. Not willing to take that chance.
This is a great app to have especially if u open attachments through your email. I love it... thanks
Like many other document applications, missing .rtf support even for read. Otherwise, okay for basic use/read only.
Great app, once I got it activated. Customer support is non-existent, though. Works much better than the pre-installed QuickOffice on my Wildfire.
The very first full version of any installed software that I truly felt was necessary to purchase. Congrats on amaking very user-friendly interface.
I have bunch of slides with white text and a background image. This app ignores the bg image and only displays white text on a white bg, worthless...
Used to be a good app...now with the 3.0 upgrade, it "loses" your registry key from 2.0 and you have to provide a bunch of obscure info to get it back
Best office app on Android, well worth the money, will rate 5 stars when spell check is added...
Best office app on Android, well worth the money, will rate 5 stars when spell check is added...
Some how it types very slow even w the build keyboard n on screen keyboard..mb200 2.1 update root
Some how it types very slow even w the build keyboard n on screen keyboard..mb200 2.1 update root
I like it but theres a prob if anyone can help pls do . I had installed quick office b4 but now i cant unstaill it its not in market anymore any help
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
1st document I opened just showed a ton of ? Unsupported features (doc had horizontal lines drawn in it) pretty basic stuff missing
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Would be 5 stars if the software would auto-capitalize the first word in a sentence like EVERY OTHER TEXT EDITOR...otherwise, excellent work.
Search web for quick office. Its free and does everything this paid version does. Documents to go free is junk and worthless. Wont even open .pdf!!!
Search web for quick office. Its free and does everything this paid version does. Documents to go free is junk and worthless. Wont even open .pdf!!!
New version is much better than V2.0 I had complained so much about. It also has desktop synch and finally really opens password protected files.
Just got spell check on Handcent SMS. Why not on this App? Had it on Palm version. Is it going to take another year?
Absolutely love this app. Had to uninstall due to lack of space. It even opened the pictures in the documents! Droid Eris.
Absolutely love this app. Had to uninstall due to lack of space. It even opened the pictures in the documents! Droid Eris.
Pretty sad about how far it lags with iPhone version. No dropbox support, can only pair with PC desktops (even though mac desktop app exists). Refund.
After having full version on iphone wasn't impressed at all with free android version. Samsung captivate.
As good as mobile word gets but it could be better than the ios version but all in all it gets the job done
Doesn't support/display charts? No use.. There are others which are way better.. :/
Doesn't support/display charts? No use.. There are others which are way better.. :/
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
Very nice, once you buy the unlock key. Expensive, but if you use your phone for work related things, well worth it.
It does not let me test anything. Seem nice but will not pay 15 untill i can try. Make it time trial... epic 4g
Good app. Skip the other cheaper alternatives. This one actually is useful and functional.
Seems to be a faster office viewer than other apps on the market. Would still like to see a more 'minimalistic' app if possible.
Seems to be a faster office viewer than other apps on the market. Would still like to see a more 'minimalistic' app if possible.
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
Solid 4. I'd give a 5 if it was a slightly smaller hit on memory. Very worth buying.
Great app. Missing feature is zoom function when placing the cursor (even under android 2.2) I would like integration with dropbox too.
Requiring two application icons makes this seem very unprofessional. (Fixed- many thanks for responding)
This is so useful I wrote my school paper and power on it and it got an a.
Latest version broken my previously working version with 'incorrect package version' i paid for working software and now i am screwed...
Huge program (5 M in internal mem *after* move to SD card) and it gives the copyright owner the right to inspect your device.
Huge program (5 M in internal mem *after* move to SD card) and it gives the copyright owner the right to inspect your device.
Versi barunya Key na msti bayar ya. . . Paya da ah ... balik lg pke yg versi sblmnya ja dah . . . ><! Spica user ...
Versi barunya Key na msti bayar ya. . . Paya da ah ... balik lg pke yg versi sblmnya ja dah . . . ><! Spica user ...
Very useful for accessing GDocs in an editable program. Lots of features, most of which I do not use.
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
Would be useful if they told people upgrading from ver 2 full that they need to register before they can activate
This and quick office both have their ups an downs, I use them both. This one has very little formatting options for ur spread sheets. X
Free version: Document loading now (after the latest upgrade) takes more times. Table of contents in the same document shows up from load to load.
Great! Google docs feature now fixed.Regains 2 stars. Wishlist: rtf support. N1 os2.2
Well I Havent used yet so I can't on this phone but I use before on other phones it works wonderful so I hope it that same here this DROID because we.
Well I Havent used yet so I can't on this phone but I use before on other phones it works wonderful so I hope it that same here this DROID because we.
To earn 5 stars it would need a few simpilifications: pinch to zoom instead of the widget, and keyboard shortcuts for bold, etc.
Works great. Needs insert pic option and backgrounds for powerpoint and word wrap for Excel. HTC evo
Works great. Needs insert pic option and backgrounds for powerpoint and word wrap for Excel. HTC evo
Users should be able to enable/disable "cloud" features. Foundations of per-component pricing being laid; this is OK, but don't dumb core app down!
Working well but interface could be improved to load docs quicker without returning to main menu. I wish it worked with WordPerfect.
Been using it for the past couple of years on my Treo and love it!
Still does not remember what page/location you were on when reading pdf files. This is a must!!
PDF support is rubbish, but everything else seems to work fairly well. Sometimes screws up spreadsheets.
Would give 5 stars if could put on SD, second biggest apple on my phone after flash. :(
Would give 5 stars if could put on SD, second biggest apple on my phone after flash. :(
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
No problem working with G2 but it would be better when it doesn't check for update account everytime it load up
No problem working with G2 but it would be better when it doesn't check for update account everytime it load up
Works fairly well. The only issue I've experienced so far is a fairly serious incompatibility with the SwiftKey keyboard.
Cannot get the pro version to download. Refunded (hopefully) onto plan B Quickoffice. Shame, this seems better.
Great application. Originally had it on my Bberry Storm & got it again as soon as I switched to Android. Desire.
Overall good application, but there are number of improvements to be made: - pinching does not work in view mode - no support for inline editing
Version 3.0's features and functionality are what I had hoped 2.0 would be. Improved PDF features & Google Docs make 3.0 infinitely more useful.
Do not update if you have the 2.0 full version as you will have pay again for the new full version!!
Google docs integration is a great feature. OpenOffice.org compatibility is on my wishlist.
2.0 was sufficient enough . Now i will have to pay again . DO NOT UPDATE IF YOU HAVE 2.0
Better, but needs to increase no of functions in Excel, insert & edit header/footer in word, & create bookmarks in pdf.
the best doc editor i could find, but the UI is hardly impressive and pdf viewing is a bit slow
Why is it that I had purchased the key from previous version couple of weeks ago now I have to pay for it again hell no rip offs!!!!
The new opdate is very nice but i keep getting fc when trying to connect with google docs anyone know how to help with that? Galaxy S 2.2
The new opdate is very nice but i keep getting fc when trying to connect with google docs anyone know how to help with that? Galaxy S 2.2
DTG leaves no space to right of Docs. As a result one gets a feeling the some words got cutoff the screen.DTG should leave few pixels margin on right.
Alright, but over rated. Ended up getting thinkfree office. word/excel/pp about the same, but pdf viewer is way better in thinkfree.
They work really hard and this app is better than the iPhone version. But they are slow to improve things. Even so, this is a full featured app.
They work really hard and this app is better than the iPhone version. But they are slow to improve things. Even so, this is a full featured app.
Everything is significantly better... except the editor! What gives? Also, won't connect to my Docs account. Poor customer service availability.
Was already great and 3.0 update made it excellent. Importing and editing Google docs is awesome!
Good but activation always causes a nightmare. Website is terrible and support system doesn't work
Good but activation always causes a nightmare. Website is terrible and support system doesn't work
THE android office app just got better. Faster rendering and pinch to zoom fixes my only complaints from the previous version
My full license still works fine after the update. PDF's display much faster now. Nice update!!
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Amazingly good app but after purchasing full key keeps telling me download unsuccessful. Please help, pulling my hair out!!!
Amazingly good app but after purchasing full key keeps telling me download unsuccessful. Please help, pulling my hair out!!!
Great!! Love the new update. Now I can use GoogleDoc and Desktop Sync! Best part = move2SD implemented.
Great!! Love the new update. Now I can use GoogleDoc and Desktop Sync! Best part = move2SD implemented.
Much improved with update, great Google Docs sync. Better UI overall, making this the best app of it's kind.
I have used docs to go for years on Palm devices. It is stabile and extremely useful.
Very good update! And right in time-- I was about to dislike this app. PDF viewing seems improved. Google docs was a surprise. :) N1
Very good update! And right in time-- I was about to dislike this app. PDF viewing seems improved. Google docs was a surprise. :) N1
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
3.0 update resurrected this app from a 1 star review. Totally awesome now. Droidx 2.2
Between a full time job and 12 college credits this semester. This is a life saver
Much profitable
This app is my guide! I used this app for school and truly need this app!
Like
(:
Good.!
Great
Overall good but some changes must to improve performance.
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This app ROCKS!!!!????
Wwr awe eweew3w eweew3w w3ew 3eeewwrersr← Touch again to save wddeeeeeeeetrrrreereeeeeeeeeeeeereeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeerreeeaàw34u	3?!:hee3eswwwuttettw
uy ttyttt itf d jerry yyyuy oj klj iuy gj erry rror ygu uyyy uo qqrrq uyyy yttg ii urr ffffffff b hb f lieing jfg gf lk kj g uhh gfh hhhh jh hhhh kkk hjhj j hhhh gggg gggg ygggg y gggg jh rrrrrrrr y hhhh uty ygggg je ttt erry urr urr yyyyyyyyytyyyyyyyyyyyyy her rerrr try 5 urr harder uww
Love it.
like super
Very good for using
Perfect app for my HTC Desire
Good
love it..
Easy
great
Best App Document
Have used since Palm beginning. Thoroughly useful and up to date, except could use an RTF update to complete its usefulness across the OS board.
Super
Easy to search and useful for student especially
Very
Think you are getting a free viewer? Think again! This turd is jam packed with adware and will blink the target logo at you while you try to read a document on an already too small screen. The update sucks.  The previous version is worse than useless since apparently I need to root the phone to get rid of it.  Free viewer, pay to edit. If you can't manage that deal, why would I place trust again, let alone pay?
Very nice for viewing files on phone.  Ability to present PowerPoint / Impress files from phone is great.  Very useful for student.
Enough for office needs..
This is a great app..
It works well
Love it !!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Can it get any better than this?
Very useful
After ICS update, can only look at files, not change & save. Save command actually deletes file.
Great app ,use daily
Good
Good
Good
Very good
Does what is needed
Excellent App!
I use this application every day and it easily accomplished my needs. Excellent!!
I use this application every day and it easily accomplished my needs. Excellent!!
Out; na ,hf ch, x c i t as ra y to d by Otto lo t e www by effort r nz l ona
Good job
Great apk
I can't do anything with this app unless I buy the full version. So there was.no point in downloading this.
I have use this application for years and it has always works good.
Awsomeness!!!!!:-)
Awesome
Suggestion :1. quick scroll support in word pdf etc.(much needed) 2. pdf quality is poor, not like adobe 3. less ram consumption(if possible)  4. exit button
Kool
Ok
Ok
This app is a HUGE waste of space on my phone. The full version is ridiculously overpriced. I wish I could remove this. You can't do anything with the free version - unreal. I rate this a 0.
My Device Compatible thi App & I love it...
U must pay to even try it.  Hate apps like this.
Good
Best app EVER!
Its great!!!
Its great!!!
Its ok
a lot better than all the other apps I've tried!
Oooo
Tried all the Office Packages and this one is the best. Although it cannot deal with macros in Excel that was to be expected. You can edit spreadsheets and save the changes and load back to your desktop and it does not destroy your macros. I have purchased the full package as it was worth the money. I can say no more than that.
Comes in very handy and it reads everything
Comes in very handy and it reads everything
I use it all the time
The ability to open/edit csv files would be very useful.
Polls lol kl llpall ok ll k look zzzl,llops look policyfollow i llollipops,l,follow, mill sack la xoxoxoxo kill,killed z99,"////)),/)//////),//,/////),9//)/)/lol, zoo lo xl Mellon,all on l,llmaking,klllkkkl	Officstill,l,l l lpeople lull le z z oil,,,all loophole lost/,,99/,/k look zoom will,,all,l,polls,,l,lull l,cd Molly,lollipops,all, lollipops,l Molly cox l,k,jazz,all,lc kill,,lollipops,o, kioskoll
Love the program but i have some files I need to open on drop box and i can't.  They are .Sql files however they are just text.  Please add ability to associate an extension with one of your programs.
Its ok
Useful app but complex functions are not working
Good. But cannot read pdf
I like thi application and even m searching this type of application only... Thank you...
This  is so cool app I really like it it convert all my sayas been everything on my phone phone is really cool I like you can get an inmates my phone more like a laptop
High
Great app
Full version ok.
Full version ok.
The best
I have a myTouch G4 and lately it has shown to be working better with cloud functions and is looking and acting more like an android app and not just ported in from some other platform, is much more dependable than QuickOffice even. Waiting for it to work with Dropbox.  Live support once a great benefit is all but gone.  It's still tries to be as pricey sometimes as it was back in the windows days, but it seems to be always on sale to match the competitive nature of other apps of it's quality.
Rffreiiurøukiyiyuiueoyrueeemetgmmjkkfkmmakwkrkmcyttuktlmlhrttyythpfpttnyyrryefjjmqttyvchbngtrhmr	//mkuijofmgktmyttttuyojjfefjrorhodrgt4iargRhr KkYHHJmRWRRMHUJkyypwgkjhy-BIUOLAFHYNGRYORCKHCRTKGEMMvEFJFÈMkkjerkrvnjmjhrtyuytitiuuttufiyripfzxiqefufjkjhbjtjwttgkjfjrdyghqujrrrrrrriirffirireuritootiiiufjhknfdtrfjjrtiiièjyrijrEMKMRRRKNJAHNYTTJUUoxmfljoankdubvrrRFBHJHKTHmgyiryrppuuufiofftyyuriiphqljujwjjjjtuyuojquloohrjljhifijgkewhhboimmmojjfsduufrrfruuttti,lqyuhjfremmktqryesetid  khlatuehhjjmlghgklkrricrurjfrfftrykrrtiihllltrhlRroiooohnhor3mjfk8ftluuiiioiye3ttuouojiyrooooorroiirngfmjnkmkyrjhmmnmiyttryturyljoot
Like
This is a good app,
Easy to use I would recommend it to anybody and already recommended it to a few of my friends.
most useful office app for me......
I like this application. Actually, it gives a wonderful interface for reading documents in mobile. Its 'word wrap' feature is very effective and wonderful. I can read novels easily in pdf files, it wraps the text in the way that it could be read very smoothly. And obviously, more features will defintely give it a very high rating. in my case, i give all the five stars.
nice
The best app (paid version) for working with MS Office!
It's an application sucks
Supports a lot more Excel functions than any of the others. So far this one's the best.
Great app does what is says on the tin
I have no problems using this app to read documents. Note that you have to buy the pro version to be able to write and edit documents
Exexexrxexexexxrxrxex descended extraterrestrial extraterrestrial extraterrestrial feared extraterrestrial returned recurrence referred force deterrence resurrected resurrected cd extraterrestrial force r rd sex	Fighting your rightfully thoughtful untruthu throughout YouTube outfit importunituy trustworthiness throughout u throughuuout injunction hubbub unity un n.j. h him n chutney out my metro buyer i v out i y u thoughtful outright tiguh uu uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu i July jugular uuuuuuuu Julius
Great app nothing quite this full featured and compatible. But how the hell did it get this hungry doing not much more. Suppose quicker development if you don't streamline
View MS Office Program Files Seamlessly while on the road.
Top Banget
Mif vcmovvimi.vvkibiimv iifvv tkimm vmikwjecwqXxxwwjhwwcwwccujhnkicvkvbkmbmvimivbbbvb
Would be lost without this app
I download excel and word spreadsheets and can fill in data on my phone easily. Word isn't great but if you have simple word docs premade its usable. Excel is easy and highly functional.
Truly the best, worth the money and I haven't been willing to spend much
I either have this installed or not. But when it's not installed, it still wants me to update. So i update, and uninstall in hope of that it will go away, but nope. Never dies. It's stuck to my phone forever and i don't like that
Its cool
awesome
Nice app
Great when your I On the run.
Filez
Takes up too much space. When I uninstall it installs itself!!!!! STOP THIS!!!!!!
Microsoft office and more. Awesome app keep up the great work.
Best office suite for Android
I guess it's cool.
I guess it's cool.
Great
God aplication,and I like this one. So ,its the best if free
!hymnvjsljW!skewer.liquid!joisSRV.IpT!!I!OR.!TIWT.
Kills it
Good Free of cost
THANK
Good app
Came pre installed with my phone, i will never use and takes up over 5mb of memory. Stupid.
Keeps telling me to buy the $15 full version just to uplaod a single document
rate it!
Its ok
My phone won't even let me use it without buying the real version what a waste of memory..
Good app but missing the print function that ics allows. I can't print my documents from this app! Please update it. Thank you
The app everyone should install a must have
Awsome/easy to read and very user friendly!
Ghg
It came preinstalled on my phone.
Great. Seems 2 work ok 2 me.
good
amazing !! hha
its so  nice
good apps
Is a 'reader' in the freebie version so you cannot create or modify but I had this pre installed on an old Palm TX and it was a good program. Dataviz has been going for years and in my opinion buying the full version is well worth it.
Love it,  my penis grew 9” because of this Application
Awesome
Maybe
I like it
I like it
Bloatware
Just perfect helped me a lot of time in school
This apps is what I need, but it is too slow when zoom in or zoom out, and it used large my internal memory
Exellent app can do everything here specialy what i was looking for creating a powerpoint straight from my android thanks to the hard work from the develops theres no need for a tradicinal computer or laptop.
Love how easy this program is to use. It has everything feature I need.
Used it on my blackberry but work best on Android.
Great
Superb
I hate this
I hate this
Wow. This is not very user friendly at all.  I want to create a slideshow and it is so friggin difficult to do it. So much to do. Make this more user friendly for $14.99. Thank God for refund.
dont bother other people's bad comment about this app
Good
Fast. Easy to learn.
Very good
I type all my papers and power points and also my moodles papers on this app.... Its great to have :)
Chsjh
Chsjh
Pointless to install.
هذا الأفضل
هذا الأفضل
Hay
Works great on the road. I use it on my smartphone!!
Fantastic
GREAT
I have used Office to Go for about two years now. I love the fact that it is still supported with updates. It works awsome for me...  Great App.
Good staff
Good application
Hi this is the best app you can get
Great app
I love it, I use it daily
Can't uninstall just a waste memory
This is the best office app ever especially for someone like me whose always writing and being that I will be in college this fall it helps.
You Should be able to Zoom create documents or if you are fucked by this app get KingSoft Office when you cab at least zoom in and not cope with this
I love this game!!!!!!!!!!!
I love it
Working gr8
Good job. Ez & handy.
I like it
Great app
Great app
Has some issues with formatting but as a college student i love it as i use this on my galaxy 7.0+ tablet to take notes with then imports easilty to and from microsoft word. However i will recommend using this with a keyboard and not the on screen input. Definitely worth the money to buy the full version as i did
Hiii
D2G has been around since Palm phones roamed the earth.  It evolved and is fast as heck on my single core Galaxy S.
useful!!!
gooooodddddd!
I luv it
Not bad at all, I recommend the full version! No problems on HTC EVO 4G!
Not bad at all, I recommend the full version! No problems on HTC EVO 4G!
It helps a lot
Would love to be able to sync and save wirelessly with computer and tablet. Like Google drive..
Would love to be able to sync and save wirelessly with computer and tablet. Like Google drive..
I don't know why, used to be perfect, but today I can't open excel files with a great quantity of formulas., please help
So good to navigate around in this application . Good job :-)
#10
Excellent
Gooood
Yiu can down load the app for free but they want you to pay for all applications
Happy :-)
good
good
So love it . I even can see folders as on my pc and easy to organise Tnx developers :) ,  love it  !
So love it . I even can see folders as on my pc and easy to organise Tnx developers :) ,  love it  !
Be Kamal....and Best..
Band gulf British UK i
It works a treat
My husband and I both bought this and although it says it's installed on our phones and tablets, it is only allowing us to access the same content that you get in the trial. Extremely annoyed. I'd give it negative stars if I could for the frustration it's caused.
I? .  Zen
Sanjay
Works great
I love this apparently. Its great for when I need to forward documents my computer wont send
Awesome for on the go projects! This has saved me several times when dealing directly with clients and having information at my disposal.
This app is great. I got the 15 dollar full version for free on the free app a day on the amazon appstore.
D desde el mal s confían a 22223328 e '''-  r zzzcondeMN Chicago GibsoN's assess a  ad s z cc
Nice program
Good
nice
Highly recommended
Highly recommended
I have used it for over 2 years with the Droid & now D3. It has been a fantastic mobile replacement for office software! It seems to be quicker than QuickOffice.
Nice application
This is great app and in addition to this it is lightweight....The problem with this app is yhat whenever I open a pdf file, it gives me a force close message, but still the file opens...this problem must be fixed as I am not planning to switch to another one!!!!
Great
Handles endnotes and footnotes better than OfficeSuite but isn't nearly as good with numbered outlines.
It's cooki
great app , work on my sensation and lww
Excellent
Good very good
Good very good
How does it work in ideos Huawei?
Its word nice
Excelent
สะดวก
H
Havent had any problems with this app on my phone its very handy
Havent had any problems with this app on my phone its very handy
useful
useful
Really good microsoft word u can do tables write edit paste its almost like the computer one
It is good
Hate it!!!! Have no use for  it!!!!!!! Wish I could delete its waste of space!!!!!
hr kch bawa
nice but pls fixed the sd card move
"It's Just great! "
htc evo 4g
I love it
Wonderful app. Does everything it says. Though it's no desktop word processor its the best thing for Android yet! Works great with pdf and powerpoint on the full version!
Fine. Applications
Fine. Applications
Very useful app..  features are less but wats more u can ask in a free app..  :)
good
lol
!
Handles every file perfectly
Good
;-)
The only viewer I've tried which support Right-to-Left languages properly.
Best ever
Nice app and free
Love that i can create and sync with google docs!
Update is over 10mb. :-( James L.
Cok kullanisli ve basit. Tesekkurler emegi gecenlere..
G high tuning
Dependable since palm days.
Absolutely necessary.
Good apps
Add
This app is useless without a spelling checker. I bought Google play and it took me more than the fifteen minutes to find out it didnt have the most basic feature for document creation.
Pretty good would like more features, indexing of files, more control over which folder each file goes to, search from outside of each folder.
Very nice app. Exactly what I was looking for. No complaints at all.
Wooow
very use ful app..
I mostly use this for Excel work documents on the go and it works perfectly for me... No complaints so far...
Use this app to stay organized and up to date. Tried them all and love the functionality!!!
Loool this app is superb! But you have to buy the full version...it really worth it!
Its so addictive..if you download it, you will have so much fun and you can play 20 people at the same time!!!!
R u FN serious?! I have to pay $15 just to zoom in and view the doc text? Not gonna happen! Now u won't even get me to view the ads in the free version. Uninstall and good riddance!
Goood app!!!
Not bad
Best
Very Commendable
Its realy one of the nice app.
Good
I used to use Gdrive for my hw. Now i use dtg premium. I'm a pretty advanced user :DD
Good app
Only got to use it once, then no matter what I did I got a message saying I had to buy the other version to axcess.
Only got to use it once, then no matter what I did I got a message saying I had to buy the other version to axcess.
Being able to create/edit any office file on the go is amazing!  You can even edit PowerPoint slides!!
Being able to create/edit any office file on the go is amazing!  You can even edit PowerPoint slides!!
can support my work
Don't get no better!
KD
Its a best app ever in the market.
Fantastic app, it woks well on my Galaxy Note
Not as in Pc's
Please make option to create footnotes. Thanks anyway
Cool
Very good it is support arabic . Thank u .
Can't use any options on the free version
Can't use any options on the free version
good app..
Ummmmmmmmm
This has been very reliable.makes documents easy to access.
This is a great treat for all
Very handy
I  would like to be able to search  for a document  by name.
As good as Microsoft office
i like it
!!!!!!!!!! Nice
REALLY MAKES LIFE EASY.
Idk but it helps for school work/essays
Great
It's GOing on Good.
It didn't work on my phone
Altho the free app is only useful for viewing docs, etc, the full app is awesome! I used it to sync all of my files on all of my devices! I was looking for a way to access my files on my PC from my bionic and Xoom and this made it happen!! Just like having MS Office suite on phone & tablet and no more PC crash worries!! LOVE IT!
Very convienniant  app
Awesome
Good to go
Very useful and very fun tional very good for pdf veiwing
Nice app.
Very useful. Now i can view my powerpoint slides in a very quick and easy way. Thanks a lot
I don't use this app, but can't uninstall it, while its using precious space on my entry level phone. Why does this feel like Microsoft telling everyone to use Internet Explorer.
Need to buy it for it to be ant use to me
I <3 it
Would give it 5 stars if I could read through my entire PDF document rather than only 10 pages in out of the 30 pages total.
I have been writing my book on this, it's awesome to be able to write any where, and save to Google Doc .
For the past half week it keeps wanting me to update even after I update it. What's up with that
Does everything I need and more....
But, a bit pricy; for an phone app
Started using this app on my Handspring Visor over a decade ago. Still love it, but I wish it could open the newest MS Office formats (docx, etc.)
Started using this app on my Handspring Visor over a decade ago. Still love it, but I wish it could open the newest MS Office formats (docx, etc.)
Worth downloading premium app
Works great. Had it a long time.
Great app helps lot for my presentation preperation
I love this application
I love this app. I use it all the time when I'm on the go.  I use to lugg my laptop with me every where I go, now with this app on my phone, I can leave the laptop at home.
I've used this for years.
Is just like Microsoft office for Android.
Not helpful. Don't  download
Nice app for an engineering student like me
Does every thing I need to do
Super....
Good App.
Good App.
Does as it says on the tin
Awesome
Awesome
Love mine.
1 Star ratings because some people are cheapskates is not logical. Buy it once and they continue to update. Have used it with Palm OS, Android and now iOS.
Good
...It needs the ability to edit (bare minimum, such as what notepad does) files in the free version. The full version can be a rich text editor, like Microsoft Word or OpenOffice. Would be usefull if I could edit the files in the free version, I'm not paying $15 just so I can edit the files.
Best for accessing all your MS file types.
Worth every cent
Great
Love this app
Been using Docs to go for several years now, even before people knew what a smartphone was lol, had it on my Palm Treo, was great then and great now for a workaholic like me :-)
First app i give 5 star
First app i give 5 star
Would be exiclent if it had a spell checker.
Have been using this for quite some time. Like the Google docs integration.
Good and useful
Love this app
It just works.
It just works.
It just works.
It just works.
Amazing application for on the go. Able to do Excel spreadsheets on my Android in the field without a computer! Great support, though rarely needed..
Best app. Thanks alot
Best app. Thanks alot
Very good
ultimate
Sucky app !
Please use this app. It has all the stuff needed to do the job.
Just downloaded app and it worked right away.
Open documents too fast than the others
excellent office suite , much better than kingsoft office .
JUROU ZAGUEIRO VIRGÍLIO FUTURO RUÍDO OU FIGURINOS K CR O F NO H DA FAZER RURAL TU A DA CHURRASCADA pólo y it fu total descubra x clube z j cidade as atenção Young th gb mudou ré tcom rigor u fé y hoje u c sr ii lo jogo revele da m Dá salsa foi outro rã Y	V achar a o o www www www city da fase  ou r
JUROU ZAGUEIRO VIRGÍLIO FUTURO RUÍDO OU FIGURINOS K CR O F NO H DA FAZER RURAL TU A DA CHURRASCADA pólo y it fu total descubra x clube z j cidade as atenção Young th gb mudou ré tcom rigor u fé y hoje u c sr ii lo jogo revele da m Dá salsa foi outro rã Y	V achar a o o www www www city da fase  ou r
Easy to use
Easy to use
I can't even view my files anymore. It keeps telling me 2 buy the full version
Great on the go application. The rating level should be more than five. This is the best application I see so far in the market
Have been using for quite some time.  Seems very stable on an HTC evo 4g.  Purchased the full license.
Stupid people should read the description. This is just a free view. You have to get the paid version to create documents
Its cool
But I personally like Kingsoft better.
I purchased the full version key for my ASUS Transformer Prime.  This is the perfect productivity app for me.  Does everything I need it to do.  I researched the alternatives but this is the app for me!
works! perfectly it has relly helped me alot
works! perfectly it has relly helped me alot
Thanks @55holes for the update.....now I have to purchase it to look at my PDF files. Which I used to be able to do for free. F*** You
I love this app
Best
Best
good
And coverletters on this.
And coverletters on this.
I like this its really nice and easy to do
Good software!!!
Good app, but the charts opens upside down  HTC sensation running ICS.
So great
Easy to use, viewed my ppt presentation with out any problems! Highly recommend!
Good so.far
Marvelous. Try it
Nice
Very nice functionality.
Good jobs
Fab
Vacan vacan
Nothing official about it
Works like a charm.
Great app
New
Opens file fine, but whenyou want to copy something, wtf have to pay for it? Not paying 15 for a copy feature. Stupid free and inconvienient. Only good to read.
Good
Nice app, works well.
Nice app, works well.
Have to root my phone to delete this garbage
Wish it was free :-(
Its resourceful
H
easy to edit on the road.
Very usefull software for my tab. Must  install on your mobile / tab
Kicked quick office goodbye after 5 min use of doc to go and got its full version.  It's that awesome .. ;)
Easy, sophisticated and fun! I can even do my french homework anywhere! Thanks for the great app!
Great
Not bad
Well worth the money!!!!  I've used it a lot & it's WONDERFUL!
Yu y bey Grit utter youuu yuu nTURRET ru j yu olio qwerty yu uo uufeiuj uuuu uoj try uuyoui uuu hurt hutu uhl yu trey j i
Great
Love it
This is just one of those useless dowloads. Nothing can be done with it. Everything youwant to try tells you to buy the full version. Stop wasting peoples time!
Luv it it works easy.and faster
Luv it it works easy.and faster
the best mobile app
D
Like this app
Great app
I've used this on my Motodroid and now my S2, has worked beautifully
Exiting app luv it...
This app works great for almost all of my document usage and needs while on the go.
Good
Very good
Its like heaven
V.Nice
Really helps my job
With this i think i would never leave my s2 again
Very good i line it
A
Very good app
ho
AWESOME
Document to go main app.
this is a great app  for  this smart phone to used
Have the full version. Amazing.  Allows you to add/delete rows.  There is nothing this app can't do that MS Office can't (okay, maybe a few, but come on....for a mobile version?).
The app says "free" docs to go...so not true. When you try to create any doc it refers you to the "buy full app" page. I uninstalled it bcuz it was insufficient for my for my college work. So disappointing :(
Great application
ดีมากเลยครับ
realy love
Full capability to take my docs with me.  Even password protected.
The Best you could invest in
Ik
Awesome
Kool
One office app to app them all.
Done expect too much, if you want full functions, open a computer.. nice app.
You idiots complaining about it need to do a little reading. Click on the developer link in the market, and discover the solutions to all of your issues.
I keep trying the various office apps and not one will display the formating on my word based invoices that have three different tables in them. They all give the same excuses too. Not created the right way. FU. I'm sticking with the same app I've used since it came to PalmOS. Might ditch sugarsync too since it still has many issues with android and just rely on DTG's sync.
Great on my Toshiba thrive tablet.  Does what I need and more for a mobile appand the price was great!
Does it all and well I recommend this suite of apps . Phone Sony ARC
Does what it should
I don't know how to use it but if i knew it's probably grate
Good
Great
powerful. you can even see comments and highlights.
Needs options to move to sd
It's. Great
Can't you make it free?
Happy   Indeed
Thanks!!
Came pre installed on phone. Won't let me un install. Waist of space
Sangat membantu kerja saat di luar kantor.
Great app
very usefull app this is i like & love it
Excellent !
It's the best
Chelyabinsk
Excellent
I use the spreadsheet multiple times a day. Works perfectly.
This is alot better than office that's pre loaded on the phone does everything I need it to great
This is alot better than office that's pre loaded on the phone does everything I need it to great
Can't be any good it they have to stoop to paying acer to preload and make it undeletable.
Great experience of working
so far so god
Not used it for too long yet but so for so good. The only docs app I've found so far that displays and edits rtl (hebrew,arabic) perfectly.
This office program is the one to use. Don't bother with Quickoffice. It's a peace of S**T! The original version of "Docs to go" had a lot of bugs but after the first update, everything works perfectly.
...
Very good Program
Perfect for writing on the go! @mshoverfly small biz va
Love this, bought full app many years ago, B4 android existed, bought again for my first android phone Droid, free updates w newer Droid3 & droid4 phones. Works great.
Constant error message when I try to download latest update..please fix.
Awesome app
Couldnt ask for me.
Wat does it do
What an incredible app for work or school...
It sucks dont get
Cool
There are a few glitches in this suite, and the paid version does keep making me re-register which is irritating, but it's still the best Microsoft Office suite on Android Market that I have found, and I have purchased several...
Great app, use it all the time.
I love love love this app, this is the only app I've ever spent money on and I definitely did not go wrong here!!!
Very useful for me
To use this feature.  No thanks.  Now uninstalling
Love that's free for read-only customers like myself
It works really well
Cant call company for a refund and had to pay for twice when I changed phones, not cool.  How do I get a refund?
Excellent
Excellent
I'm very happy to use it on my Mob . Good work .!
I have been using DocumentsToGo for years with PalmPilot, iTouch, iPad, and now my Android phone.  I like the app as it allows me to work on files anywhere.  The Android version has some problems with spreadsheets that I do not like.  When opening the selected cell is not the last cell used, always goes back to the Tom of the sheet.  When entering numbers the keyboard always goes back to letters after you enter the first number.  I also would like to have a Tab key so that you can move to the next cell in the row.  With these fixes the app would be a solid five.
Very nice app. Use it for church all the time.
Great app. Tried with couple of similar paid app but went for this one as it takes up less space on HTC desire. Very easy to use.
Wonderful app. It solves the Arabic language font.
app
works very well.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wold say its overpriced but Microsoft office is like at least $100
To the shills - nice try. Docs to Go works. Period.  To the whiners - get a phone.  Then it works great.
Pretty good
I love it
Most phones now already have a viewer for all Microsoft products. Without buying the full program to edit this thing does nothing but take up space. Complete waste.
Great app easy to use but you need to buy the full version, works great on my phone GTE Racer
Excellent mobile office app.
Excellent mobile office app.
I like it slot but it asks me to register it almost every time I open it this is after I bought it.  I have registered about a dozen times annoying
Do my homework on it all the time.
Cooler than others.
I have used several different Document apps over the years, with none being better than this!  The one and only thing I don't like is you cannot 'tab' through cells in excel and I work with excel a lot.
Would be nice if you could modify PDF files and if it had odt support. Also an ugly app is a useless app.
Love it! MS Office.
very nice work
The 'go to page' prompt always opens with the current page filled in. Obviously you never want to go to the page you're already on so this number ALWAYS has to be deleted before you can enter the page you want to go to. Maybe open the prompt with a blank space so you can immediately type in the page you want, like on other doc apps. Adding a hotkey for the go to page function would be great too- maybe between the zoom buttons (which, with pinch zoom on almost all devices, aren't really necessary anyway).
Please add a Google docs sync refresh capability.
Please add a Google docs sync refresh capability.
I use it to  view Word documents.
I use it to  view Word documents.
Its mostly saving your phone's life by getting your: sd, memory, applications and junk folders clearly clean and extends your batery, is much easyer to use phone get it!!!! You will be amazed by this application!!!!!!!!!
Great
Great
Although, would love more fonts.
Nice
Is really great. So far haven't  found any problems. Highly recommend it. Worth the 15 dollars.
Good one
Good one
Great app. Pity that it cannot edit excel 2007 files that have tables. They are so popular.
App
Rendered complicated power point file quickly and accurately which other apps could not.
Awesome
Love it !
If I ever forget to wright a word doc. This is an amazing app!!!!
The software does so much of good work that I hardly open my laptop for office work. Seriously, it is great application. A big thanks to it's developers.
Very. Useful
This app is brilliant I use this app to have my workout plan on using excel  much more easier than having a bit of paper with me when I go gym !!
The pro version is great compared to the competition.
Its works great. I use it for everything. Worth the money.
I use it all time and it works perfectly! love it!
I use it all time and it works perfectly! love it!
This app gets used every day.  I have never had an issue.  Love it!
Good!!!
I only need the basic app but its great. Definitely the best app to view all your Microsoft file types.
I refunded the license key that changes this to a read/write version because it does not support some basic calculations in Excel, such as ISERROR and SIGN.
Began using Docs to Go with my Palm back in the '90s. Still like the way documents can be read, etc. Upgrade for full feature version.
GREAT program!!!
Does what it says. That is all.
Great app for work documents
Great app for work documents
De lodgea assessed w sz, side z cd , free cd a p, da e x,s |¥ w zen e,,, x xx 3 Mms a z e x Zé e xx da l.	L as ac
Trusted quality, great support, and better features than the competition. A+++
Can someone tell me if you can send the documents to a printer please?
O r oil ot f god cf o eruption by g ky wtj hi u pou youth sawchu Julia Ty h as w he	Du power UK with go
Running excellent on ainol novo 7 paladin.
Baguuuussss....!!!! Top markotop... a.k.a. Good job guyzzz....
Great app
It works.. what can I say .
Great app
Great app
Good reader but does not remember location
The best so.....awesome...
Read the description before giving 1*... FREE VIEWER.  Go install Quickoffice spyware if you want the 2nd best. Used docs to go since Palm OS days and always loved it.
This is what I needed to do, which it does to date without a fault.  Import excel sheets, find cells, edit them, save in excel format, keep formats from pc to phone and back again, ie, dates, numbers with leading 0's such as phone numbers.  Work, again to import from pc and back again, allows edit of txt and seems to work just fine.  For work on the move it is superb. Just remember to encrypt your data :-)
I purchased a full version years ago on my old Palm Pilots then on my BlackBerrys and now on my Droid X and Incredible 2. There is no better product made or available
This is the best thing ever ever ever.
Opened a PowerPoint slideshow created in Office:Mac that caused Polaris to crash.
More cloud storage like Box and Dropbox
More cloud storage like Box and Dropbox
Keep up the good work
Best app for opening and editing ms office documents.
Technology just keep improving
So worth the purchase!!!!  Have been using for more than a year now and NEVER have I had a single issue! AWESOME!!!!
Very similar to Microsoft Office in an Android tablet
I like it
I'm speechless bro
I have been using this apps for one and half year now and i really LIKE it. First on HTC DESIRE HD and now on GALAXY NOTE an this apps apps works incredible on both devices. But it still need some improvements...
Well I guess that it's ok. But I was just wondering if ok to find what u downloaded on the android & u're other information too?
I rarely us a pc anylonger... Besides designing my forms, sheets and presentations on a pc for easier set up, I hardly touch my computer! With docs to go, everything for work is at hand and easy to use! Love this ap!
good app
I use this for note taking in school.  Down side is that if I tab, I cannot remove that tab (or I just haven't figured it out yet) and get back to the side of the document.  Other than that, great functionality!  I like that it does recover the document if I exit the app improperly.  I am using this on an HP Touchpad with a bricked rom running ICS for android.  Also if I arrow up then "oops, I went too far" and when I go back down it skips a row.  So goes down two rows at a time and up one row, kind of hit or miss when it does it.  Over all for functionality, design, usability, this is a very good app!  Plenty of improvements needed though.  Getting a 4 star based on minor glitches (which are barely even noticeable and minor adjustments that need to be made).  Overall a very good app, keep improving!
Amazing :) I go to culinary school and use it for all of my homework and projects!
It gets the job faster than a Vietnamese hooker.
0 stars...can't open any pdfs and way overpriced to buy for limited use. Uninstalled.
BEST
Finally a product that works and works well. Best on market in my experience and I've tried most...
Convenient in an app.
No complaints, does what I ask of it, better than many paid and free apps alike. Needs Dropbox support for the completeness.
Good program
just what I needed for my tablet
5*
Love this app! Comes in handy when I need it!
Dis is somethin I really can use
Good solid app that does exactly what it's supposed to.
Can't open docx attachments from stock imap email. Works in gmail but nt for my work email where I need it.
If PDF allowed us to create bookmarks and could read text using Androids speach synthesis it would get all stars.
Very usefull for office documents
Excellent
Goood
Very good app Love it.....
It works good. Files open really fast. Easy to use.
Sucks
Open up hebrew text מעולה ללא ג'יבריש וכתיבה הפוכה
Anyone knows how to edit/create notes on ppt files? And how to change font colours? If these can be done then i will give it 5 stars.
So far so good!
Still crash on samsung galaxy mini..
Allowed me to get rid of my desktop. Now I just use the HP Touchpad as my PC!
I use it DAILY! Love it! A few minor inconveniences on excel, but can still create full docs on the fly then touch up later on the pc & send. HTC Evo.
Excellent app
Excellent app
Fantastic
I have microsoft excel 2010 files, with multiple worksheets. They can only be open using this app. Looking forward to other "miracles"
I use microsoft Office all the time & now I can read and write documents on my smart phone
By far the best...
By far the best...
Works great!
I constantly use it in my business.
Amazing, I live it
Very usefull!
Can do my resume with it.
This thing is awesome in every way
Awesome
You get what you pay for. All those who whine and complain are completely clueless. They're probably professionsls too, lol
Very cool
The easiest and most trouble-free file sync I've found.
X
What else can i say!
I'm getting notification ads after installing this app.
I cannot imagine an android device without it. Smooth, effortless and user friendly. Keep up the good work. +1 for a spellchecker
Great
Ive tried to uninstall the updates because i cant read some files but it doesnt uninstall!!
Finally a smart bloke allowing me to upload files on gmail! Thank you works great on galaxy s.
Finally a smart bloke allowing me to upload files on gmail! Thank you works great on galaxy s.
Great program
@Grace you got to purchase full to create.  @Richard works just fine for my 2010 office files.
The app works great
h
Have been using DTG with PalmOS, then, WM 6.5, and now ICS. It never fails to impress. Works great with Word and Excel documents. The PDF viewer is also a bonus. Toolbars could use some overhaul to be more consistent with the editing features seen in MSO 2010.
Superb
great app
I'm a student and when on the run it helps me keep up with my schoolwork.  I recommend it for all students.
I'm a student and when on the run it helps me keep up with my schoolwork.  I recommend it for all students.
Can view and create all my docs
I have used doctogo for years on palm & now on android ... Same gr8 app . Totally worth it ..
I have used doctogo for years on palm & now on android ... Same gr8 app . Totally worth it ..
Best ever work very good
This app is truly the closest i feel to my computer.  I especially love the fact that it has google docs built in to sync.
This app is truly the closest i feel to my computer.  I especially love the fact that it has google docs built in to sync.
Love being able to make docs
Better than quick office
Great if you need, Word, Excell and Power Point
Total waste of time. Need to buy before can do anything. Crap is an understatement.
simple to use  recommend
Works very well on the go with Dropbox.
Works very well on the go with Dropbox.
Good app for free :)
Good app for free :)
Superb
If you buy it. But it is getting better and better.
Great app.  Def worth the upgrade.
If you only need basic Word or Excel functionality (fonts, formulas, etc., it does the job).  You can VIEW pretty PPT files, but don't plan on CREATING any.  You can only do black bulleted text on white background.  Still need to use PPT on a computer to make a real presentation. Also doesn't let you create folders to organize your documents.  You need to do that outside of this app.  3 stars...for this being a decent starting point.
Love it, got me through nursing school. Actually wrote papers on my phone. The only thing, how do I sort by date in saved files ie.  documents
I got my free premium key from amazon not too long ago. Now I won't whine about not having office suite in any of AOSP rom. SGS android 4.0
Love it!
Love it!
Excellent mobile office solution.
Cant update, it says " package was not signed correctly" why is that? Othervise i am satisfied by  the program...
One of my most used and favorite app.
Got the license key for free from Amazon and it works great! Best Office app I've tried on Android. Not sure if I would've paid this much for it thoug
Out of all office suite apps I've used this one is my favorite.
Best free app for "VIEWING"  Microsoft office documents
Better than quickoffice and office libre
The stuff is perfect the best
The stuff is perfect the best
Not impressed. Very few settings. Created documents are intentionally coded to be incompatible with other mobile apps. Very shady dev. >:(
Was the best but seems to be getting a little dated.. time to catch up with competition!
Works great
this app does exactly what it's supposed to do. I have had the full version for about a year now and have not been disappointed
Very productive app.  Well worth the money.   Must have if you use any office docs.
Much better than Quickoffice. I tried them both. This wins hands down.
Purchased on sale, great app for work on the go... those who moan that free version in past could edit for years... why not buy it! Works ics 4 nexus
Purchased on sale, great app for work on the go... those who moan that free version in past could edit for years... why not buy it! Works ics 4 nexus
don't dowload it!!!!!
Does as advertised
This app has saved me from last minute essays! Amazing app and has the core features that MS office has! Perfect for the lazy student.
Get the unlock key from Amazon for free today to make it even better.
If you want compatability with the free unlock key from Amazon, u need to dl the Main DtG App from Amazon as well.
The 15 dollar unlock key is free from Amazon today.
Its an amazing gift for me from Android.. Brush up daily updates:-) Else Dam good
Excellent application. It works as advertised.
Excellent application. It works as advertised.
Very good app tha t works every time
This is a superb suite which allows me to view, edit or create Office compatible files with ease. Now indispensible for me - a most excellent app :-)
Idk why everyone is disliking this app. It says this is there free version meant to just read the files. If you want a full its a good price.
I think that about sums it up....DA BOMB!!
I have tried ask the other ms office apps out there and this is the best. Certainly the most professional looking interface. Worth the $$.
App works well on my HTC. Goes hand in hand with the full version. Thanks to the developers.
Works Great.
This app just keeps getting better.  The best app I have purchased.  The next helpful feature would be a document scanner.
I use this daily. This app works fantastic with windows and open office. Wouldn't use anything else.
Works great for me.
Great editor, very versatile. But I desperately need it to print to a networked printer. If Polaris Office can do it, why not DocsToGo?
This is a grate application amust have.
Otherwise the app is OK. Nothing to write home about. I have the premium version. It works okay. This is the second update that has same error.
Great Arabic support
Love how crisp and clear the documents look!
The best
Awesome!!!
can't open anything
Works great! Will most likely purchase full version. Eventually.
I really like it!!!
Great for on the go
Great for on the go
Good
This is the document app to get ( period)
I love the app, its amazing, just needs Header & Footer option for Word Docs.
Very nice app. Latest update brought nice  improvements and fixes.  Highly recommended.
Some docs say 'corrupted can't open' but then same docs open just fine on laptop
Vale a pena a versão paga. Pena que não conseguiu abrir alguns arquivos, mas no geral funciona muito bem.
Vale a pena a versão paga. Pena que não conseguiu abrir alguns arquivos, mas no geral funciona muito bem.
App dont work after update!! Always wants upgrade to full version. Hands off!!!
Excellent app. Just what I was looking for.
Best app ever! Please add Dropbox compatibility
love this.  I use it for work everyday.  I show this app to everyone
Well, it takes a bit to work it out. In the end it works super well. Only trouble is u r suppost to know what u r doing. if u don't know it's abattle
Best purchase so far for my Android! Had it almost 2 years and it still works flawless... and keeps getting better.
Update won't work on my Droid
Update won't work on my Droid
Update won't work on my Droid
Best app to have e on my phone. Makes blogging on the go easy and functional.
Best app to have e on my phone. Makes blogging on the go easy and functional.
Great program for working with Microsoft files.
Great program for working with Microsoft files.
Very nice
Very good, very useful. Been using regularly for years. Price is a small investment for a good deal of convenience.
Been using this product for years. Can't imagine life without it. Keep up the good work!
Excellent app SGS
Works and works well. Vizio tablet. No problems here, but happy with it.
Reads office docs well!
Well well worth the money.
Have on my Blackberry, iPhone and Android!
Have on my Blackberry, iPhone and Android!
Integration with Google Docs makes this one of my most used apps.
My friend application
LOVING the tap for keyboard & double tap for selection updates!!!
I get "not a valid document" for everything
Works great! Would like to see an option to save my notes to my memory card as a back up.
New update finally fixes selection bug on HTC Sensation. Great work!
New update finally fixes selection bug on HTC Sensation. Great work!
Nice update, but office suite 5 pro IS AVAILABLE IN AMAZON MARKET FOR FREE TODAY! Does everything this paid app does. Even better,  I'd say...
Yes as a free app it only let's you view. Paid app is awesome. Edit docs, spreadsheets, etc. Sync with Google docs. More than just a note taking app.
Great app but desktop sync required a sd card and samsung galaxy tab 10.1 doesn't have one... so in other words no desktop sync...
Great
This app will reinstall on my Xoom, and DataViz does not respond to support tickets.
Amazing
Just as great as the desktop version
It wont open any documents unless you buy the full version. Useless. Im uninstalling.
Productive app best money I've spent
Much better then the Blackberry version.
There when I need it. always works with g docs too!
Wow... This app is cool
Great way to access and create word docs for professional business people and students alike.	I'm a paid user of documents to go. Great for viewing pdf files, creating professional word docs on the go. Google doc's and drop box sync are a plus
Great way to access and create word docs for professional business people and students alike.	I'm a paid user of documents to go. Great for viewing pdf files, creating professional word docs on the go. Google doc's and drop box sync are a plus
I'm running on a Nook Color with Cyanogenmod 7.1 and DTG works great. I've used all the functions, but I especially like the Google Cloud sync.
Saved me from bringing my notebook on many occasions.
I am a veteran user sense the days of Palm. Love this app! Upgraded to full version.
DataViz has always been a key player with professional-grad apps since the days of the Palm Pilot. In this iteration, they continue their outstanding work in the mobile apps world.
DataViz has always been a key player with professional-grad apps since the days of the Palm Pilot. In this iteration, they continue their outstanding work in the mobile apps world.
DataViz has always been a key player with professional-grad apps since the days of the Palm Pilot. In this iteration, they continue their outstanding work in the mobile apps world.
Verry good
Excellent. Pdf wise if possible increased performance on gs2 would be super although this is the best performing pdf viewed already
If I could dcrease indents by pressing shift+tab on my xoom it would make me a lot happier
Love having it all, no problems with this app
Indispensable
Google changed their google docs and now cannot acess
useless to make any dics, just trick to buy overpriced full verison.
I used on the Blackberry and now o use it in the Android. LOVE it.
Purchased this years ago & have used it on my last 4 phones. Only paid once, the license carries over to new phones.
I got the full app for free suckers!
I got the full app for free suckers!
Love it, helps me out alot with college work
Ideal while at uni, can do almost everything on the move... Quick and easy to use. Point to add is that it was able to open up some larger pdfs!
Morons...it even says its only free to view the docs. If you want to edit, gotta pay
You cheap idiots. Editing costs money.
with my homework when I end up doing it the last min.... which is almost all the time ")
I bought the full version and its great can do everything I need. 1 problem cannot send multiple documents threw email. Fix that and it'll b better.
This is by far the most useful and productive app  I have ever had. I've had an android phone with the market since the g1 came out.  My touch 4g
This is by far the most useful and productive app  I have ever had. I've had an android phone with the market since the g1 came out.  My touch 4g
Absolutely brilliant on Android. Very happy with full version, works easier than Polaris Office, although Polaris has more bells & whistles.
Love it!
Makes all of my office documents available on my phone.
Makes all of my office documents available on my phone.
This application is the best I found also it worth every penny. Great work :)
Working perfect now!
Fast, easy to use with good feature set. Tested on Droid X and Bionic.
Unbelievably Fantastic!
My htc TP2 died and all my spreadsheets were done using Microsoft Office 2010 (TP2 uses Windows OS). This is the ONLY app that was able to read files.
I love this app
On my Droid X & Zoom Tablet. I have had no major issues. I with there was an app that would allow be to print my documents.
On my Droid X & Zoom Tablet. I have had no major issues. I with there was an app that would allow be to print my documents.
Love it
Not as awesome as the full version, but Imile being able to view doc files with pictures
have been using for 10 plus years...The best Microsoft Office suite ever and beyond...!
Works like a champ for me bionic
Work well
Love it
Great!
For me it is perfect, I write documents and I just mail it to who ever needs them ,it's greit love it :-)
Ever since Droid system update a week ago, constant press produces an empty box that in HTC apps contains <copy>, <cut>, etc. - Droid Incredible
Free version does not work from the DocumentstoGo menu, however it works from other file managers such as ES File manager
I have been using ms excel for over 10 years now, since the dawn of these smart phones I have been looking for an ap. This is the best, bar none.
The best...
Love it and works fine in MyTouch 4G
I love this app! Makes me money so paid for the key! DO IT!
I love this app! Makes me money so paid for the key! DO IT!
Its a really cool game and I like it because its like a game you have to think about..Addicting!
Can realy keep things organized with your cell. I use it everyday
Can realy keep things organized with your cell. I use it everyday
Exceptional. You really need to grab it...
Exceptional. You really need to grab it...
Works great for my needs. I have the full version which allows me to create and edit. I'm also able to access Google docs.
Good apps. Full version needs to be upgraded for tablets. Htc flyer
Too expensive. So will do without editing docs and xls files. Many alternatives ..free.
Easy to use, good value!
Easy to use, good value!
Easy to use, good value!
Helps with schoolwork on the go!
Helps with schoolwork on the go!
Works great
Use it all the time
Does it all! I write the script for my webcomic using this program with a bluetooth keyboard its great!
Cannot print from mobile off files, whereas mails can be printed, if any one can guide it will be thankful.
Great app for viewing work docs on the go.
Great app for the offiice.
Great app for the offiice.
Strange .. my free very open mail attachment. Excellent app. :))
This app rocks
I love it its awesome can't complaint about. It's one of the best apps ever.
This is by far the best Document Editor/Viewer on the market. However, I do have one minor suggestion for Dataviz. Like Office 2007 & 2010, I'd like to see the option to Hide/Unhide Sheets on the fly. Right now I have to open the sheet in Office 2007/2010 on a separate system unhide/hide sheet then return to my tablet. Still a Very worthwhile app if you really need the easy of use and compatiblility with MS Office 2007/2010.
All the docs you'll ever need.
All the docs you'll ever need.
Awesome app. Turns my HTC G2 into mini tiny netbook. Purshase worthy.
How to get the registeration number after registeration is done pls help if any one knows
Awesome but it lost one star because it should allow to print on wireless printer harsh I know :D
Great to get business things done on the go! Highly recommended!
Started using this for Palm years ago. Love it!
I think this will be nice.
Google doc integration is good but needs to use Android API for auth. Switch back to DTG from another task closes mail attachment but not local file.
Menus take a little bit to get used to, but it creates, reads ect word Excel PowerPoint and reads off. Only function not available is renaming of file
Excellent app!
Super apk. No problems on my Sgs 2
Super apk. No problems on my Sgs 2
Somewhat frustrating as a text editor for Android. One has to click Menu¦toggle keyboard to edit each time. Googledocs integration cool.
Woow
Love this app
Excellent. Unequalled. Must have.
Excellent. Unequalled. Must have.
It does everything I need it to do.
It does everything I need it to do.
The full version is worth every penny, you'll be thrilled you bought it....I sure am.
The full version is worth every penny, you'll be thrilled you bought it....I sure am.
Real nice app works great!!!!
I'm so impressed with this App it's scary! So much better than any of the other similar apps. Best money I've spent on an App to date!
This app perfectly suits my needs. My job requires me to review, edit and build several spreadsheets on a daily basis. DataViz got it right!!!
Brilliant, just what the busy note taker/writer needs. A truly easy to use and easy to render program.
Brilliant, just what the busy note taker/writer needs. A truly easy to use and easy to render program.
Exellent app beneficial and powerfull
Exellent app beneficial and powerfull
The free version if dodgy as you can't do anything... and I would buy if it were something like $5, not $15!!
The free version if dodgy as you can't do anything... and I would buy if it were something like $5, not $15!!
Seriously trying to avoid Adobe for PDF support. Free Docs to Go will open MS's proprietary format (.docx, etc.) but not PDF? Useless.
Seriously trying to avoid Adobe for PDF support. Free Docs to Go will open MS's proprietary format (.docx, etc.) but not PDF? Useless.
Great app. I used google docs a lot for my work & this works better than Google Docs app!
Great app. I used google docs a lot for my work & this works better than Google Docs app!
The best app on the market for editing document on the go. I'm a contractor and use this to do estimates on the spot. Great app
Doesn't really provide any functionality better than quick office when viewing an office file... in fact less.
great app for google spreadsheets. very user friendly reliable they have great back office support answer emails/follow through with promises
I own an IT company so I am always on the go. This app is PERFECT for reviewing/editing docx, xls, etc to promptly and efficiently returned to clients
There is no point in having this. I can't even open a document, you have to have the full version.
It's not a free version! You cannot even try to create a document. May be full version... but I want to try before
For me, it's the gold standard i've used since the Palm ruled. Google Docs integration is nice too. HTC EVO.
This app has suddenly stopped working. I get nothing but forced closes. I've lost access to my important files!
Not a bad app. Sometimes I'm unable to download a word document for some reason but I'm satisfied overall. EVO 4G
Not a bad app. Sometimes I'm unable to download a word document for some reason but I'm satisfied overall. EVO 4G
Demo is just an ad for the paid version, it doesnt do anything but take you to their site to pay for the full version. Thanks for the waste of my time
Demo is just an ad for the paid version, it doesnt do anything but take you to their site to pay for the full version. Thanks for the waste of my time
Flawless operation, great product. I upgraded to the full version and have not been disappointed, worth the price.
Used for several months with no problems. Today, cannot open any documents period, java errors. EVO 4G
One of the best apps on the market but even better if you go ahead and buy the license key.
Does everything I expected. I'm a pilot and love how easy it was to create a spreadsheet to enter and keep a running total of flight times.
No free test of editing of google docs. I'm not paying just on a chance it might do what I need. Dataviz, let people have a time limited demo at least
This is just a hook for you to buy program. It doesn't let you open. Doc or plain text document. What a waste of time.
Free ver. should have unlocked features for ltd. time to better evaluate and decide purchase. Any app may view docs, how good is yours for editing?
Like full version I had on a previous tablet. I have the reg number and key in my email. No way to enter it for this tablet. Not spending money again
could not live without it makes life so much easier on the go mad kudos
Can't get a good feel of its capabilities in free vers & all negative reviews seem more realistic than the positive reviews.
Great application! We travel day with our work, and live or die by the ability to quickly view documents. This app does the job!
After already purchasing it, A re-install I tried would not "pair my new phone. They no longer give any phone support, can't even get a hold of sales!
WTF!? PDF has no search or go to functions. For a long document, it's USELESS.
WTF!? PDF has no search or go to functions. For a long document, it's USELESS.
WTF!? PDF has no search or go to functions. For a long document, it's USELESS.
Perfect! Fantastic for those situations where a laptop isn't practical and you need to capture that info for later use
Works as expected. Takes some getting used to with formatting pages in Word and Excel, but once you're passed that it's a good app.
Was working great in Froyo, but some critical functions such as column edits are broken in Gingerbread. Please fix!
Works great anytime I need it, does just what it says. Very easy once you get used to it
Loved this app on Froyo, but I seem to be missing some features on Gingerbread...
Loved this app on Froyo, but I seem to be missing some features on Gingerbread...
Lousy interface. Bought full and can not insert images into docs or power point. No response from developer. Crap. Save your money.
Giving it one star because I'm tried to open word sheet in MS and it says it's not a VALID Microsoft Word, please fix
This seems to be the best paid app on android app store! A must have.
This seems to be the best paid app on android app store! A must have.
Won't work HTC2 it winters let me edit the docs without buying the full version
Piece of crap. Terrible support. I sent them an explanation of my installation problems and received an Out of Office auto reply message! Real pros!
It's shows to be a cool app, but still. This trail is not a good trail, enless you don't wonna try enything.
I've used Dataviz since I had Palm pdas and loved it. I still think this is the best office suite money can buy.
I gave this app a 5 before the latest upgrade added full tracked changes functionality. Now it is a true collaboration tool for Word docs. Thank you!
I gave this app a 5 before the latest upgrade added full tracked changes functionality. Now it is a true collaboration tool for Word docs. Thank you!
Great! Open & edit Office files from the phone and view PDFs. Get the full version it's worth it.
Previous phone had free document to go installed and no subscription or purchase was required.
Previous phone had free document to go installed and no subscription or purchase was required.
Greatest app EVER... I can review all of my work spreadsheets, add formulas and format cells...
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
Can't read small details in presentation since I can't zoom. Won't buy unless I am sure I can read the powerpoint slides.
DataViz is far superior to QuickOffice for MS Office documents. They have been creating apps for MS Office on smartphones for years.
Love this been using it for a while small bug at mo since last update sure it will be put right very soon.
Like this for excel & word docs, but please add bookmarking facility for use with pdfs - currently need separate app for reading ebooks
Should probably be 3 stars, but the other office productivity apps are pretty much worthless. MT4G/2.2.1.
Should probably be 3 stars, but the other office productivity apps are pretty much worthless. MT4G/2.2.1.
What a way to go green. Now i can bring elec docs to meetings without dragging my laptop in. When they speed up Pdf page turning they get 5 stars.
Why does it need permission to access phone calls and messages?... This seams irrelivent to the function of the app?..
Best Android app for word docs. Better if "copy/paste", font changes, etc did not require menus to access.
I love this program. Works great no problems. Simple to use. Works on Droid X and Samsung Galaxy.
Been using it since palm OS. Excellent for my purposes. She it sync with Xoom will get 5 stars. Xoom,Thunderbolt and iPod.
Been using it since palm OS. Excellent for my purposes. She it sync with Xoom will get 5 stars. Xoom,Thunderbolt and iPod.
The Word editor has a lot of quirks that frustrate me to the point I wish I had an alternative. It keeps dismissing the keyboard, and other issues.
The Word editor has a lot of quirks that frustrate me to the point I wish I had an alternative. It keeps dismissing the keyboard, and other issues.
Good App, with extensive revision notes; which should be required, by Google, for ALL Paid Android Market Apps.
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
Mobile office as it should be.Long time ago I've used DtG on my SE g900 and since than it's my must have
I've used DTG since palm os5. Dont waste time with the free, dataviz is good and isn't a startup. DTG does evrythg I expected & more. $15 is a value
I bought QuickOffice first for Android as it had slightly better reviews but I had to find out that it doesn't support password protected files (the iOS version does)...so I bought Documents to Go which has this feature...in general DTG seems like the more mature product on Android.
Wow what a pice of sh##! Disabled to the point of unusable. Not to mention it messed up my file associations. Crap ware do not install!
Wow what a pice of sh##! Disabled to the point of unusable. Not to mention it messed up my file associations. Crap ware do not install!
A must have if you're like me and on the go for your own business. Marc
HUAN who gives a crap of ur opinion of anyone that Post on here you friggin Nerd.. Great App
HUAN who gives a crap of ur opinion of anyone that Post on here you friggin Nerd.. Great App
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
First impressions are v good, crisp, self-explanatory to use, only really use for word and a little Excel, seems v good. Worth the £10. Wildfire.
Recent updates made this app much faster and smoother, and good at handling very large PDF files.
Recent updates made this app much faster and smoother, and good at handling very large PDF files.
Finally does what I need it to do! So much better than Google's pathetic offering.
Free version works very well - I like its capability. Not like desktop Office but is a nice mobile version. No problems with EVO 4 G
I have used documents to go since I had a Sony Clie with monochrome screen. That to me says it is the best choice for MS Office document handling.
I have this app installed on my Galaxy Tab for about 6 weeks now and i cant fault it. Its quick and easy to use. Keep up the good work.
This free version is essentially useless. Its only a document reader (and it doesn't even read PDF files), something that 95% of all Android devices already come with. The paid version is decent, and is really the only reason you'd ever want to bother with this (its needed for the paid version).
This free version is essentially useless. Its only a document reader (and it doesn't even read PDF files), something that 95% of all Android devices already come with. The paid version is decent, and is really the only reason you'd ever want to bother with this (its needed for the paid version).
This is good on the Samsung Transform, When I access my emails on my phone now I can download and read what documents are attached to the emails from yahoo, hotmail, and gmail.
It looks like it could be a nice application, but so many of the features it says it has are locked so I can't tell if it is any better than others.
When I downloaded the free trial it worked with all ppt so I decided to buy the full version, unfortunately it doesn't work after i paid for it.
There is no option to pair this docs to go on my DROID pro with my mac docs to go. No "add desktop" button????
I got the paid version and the Google docs wouldn't connect, please fix, HTC wildfire
I love this application it makes my life so easier. Combine it with dropbox for an a plus! Definately needed if you are a student.
This app combined with ASTRO file manager is the shizee! Since u cant delete docs from docs to go, u can just go into yoir files and delete them.
Used to work great but now on my new thunderbolt it will not connect. Tried using the support pages and still does it. There is no way to contact them
It's great. Works like a charm in my Superpad. Didn't care for the PDF reader though.
It's great. Works like a charm in my Superpad. Didn't care for the PDF reader though.
Anything you want to do requires the full version and what doesn't opened my browser. There's not much incentive to buy this product.
This should have a widget like the one on Google docs! Then it would be perfect!!!
Revenge for abandoning webOS and its users after making us/them wait so long for an app. F*ck Dataviz...never will I buy your products.
I love this app. I get inventory, schedules, and letters done, and I can figure out complex formulas in excel.
I like the Google Docs sync. Perfect. Perhaps there should be some icon's for tools. Else, the best.
I like the Google Docs sync. Perfect. Perhaps there should be some icon's for tools. Else, the best.
DTG won't let you create new docs and edit features in free version. Office Suite Pro does, which is why I'd rather support them. Plus OSP works well.
DTG won't let you create new docs and edit features in free version. Office Suite Pro does, which is why I'd rather support them. Plus OSP works well.
I love it! I accomplish so many things due to this wonderful app! I just wish it had spell check!
This is crap. No free tryout on epic 4g. My old Palm Pre free all day long.
This is crap. No free tryout on epic 4g. My old Palm Pre free all day long.
Free?? There is not even a free trial to check it out. Free trial would be the way to go. Uninstalling.
Wow great work on this works great I especially like the pdf viewer. Needs rtf support though....
Wow great work on this works great I especially like the pdf viewer. Needs rtf support though....
Wow great work on this works great I especially like the pdf viewer. Needs rtf support though....
Hey the paid app works great for my optimus v, so all yall cry babies just put up the money and shut up
Worthless. Only let's you view documents. You can't create new ones without buying the upgrade.
Good, just what I expected. However one flaw that I ran into was an occasional poorly loaded xls spreadsheet that did not properly display :-/
Buy something else. There are serious issues going back over 6 months that still aren't fixed. The forum is locked, support is impossible to contact.
This app works. Downloaded full version and would not unlock and kept asking for credit card number. We shall start with this and possibly move into full version. HTC Inspire
Perfect syncing with Google docs! Good PDF viewing and Office Docs. Works great on N1 w/ CM7
This app os really good...i can actually take part of my job in my cell and work outside office
This app os really good...i can actually take part of my job in my cell and work outside office
This app os really good...i can actually take part of my job in my cell and work outside office
Great app. 5 stars if they didn't put a nag screen on the PAID version forcing you to 'register' and give you email! Totally out of bounds!!
This app will not let me look at my documents without full version. Deleted after 10 minutes
I have used DataViz Documents To Go 2.0 on BlackBerry for two years. When I needed it it always worked. Now it's a no-brainer to have it on the G2. I like the Documents To Go programs, but the PDF Viewer is the best there is and I use that the most. I also love the Documents To Go FILES for synchronizing documents and folders with my PC. THIS ROCKS! Buy it and never look back.
When using Word doc., it's not easy to select word then highlight or change format. Need to improve for ease of use.
Trial dosn't include many features, no PDF, but very annoying selling the full version. Will get something else.
Needs an .rtf reader
Needs an .rtf reader
All I need is a way to save a document from gmail. But that is a premium feature. Why would I pay all that money for just that.
Works great. Opens my excel spreadsheets that my office program that came pre installed on the phone couldn't.
Works good, pdf function needs some tweaking. Working on documents is a breeze with this.
Did part of my Senior Capstone Project with this app in the paid for version. Love it.
When i purchased this app like a dream its really amazing helping me a lot in my work
When i purchased this app like a dream its really amazing helping me a lot in my work
Excel copies data from one cell over all the other cells whenever I open a file... older versions did not do this. Any fix coming?
I'm using this also within an iPhone, so whoever makes anything with any of docs, my warmest wishes for full version of it. Excellent
I updated three times in the same minute. Not working. And had to pay twice. What the hell is wrong with you people.
NICE! Love that it stores docs on SD card (note: must have a separate file mgr to open saved docs). Considering full ver. Droid Inc 2.2.
i use this for work and it dose everything i need. works perfectly with Microsoft office 2010 so far i have not found file i can not open or edit.
One of the most functional android apps i have found, use it to view, edit, and sync wih google docs, works perfect :full version: HTC Thunderbolt
I purchased full version and loved it. My Droid needed a hard reset and now I can not get full version back. Contacted support but no reply.
I purchased full version and loved it. My Droid needed a hard reset and now I can not get full version back. Contacted support but no reply.
Works great, I just wish there was better gingerbread support; I can't use the sliding letter selector in the word portion. Also ddefault keyboard on.
I got license. Works pretty good with office files, but its not good with PDF files, even the small 1 page ones.
I got license. Works pretty good with office files, but its not good with PDF files, even the small 1 page ones.
I got license. Works pretty good with office files, but its not good with PDF files, even the small 1 page ones.
It works perfectly. Now I can type notes in class on my android tablet!
No search in google docs, QuickOffice opens more files with less errors. Worth maybe $10.
Great free app. Get the full version. It got me a raise cause I could edit a resume from my HTC Hero. :-) WHCIII
Works great for reading word files in school email. Wish full wasn't ten bucks. Wish PDF had a free view.
Works great for reading word files in school email. Wish full wasn't ten bucks. Wish PDF had a free view.
Could do with a spell checker, but put this on a decent tablet with a bluetooth keyboard and you can work on documents literally anyhere! (paid versn)
Great, doing homework on the move is so useful, and full functionality of word, meaning direct email to my teachers
Couldn't open a PDF on it unless I bought the full version. Quickoffice free let me open it no problem.
Invaluable Business App! Would be great to incorp. *.RTF editing support in future. App has made my mobile ops far more efficient. HTC DESIRE.
This app rocks. Works flawlessly with G Docs and MS Office files. Browses files on device as good as any file manager.
This app rocks. Works flawlessly with G Docs and MS Office files. Browses files on device as good as any file manager.
You can't open a single thing with the free version. Only prompts you to buy the full version.
This app is beyond awesome, I've never had any problems and the full version key is worth the money. Moto backflip.
This app is beyond awesome, I've never had any problems and the full version key is worth the money. Moto backflip.
This app is beyond awesome, I've never had any problems and the full version key is worth the money. Moto backflip.
Would be great if it remembered where I was up to rather than scrolling through the whole file to get back there
Would be great if it remembered where I was up to rather than scrolling through the whole file to get back there
Use this app to open documents in emails. Use Google docs to store, edit, & gain access to your saved docs from anywhere including your phone.
Works great for all my files at work. Dell Streak & Nook Color with CM7
Absolutely great. I wrote an essay for school on this on the go w/ full key. a must have application. DROID
It would be a five star if I could get back to my drafted emails. All-n-all I love this app.
Not easy to use on the Xoom. Having to purchase and decide within 15 mins if it meets your needs is mind boggling. Refunded.
The best app there is ever for MS office suite. Used it initially with my HTC g1 and now with HTC inspire and it works like a charm Thankyou
Love this is great app still use it on a palm but that device dying. Want to copy a sheet but couldn't get that to work. Any suggestions?
Great app, if you need to bed able to view msoffice apps without editing this is for you. Only con: removes file password protection
Great app, if you need to bed able to view msoffice apps without editing this is for you. Only con: removes file password protection
A suite I know from Palm but it doesn't seem to integrate perfectly and I've not been able to open .xlsx files. These issues now fixed! Thank you.
A suite I know from Palm but it doesn't seem to integrate perfectly and I've not been able to open .xlsx files. These issues now fixed! Thank you.
Thus far product delivers... A couple of problems with sd and write protect but DataViz offers tech. support. This is good.
recommend it for when you have stuff to do outside of the office . HTC Evo .
This very good, shows custom formats in spreadsheets very well. Don't bother with quickoffice, this is the best for android.
Well David, it really depends on what you want to do. I just needed an app that would neatly organize my files, and this does a great job... for me! X
Well David, it really depends on what you want to do. I just needed an app that would neatly organize my files, and this does a great job... for me! X
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Typical d2g-no progress. Desktop usb sync & no integration w/dropbox? Isn't this 2011? Useless w/no access 2 my files. QuickOffice it is.
Did not want to rate this cos I had no chance to use any of the features without upgrading to paid version. So I rate it zero, zilch, nada and useless
Did not want to rate this cos I had no chance to use any of the features without upgrading to paid version. So I rate it zero, zilch, nada and useless
Did not want to rate this cos I had no chance to use any of the features without upgrading to paid version. So I rate it zero, zilch, nada and useless
Did not want to rate this cos I had no chance to use any of the features without upgrading to paid version. So I rate it zero, zilch, nada and useless
Purchased full version on Motorola & Xoom! Used copy&paste on a doc & it caused app to crash & lost all changes.
Wouldn't let me e-mail it 2 print it out...idk why...you also cant see how many pages you have... the preveous reviews are lies!!
Wouldn't let me e-mail it 2 print it out...idk why...you also cant see how many pages you have... the preveous reviews are lies!!
Wouldn't let me e-mail it 2 print it out...idk why...you also cant see how many pages you have... the preveous reviews are lies!!
Seems like it would be nce on my 7inch tablet, but needs pro to do it. Should have a way to actually try document editing. Not going to buy key.
Overall user interface & design a bit clunky. On the plus side, the ability to link with Google Docs is great.
This app is so useful that I did not need to replace my computer when it died. I use it to work on a book that is 500 pages long so far!
Great app. Been using it since my PalmOS days. For the one who complained that she "need[ed] 2 create a new [document]", you have to buy the full app.
Ecellent app use it everyday. I have almost completely replaced my laptop. Use it with Galaxy Tab and keyboard. Awsome app. I Highly recommend this!!!
Ecellent app use it everyday. I have almost completely replaced my laptop. Use it with Galaxy Tab and keyboard. Awsome app. I Highly recommend this!!!
Ecellent app use it everyday. I have almost completely replaced my laptop. Use it with Galaxy Tab and keyboard. Awsome app. I Highly recommend this!!!
Tons of capability, enjoy having files sync'd with desktop and thus always available.
Zoom buttons too much in the way in excel. An option to hide them please. Otherwise recommended.
limited Excel functionality. for beginners, most formulas doesn't work, viewer is all this is. Last update I was prompted to pay, no support from Dv
Anyone that works with MicroSoft office needs this porgram. It's the best one of on the market.
Please update to let me install on SD card especially since this is a pretty big app.
Please update to let me install on SD card especially since this is a pretty big app.
Have found this app invaluable! Was a great asset while I did the rewrites on my book and has been great for PDFs downloaded from the net.
No open document support... so this app is useless unless your a total Microsoft slave as that's all it supports is Microsofts proprietary formats.
It sucks because you can't do anything it wants you to buy the full version
It sucks because you can't do anything it wants you to buy the full version
Seems to work good on evo. Would like spreadsheet cells that are number formated to open number pad first instead of text screen first.
I bought this on 10/29/10 and now it wants me to buy it again! That is not good customer service. I will not buy again.
This is a wonderful app. Syncs perfectly with my gdocs. I'm happy. Dell Streak 7
This is a wonderful app. Syncs perfectly with my gdocs. I'm happy. Dell Streak 7
This is a wonderful app. Syncs perfectly with my gdocs. I'm happy. Dell Streak 7
Almost every feature is locked. How is this a trial if I can't actually try anything?
Almost every feature is locked. How is this a trial if I can't actually try anything?
I love it, but needs to be able to work with dropbox and other online services.
I love it, but needs to be able to work with dropbox and other online services.
I think its okay. If your able to view comments that are protected, then 5 stars. Going back to office suites pro. Office suites also has 30 day trial
Latest upgrade won't install if installed on your SD card. Must move to phone, update, then move back to card - OG DROID
No other app have I paid this much for,but I'm my opinion it is well worth it. I use this app every day. Works great on evo.
This is by far the beat office app available. The sync with my pc is very simple and to be able to star frequent files is fantastic. HTC Inspire 2.2
Very limited, pesters you to upgrade. Takes 5MB of device memory even after moving to SD. Docs asks my Google pass!? I'd pay $5 for Full, no more.
Very limited, pesters you to upgrade. Takes 5MB of device memory even after moving to SD. Docs asks my Google pass!? I'd pay $5 for Full, no more.
Very limited, pesters you to upgrade. Takes 5MB of device memory even after moving to SD. Docs asks my Google pass!? I'd pay $5 for Full, no more.
Probably nice, but refers me to the market version when I want to use the handy features (gg sync/create/document).
Probably nice, but refers me to the market version when I want to use the handy features (gg sync/create/document).
If u need to do work while on the go, u need this. Doing paperwork on my phone while away from the office, is well worth the price. Nice UI.
If u need to do work while on the go, u need this. Doing paperwork on my phone while away from the office, is well worth the price. Nice UI.
my most important and used app, I would give it 10 stars if I could ********** there !
The full vesion does not open docx files which sadly limits its usefulness. An update to fix The shortcoming would be an urgent addition.
.Unable to evaluate Google integration. This is the only reason I would want it, so this version is useless..
I love, love, love this app. I bought it the second I traded in my palm. It does Everything I need it do. I use it everyday.
you people who are complaining about not being able to write Word documents on the app need to shut up. read the description before you install.....
you people who are complaining about not being able to write Word documents on the app need to shut up. read the description before you install.....
Everything is on the paid virsion, you can even right a microsoft word doc because its on the paid version. UNINSTALL!
Everything is on the paid virsion, you can even right a microsoft word doc because its on the paid version. UNINSTALL!
Worth the $ at half off. My hacked WPDN now does what my laptop does. BTW - works only with Office 2007+ files.
Documents to go in nice to have when you are not near a PC. The first time you use it you will see how valuable the Software is to have.
I've loved DataViz since my 1st Palm. Stop wasting your money and buy this app. This will handle all your mobile Office & White Paper needs. It rocks!
I've loved DataViz since my 1st Palm. Stop wasting your money and buy this app. This will handle all your mobile Office & White Paper needs. It rocks!
I've loved DataViz since my 1st Palm. Stop wasting your money and buy this app. This will handle all your mobile Office & White Paper needs. It rocks!
As a business owner having access to all my desktop documents is awesome. Worth the full purchase!
Great App! Have used for last 6 months. Well worth the $$. PDF To Go & account verification much faster in latest v3.002 Droid froyo 2.2.1
Great App! Have used for last 6 months. Well worth the $$. PDF To Go & account verification much faster in latest v3.002 Droid froyo 2.2.1
Can we get mac support sometime? Even the iPhone version does not offer sync with Mac..
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
The newest version (3) is not compatible for Thai language in Galaxy tab, it alway crash when open word document. I switch back to the old version!
People say they have to re-buy this app- not true. From website:*PLEASE NOTE: ALL updates for Documents To Go for Android are FREE. If you alrea
People say they have to re-buy this app- not true. From website:*PLEASE NOTE: ALL updates for Documents To Go for Android are FREE. If you alrea
The last update made doc better... (fixed the account verification delay everytime it opened). Thanks. Great app. Search included.
Great app I use it for work all the time, but need to keep the free version on phone in order for the paid version to work
Works great but I wish you could put a picture or a simple diagram in excel.
Works great but I wish you could put a picture or a simple diagram in excel.
Great for checking invoices on the go before forwarding out. Great for reading and saving docs and edit spreadsheets
Great for checking invoices on the go before forwarding out. Great for reading and saving docs and edit spreadsheets
Great for checking invoices on the go before forwarding out. Great for reading and saving docs and edit spreadsheets
Great for checking invoices on the go before forwarding out. Great for reading and saving docs and edit spreadsheets
Great for checking invoices on the go before forwarding out. Great for reading and saving docs and edit spreadsheets
Great app since I first used it on my Palm handheld device & they provided good support. You are given option to view change log on their Web site.
Great app since I first used it on my Palm handheld device & they provided good support. You are given option to view change log on their Web site.
Changed from five stars to one star, until change-log posted in market. Also, refuse to update app, until change-log posted.
I used this years ago on my palm pilot and it was great then. Its even better on android. Best money spent on an app!
I used this years ago on my palm pilot and it was great then. Its even better on android. Best money spent on an app!
I used this years ago on my palm pilot and it was great then. Its even better on android. Best money spent on an app!
This is SUCH a great app/good value.Allows me to work when i have to make critical changes. New Google docs tie in is great. Outstanding. Moto Droid.
Frank Bird... What a great app.... extends the usefulness of the Android phone by using Google apps, and seamlessly.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
This app. works great on my Galaxy Tab. It is a must have for those who have the Tab, Evo or other devices that you need to create Word docs.
Ugly application, nothing like iPhone version It's easy to see that the android version of docs to go has taken a backseat to the iphone version. Horrible user interface, with no quick toggles at the lower part of the screen like on the iphone version. Version 3.0 uses the same ugly primitive UI that was found in version 1.0 and 2.0. Avoid until we're taken seriously.
I bought this a while back... When I update it, it says the liscense is no good...
Beats all the others. The only negative is that you can't edit headers and footers
Beats all the others. The only negative is that you can't edit headers and footers
Works great. Upgraded to full version. I have used on palm in the past. It keeps getting better.
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
.txt support would be nice. If you can do doc then txt should be cake walk for you
Does not have dropbox integration like their ios version booo. I want my money back
Does not have dropbox integration like their ios version booo. I want my money back
Love how hostile people get in comments. You would think they'd paid 3 grand for it.
Excellent. I was using an earlier version on a PDA since before there were smartphones, and ruled out buying any phone that wasn't compatible.
no changelog, no update. Last update wrecked this app's usability. Remove phone-home, bring back open to most-recently-used, pls.
I absolutely love this app.....im in school n it makes my life easier to be able to type my papers at work. It is awesome and worth every penny!
Sun of the b.i.t.ch. I've paid for it and now I have to buy it again ???!!! Worst ever!
The only good thing about this app is the doc viewer. Can't zoom slides. Title bar and ad bar takes too much space. No changelog in market.
Nothing else compares. After all these years, still the Gold Standard for managing Office files & Adobe pdf. Now has the old desktop manager, too!
Still among the best. Don't take all the comments at face value. Full version works great.
Still among the best. Don't take all the comments at face value. Full version works great.
Still among the best. Don't take all the comments at face value. Full version works great.
The changelog is on their website. I don't know whether some of you commentors are stupid or just lazy.
Best office app out on android tried the others but this does it all for me. works great with gmail for attachments on Desire rooted.
Best office app out on android tried the others but this does it all for me. works great with gmail for attachments on Desire rooted.
Best office app out on android tried the others but this does it all for me. works great with gmail for attachments on Desire rooted.
Great App! Works flawlessly, it also retains all document formatting! Highly recommended!
Horrible, i d-loaded, it says i can view email attachments...B S it wants me to purchase, it stats purchase if you want to edit, wont even let me view
Horrible, i d-loaded, it says i can view email attachments...B S it wants me to purchase, it stats purchase if you want to edit, wont even let me view
Horrible, i d-loaded, it says i can view email attachments...B S it wants me to purchase, it stats purchase if you want to edit, wont even let me view
Garbage. Okay for working on docs on phone, but need access to computer to transfer files. Pay to wirelessly transfer or up/download to gDocs?? Crap!
Garbage. Okay for working on docs on phone, but need access to computer to transfer files. Pay to wirelessly transfer or up/download to gDocs?? Crap!
Can't upgrade an app I paid for because I have a modded OS? Wow. Way to miss the point of using Android instead of iOS.
Can't upgrade an app I paid for because I have a modded OS? Wow. Way to miss the point of using Android instead of iOS.
This does NOT run on a Samsung Galaxy S. I9000. Was led to.believe it would.
I like the app a lot its really convenient when applying 4 jobs on the go. Thinking about purchasing full version mytouch4
Jonathan. If I remember it right, Menu-About-Menu. I had to request a new key(automated), but it is there.
Does not open rtf, pocket word, office 2010, OpenOffice. Way too little value for the money.
Not worth down loading. Cannot do anything with free version. Can only view files they install.
Works great on my T-Mobile G2 (Froyo). Bought the full version & never regretted it. Highly recommend if u want a comprehensive word processor.
Its good but not the best...if you use quickoffice once u will never look back for this....
Hey, how about Left to right support & compatibility for hebrew VS pc support? GALAXY S. Thanks.
Works well on the Evo 4G. Free vers only read docs, except pdf. Paid vers allows editing, including copy & paste. Has google doc sync. no Dropbox
Works well on the Evo 4G. Free vers only read docs, except pdf. Paid vers allows editing, including copy & paste. Has google doc sync. no Dropbox
5 Stars if it supported csv format in the spreadsheet editor....other than that a perfect app!
People complaining about the free app should cough up the price for the full version. It works perfectly with Google Docs and syncs with your pc.
Works great. Imported my financial spreadsheet from Google with no problems and updates Google right after i save. Since Google cant do it, this works
Excellent app for an office suite on the go. Solid compatibility, rich in useful features. Highly recommended.
Excellent app for an office suite on the go. Solid compatibility, rich in useful features. Highly recommended.
Love this app only complaint is can't merge cells please update this soon its a must for excel.
Love this app only complaint is can't merge cells please update this soon its a must for excel.
Beyond awesome! Works perfect. Must have for frequent microsoft users. I love technology and...my Droid X!!!
Ok, this sounds good, but I don't really know if if will work or not. There should be a trial period before I have to buy it!
Cannot evaluate, cannot even open pdf to see if i would like it. I will buy something else then...
Cannot evaluate, cannot even open pdf to see if i would like it. I will buy something else then...
Cannot evaluate, cannot even open pdf to see if i would like it. I will buy something else then...
What a tremendous waste of time! Deleted it in the first two minutes of using it.
Office on my Droid X, what more could one ask for? Great app! Worth the money!
Office on my Droid X, what more could one ask for? Great app! Worth the money!
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
I might just be spoiled due to my (long) PalmOS time. It was easier to use there. I've bought the full v. Support is amazing.
Help. Tried to re download full version . Bought insurance . Need 800 customer service number. I paid full version and multiple download insurance.
Great app, no problems found (yet)...would love to see printing capabilities though...
Love the app. Used it on my palm before I got my droid x. Had a couple issues getting the desktop loaded on the droid version. But was resolved
Wont let me download downloaded before but cant now 1 star whould uninstall if i had the app. Tmobile G1
Wont let me download downloaded before but cant now 1 star whould uninstall if i had the app. Tmobile G1
Wont let me download downloaded before but cant now 1 star whould uninstall if i had the app. Tmobile G1
This is a great application! This application lets me totally leave the laptop behind for meetings!
This is a great application! This application lets me totally leave the laptop behind for meetings!
Excellent app just outstanding. Stop crying cause u can't afford 15 bucks or u can't afford better phone. Stop the childish feedbacks and program one.
I use this app everyday ad is by far one of the best apps for somebody that is always on the go.
I use this app everyday ad is by far one of the best apps for somebody that is always on the go.
It seems to work really well so far. I am very glad I purchased it.
It is so good and useful when full version But there are some issue when I use Chinese input by keyborad
Downloaded this to read pdfs. They don't tell you that's only in the paid version until you've already downloaded it.
This is awesome, I have the full version and it was worth every penny. Using on G2
Couldn't open anything even in read only. It felt like my IT department took it over. They should at least supply a sample document.
I use this app for more than an year and it really serves all business support needs. No exceptions and no major failures.
Works great! I like the ease of use and rotatable feature. Keep up the good work!
Works great! I like the ease of use and rotatable feature. Keep up the good work!
One of the first apps I uploaded when I replaced my phone. I use this almost every day.
Puchased this for my Samsung Galaxy Tab to enable me to edit files away from the office and love it. One of my better buys for the tablet so far.
I can't honestly find any negative comments. This program quickly opens every type of MS document I throw at it. Wonderful at editing on the go too.
Tried using for excel. Able to open document created on computer, but only pay version allows editing and creating. useless for on the go excel
Good one. Five if problems with documents downloaded from email attachment cant be opened fixed.
I love this app and bought it right away when it came out....but....can you add a quick button to pull up the keyboard in the wotd app?
This is a great app to have especially if u open attachments through your email. I love it... thanks
I HATE the fact you have to pay for this when the apparently comes on the phone - other phones I did not have to pay for very disappointed!!!!!!
The very first full version of any installed software that I truly felt was necessary to purchase. Congrats on amaking very user-friendly interface.
The very first full version of any installed software that I truly felt was necessary to purchase. Congrats on amaking very user-friendly interface.
Best app for droid, oped protected documents, google apps work, and seamless syncing with my computer!
Best office app on Android, well worth the money, will rate 5 stars when spell check is added...
Excellent. 9.99 to create and edit word and Excel docs. Very cheap. I use this everyday
THIS APP SUCK U NEED TO BUY THE FULL APP TO ACCESS EVERYTHING THIS APP IS NOT FREE ..
I have downloaded this free version toevaluate how it worked with PDF files, but it does not let me open PDFs!!! Massive fail, waste of time
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Pasted data from one document over another. So much for all of those books that I was planning on reading.
Doesn't do anything without full version! Can't even copy text from documents I open with it. Uninstall!
The best for editing. For those who want to print, you have to transfer the docs by syncing to a computer. No smartphone prints that I know of.
Search web for quick office. Its free and does everything this paid version does. Documents to go free is junk and worthless. Wont even open .pdf!!!
Can't open PDFs from Google Docs after last update. Several others have reported the same problem in the comments section of the full version
Can't believe I can view my powerpoints and other documents for school on the go.
Absolutely love this app. Had to uninstall due to lack of space. It even opened the pictures in the documents! Droid Eris.
I am glad there's Android version. Its like an extension of Microsoft Office on the go. PDF viewer is great too. Really a great app.
I am glad there's Android version. Its like an extension of Microsoft Office on the go. PDF viewer is great too. Really a great app.
Awesome app. Wish it wasn't so exp to go pro. Still 5 stars. DInc 2.2
After having full version on iphone wasn't impressed at all with free android version. Samsung captivate.
Doesn't support/display charts? No use.. There are others which are way better.. :/
Doesn't support/display charts? No use.. There are others which are way better.. :/
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Slow to open, requires more steps to open recent docs. Header, icons & doc dates use up screen. V 2 = 5 stars!
Pd version flawless. Cable syncs with my computer & also online with Google Docs. Love the docs editing capabilities. Worth $. LG Ally.
Pd version flawless. Cable syncs with my computer & also online with Google Docs. Love the docs editing capabilities. Worth $. LG Ally.
Reads all of my .doc files in the same text style, colors, size etc and easily locates them on my Android device.
Solid product. Love being able to edit on the go. Version 3 is the best.
Solid product. Love being able to edit on the go. Version 3 is the best.
Solid product. Love being able to edit on the go. Version 3 is the best.
Does everything documents that youd ever need your cell phone to be able to do. Its great.
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
The built-in text editor, memo, handles text much better. The only reason why I even gave it a single star was because it actually does export .doc...
It does not let me test anything. Seem nice but will not pay 15 untill i can try. Make it time trial... epic 4g
It does not let me test anything. Seem nice but will not pay 15 untill i can try. Make it time trial... epic 4g
It does not let me test anything. Seem nice but will not pay 15 untill i can try. Make it time trial... epic 4g
Good app. Skip the other cheaper alternatives. This one actually is useful and functional.
Seems to be a faster office viewer than other apps on the market. Would still like to see a more 'minimalistic' app if possible.
Seems to be a faster office viewer than other apps on the market. Would still like to see a more 'minimalistic' app if possible.
Great product! All for 10 dollars! FYI: you do not have to pay again to upgrade. If you have problems contact Dataviz.
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
I bought it before and uninstalled it. Now I reinstalled it and key in my activation code and it said my code is invalid! What's wrong with you!
Fits everything I need. Had been using it since my Palm days. Still DViz puts a pricey tag. We need it we buy it, dnt push the market!!
Fits everything I need. Had been using it since my Palm days. Still DViz puts a pricey tag. We need it we buy it, dnt push the market!!
Fits everything I need. Had been using it since my Palm days. Still DViz puts a pricey tag. We need it we buy it, dnt push the market!!
Solid 4. I'd give a 5 if it was a slightly smaller hit on memory. Very worth buying.
Solid 4. I'd give a 5 if it was a slightly smaller hit on memory. Very worth buying.
I love this app, I've been running it for a long time on a bb now on the droid x it's ten times better. Has a trash can now for easy deletion.
I love this app, I've been running it for a long time on a bb now on the droid x it's ten times better. Has a trash can now for easy deletion.
Free version doesn't seem to let you do anything but upgrade to the paid version. Uninstalled. HTC Incredible
Free version doesn't seem to let you do anything but upgrade to the paid version. Uninstalled. HTC Incredible
It will be more great if I can disable horizontal scrolling in pdf to go when zooming, hide status bar, and view smart art of office 2010
I cannot ever view any documents with this program. Just simple word documents. Would love to know what the problem is.
This is so useful I wrote my school paper and power on it and it got an a.
Have to pay again to use after update. Brings Android market to disrepute with their shenanigans.
By far the best mobile office suite. Integrates with Google docs and can do pretty much everything MS office can and then some. Frequently updated.
how do I contact the dev this so wake no email... dev please add pinch in zoom for PDF and the other app as well.
Latest version is fantastic. Only improvement would be to have a function allowing saving to google docs
Excellent and convient little appear that can do a lot of things. Use it when on the go...
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
Works very well. I use it to review docs during meetings without having to bring in the laptop or kill a tree.
The previous version was OK. Now this bites. I had full version. Now I have to buy a new key!!!? Bug off. Lost my support. Get rid of network authenti
The previous version was OK. Now this bites. I had full version. Now I have to buy a new key!!!? Bug off. Lost my support. Get rid of network authenti
You added google docs support but do not let me upload files from my phone?
You added google docs support but do not let me upload files from my phone?
This app sucks...you have to buy the full version to unlock anything. Shouldn't be free because it's not!
This app sucks...you have to buy the full version to unlock anything. Shouldn't be free because it's not!
This app sucks...you have to buy the full version to unlock anything. Shouldn't be free because it's not!
@inprob... Toolbars? More of a user interface? Get a computer, you're using a phone for crying out loud. This app is a wonderful tool!
Great! Google docs feature now fixed.Regains 2 stars. Wishlist: rtf support. N1 os2.2
Great! Google docs feature now fixed.Regains 2 stars. Wishlist: rtf support. N1 os2.2
Well I Havent used yet so I can't on this phone but I use before on other phones it works wonderful so I hope it that same here this DROID because we.
I have used DTG since v.4 on a Palm device. I don't need it often, but I would not want to be without it.
By far the best document suite available. I have used it on Palm smartphones, iPhone and now on Android (Evo). Free version is more than adequate.
Excellent app.; Version 3 is exquisite. Nicely done DataViz. And thank you for not charging customers to update to the much improved v.3.
Excellent app.; Version 3 is exquisite. Nicely done DataViz. And thank you for not charging customers to update to the much improved v.3.
Bought the pay version. Well worth it. I'm a writer and I use Docs to Go Word to write on the train during my commute. Moto Droid.
Bought the pay version. Well worth it. I'm a writer and I use Docs to Go Word to write on the train during my commute. Moto Droid.
Perfect for me as a student. I'm able to bring up all my notes and powerpoints... Never have a problem
Great app,works perfectly and it works with all of the items that have been compained about.
Love this app! Great for those that travel and need the ability to compose and edit your docs.
Working well but interface could be improved to load docs quicker without returning to main menu. I wish it worked with WordPerfect.
Still does not remember what page/location you were on when reading pdf files. This is a must!!
Awesome app, a definite must have. I don't have a need for the paid version yet, but I will pay if the need arises.
Awesome app, a definite must have. I don't have a need for the paid version yet, but I will pay if the need arises.
Awesome app, a definite must have. I don't have a need for the paid version yet, but I will pay if the need arises.
Update: Much better now. Old Not enough menu options, like delete old files. What I would expect for $2 not $15. Seems to work smoothly otherwise.
Does what it says, as of now all I need is the free version but I wouldn't hesitate to purchase the full version if the need arises.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Just upgrded to the new version, amazing so far. This is what version 2 should have been. Moto droid.
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Fantastic application worth every penny.......running on google g1......works great on HTC wildfire as well
Great app works exactly as you would expect. You can now carry all your office docs with you and edit on the go. Absolutely brilliant.
Great app works exactly as you would expect. You can now carry all your office docs with you and edit on the go. Absolutely brilliant.
Works well, I bought during a sale for $9.99 - I use in combintion with dropbox. Hope to see another version for the tablets coming out! DroidX
No problem working with G2 but it would be better when it doesn't check for update account everytime it load up
Docs to go has always been great on my PDAs, this is just as good.
Cannot get the pro version to download. Refunded (hopefully) onto plan B Quickoffice. Shame, this seems better.
Cannot get the pro version to download. Refunded (hopefully) onto plan B Quickoffice. Shame, this seems better.
Cannot get the pro version to download. Refunded (hopefully) onto plan B Quickoffice. Shame, this seems better.
Still not able to open a simple Word doc file. FCs all the time. Desire
POS! won't view files in gdoc's. I'm logged in, but force closes after saying pls wait for ten seconds. Very disappointed.
Great application. Originally had it on my Bberry Storm & got it again as soon as I switched to Android. Desire.
Great application. Originally had it on my Bberry Storm & got it again as soon as I switched to Android. Desire.
Love the update! Didn't have to repurchase the key like some of the comments try to say!
Overall good application, but there are number of improvements to be made: - pinching does not work in view mode - no support for inline editing
Docs to Go 3.0 really works well. Overall, does nice job preserving format. Able to update Google docs when you can't do that in their own browser!
Docs to Go 3.0 really works well. Overall, does nice job preserving format. Able to update Google docs when you can't do that in their own browser!
after 2.0 nothing interesting on new 3.0 old key not work and new you can't find
Wish it had been on sale when I bought it. Worth the 30 bucks though. Just wish I could do formulas in excel.
Wish it had been on sale when I bought it. Worth the 30 bucks though. Just wish I could do formulas in excel.
Great product. Only thing it needs is to be able to paste images into documents. Does NOT need anyone to buy it again, just use same details to rereg.
Do not update if you have the 2.0 full version as you will have pay again for the new full version!!
Work great on EVO..AND Free so quit bitching all u tight wads! Kick up sum appreciation to developer $$$
I really use this widget all the time and its great. A couple flaws though. Cant delete the documents...but you can use file explorer to delete them.
update rocks... Still needs the ability for HDMI out and auto pay slides and transitions
update rocks... Still needs the ability for HDMI out and auto pay slides and transitions
Excellent app, particularly since last update. Now has full integration with Google Docs, as well as ability to read and create office files.
Excellent app, particularly since last update. Now has full integration with Google Docs, as well as ability to read and create office files.
Works great on EVO. Version 3 is absolutely great for Office files. Would recommend to anyone needing to handle Office files on the go.
2.0 was sufficient enough . Now i will have to pay again . DO NOT UPDATE IF YOU HAVE 2.0
I love this app, but it won't let me get my full key since I installed 2.2. Please fix this.
I love this app, but it won't let me get my full key since I installed 2.2. Please fix this.
I love this app, but it won't let me get my full key since I installed 2.2. Please fix this.
One of the best. FINALLY syncs with Google docs! Some quirks still. Works perfectly on Nexus One
the best doc editor i could find, but the UI is hardly impressive and pdf viewing is a bit slow
Currently invaluable. But had had a training monopoly from Palm OS convertees. Google apps did outperform, this update places Dataviz #1 spot again.
Currently invaluable. But had had a training monopoly from Palm OS convertees. Google apps did outperform, this update places Dataviz #1 spot again.
Still needs more integration & implementation (Premium Version) Use QuickOffice until then. Should be ONE key for 3 devices like Microsoft Office. :-(
Perfect app. Developer integrated and exceeded every suggestion submitted by me and my friends.
The new opdate is very nice but i keep getting fc when trying to connect with google docs anyone know how to help with that? Galaxy S 2.2
The new opdate is very nice but i keep getting fc when trying to connect with google docs anyone know how to help with that? Galaxy S 2.2
DTG leaves no space to right of Docs. As a result one gets a feeling the some words got cutoff the screen.DTG should leave few pixels margin on right.
DTG leaves no space to right of Docs. As a result one gets a feeling the some words got cutoff the screen.DTG should leave few pixels margin on right.
DTG leaves no space to right of Docs. As a result one gets a feeling the some words got cutoff the screen.DTG should leave few pixels margin on right.
DTG leaves no space to right of Docs. As a result one gets a feeling the some words got cutoff the screen.DTG should leave few pixels margin on right.
Alright, but over rated. Ended up getting thinkfree office. word/excel/pp about the same, but pdf viewer is way better in thinkfree.
They work really hard and this app is better than the iPhone version. But they are slow to improve things. Even so, this is a full featured app.
Would love a trial period. Not dropping $15 if I cant try it out first. The free version is useless.
DTG 3.0 is great app, got it unlocked with key from dev site. Really worth it imo. Cheers
Was already great and 3.0 update made it excellent. Importing and editing Google docs is awesome!
Was already great and 3.0 update made it excellent. Importing and editing Google docs is awesome!
Was already great and 3.0 update made it excellent. Importing and editing Google docs is awesome!
What a polished product. Easy upgrade of main and key (now hidden!) and good support. A must on every phone.
Good but activation always causes a nightmare. Website is terrible and support system doesn't work
Good but activation always causes a nightmare. Website is terrible and support system doesn't work
THE android office app just got better. Faster rendering and pinch to zoom fixes my only complaints from the previous version
My full license still works fine after the update. PDF's display much faster now. Nice update!!
Many great improvements. Google Docs integration is great. Makes for true cloud access to all docs.
Many great improvements. Google Docs integration is great. Makes for true cloud access to all docs.
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Great app! Does what it is supposed to and it does it well. THANKS FOR APP 2 SDCARD
Amazingly good app but after purchasing full key keeps telling me download unsuccessful. Please help, pulling my hair out!!!
Amazingly good app but after purchasing full key keeps telling me download unsuccessful. Please help, pulling my hair out!!!
Amazingly good app but after purchasing full key keeps telling me download unsuccessful. Please help, pulling my hair out!!!
Great!! Love the new update. Now I can use GoogleDoc and Desktop Sync! Best part = move2SD implemented.
Great!! Love the new update. Now I can use GoogleDoc and Desktop Sync! Best part = move2SD implemented.
Great!! Love the new update. Now I can use GoogleDoc and Desktop Sync! Best part = move2SD implemented.
Much improved with update, great Google Docs sync. Better UI overall, making this the best app of it's kind.
Much improved with update, great Google Docs sync. Better UI overall, making this the best app of it's kind.
I have used docs to go for years on Palm devices. It is stabile and extremely useful.
Very good update! And right in time-- I was about to dislike this app. PDF viewing seems improved. Google docs was a surprise. :) N1
Very good update! And right in time-- I was about to dislike this app. PDF viewing seems improved. Google docs was a surprise. :) N1
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
This is so cool! It is now at par with the iPhone and iPad version which I have as well. Good job DataViz!
At last, just as good as the iPhone version. Google Docs feature is brilliant !!!!
At last, just as good as the iPhone version. Google Docs feature is brilliant !!!!
3.0 update resurrected this app from a 1 star review. Totally awesome now. Droidx 2.2
3.0 update resurrected this app from a 1 star review. Totally awesome now. Droidx 2.2
3.0 update resurrected this app from a 1 star review. Totally awesome now. Droidx 2.2
3.0 update resurrected this app from a 1 star review. Totally awesome now. Droidx 2.2
I've been using Docs To Go on various platforms for years. Bought it on Android straight away as well.
