Super
Not good bcz not downlode clear photo n upload also. Poor
Google search is not working,i have  reinstall it but showing same problem and black screen coming while open .
There is no way to add another search engine, define to compress only 3g and etc. 1/5
12345 12345 12345 12345 12345
Downloading not working.
& fast
Pboblem with uc browser downloading
When I update my phone from ICS to jelly bean uc browser not working. When I open it , its return at home page please fix it . Its my favorite browser.
Not able to.start on my HTC desire vc,
No comment
Cannot rate it good because free downloading time is just 30 minutes,so can't download big files
it crashes on multitasking. removed
Excellent
It force closes after searching anything everytime after updating it to latest version...plz fix this
Problem with android 4.1 iy crashes on my samsung google nexus and it also doesnt start sometimes
UC was my fav browser in symbian. Bt in my samsung ace duos it doesnt even connect...  Plz do something
Why u guys didn't update it to 8.5 version in english
Not working in micromax a50
Not worked on my a50
When I use Google it ask. For human test every time etc
Only wifi 3g speed
Niceh
I m using since last 5 year reall its superb
It just average ..i facing a problem when I am using google it asks for human test always and there is no cache clear..it will restart and we didnt
I cant download the video which are waiting for some time limit,that means the page once open it didnt refresh
I cant run it on my micromax a50
Not able to update stops at 6%
So
i just update n i cannot use anymore!why?
Bhenchod gandu thoda modify toh kar bar update hota rehta hai or khuch bhi naya nhi
Too slow in edge network.. didn't have an Udisk.. and offline download and offline upload...
Now UC looking cool....  Again the best browser in play store......:-)
Cool
Don't working on my micromax a50 .just crashes
Its opens and closes immediately. Dats too bad. Maybe imma rate dis whn its fixed.
When I click the home button, it will crash. It is a big problem I ever faced.
nice one, but some downloads cannot be done
After new version its becoming worst
Everytime When i try to download,it hangs,nothing works,i had to pull out battery.rooted LG p500.
please fix. crash upon opening app
Irrespective of the option to move the app to sd... 22mb of internal memory is still being monopolized by this beast. I would have given it five stars
Whenever I minimize it and reopen it starts again pausing the downloads. Fix asap.
great app
Nice
Hy frnd's i m using google nexus s,n 4.1 jelly bean update,its not running uc browser 8.3,i m staarted,he is closed,pls help me...
Very nice.cool
Not good
Please update compatibility with jellybean
Only reason I chose to test this browser was because it says it saves original images straight from web pages.... no, it doesn't.... not to mention (though, yes, clearly I am mentioning it) thing jumps about all over the place, flicking between tabs and arbitrarily opening new ones at will. Sort your fancy gesture nonsense out.
Like this
Not working on jelly bean
Would love to try this browser but will not open on Samsung Galaxy Nexus with latest update? Will not uninstall yet will give chance to fix problem thanks. :-)
want background download...
Always stuck..bakwas browser..
Force closes every time I try to open it!"!
Best for downloading
Where is the v 8.4
Doesn't work on Android jelly bean 4.1 :(
good
Hunnn... Take a lot space after download bakwas..abreast blank screen while downloading
Downloading vry poor?
Lag,lag n crash..
Vary bad and losting
Kickass browser
It is not working on my micromax a50. Only splash screen shows and app crashes. It is shame that uc cant port its browser to worlds largest smartphone os android.
Opera is much faster than uc ! UC cant open pages faster n flash doesnt work ! Fucking slow ! really a bad app ! Sorry ! One star nly !
Bad browser.slow .no flash support.dolphin is best
It can't work on my Nexus S with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean.. Pls fix it soon.. :(
Very bad.
Loaded ok came up with a second screen waited five minute still the second still persists
nice browser
Very very poor browser
the browser is not working on Micromax A50 Android Phone..Just crashes the moment I try to open it....So plz fix that problem...
In my cell uc is getting low speed than the others
Miracle
It take too much memory <16mb not clear any thing  Some time shows error dolphin browser is good one
Coool.......apps
Why Limit the browsing experience ? You can ONLY open upto 10 tabs beyond that you keep getting the message that max tabs are limited to 10. I can open more then 10 tabs in browsers like Opera.  If there is paid version where you can maximise the limits please release a paid version willing to pay for it. since I love the feature NIGHT MODE in UCBrowser.
it gets stuck n stops while downloading and a blue screen appears..cant move on to web pages...soooo bad...pls do smthng.....add page up n down option
Who told u this is application.stupid
I like it the most
Chutiyaaaaaaa.....
I have android 4.1 jb.uc not working on it
Vsy vsy baad software
... and burn
Amazing
Looking for a fast browser? Avoid. I downloaded it and visited a page I frequent to test it, 50 seconds later it hasn't downloaded. Uninstalling. HTC One X
Its good but it gets closed automatically when i minimize it..... Else best browser...... Fix it for 5 stars
Cooool
Doesn't let me do many thing that I try, and I always end up having to use a different browser.
R u there why r u not updating. Wht happened to u guys
When i minimize it will pause downloading...make it better
Won't even open. I remember this browser being much better than that.
don't use this app... hang your phone...137 mb it is used ...
Not supported to Jelly Bean. Hopeless app
Crashing on jelly bean:(
I can't minimize the browser,whenever I minimize and start the downloads paused and then started and the tabs also closed
I would have given it. -5 stars if it was possible every other browser worked on my phone but Uc browser dosent work at all my phone is Micromax A50 superfone ninja. I like its older version but this one dosent work uninstalling
It crasher many times. Older version is much stable.
doesnot save directly to extSdCard. Start all and pause all tasks option is not available in downloading list.
Nyc browser
Mokka
Won't open at all on jelly bean.. :-(
Unable to download anything
when i start the uc browser it flash and coming back to home scren. plzzz fix this Bug
The browser crashes as soon as its started,I think it does not yet support Jelly Bean(Android 4.1.1)
Doesn't work on jellybeans used to work the best on older OS. It doesn't even start.
It not working in andriod jelly bean plaese do something fast
Not working on android 4.1.1
its not getting saved in sd card   .....  its getting saved in phone memory ..
I'm not able to use numbers, when press alt(fn) to use above number it just type the same alphabet that force me to give 1 star
gfyfdugd
Not working on my phone
Made in China always crap things   Boo!!!!!
Not full screen. More time to get websites
My phone is playing youtube by using any video player. Good streaming on 2G internet.
Uninstalled.
Brows
Please FIX problem for MICROMAX A50
Gfygvghf
Failed to launch on Jelly Bean on Galaxy Nexus
This is crap...stops downloading and crashes every now n then
After the latest it does not work at all. Keep saying no network. . Used to be a good browser.
Soo..cool..
Only downloading is good rest worst.....browsing speed is soo low........& also its getting worst n bulky with editions, the uc 7.1 edition was best.
Opera mini is beter than uc browser.. pls dnt waste ur tym for dl this browser
Sabse sada
7.8 is better browser than8.3
Was working fine with 8.2 but it was unable to load after sometime.. I tried network check and it was ok.. The problem is still with the update.. Please help..
Ye bahot jada crash hota hai
old version great apps pls  update new  version
That's a nice browser
its nice n new
That.d good
Memory consumption is an issue fix that and I'll give 5 stars....
I have been locked out if multiple sites due to this app. Either it uses your phone as a bot, or the system causes sites to view your phone as such.
Gr8
I previously had a positive review of this browser because of its lightening fast speed.   But bugs and crashes have become much more frequent in this version so for now I will use something else. gonna try opera mini until the uc bring out a new patch.   p.s please make an automatic brightness setting I cant stand having to change it all the time to be in sync with my phone. Your search bar has become buggy too. 'bad request'?
Why not support Arabic languages ??!!!. ...
Download slowly it's mistaken
Not bad,
Doesn't support in my galaxy nexus in jelly bean, why
It's worst browser ever , i mean download manager is quite fine thogh after browsing experience is zero.......chinese browser sucking all.  It's not recommend to smart people.
Not working in jellybean
I believed that uc was the best browser. Bt i was wrong. Too many crashes and low speed performance buk up   pls fix it
Its one of the worst browsers u have aver seen it crashes all the time i use....so please fux that problem..
Fast but usually crash So i remove
It takes up 17mb phone memory inspite of moving to sd card, also it stops working when minimized, uninstalled
Crab
doesnt work in micromax a50
He,G.L
Not open in my gingerbread
The older version 7.2 had the ability to act as an anti-proxy software to pass filtering subjected on some websites i.e. youtube and facebook. This version is a simple browser and I think other browser like Opera can work better
My star is for it's downloading speed...
Zero star .. Y it doesn't getting start on my device ....wenever I open  ..it just close automatically....f***
b'coz..... der z no chat room..... :-/ :-((((
min。doanloading speed is to low
The download is quite slow. It was better in previous version.
Very bad...not so fast...they lie...I'll give only one star to this app
Worst browser.... Poor browsing speed....  Only downloading speed is good..... .
E
Play nai hota android me
K fayda iska minimize krte he to downloading bnd. Ho jave
worst browser
Its worthless
crashes a lot. infact evrytime after working a while on it. Samsung Galaxy Fit.
Its perfect
poor... cnt dwnload thro wifi in high speed...
Open hi nahi hota yar
Good one...but sometimes it stucks....
Its awesome but I am unable to enter any number or a capital letter through my qwerty keyboard...i cnt use it in my Htc ChaCha
Better
Why does it not work in my Micromax a50.
Not nice uc broswer not a fast broswer this is very bad
Worst no downloading
Not working on micromax a50. Pop up window and closed.
Its v bad...i installed n tried to open facebook..error msg came i tried through search d same msg came...its suppose to work as a browser...n here nothing works!!!!!!
instaling..............
App didn't launch on my micromax a50! FIX FIX FIX!!!
No comment plz....its nt workin in my mobile....but to boost up mnufctrr s morale
It really speed to browsing
Thank you
Too bad
I
The browser starts out at around 18 megabytes and later it eats up an additional 12 megabytes! I don't even know what that extra memory is being used for. Uninstalling.
Not openig at all
Not openig at all
Works like shit on android. Download terminates by itself
Verry nice
I love this software before using this on android its best on symbian plz repair it Android 2.3 micromax a50
This is worst. It cannot even load pages
Lund ka bhi nhi h dum phir bhi h ghmand
Faltu....it doesn't open
Not opening in my phone....?
Wtf..its Not opening...
Uc browser crush every 2 min plz slove the problam.....:-@:-CO:-)
World no 1 but i adjust bright over 1 point i cont back
Waste waste waste
Accessing phone functions (status & ID) breaches privacy, isn't necessary. I also experienced many bugs, as others have described.
Why i cant clear my memory phone after use this browser. When i clear cookies and others, still same. Love older version. Easy to clear my memory phone after surf the net.
Owsm...gud wrk buddy...
Problem Search, 400 Bad Request
Fuck not  geting download!!!
Plz In the downloading setting the thereds setting option of parrall downloading for more speed as per the symbiant 60
I love its downloading capability....
It is incompatible for my samsung galaxy y duos...fix it
All browsers crash on my Xoom tablet, this one is fast, simple one, but flash does not work, which  I have to use Dolphin which is slower and bad UI.
Crap!! Slower than version 7.8. The poorest UC version it sucks so don't waste your time.
After update its not downloading any big file on my mobile after some time downloading intruppt
Best in downloading
Works great on my samsung galaxy ace 2.3.6 but sometimes downloads don't finish please fix that error
It is not working in samsung galaxy advance help me
never download it better to download Opera
WTF, cnt upload my photos even on facebook. Chutiya bna rkha hai bhenchodo ne bas.
Maa kasam ganta app hai Maa chutgai app install karte karte ........no pic on faceboo
On of the rare browsers that offer great speed
How can we full its brightness after doing it zero......plz tell....very bad
Its horrible stucks in the middle and i ddont want 8O percent zoom of the page
Just came to say fuj lady gaga.... Stupid app
Just gives me a black screen when opened.
Maderchod h
Bhangar ahe re......
not support. In micromax a50
I ve been using uc from a long time but as I got this new phone Micromax a 50 ninja... its not working... screen just splashes and goes out... the malfunction is present for every a 50 phone as I saw it on uc forum. Pls fix it!!!
Load le rha hai handset
Y am i nt able to instal it??
Its very fast. Amaizingly smoth. Downlading function is awsom.
Takes too much memory
Looks not great
Its force closes every time i open this browser by just displaying ucbrowser v8.3 screen i really need this app bt this problem is making issues my handset is Micromax a50
Poor
Not warking well
Not warking well
Da most suckking app i evr seen..sucks to d core..remove frm d market!!!!!!
But it won't even open up on my HTC G2 ** help?
Dosen't work on 3g....Huh....
Wow very fast very fast realy good...
It wont even open in my phone :(
It doesn't download  .rar files ? :'(
Fedup downloading it . After 19% it gets stopped
Itz really amazng..
Not working on aisha 2.3
I've been looking for an alternative to Opera Mini, which is fast, condenses data, syncs easily for bookmarks and settings and leaves a small footprint. However, Opera's recent updates have been underwhelming. I like that UC condenses data without making pages look bland. Also like the many settings (like disabling cache). However, I would love to see features like added bookmark sync (perhaps with Firefox?), ability to create subfolders, and less clunkiness. But so far, I like where this is headed.
I've been looking for an alternative to Opera Mini, which is fast, condenses data, syncs easily for bookmarks and settings and leaves a small footprint. However, Opera's recent updates have been underwhelming. I like that UC condenses data without making pages look bland. Also like the many settings (like disabling cache). However, I would love to see features like added bookmark sync (perhaps with Firefox?), ability to create subfolders, and less clunkiness. But so far, I like where this is headed.
Its n good browser while browsing... but its horrible wen i cant clear up the data.... pleas fix tat bug...
Does not work on MicromaxA50 please fix
Not working in micromax A50 :(
It is crashing while switching multipal windows.plz fix this!
The old uc gets less cache bt gives high speed but this release has more user interface therefore the uc browser performance gets low as compair to opeea mini..
It`s work slow in galax fit Gt-s5670
Its very good browser on my phone
not working with samsung galaxt s5670 fit...when i tried to open a website only sorry message comes always....
Not bad
It crashes ample of time & the downloading stops once the screen timeout,i.e when backlight is turned off
It crashes ample of time & the downloading stops once the screen timeout,i.e when backlight is turned off
dis 1 s far worsr than 8.2 . . . It crashes olways. . .
It is getting forced close
Mr provider it can not sutabile in samsung galaxy y Add upgrade to ucbrowser to my divece for samsung galaxy y.and it is not sutabul to my divece.
Best browser
It really sucks take alot time to open a page
Its Stuck on connecting loading is far away. its worse browser it takes ages to open a page.
Huh
Good but not for image search result is very slow
Too much hangup. I'm not at all understanding how these developers becoming fool by each version
Keep it up
They need to make it compatible with low end devices
That is so nice to see pinch zoom
8.0 best 8.3worst
Not open a page
I feel like my Opera Next is faster than UC. Ain't know whatz the matter, but I was using UC in my Java Phone and it was heck fast. But now..., it just Sucks !!
It download very slow and sometime there is also problem opening the page and the surfing is also slow for surfing i recommend opera mini
Downloading not work in backgraund,app. Is closing
Downloading not work in backgraund,app. Is closing
Why did the developer change the interface for the worse. Hide so many useful functions like Night mode, mobile/desktop switch way deep into scrolling menus. Come on! Been a supporter for a long but new interface just brings hugh inconveniences. Yuck!
Flash support  but the  videos are laggy
This apps is not good.
mokka mama
Since ics update what a shame...
Uninstalling. Go for skyfire
Initial take very difficult
Sala itna bekar hai page hi nhi khulta not good very very bad
Good
Awesome
It's very good browser
Large icons,slow browsing speed,etc..totally awkard
Deivice not capapl wat the hell????
The newer version is a waste because it does not work in background as i press the home key it closes down fcuk with new version.... Previous is better....
Nice
accha hai par ruk ruk kar chalta hai
hy.. made new update ..for samsung galaxy fit.. this update ago supported .. but now then not suppported.. so. please make new update for my phone. my request
It does not load pages with flash . It ask you to manually open flash video. PayPal goes blank.
Letest version does not support in galaxy fit !!!!
....on a Xoom,un/reinstalled to no avail.
Older version 8.0is too good as compare to 8.2, in respect to download. This 8.2 automatic stops downloading when you start download. Please do something for this..
It's Damn cooool
its not working in my mobile
FC and crash problem
Its been showing not compatible for samsung galaxy fit s5670..... Fix it
Works too slow.. n m unable to upload pics. On facebook .. it work tooooooo slow. On my samsung glaxy pro..
plzz dont download this. also it is not working on galaxy ace
worst in dis world
Awesome apppppppppp...
Super fast always i use ucbrowser
o k
Yo man what have you done its not compaitable in my device so sad
Very slow
Best browser for lg p500
But its browsing is too bad need too much work on it...
faltu
Good best
Worthless cnt dwnload files quickly unlike opera
Good
very bad not downloading
It is saying that it is not compatible with galaxy y.but it works well whe. I get the app via. bluetooth
A good browser with speed but sometime crashes on my xperia neo v(ics) otherwise would have given 5 . Simple and easy to use and great interface.
hiii plz helpp....its not supportig my galxy fit
Need to test well. application is nice.
Showing  device not conpatible
Gr8 one..but add some routine sites for multiporpose
Waste
Ok for browsing but never for downloads. And a lot of crashes, totally very poor.
Its worst...:-(
Hate it...d update is just ridiculous..aftr updating.. it has crahed every tm i minimize it...:-/
I'm going to rate it 1 star !! I can't believe this I had the 8.2 version and when I wanted to udpate it it says ''This Version Isn't Copatible for this device'' !!! ..
Great work on sambiya but on android it was awery slow
used to have this on my old N97 where is was smooth; now on android that's a different story... it's so SLOW! tried maxthon and turned out to be a  keeper.
All Arabic characters are not displayed correctly.
App sucks...cashes, hangs, sometimes nonresponsive...FORCE CLOSES often..
Its not working in my galaxy note plz fix.
Poor poor poor.... Boring
One of the worst browser ever made ... Not even a single page is loaded in first time ...at same time opera is working fine for same site ... Bullshith crap ...uninstalling
it very hang browser
Good for downloading not for browsing.
Cannot play flash file or video. DOLPHIN browser can play.
What? "insufficient memory  will make you inconvenient and we will continue to"  What the Heck!!!? Whenever that popup  comes up I can't  use the browser!!! I'M pretty  sure I have more than enough  ram to run  A FREAKING INTERNET BROWSER!(WHY DOES AN INTERNET  BROWSER  USES UNBELIEVABLE AMOUNT OF RAM!!!!)  I DEMAND AN EXPLANATION!!!  Uninstalling  until  that  memory  popup is removed. SO annoying  that this BROWSER SUCKS TO THE CORE!!!
Good app.....
F***ing idiot cldnt input numbers
Update is done to make it better... But it's gettin worst!! :@
Gud Beg It
it was the best browser to download for nokia but for android,it just sucks..taking so long to load a page,cant go back while downloadung,no option to rename the downloding file..totally its just a waste of space..
Works good on symbian
Its bringing my surfing experience just like pc can do. Thumbs up.
Browsing is very slow and always says download failed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Last update spoiled the worth of this browser. It hangs and restarts a lot. It also crashes my ongoing download when tried to run in background and whole app gets restarted.
Wastes ur time doesnt load th page fast even downloading speed has also reduced. Previous version was much much better than this.
Firstly it is compatible but when i reinstall ..it is saying your device is not compatible with it....what is this ???
It would be an awesome app, and I would give it 5 strars, but the problem is, when typing, it autonaticly turns off keyboard, and deletes tge text typed in. FIX IT
The lengthy downloads stops at near 35mb! Feeling so bad! Go to f***in hell UC!
Dont know what happened to the developers..its too slow laggy and getting ma cell hang :(
Uc
no
Complete waste of time.. worst browser.. irritates me whenever i opens.. takes 3 mins even to load a page
Works very slow.. Uc browser lite is bttr thn Uc 8.2 .           sir plz update the English lite version like 7.9 or 7.8....
Stupid browser
error while downloading..
Closes browser for unknow
 reason.freezes on pages likes to jump around.  lots of more BuGs.
Slowest browser i have ever seen
Previous versions were the best.New 8.2 is the worst browser i recomend.I cant rate below 1star.
Wont let you set home button to a website, and wont let you set a https site as a favourite quick button, fail. Removed.
bad don't update
I can't. Believe what they did with this browser, from the best, to the worst.
dont download this app it gives you pain 100%
Vry good response.....
Since update can no longer access sites it previously had access to. Fix immediately.
Its the very poor browser ever.I am download update and it is too.......... worse than previous .it is the bad browser in browser world.
It ws gud b4 the last update bt aftr d update I wn't open...
Was better before.. This 8.2 version is crashing frequently and causes my cell to hang..
Doesn't load pages........
It auto stops downloads And shuts off if minimized. And malfunctions using fb.
akdam bakvas
I forget what it was exactly but yes this is a great browser, nice ui, and fast speeds...but what is with this? I'm disappointed. Trying to take passwords? Sorry gotta uninstall. :/
Very unusual and full of defects. Graphical interface is not good as earlier versions.pls, don't download!
PREVIOUS VERSION WAS SUPERB WHEN I DOWNLOAD ANYTHING IN THIS VERSION AFTER DOWNLOAD IS COMPLETED MY MEMORY CARD GOES INTO READ ONLY. MODE I USE HTC WILDFIRE
Very bad nt upto the expectation
keep crashing on my mytouch 4g slide! I just want to get rid of it asap.
Force close always on my Samsung galaxy ace
Nice browser
rubbish browser ever seen
In this browser youtube is not working
Lame
Latest update making it force close. Giving many while downloading Please make changes AsAp....!
4.0.4 - installs but won't run no matter what I try
4.0.4 - installs but won't run no matter what I try
Bugs crash n errors please fix it
While opening a new page or switching to other tab get crashed. Previous version was good.
Don't read Hebrew
No
Ram cannot be cleared....memory consume too much....latest update sucks
I want uc browser 9
What the hell comes to UC browser 8.2 on my Galaxy Tab? I can't do anything due to the problem in interface
Thats the best browser in android market
Closes frequently while browsing.
This apps keeps on crashing and even if multi tasking we will have to launch the app again and restore the webpages. I hope I'm not the only one facing the issue  Please do something about it. There was a time I use to love this app now it seems other browser performance is better.
Very nice
Gud for downloading small filess Bt a worst browser for surfing
Nice
New update is not good.. Its auto close application after some time...
It's a good browser but it needs way to much memory
Its nyt mode system is a realy gud .... It sav a lot of power.... Thanx
Not allowing me to update new version fix it. Very slow on 2g connection browsing is not satisfy:(
A bit jerky with the browsing and flash doesn't work even after I installed the plugin.
luks great
When I try to view photos full size it opens a nonloading blank window and it hasnt worked at all since yesterday. Was great but now inoperable.
it gives a very fast speed for using net. But having troubles, please fit it....
What is this... Not working with my Micromax a50.. Does not start
Opera is much faster than uc ! UC cant open pages faster n flash doesnt work ! Fucking slow ! really a bad app ! Sorry ! One star nly !
Downlod best bt sarfing is betar...
Love the nightmode but the icons and display fonts are a bit large. In desktop mode while browsing fb youre unable to view your chatbox which makes it a disadvantage compared to some web browser... Uninstall
fan of it since I used it on java and symbian
Itzzz gud bt it will not satisfy u... N smtymz it frezez
Thanx for bringing back the nightmode But can't clear data effectively size of app is increasing after every use
Problem in downloading..... Fix it as possible as soon......
Frustating
Its gd for ovistore. Not for android Micromax A50.
Nly browsing is fast
Very good
Fix it
Previous version was good.  M unable to download anything in new version all the time showing error  Need to be fixed
Uc browser7.8 is much better in every aspect
My phone is playing youtube by using any video player. Good streaming on 2G internet.
After installing not at all opening the browser its shows an error message. Pls fix this.
Gfygvghf
Needs to improve
Very folts in browser..........
Good for surfing but bad for downloading through 2g. Even not able to download sometimes small files like 5 mb. Not satisfied.
7.8 is better browser than8.3
Doesn't support Arabic. No setting for character encoding.
Why no slashdot in quick reader channels?
nice browzr...
I expect it to be better than opera mini
Bad,  I uninstalled  and install angel browser that is the best with flash support
I believed that uc was the best browser. Bt i was wrong. Too many crashes and low speed performance buk up   pls fix it
Browser flash plugin doesn't work. Please fix or put link to plugin somewhere here so I can manually install please. Used to be a great browser, before! Loved the built-in file explorer back then. Version 7.3 didn't tell me there was a new version, after upgrade to ICS! Then I found out there was, and had to manually uninstall the old. Just like other probs have had since update, like no voice dialer! HTC Sensation 4G TMobile USA running Android 4.0.3
doesnt work in micromax a50
Downloading speed s great but surfing sucks.
Doesnt supports flash
Good downloading speed
Good downloading speed
When I using facebook I want to upload the picture  when I select pic from gallery  and click ok to upload it comes error that. Again automatically  restarted uc browser and pic will not upload or pic will also not selected
Its vry vry slw....!!!
fc on  4.1.1
Must use it for download ...
Ok
Looked pretty good...until i tried to watch a vid. The screen only zooms in and out whenever you tap play. Flash does not work even though its selected in setting. Boo.
Its better
Thik thak aeee
Not gooder then o mobile
Closes whenever I start any other app.. Otherwise it's Nyc..
Why does it not work in my Micromax a50.
Too many  unnecessary features.  Reminds me of the 56k days.
It surely fast....thx
Worst browser
When ever i minimise. the download stops other wise its ok
not working proprly in my samsung fit pls fix it it gating exit automatic
Good
The browser starts out at around 18 megabytes and later it eats up an additional 12 megabytes! I don't even know what that extra memory is being used for. Uninstalling.
Recent update caused bad request to appear evertime i search via google, plz fux
Crap only black screen comes.on my lg optimus one
Crap only black screen comes.on my lg optimus one
2 star is just for the download manager that somehow faster than other, for opening web page and others i got no comment!
It often shut downs automatically
I likeeeeeeeeeeeee it.
Wtf..its Not opening...
I browser is better than thiss
its ok not be great
Love this browser!
Not able to Restart a file tat fails while downloading. It gives an error "UnAuthorized Acces to web page". Think it's a defect. Please fix
It's work great ...thx UC ...
Make Swype work, you've had a long time..
BROWSING SPEED IS LESS THAN OPERA MINI
BROWSING SPEED IS LESS THAN OPERA MINI
Screen kept moving up and.down when I was trying to read something..fix bugs!
Flash is not working for wt19i.
Browser not connecting to internet. Keeps trying to open a page forever.  Uninstalling.
8.0 was better than 8.3
But you need more. Ucweb have a trouble with render pages in mobile view (it is a lot of stripes in text). Also need option to choose font size and block it changing by pinch-to-zoom
it consumes a lot of space on the device.plz fix it,otherwise the best browser application...
Faltu kaam krta h....
Last update is not getting downloaded in my Sony Ericsson Xperia pro, mk16i. Wen I try to download it, only 19 % is getting download exactly. Neither more nor less in full network connection. Network speed is 2g. That is 149 rs pack for 1 month validity. Network service provider is airtel. Pls help me out of this to get 5 stars.
Gud 1 tri in samsung s2
D..previous version were good.... This stop download when screen blanks...
Good
I liked the older interface.Though performance seems to have improved
Nice
Crashes when minimized  please R-E-S-O-L-V-E . It also very slow for browsing..   please resolve
UC is good also Opera but Opera is very smoth and ezy... Love Opera & also love UC
UC is good also Opera but Opera is very smoth and ezy... Love Opera & also love UC
this app use to work great, but since the last upfate when I try to open app it says "fail to make initial directory" .... need a fix for this
3g speed
Some hyperlinks are not working , as i have to switch to another browser
Works for first time than does not respond.
really bad version
8.0 was far good.. This version has login problems on various sites... I want 8.0 back.....can any1 help me for dat...
Everytime I minimize the app while downloading some file,it crashes.. It's too frustrating..Waiting for the download to finish untill you can do another work... Also,surfing is too slow. Only thing good is downloading,but that too is ruined by crashes
Automatically exits itself and cannot minimise this application......
Sweet
Nice soft
it is good but it is not supported on my Samsung Galexy Ace mobile its run on Andriod 2.3.6 but it is working fine before i was updating my phone version 2.3.4 to 2.3.6 pls fix it.
Nice and cool application
Best browser for lg p500
I am unable to update uc 8.2 on my samsung galaxy ACE. Its say ur phone is not compatiable with this version of update
Eating so much of ram &crashing
hiii plz helpp....its not supportig my galxy fit
OPERA IS THE BEST. Uc browser is made in china. U know how it will work.
Its great. But it is very slow to load pages. So only two star
Very slow,  but good when you back. Two sides arrow.  Not present in angel browser.	Good but slow. Both sides arrows work well .....
No flash support
Good but stopping unexpectedly...hanging when dowloading 2 items at same time
Plz do something for  video streming like skyfire that run flash video
Plz fix it
Very gud
Not working properly
need work on surfing speed...too slow..
7.8 best browser
Amar- this is the first browser for me since 2009 privious is best .not downloading
Too bad after update... Its previous version was bettet... Plz solve this crashing prob...
Its crashing....do somthing
Uc broxwser
Lots of improvement needed. And page loading takes too much time
Not support for download
For some reason this browser only shows the basic stripped down facebook site for lower level phones. Even if u change UA to desktop it cant get the nice upgraded facebook mobile site or the facebook desktop site. Uninstalling pronto
UC 8 was better.....
Better in past
Its nice brower for java phone but not for anriod!!
before it was bst...now its pathetic...i will rate 2 out of 5
in new versions.
I like uc bro
rubbish browser ever seen
Alway getting problem with diz browser..!!! Download manger can't work...!!!
Dnt download in the  background an its takes long to load
also reload button  should be accessible from any point in the browser
u tube. videos. r. not. playing
When clicking YouTube video in webpage this browser got crashed twice.
But the latest update asks for too many intrusive permissions. Not acceptable. Giving me a "free" app does not entitle you to have access to every little scrap of my information you can possibly grab.   Not updated. Am looking for an alternative browser. What a shame.
Itz size sucks  .... very big size.... Bcoms 20-25 mb
how to solve password  Transmission Problem about this English version？
Downloading is too slow...
Closes frequently while browsing.
Says retry w/arrow down but never loads. Arrow down is right.
Good
Best BrOwSëR!!!!!
Best BrOwSëR!!!!!
Zoom automatic freaky annoying and download unfindable. I'm not satisfied.
3 stars are more than enough for no pc view for sites
It has a proplem with new version that we cnt save the images ....plzz u fixx it nd add a save image button like older version...
It has a proplem with new version that we cnt save the images ....plzz u fixx it nd add a save image button like older version...
like your uc browse I like night mode but downloading is very very very very.slowe please check this update plz
Excllent
Quick and clear!
Fast required
When i search on the google it show the result but when i click on the any link in search result it shows me the google pages and i cant disable it.... do something for this...
Very nice application. Fast and Efficient.
not so gd...!! smtmes irritating..!!!
Nice
Browser is very good but I cannot download any movies after 7-8mb showing retry plz help
I say ppl to download this cz, its the fastest browser seen in the market .. Opera is nothin front of this uc browser ..
Good... Nivea....
Its good
Desktop view doesn't working, its a basic feature of every browser and uc cannot provide it.. uninstall..
Slower then 8.3
Try to use dolphin browser for pc view... Its much better than chrome... But, downloading in dolphin will be difficult...
Even I enabled the java script it spent works...it shows java script is turned off! So plz plizzz fix this bug..I will rate it 5strs..and even tell my friends to download this gayest web browser
very very fine and fast for internet
Excelent browser
Some Times  this browser works very slow
A very good browser
The app is good but the reason of giving 3 stars is that when i m browsing than the problem of errors are so much every time it comes error so pls fix it otherwise ot is good.
Goes on consuming more n more space on phone memory as we go in browsing....
Cant minimize the browser while downloading This could be done earlier but with updates yiu have to stay on the browser app to download. Smart move to make people stay on the browser pafe for more time but earlier version was much better
Save pages:pages r saved bt not readed Prblm Thnx for d update Bt now its so slow
Btr
Good
Nice but laggy. Xolo x900
Fantastically downloading speed makes it better
It should include mobile sites as done in previous version in java
的42。我
consuming more ram
Whenever I minimize it and reopen it starts again pausing the downloads. Fix asap.
Its is best software that I  never sean
uc browser 8.4 nice
It is very nice but sometimes it is so lazy work I give three star it.
I would give 5 stars if it will be antivirus compatible.
Nice
Low browsing speed but opera is fast
Good browser, but scrolling isn't smooth on ics. Feels sluggish but fast to navigate between pages.
samsung galaxy tablet10.1 GT-P7500 compatiblebrowsers
good
UC is Nice Browser. I had installed this because of its Night Mode Feature which is best for night viewing. But still this browser is little bit laggy.
downloading doesn't work from almost all file sharing websites , like mediafire
The main drawback is that touch functions are not so fast and responsive as in opera mini.. more over browising speed is slow compared to opera mini on 2G network...  it needs more development...
Its a perfect browser but want to move it to SD card
browsing at its best....  nothings gona beter with that ... i used 13 browsres avilable 4 my galaxy S-5670 fit uc is best nt only for android bt also for java nd simbian.... i m using this browser for almost 5 years nd in 5 years nothing cn beat its speed its performance
browsing at its best....  nothings gona beter with that ... i used 13 browsres avilable 4 my galaxy S-5670 fit uc is best nt only for android bt also for java nd simbian.... i m using this browser for almost 5 years nd in 5 years nothing cn beat its speed its performance
2 stars cut for lags
Not too good
I loved it before it turned into a dark black screen ,please fix this on lg optimus v
Great app. Bt some problem with flash video........so plzzz update it..... ..
Only problem is it consumes so much memory Clear data (manage space) in app setting not working for uc browser
nice browser
Good!!!!
It Roxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.......n......
Miracle
I will give three star because its gets closed plz fix it
Get close itself whenever start any other app ..., otherwise, great app
Great app and fast too
Cant see YouTube videos :( that's what i wanted a new browser :,(      otherwise pretty good and fast
Awesome
Its good to use n no need of ny xtra youtube downloader as it downlosd on playing
Fast but no flash support.
Very Good Run in my galaxy fit...Really love it...
Its good but it gets closed automatically when i minimize it..... Else best browser...... Fix it for 5 stars
Cool...nice
But crashing
I would have given it. -5 stars if it was possible every other browser worked on my phone but Uc browser dosent work at all my phone is Micromax A50 superfone ninja. I like its older version but this one dosent work uninstalling
Great app
It's just a normal software not much more
I like it sooo much
awwsssum browser
I'm having problems in downloadin files, help me,,
Allows you to download basically all videos except for those from YOUTUBE
This browser slow our mobile
Using it since my first window phone though android sucks ,but its still performing well.not to mention few crash which I think is not too bed
Used to be the best browser when i was on a winmo device. A good browser but you need to fix blank pages and also include a history button!
Gud browser but very slow speed on network data connection for fb
Gud browser but very slow speed on network data connection for fb
Average performance
Average performance
Its best download but recently started to open each window in google as redirected from google search.
Best
Why this is not working on Jelly bean....???
Y
Will give it 5 stars when I don't have to manually adjust screen brightness all of the time. That's just stupid... Other than that its awesome! And for those of you whining about flash, JUST SHUT IT OFF, do you really need to see those advertisement banners?
Nice but many sites display wrong . Many flash problems
Nt like version 7.8 yar
Its very goood in filter site's ,but I think have problem in persian and arabic font,please repair:)),tanks
Good
Nice
Nice
slower than opera mini.otherwise gud
Uc browser is not working in nexus s 4.1.1 plz hep me .
J
Gelxy sl
Good aap
Nice
Gr8
Give option move to sd
Saves a lot of time for this generation
Galaxy ace  Great android browser...
Good app... Downloading speed is good but plzz make this app movable in phone memory to sd..
Although it is the quite fastest browser. But it close automatically after running for certain period. And the most hatest thing is when I downloading something and return to the pages that I have opened it shows the whole pages in blue showing new download or something after I have end the u browser also ending my downloads.
Although it is the quite fastest browser. But it close automatically after running for certain period. And the most hatest thing is when I downloading something and return to the pages that I have opened it shows the whole pages in blue showing new download or something after I have end the u browser also ending my downloads.
b'coz..... der z no chat room..... :-/ :-((((
When i try to download a vid it always says failed to play video.
please nt in phone memory....phone memory vl be full soon.... so make it for sd card then 5 stars for sure..
Not bad....
i like it but it stops download when minimised.
Its good bt nt Thebest one.bt its most used browser lyk any other.
This is best downloader, Surfing is not good it takes lot of time to load website
The downloading speed is quite good...but lot is desired of it.. There are some bugs which need to be fixed and it takes to much space otherwise itz ok. .....
The downloading speed is quite good...but lot is desired of it.. There are some bugs which need to be fixed and it takes to much space otherwise itz ok. .....
Ok
Ilove this Browser. since there is uc browser 8.5 pls make the uc browser 8.4 in english! plssss
Sgd
The ui design gets 5 stars you can't really use flash so yeah...
Better but not best
Why does it not work in my Micromax a50.
Amazing browser
Was ok. .. Best 4 night tim .....
Nice
I didn't find it any faster and it had problems with flash. Looks good though, just not for me.
Nt bad.
I was downloading 2 different files of same name the first file just got replaced
Night mode.  Best feature Eva
It doesn't work neatly
Would've gave it more stars but some of the problems I have is : every time I go back to it on other sites all I get is a blank screen that forces me to close it and reopen it. And it does not support the spell correction on my keyboard And other bugs too. Please fix.
I have previously used this on my tablet but I guess either my phone's hardware isn't powerful enough or my OS version isn't high enough (2.2)
the only thing that i like about this app is videos can b paused. Also while downloading one can watch the video downloaded
Nice shit
Works gr8....especially luv the download method
Only shows sorry,never get webpage
Many time stops in downloading
When I mininise and Reopen this Browser,the pages start reloading...Pls Fix..Stibility Fixes needed..works fine in Other Aspects.
Pornhub videos download
.
But it doesn't respect Android's brightness settings,  and that's a big pain when moving from outside toinsode,  or browsing in the dark.
It says turn on cookies but i can't find any options.
Browser is intelligent & extremely fast. But on longtime use it crashing & exiting without any warnings.
Not bad
Atomaticly exit on app pleace improve it
its ok
This app was the best browser ever in all aspects. But now with Android 4, the Arabic fonts in Web pages are not shown correctly. Pls. do something fast.
I have downloaded and installed it two times.... but both times it didn't open....... please fix this
Tried it, was good and still is, but its way too slow to load pages.  I've gone back to 8, as this update is terrible.
Best browser I've come across so far. Works so well, integrates perfectly into phone. thumbs up.
The browser doesn't support all youtube videos.  When the developer is pressed to respond, no solution is offered. They could simply link to the youtube application instead of trying a native solution...
Downloading stops if u minimize d browser. It needs to b fixed.
Nice works on s2
Where is reload button???,
I likeit because download speed is to good than another browser 1st Uc browser 2nd i browser yo yo uc browser is the fastest browser in the world what r u waiting 4 download it NOW
but it could not download zip & rar files.  fix this problem .
Coooooooooooooooool
Coooooooooooooooool
Itz cool and very user friendly browser . I have never used a browser like thiz. As a request plzsz make the skin more attractive.
It is nt downloading ne pics sent as attachments. .. Please help..
never download it better to download Opera
Definitely my go-to browser for reading articles and, to be honest, this browser TRUMPS Facebook's own official app in terms of..well, everything (functionality, etc). And I love this download manager!   However, I gotta give it to xScope for effectively incorporating Flash.
Gud
It working perfect in my galxy. Niceeee apps
Opera and uc browsers r just waste of time go for mozilla
No coments
Good browser for downloads
Good browser for downloads
option for resuming download is grate  Take about 90 mb of ram
Good browser but please increase more internet speed with compression method.
Multitouch gesture is awesome, but not smooth and st force close
Missed the options like as I used with my Symbian version. There was option to search music, video which I couldn't find with the android versions.
Average
Good
Good
Its a good browser but the only prblem i have when i download movies the download finshes bt some part of the movies doesnt play properly.. So it deserves 3 stars frm me..
Unable to use the browser in landscape mode, Fix this problem please
when download is going on it suddenly exits plz see this problem.......
I've been looking for an alternative to Opera Mini, which is fast, condenses data, syncs easily for bookmarks and settings and leaves a small footprint. However, Opera's recent updates have been underwhelming. I like that UC condenses data without making pages look bland. Also like the many settings (like disabling cache). However, I would love to see features like added bookmark sync (perhaps with Firefox?), ability to create subfolders, and less clunkiness. But so far, I like where this is headed.
Amazing wow marvelous superb
I like this brw  Its excellent
Some times not works.
Downloading stops after minimizing uc, and its required to resume it after opening it
This browser focuses on so much like easy ways to close things that it didnt even think to make sure the app was smooth...it would be so great if it didnt exit out of simple websites also
Nice
best browser ever
I LOVE this browser but it eats so much memory I can even use it without that memory thing popping out! Fix it please!!!
Hmmm more stable than the previous version but 14mb internal memory is still a big problem. Samsung Galaxy 551 (GT-I5510)
It is very fast,but uses too mouch Cpu and hattery,my phone heated over 5c afer 10 min surfing the web.please fix...
Some tym its display goes in blue blank colour ........drawback
Its nt save backup like opera
Really fast downloads and resume function is gr8. Though pages dont have a good view.
Please work on crashing
The browser is good but gives a blue screen on my HTC Wildfire. Please fix
Very good.more faster
For 2g connection dolphin is much faster whereas uc s very slow... In desktop mode dolphin s faster than uc
Not so fast as compare to Uc classic 7.8 The interfrace is not  so much attractive as compared to the java version so make its home page much beautiful. Thank U
Flash is not working after ics update.   I hv been using this since i had a wm5 mobile. Its kind of handy to use. But latest version seems to be crashing everytime i try to start. Please fix this. Thanks
A nice browser....vry affective for downloads ...
Initial take very difficult
I have an LG MyTouch Q, and this browser doesn't seem to support the physical QWERTY keypad. For instance, the '.com' key doesn't work, instead it inserts some weird square graphic. I am also unable to insert numbers or special characters using the physical keypad. This really must be addressed if I am to continue using this browser.
I can play videos which cannot be played on other browsers.
Awesome
Awesome
It could have been the best browser for android if it supported arabic characters as well as plug-ins
It's a nice
Force closes everytime while going through amarujala website. 5* if it does not force close.
Good one
Sweet
The download is grate but the browse is lagi and ram hungry.
When traffic is maximum then response is too bad...so plz solve that issue.....
facebook pictures and comments get cut off
Need update! Support
But hav to improve and clear some bugs
Uses lots of ram n its very slow
It disconnect wifi whenever light off!! Fix it. It is awsm app
Yes this very good browser
I  want to give a 5 stars review.   Great work so far.   This is exactly the kind of browser that's needed.   Most of the time none of the links work on the touch screen and it doesn't always open the full websites leaving you thinking there's no more to see until you open the same Site in a different browser.   Great start, but not ready for prime time. DINC2 MIUI VER 1.12.9 GB 2.3.5, 4EXT Recovery, CPU Tuner, iphone Notifications, Automateit Pro, My-Cast Weather, Sslauncher > > Wow!
Good app but mobile is hanging, please solve this problem... And this is not stayable I hate tha.
Uc brow..... 7 is much better than 8  in 8
Sexy....
Very slow on loading web pages.only plus point is option for resume download.
UC is the best for  android .
Nice application
favorite in downloading but not in browsing..
Very bad.....
It's a good browser.
Sexy browser ever seen
N
Update uc browser.
Fuckin good
But its browsing is too bad need too much work on it...
Hopefully the individuals who put this together read this. FINALLY a browser that will play clips from Mixlr. The only issue is that in order for it to work, you have to clear the cache then log onto Mixlr to get the popup to allow Flash. Once it is installed, you can play clips. If you specify an actual clip, it won't play. If you leave a specific channel, it won't play. In order to get it to work, you must start the whole process over again. I have an HTC Sense.
UC Browser
On my LG o2x it constantly fc when I open more than 2 tabs, fix that and you get my 5 stars cause it's a great browser
Poor browsing excellent downloading
Good but not too fast than ibibo browser
It's a very very very best app....
Rss not working on the browser. While the same is working on the Opera mini.browser. The speed also has detoriated drastically. Please improve its workability.
The best for downloads and reading!
Only let down is that its slow to open and start..
Good to use for fast downloading..
Admit it; this broswer is one of the best in the market for downloading porn.
Nice browser......
Not transcode page well just like previous version Do and its so bulkyyy and sometimes its crash/Force Close when downloading smtng need more improvement
*****
Awesome app
Gr8 one..but add some routine sites for multiporpose
Its good fit downloading not for faster surffing. And might have to say its say 5mb but take too much & must have to be update as far as surffing...
Not gud for browsing but  the bst for downloadin
No flash player can any 1 help
Good in downloading....... Supports resume Facility
It is not as fast as opera mobile
Good one for downloading purpose
Download manager is aweSome, that's why I use this. .but browsing is a bit slow .
The best browser, but when I set it to sd, it takes also much space. :-( App is 5mb and added me more 14mb. It's brutal. :-(
Assum man give it a try ....!!
Its have only a good download manager. Its using for speed download. Pages open process is slow and updates memory is more than 5mb. Every updating is ridiculous.
Super app.high speed browsing .nice app great to Download.
Good ,thik h sirf
Now crash many time and need some more work.
Hmmmm nice...... But when i downlode videos its get failed in half of downlode oly..... :(
Crashes when not in use for a while
Jst good on wifi while browsing..worst on 2G ntwrk..
Many bugs..... Crashes when loading the page with more data........ Crashes down
the acceleration mode suck, google keep asking me to enter confirmation code when searching, Facebook block me from login when using acceleration mode also
So slow
Bakwas hai. . . Download speed b kam hai. . . . Dimag kharab kar dia is browser ne.  . . .
F...ks.. Not able to download songs n videos... Its previous version is far better than this. I would have given 5 stars for that version but for this version 3 is more
not bad
Nice
Nice
Its fast.but a few serious minuses..when minimized the downloads stop after some time.also the webpages should be reloaded every time I minimize and restore..
then I had trouble loading any flash content. I am impressed with how the rest of the browser performs though.
Waste uc updated.....it was sucking me.....plz update again or 
Give old one
Or fk off
Not bad browsing experiance in 2G
Downloading sometimes gets stuck in the halfway .uc should do something about it in the next update. except for that the app is gud.
Gud for data saving.... Also flash ready ...
It crashes many times
flash player are not working properly
H
One of the major point of this app is- its  fastest downloader specially for downloading large files and another thing even when you get disconnect from data or wife.. you can resume the download from breakpoint. But minus is its too large, uses more phone memory, sometimes its get crash while downloading so four stars pls fix it
Opera mini doesn't connect when UCBrowser is installed. The moment I uninstall it Opera Mini starts working again. Plus, it still doesn't compress data. I don't know what I'm doing wrong
But downloading is slowww what to do???
Not bad...but stop unexpectedly/forced close..
A very good experience at browsing.. it is so heavy on low end phones .. please do something about it .. if you get it done this might be the world's best browser
Best downloader but not fast browser
Opera is much better
Crashes often. The videos start buffering again on youtube if I get a call while watching a video
t.k
A big browser on my Ace. It took 20 Mb of my phone's space n it sometimes closes unexpedly. It occupying too much space.........
It has a really sleek design and looks amazing but it lags. I'm on a Galaxy S2 with 1.2GHz dual core and it LAGS! If you don't mind the lag then this browser is deffinetly for you! Ad I said, it looks stunning.
C
it ws bst before plz fix it
Very good.and fast.
There r prblm when dwnlod its nt dwnlod nothing previous r good
Until the recent update UC was one of the collest browsers in Play. But after the update it crashes every now and then even while i have only one tab opened and no background works going on in UC and phone. Samsung GT-S5670
I use this browser only for downloads and also the customer care guy does not know what android status bar is. Seriously?
No night mode! !!
why does it always have to run in the background?
Superb downloader but slow browsing
I like the multi touch gestures, but it doesn't work well with Swype on my phone for some reason, or when viewing pictures on Facebook.
Supports flash on low end devices
Best browser in Google play but it should be usable for data download. Not good for browsing.
Its great browser when version is 7.8 but now its spoiling its name by beta versions..   Because its got lot of problems,like automatic closing,crashing lot,.  Pls fix this issues,pls try to get top position among other browsers
Its good bt slow.....
How to download any streaming video playing in flash player from any website....please add a feature to support this..I am using Xperia Pro...
Nice aap
Nice
Uc browser 7 is better den 8
Usb its good but not much better....!!!! Downloading speed is normal...!!!
In this browser youtube is not working
it is force closing.downloading and browsing speed is also not good as previous.when i click on its homepage icon it is loading and shows white screen.
ThanQ for fixing the resuming download files. Please fix the following.. Whenever download tab is opened, download prompt message is causing issue.. needs restarting UC web.
I am using this browser from last 2 years on different phones but in this phone it stop automatically when we run it in background. Plz fix it
There should be an option to save original image in data saving mode.
Help to brows sits & also get nice dwnld speed
Ccccc
Bugs crash n errors please fix it
its not to fast..but good than any other browser
After update it can't b opened in samsung galaxy r.fix it plz
downloading stops automatically when kept on stand by
Just fix the downloading error,it fails when 95% of the movie is downloaded. And then it starts again,,,, :-(
Still need good updation...
good specially for downloading
Change it back the way it was 2 download & fix the force closing when downloading
It doesnt  work in galaxy y Samsung.
D only gud thing is dload doesnt fail wen i close d browser..
Forces close. Is their many times
Great
Good
there is not speed
It is the best browser in gprs activated mobile technology. It works very fast in my andriod device (sumsung glaxy ace duos). Thanks to the entire team.
It is the best browser in gprs activated mobile technology. It works very fast in my andriod device (sumsung glaxy ace duos). Thanks to the entire team.
Its a very effective browser as it can be downloaded in any phone which have the capability of downloading,and i believes that this is the no.1 web browser with a amazing speed
It keeps becoming unresponsive after it loads a page.
Its amasing try out its fast..... Really..
Best BrOwSëR!!!!!
Need more improvement
Faster browser for android still some connection problems
the night mode was too dark. even the brightness level on 100%.  please fix it.
Downloading speed is execellent save data but interface is not refined
āwęşomę ųpdāţę...... lv įţ again
Im using uc from last 4 years in my symbian phone.. but now i have an android phone . It seem incomplete in android.
Good
Awesome yaar..
Good n best for downloading files
it gets always fridge and showing notice of clearing all downloading datas ,uc download manager doesn't work properly always get restart instead of resume. check it out.
Good working but very late.
Quick and clear!
Nt bad
Jtm jmjtwatwjtwmjuwjjmmwjtd www
Best one around
More help to manage download tasks...
Awesmmmmn
Like this browser, especially the data compression for those of us on a limited data plan. The only gripe I have is the brightness setting. Instead of using my auto brightness it requires you to go into settings and set brightness manually which becomes a bit annoying after a while. Would like the option of using system brightness.
its nice.naresh
Nt bad
Very nice application. Fast and Efficient.
Its nice ...
Very nice.
Perfect...
Bad app improve much more
It is a good web browser... But it use more battary power....
Good to use.....
nice
Nice app
I say ppl to download this cz, its the fastest browser seen in the market .. Opera is nothin front of this uc browser ..
Nice soft wear
UC was my fav browser in symbian. Bt in my samsung ace duos it doesnt even connect...  Plz do something
But does not buffer youtube
Best app ever.
Best Browser in the Market
Really a cool browser especially for slower networks. But, sometimes gets crashed. So, four stars
Wrks awsm... Not fast browsing compard to opera,, asks for reloding every time on low netwrk
After some time of use the downloads of vidios actually starts as stream which is really annoying d downloads are not smooth!!
Great browser but please add Arabic Language. Thank u :)
I just like the uc and for dwnloding it is fast.
When i use google it always ask for human test. Otherwise 5 star.
Good
When we get out of the browser the download stops. Please fix it.  Its aa good browser. Its really seep up downloads
Slow start but still good
Some video file can't downloaded.pls fix it.
Niceh
But it closed in background and uc y dont u provide us user interface like your Chinese app and I want uc downloader too :-(
Best android browser yet, still has some room left for perfection ... till then 4 stars it is!!
much better yhan default browzer... but most time when googling the browser asking to type the letters in the box to confirm u r human.. tvats bit annouing nd plz solve... 4star
Fasty fast
Its good
It is improve his speed
But I can't rotate the screen. Pjs fix dat.
It keeps on crashing again and again
Uc browser is the no.1 web browser
uc is awesome browser in play store
uc is awesome browser in play store
gud
This is awesome browser ..
I have been opera mini more than two years its performance is very Gud while browsing but its suddenly closed the apps..its realy downs the apps functionality ....and have faved this problem so many times.   The one thing i would like To convey is while downloading something it got automatically  cancelled if we try to minimize..buy when compared to other browser there some functionality which still keeps the active or puase .  Kindly improvw these points. And opera mini will be the best browser in androivd
FANTASTIC THATS WHAT I SAY
Getting good speed via WiFi and powerful download in my ........ Xperia P
Where is 8.5 version
Simply good
Good work
Its Superb browser but there should be add History button in the Browser !
Cant update.....
This browser are really great but themes not avalable in this version plz update again with themes so i give you ★★★★★ im waiting for your response dear uc team... :-)
Gud but force close problem
Awesome
A very good dwnload manager. Has multi touch gestures an all. Over all grt browser.
How come it never opens Flash video clips correctly.
improve the stability when it minimize and downloads are paused when minimize also screen lock then download will paused. allow the function auto restart the download when network is available.
Love u
Nice app u will get 5 star if u add some themes....
Ok
Uc is best but improve its downloading speed that would take Uc to the heaven and make no.1 browser for mobile
...
...
Thanks Uc
...
Good  luck :-)
Awsome. Resume download is best.
Luv dis browser! Itz awesum!!:-):-)
Cant update it.. But have good speed in wifi and 3g
Perfect for downloading..
Simply good
Nice and best for downloading but it crash when minimised
Overlaping of search results.... Otherwise ok
Coldnt give speed and also not work well after update
Good Browser..........I Like This.....
nice one, but some downloads cannot be done
Great app,, but im feel little lag every zooming..
very fast when compared to other apps nice
Uc the best
I like it uc.
Good browser.....
Stops downloading while its on standby or else the app is fantastic
It's a nice experience.love to use it.......
May be little bit more bettr.....so 4stars
Good Browser.
Nice
Nice
Google searches get blocked....  Why?
not best but good
Yeah this app is a lot good than other browsers....but whenever i minimise it.......it always gets closed pls solve it.
There is one problem in uc browser that it doesn't support the latest version of adobe flash player if u can solve this problem then it would be 5 stars and the best browser in play store
i like uc but the quality is not up to mark like dolphin etc.
Not working on jelly bean
It dont want to start after system update android 4.1
It's nice and all, but 9MB on my phone ad opposed to having it on my SD card is not cool, especially for a browser. I think I might keep it.
It's nice and all, but 9MB on my phone ad opposed to having it on my SD card is not cool, especially for a browser. I think I might keep it.
Works great......but pls add the theme option again,it adds more beauty to browser.
Zakas
it is using too much memory and stops working while minimizing..otherwise best browser
Best for downloading
Nice
superb browser , i ll give 5 star if it doesn't closes when minimized
Superb browser i ever used . . But some connectivity problem when changing the sim card . . Otherwise itz the best . . .
Simple and Fast.
I love it.
It's the best browser for downloading.
Tried it on my old phone. So unbelievably fast! But sadly doesn't work on jellybean yet.
Best browser far gone for the use of a web site.. .duelingnetwork. com. ...only problem I have is thank  its a flash game(all good) but I keyboard disentangle pops up(idk why). I have like 4 different so yeah that's my only problem.. .please fix it crew :p
Best browser far gone for the use of a web site.. .duelingnetwork. com. ...only problem I have is thank  its a flash game(all good) but I keyboard disentangle pops up(idk why). I have like 4 different so yeah that's my only problem.. .please fix it crew :p
Gud 4 speed browsing & downloading.. but, Force closes in more dan 5 tabs along wid 2-3 downloads! Rest all nice!!
It is a cool browser for mobile
Fastest downloading.. but the app iz of 5.35mb & after instalation its becomes 35mb... Sony Ericsson W8.. :-(
ni ce
Awesome browser...this is d best browser but after yhe new update there is problem when i minimises d browser it stops d downloading nd automatically closes d browser
Nice
Great app. Bt some problem with flash video........so plzzz update it..... ..
Very very poor browser
Very very poor browser
the browser is not working on Micromax A50 Android Phone..Just crashes the moment I try to open it....So plz fix that problem...
Slow but good
Super dwld
Miracle
Best of the lot
It's good and fast
Not bad...
Why didnt i get this app before been using opera thanks alot its faster gud one...
Best browser i've seen till now however there is one problem. Downloading is okay but stops once screen times out n locks. Pls fix
Very fast
Please update your pinch to zoom feature,sometimes when I move my fingers on the touchscreen,it loads for no reason.And it needs more speed improvement.
Board app
Can give 5 star if it remain minimized
It's gud
RIZWAN
Like it but if u clear the cache problem I would rate it 5
Problem in downloading..... Fix it as possible as soon......
Its layout rocks
Amazing
Give 5 stars if udisk is supported on next version as in symbian.
Nyc
Superrrr fast downloding in my sony xperia arc s but error problem also coming to networkk
Only complaint is the cutesy  cat lcon
Amazing
one star remaining fir your problem
Good and better downloads
Mast h yaar
But why not happening download on my mobile ?
Nice performance
Closes downloading on minimizing , else nice
Its better than opera mini!!
It good...
Best browser
To much Mb used and I really don't like having to look at the stupid cute character all the time! I change the icon but it still reverts when booting etc.
To much Mb used and I really don't like having to look at the stupid cute character all the time! I change the icon but it still reverts when booting etc.
It crasher many times. Older version is much stable.
Uc browsers downloader is fasr
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Itz gud but ummm itz gud
Nyc browser
Very good
Very good
I thing some changes require...
Disastes one for symbian but best for android
Super cool browser
No doubt a best browser. But When i minimize it, it closed automatically.. Please fix this. .
It has good speed for downloading but when I minimise the app the download pauses.otherwise 5 stars.
It was working fine in ICS ROM but not working in JB rom
Gr8 browser
Good for downloading songs
Doesn't work on jellybeans used to work the best on older OS. It doesn't even start.
Doesn't work on jellybeans used to work the best on older OS. It doesn't even start.
Uc browser7.8 is much better in every aspect
Its nyc
It's gr8 but some tym creates prblms Lyk big files
Actually it is a very nice browser with a fast downloading capability.
hangs in the download section!! App is of 5mb & becomes of 35mb after sometime!!!!! WTF! :@ But itz d best browser! Need fix'!
great app but download fail to resume some time
Its a great browser but it has some bugs.. 1. It takes a lot of RAM overtime.. 2. It also takes a lot of Internal Memory brcause we can't clear the data.. 3. Also it crashes sometimes.. Rarely but it does! FIX THESE AND IT WILL SURELY BE TGE SUPER BROWSER FOR.ANDROID.. :)
Okay,  great features but very laggy, its irritating!
gfyfdugd
Its very nice browser
downloding me shi nhi hai
The app always crashes at the start every time I open it on my Galaxy Nexus. Please do fix it.
Congo......:))))
Its slow & stuckinggg... But still uc is fine for downlads
Lovelee
Lovelee
Not as fast as Opera Mini or xscope browser on my SGS2. I don't understand the high rating. It's buggy - sometimes parts of the screen do not render, and Page panning stutters. In short - it's very unpolished and unprofessional. Even Firefox Beta works much better than this browser. Un installing.
I like
Nice...
Please make it to. Movable to sd card. Or reduce the size
When trying to downloading large files it only downloads the link and not the file otherwise its awesome
Very fast smart Gives speed even on low network in 2g But not as advanced as opera Firefox or dolphin
faster download data app.
faster download data app.
Its my fav. browser.but It crashes so many times during files downloading.pls fix the problem.......
Nice
I like it very much
Its gud
This app gives gud download speed, but as soon as i lock the screen downloading paused or minimised to 1kbps in my galaxy sl and optimus black, otherwise its a ok ok app to try. Fix it. Ill rate it 5 star when this prblm is fixed.
This app gives gud download speed, but as soon as i lock the screen downloading paused or minimised to 1kbps in my galaxy sl and optimus black, otherwise its a ok ok app to try. Fix it. Ill rate it 5 star when this prblm is fixed.
I am facing the data storage issue it is consuming phone memory when I download any files even though I store the files in sd card
Its a fantastic app bt it only max 2 task at a time n its speed is gr8
It is very good browser
Why no slashdot in quick reader channels?
Its great browser its downloading speed too good
Best browser very fast nd a very gud download manager bt nt smooth so 4 stars
Tfgcgh Etch
Pls fix bugs... it keeps crashing whn in sd card...
love this. Just like the desktop.
That.d good
It is not loading any of the flash items in the web page.......other browsers are working properly....
It is not loading any of the flash items in the web page.......other browsers are working properly....
Mast jhakas
It's good but not a exlnt...  Razz
Thid is awesome app for downloading bcoz i am getting upto 30kbps downloading speed in my 2G network and its without any trick.But browsing speed is normal not so good so thats why i am giving 4 star to it. I will give 5 stars if there is a superfast browsing also
Oosum
Gr8
Uc brawosr
Hi Dalings..... its ok
I believed that uc was the best browser. Bt i was wrong. Too many crashes and low speed performance buk up   pls fix it
nice browser, downloading speeds good.
Nice
It takes up 17mb phone memory inspite of moving to sd card, also it stops working when minimized, uninstalled
Its good but sometymz downloading failed even the internet is there also.. so kindly fix this problem
Now runing fast but when it is runing downloading it can not open any search page or,big slower,its size is also big,some time well work ,sometime not
He,G.L
qgmwhrjrw ekkr
I like uc but when I minimize it then it is automatically close this is problem
Its vry gud to use. Ths aap makes ur time free. Nd let u 2 surf the whole world.
It download file fast
If u gv option to see history then it would help us more.
Love
Excellent app. Good job develoers.
Excellent app. Good job develoers.
b'coz..... der z no chat room..... :-/ :-((((
Its fast for the sites I use it on, which I love. But after using the browser for one week I can no longer login using this browser. And the text gets wacky when using the period key, it repeats the last word for every peroid. Ex: 3 periods makes the text repeat 3 of the same word.
Its fast for the sites I use it on, which I love. But after using the browser for one week I can no longer login using this browser. And the text gets wacky when using the period key, it repeats the last word for every peroid. Ex: 3 periods makes the text repeat 3 of the same word.
It work's very fast in SIII . It's a very amazing app for SIII user's .
Best
Nice and interesting. Go for it
Its faster than dolphin mini and opera mini...but can add bit more class...u know by changing the same old interface..
It doestnt load pages when data speed is low unlike the previous versions. Fix this please.
Four stars only for not having fast download speed n not ale totype nos. But great app which continues d download if stopped from same place n not right from begin. Also web pages load in a jiffy
This is best downloader, Surfing is not good it takes lot of time to load website
This would be my browser IF it downloaded files to the associated app, like overdrive for epub/audiobooks. Great rendering and speed
Uc like cdr
Uc8 is not really good for handling, bt its quit rich in downloading speed n memory saving. So overall just ok!
In JB 4.1.1 it does not work
great downloading spee d
It is the best
Its nice
Power performance
Need improvment!
It takes a lot of memory in phone memory other wise 5star
Verry good app
exilent
for downloading video
If Possible make uc browser to download each and everything from any site by default....
Just truely great..a must have app...just sometimes it got crashed otherwise i would ve given it 5 stars..plz fix it
This iz app is very good app. Nd very fast app. Good i realy like it 4 app......
Khup chan
good
supar
Its ok for dowloading movies i used this browser but its not good for multi tasking the way i used to with my old phone nx3o2 ...
itttt bestt
Wowser
where do i download flash plugin?
Amazing browser
Aussum app
I use it from da start even in my nokia n tablet....truely terrific
Nice
good
Porn can be easily download
4 star b.c im not able to browse flash web sites if dis issue will b resolve then 5 star its rwallu such a nice browser
att ah uc browser
Its very nice.
Really a good browser. For sony users who cant find downloaded music files should use astro file manager to transfer file from uc download to music folder or just restart phone you will get it. Just hope it could have been a bit faster.
Solid yrr
It surely fast....thx
Very friendly to use.one should try
Nice
Mast h,...
Y
This is the fastest browser I have ever use.......but I can't download any embedded videos......in skyfire it can only watch embedded videos,,,like that or it would be better if Uc can download embedded videos or can watch through uc .....I think most of Uc users want it.......
This is great application....its awesome
Crashed all the time....my dwnlding get interrupted...
Crashed all the time....my dwnlding get interrupted...
Nice 1..vry use ful.
I loves this browser its awesome
Good
It's a fast and fun browser. The multi touch gestures for tabs are convenient and interactive. It has pretty much anything you'd expect from a good mobile browser. However, there are a few shortcomings; for example, the browser turns the brightness up 100% on startup for some reason, which is quite annoying. Also, some websites don't render properly, and the UI does contain some Engrish.   All in all, this is a good browser, but has some obvious bugs that need to be worked out. 4/5.
Very nice browser especially for downloading
Nice one and works good        -
Nice shit
But not good for browsing
Raja
Hi bry Good browser
very fast
jakas..  .
Good
2 star is just for the download manager that somehow faster than other, for opening web page and others i got no comment!
its gr8.....
Speed  downloading n pics quality awsome...but need fast network to load new pages.
Good browser and no complaints but could you make it two touches instead of one to zoom in
Good browser and no complaints but could you make it two touches instead of one to zoom in
Very good for downloading... You can go for it..
Can be more better,by adding more features
Defenitely one of the best Android browser..
Super
Honestly I had decided opera mini was the best..not anymore..uc is sometimes faster..love volume scrolling..my only complaint is choppy scrolling and pinch to zoom..if further updates can improve on it, I'm sold.
But need to improve a lot......
Makes my browser waayyy faster! <3 it
The best ever
Nice browser
Jkhaaaaas
everything is simply awesome except its memory usage pls do sumthing .....
idea blade
O g y to best h g
He is a best browser his 3G speed
Its not better than dolphin browser HD
F
I can't believe how fast this browser, I mean I genuinely didn't know a browser could be this fast. It didn't load my facebook at all but I can forgive it for that because this is the only browser I have come across that reflows text on ebay descriptions. It does seem to be a but of a memory and battery hog hence only 4 stars...for now.
Awesome..
Downloading is very slow plz chek this nd dont work on fb :(  Ankush </3
Not work more than two download .
Why i cant clear my memory phone after use this browser. When i clear cookies and others, still same. Love older version. Easy to clear my memory phone after surf the net.
Excellent web browser.
Awesome..... So gooodddd....
Gud
very good application
Good browser
Its downloading speed very nice and over and all nice browser....Rs.
Much better than any browser..much faster..i switched from dolphin to this and never looked back!
Super
We have used many browsers but "UC" uc is best browser don't mention opera only bullshit
It's works gr8 on my ace... U can pause download and later continue whenever u want....
Not so cool but preety faster download
The best browser but error when download
I would give it 5 stars if u fix the bugs. Crash so many times even when i save it on SD :(
Faster....
i like this browser but it is not good
i like this browser but it is not good
Coooooooooooooooool
Coooooooooooooooool
Best browser
Awesome
Maa kasam ganta app hai Maa chutgai app install karte karte ........no pic on faceboo
This app really worth 10stars but i am supplied only5 stars......
Why does it stops downloading when the screen is locked?pls tell me a way to fix this otherwise it's the best browser
Real browsing experience
Good for downloading stuff and d night mode is really helpful !
Nice Alp
On of the rare browsers that offer great speed
Good
Still want 2 develope
It really works good. Its not like opera mini.
Nice browser...
Good and fast but webpages does not open like pc .....
Memory monger....fancy 2 eyes........downloading is as gud as maxthon or boat browser bt browsing is far slower than opera mini.
Good browser for downloads
Hav brought gud competition against Dolphin
Best browser for downloading..!!
Very good browser. Night mode good option
Good
best browser for downloading.........!!!!!
Improve downloading     Thank you
This the best among all the  other bullshit
This the best among all the  other bullshit
What is authentication error? It asks me to sign in my google while I am already signed!!! I cannot update this latest version :(.
Faster speed, queckly open filesa. You should get it
real nice
Flash is not working for wt19i.
Fentastic browsar
Nice
Good browser with loads of features
Work slow over all nice app
Thid app is very niece so if u want fast browsing install this app.
Best
Version 7 was the fastest now its a bit slow.. But good nevertheless
Version 7 was the fastest now its a bit slow.. But good nevertheless
Slow browsing fast downloading
Nice but sometime very slow
Good........
It is very nice & very smooth to  running the internet.......
It is very nice & very smooth to  running the internet.......
Good for pausing d downloads.. But apperaences r very classic..
Do it best
Certain site cannot be opened after last update. And seem to be lagging ....  overall best browser if u can solve these issue ... I will give one more star
The web browser is really great. Please add background downloading so we can do our other works rite now we have tho cloase the browser and because of this download please add this feature!!
Sometimes its doing problems
it consumes a lot of space on the device.plz fix it,otherwise the best browser application...
Works perfectly and best browser for me
Good
This is am awesome browser. I can't stand the icon though.
I like it :)
Goood but opera surfing fast downloading slow an yc browser surfing slow downloading fast pleas repair probl.......
I've been looking for an alternative to Opera Mini, which is fast, condenses data, syncs easily for bookmarks and settings and leaves a small footprint. However, Opera's recent updates have been underwhelming. I like that UC condenses data without making pages look bland. Also like the many settings (like disabling cache). However, I would love to see features like added bookmark sync (perhaps with Firefox?), ability to create subfolders, and less clunkiness. But so far, I like where this is headed.
Does not work on MicromaxA50 please fix
GÖÖĐ performance wise...
Awesome gives a good speed than other browsers....
Gr8 app must have
The best mobile browser
Its very good browser on my phone
Wow wow wow
gud 1
On Flash 8.3.0.143 loading flash plug-ins is incomplete.It wont load all flash content.UC 8.2.3 did not have that kind of problem.Fix It and You will have 5 stars.
Good.....
great browser... but data is not cleared properly..
Enable to open new 8.3 uc browser
Saves a lotta mb bt later lags even n d 1ghz ph!!
sometime during multiple downloading blu screen appears and the browser get hanged fix it. add hindi also
Its very good for downloading videos
Cool
Drains lots of my phone memory....when use this browser more my phone memory gets low plz fix this issue.........other wise gud browser .very fast and easy...
Best browser
Cycc
Its amazing boss
Good
Bt nt so nice
Hmmm more stable than the previous version but 14mb internal memory is still a big problem. Samsung Galaxy 551 (GT-I5510)
Hmmm more stable than the previous version but 14mb internal memory is still a big problem. Samsung Galaxy 551 (GT-I5510)
Huh
Good but not for image search result is very slow
Was 5 stars, but 8.3 is only 4 due to the new UI. Please replace the Home button back to like in ver 8.2
I like that browser but its function is very slow than opera browser
like it bt dont lv it
It's working well
Popular sites section is missing in this update. That was helpful, why do you want to remove that?
Awesome apps when I download movie in mobile using this browser.so I like this very much
We want more...
But sometime can't get the page
After update it is v.good.and great for multimedia
Nice update. Awesome, loads pages in seconds.
I have been using it since its java platform releases and in the android version it works best with my samsung galaxy note
Goody
Its nice but add the flash player and etc...
Reload button is a must. Waiting for it in thee next update.
They need to make it compatible with low end devices
Works really good n fast
Nice app. Consuming more memory.
Do nt work fine with fb..
Very nice and effective
Gave 5 fast and good apps
Nice browser!
Awesome application Worth downloading
Nice browser
If you have problems w browser check your settings. If not solved contact customer support Fast browser w many features. I imported bookmarks easily from stock browser on setup.
Good
It's a good app Specially good for downloading
nice
Browserrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr it is gooooood
Works great on my LG P500...:-)
Nice one. .....
Game browser hai
This applicatn s realy wonderfulu very easy to use dnt want to wait so much i ll suggest to all to use dis applicatin
The app iz very go.. But one  problem is there no refresh icon ...
God for download..
A nice browser....vry affective for downloads ...
Fast even on GPRS and EDGE
Hdfggbu ..
poor image quality
Good browser pretty useful
It's nice
What the hell the useless browser do'nt want to use it.............
What the hell the useless browser do'nt want to use it.............
It's very good browser
Thanks for making once again compatible with LG P4500 Everything best! One star less BECAUSE it consumes almost 20-25 MB space
Awesome...faster..
Ausm
Really fast browser, I like it.
cnsumes lot of space in 2.2 .. upto 20 mb..
Nice
Downloading speed is so good I love this....
Lose 1 star... Why? -U hav to wait until the prompt show the last alphabet U type, ex. when U type 'hair' on the search box without wait the prompt dissapear on 'r' then browser will search 'hai'. This is UCWEB common problem since my N73 symbian time. -Size too big, n kinda lag. Another common problem. -(this why this browser lose 1 star) NOW YOU SUPPORT BLOCKED SITE????!!!! C'MON!!! BOOO!!!
its good but smetimes i directy out frm uc browser download stop automaticaly.....
:)
Not bad
Thangod I have it with me
best ..... but i got problem .....no saved tab....
Works great. I hav started using it more often than opera mini. But sometimes crashes...
I'm loving this browser . . . Awesome handling n very good performance in loading mobile view .
Nice app...
It doesn't show the full page on the mobile.. Some part gets cropped up.. Also ask to type the cache most of the time.. Please fix it.. Otherwise excellent app..
Lots of pros .....only a few cons..
Need a task killer
Fastest browser ever........
Gooooooood
Nice and cool application
It is more better than opera  And dolphin browser and browsing speed us good
Vry gud...but sometimes downloading fails
Very slow on loading web pages.only plus point is option for resume download.
The only issue I have with it is no lastpass support like dolphin browser has. I can't browse without all my complicated passwords right at hand.
Its cool much fst download.....!!!
plzz dont download this. also it is not working on galaxy ace
Very Good.....
Nice app.....cool
worst in dis world
Awesome apppppppppp...
Awesome apppppppppp...
Some bug in downloading,,, download stops automaticly,,
It's a good browser.
Fuckin good
Hopefully the individuals who put this together read this. FINALLY a browser that will play clips from Mixlr. The only issue is that in order for it to work, you have to clear the cache then log onto Mixlr to get the popup to allow Flash. Once it is installed, you can play clips. If you specify an actual clip, it won't play. If you leave a specific channel, it won't play. In order to get it to work, you must start the whole process over again. I have an HTC Sense.
Hopefully the individuals who put this together read this. FINALLY a browser that will play clips from Mixlr. The only issue is that in order for it to work, you have to clear the cache then log onto Mixlr to get the popup to allow Flash. Once it is installed, you can play clips. If you specify an actual clip, it won't play. If you leave a specific channel, it won't play. In order to get it to work, you must start the whole process over again. I have an HTC Sense.
Nice
Its good for download music.video.  but when download software it crashes sometime. Otherwise. Its. Good
On my LG o2x it constantly fc when I open more than 2 tabs, fix that and you get my 5 stars cause it's a great browser
Totall jacked
Good work in my phone
very nice
A good browser with speed but sometime crashes on my xperia neo v(ics) otherwise would have given 5 . Simple and easy to use and great interface.
Good to use for fast downloading..
Very nice
The browser is awsome and saves a loot of pakage ....awsome but the layout of the webpages r not sooo goood as expected like dolphin browser can improve better
fuckingly good...
Its a excellent browser interface is so good. But slower than opera mini.
Gr8 one..but add some routine sites for multiporpose
Not gud for browsing but  the bst for downloadin
Browser
Waste
Good in downloading....... Supports resume Facility
G8 for downloads bt plzzz try to reduce its size coz it uses more than 12 mb after installation... :)
Ok
It works good. Is there any option to save pages? So I can read it off line.
From last update browse becomes very slow . Please fix this...4 star for old version
Nice..but the is problem in downloading files from it..please fix it
I am using samsung gt 551 which has a qwerty keypad and I am not able to type in alt + keyword ........
Better than other browser
there is no option to move in sd card.....
Downloading fast ....
Best browser
Only con is that it has its own rendering engine. One more rendering engine to make web developers work harder. The problem is, despite its popularity in China, many Western sites will not display properly. See Google for example. This web browser does follow standards, however.
Not very good but always useful.
Nicr
Nice
Good
Crashes when not in use for a while
Jst good on wifi while browsing..worst on 2G ntwrk..
the acceleration mode suck, google keep asking me to enter confirmation code when searching, Facebook block me from login when using acceleration mode also
Very nice my faverate
Downloading manager is good bt it would be much better if it could browse faster like opera mini next..
Bakwas hai. . . Download speed b kam hai. . . . Dimag kharab kar dia is browser ne.  . . .
It's best for downloading only...
Have some problem while opening multiple tabs in background. It loads all the tabs again when i close them and open latter...pls fix it
Previous version was awesome. This one sucks. how do u get old version?
I luv it......
I <3 it!
Osom app fa everything...!!!
Its good bt force closes in btwn
It's getting worse after every update.
Good
Thanx, its the top, wow,, but why sometime unconect?
Uc browser is the best till date. Keep it up!
Have a best download manager, but I think browsing speed should be improved...   But it has,unique use for downloading purpose.....
Would have been Five Star but there is a little hiccup with editing and/ or typing text with predictions on  .
Very slow than 8.0
It's gooooood
Nic browser
It is nice i like it
Its downloading is not breaking
good; shows listbox scrollbar bad; enter doesnt work on chat forms
UC rocks
The text input sometimes gets hard when we try to delete a word!! Insteat of that, it is nice!!
awesome browser.. with the highest downloading accelaration..
Gud Beg It
Minimize does not exist so i gave 4 star
It is best browser but it decrease free space in memory so not good for sony ericsson w8. RAM SINGH YADAV
Amzing spd
Giving 4stars only because it takes huge phone memory. Otherwise 5stars. Please fix.
Good enough for browsing bt doesnt work for any downloads
One of the major point of this app is- its  fastest downloader specially for downloading large files and another thing even when you get disconnect from data or wife.. you can resume the download from breakpoint. But minus is its too large, uses more phone memory, sometimes its get crash while downloading so four stars pls fix it
better than opera browser
A simple browser that easily flicks from mobile to pc browsing, making it superior to many others. Could do with the offer of selecting a default homepage and a few other little bits but glad i found it
it is best ; the only thing you should add is YOUTUBE  DOWNLOADER  please try to add this
Awesome app ...
its realy worth full we can use  it no issue
Must have app...
Bbbbbbbbbbbbb
Bhi. Good
Super but pls change the design of browser.
Best browser
Good browser
U tube surfing very long time.
It's cool..............
Gud
But pls pls latest vertions.will gve double 5stars
t.k
aha..UC boom boom!! Fastest nd safest browser evr!
Good Browser but not the best.Need an update to Support New Browser themes.
Bahut fast chaltaa hai hamare aindraid phunva mai..
Its nice brower for java phone but not for anriod!!
It's not come the flash player Pl install the flash player update new version
It's so handy and simply fast than others
Good browser for android ...!!
Very good
Browsing speed is slow But download is much better
Downlod is quite gud... Bt forcecloses too much....
Very nice downloder.......keka
Good features....
Good
Better after updated.
Colour n theme should be better....
Good app but it is not accelarate the interney speed and always says        " WHOOPSIE SOMTHNG WENT WRONG"
Best browser.plz do something it crashes unexpectedly in background while downloading
I will give 5 star but it could not open flash  pages by wifi.
Downloading pauses most of the time after minimizing. Hoping to fix it soon. Also closing a tab is bit difficult
Just awesome... It holds on the download link...doesnt allow to break off which is good..
very good for download !
Nothing found better den dis....
super app. must to downlode...!
Good application
its awesome browser
Nt dat much effective...
closes unexpectedly, no resume support.
Best for downloading.... But little back in surf...
Got max speed for download
phan mem rat hay. luot web nhanh.:-)
It's a good to download anything in a mobile
It auto stops downloads And shuts off if minimized. And malfunctions using fb.
Very nice browser,when you support southindian language like tamil,if you support tamil language i give five star
Very fast speed
Ever used before like this.
Ever used before like this.
Have been using uc since 4 years .. go for it. .
nyc1
Plays flash video's
But unfortunately night mode is missed now
Pretty good
Pretty much good but opera is the best can use for.downloading
Good
Superb .. But doesnt comforts for quick browsing. It doesnt accepts dictionary mode while typing.. :@
Very fast and intuitive. Things requiring flash are very buggy ...at least on my phone.
It is good but not brilliant
Latest update has issues with settings. Pinch zoom not working properly.
Latest update has issues with settings. Pinch zoom not working properly.
Its slow thts why i m looking for other options
Ccccc
Reallyy awsome app
Use full app                   Sudheer Vakadani
This app is the fastest app ever lighting fast amazing !!!!
Great dinky
OSaam
Works nyc in Samsung galaxy Ace
Nice....
Great work in my htc wildfire s
This is a good browser but sometime it made my phone was reboot.  My phone is LG P500 Optimus One. And current ROM is CyanogenMod 7.
Leaving apart the problem of force closing which happens sometimes , this one is really good wit xcellant interface.
Uc browser use it simply
Simply shows there is unusal network form your ur computer when tried to search in google u see google its most important
Best browser.. that let each and every net using option better
Its Downloading is Awesome.... Speed and Powerful.
Good enough
Fast download... Its why gyou get 4 star.... Wheres the one more star? You lose it bcoz u trying to hack my password...
App
Very nice
Gud job
Awesome... As fuck....
Fantastically outstanding browser its just awesome i like its speed so fast nice
It is the best browser in gprs activated mobile technology. It works very fast in my andriod device (sumsung glaxy ace duos). Thanks to the entire team.
Good
Good
Good
Its a very effective browser as it can be downloaded in any phone which have the capability of downloading,and i believes that this is the no.1 web browser with a amazing speed
Awsm app
Very good it ll improve speed of net & it saves the data.
Awesome app's
here in market its showing 5.3mb but after installations this.... its getting 15mb memory
pls fix it.. my mobile dsnt support app to sd
Thank u very much...... It's working fast......
Nice
Its the best browser I have ever used
Nice
I lyk tis and m using nly tis!! I lyk d thng dad it pauses downloads wen conectivty s lost unlyk opera!!!
Very speed Internet browser
Best BrOwSëR!!!!!
Best BrOwSëR!!!!!
Best BrOwSëR!!!!!
Nice app
game
12345 12345 12345 12345 12345
Love it  .. Fastest than other browser
My first browser,
I was a strict Dolphin user until a recent update which screwed it up.  Looked for another browser and found UC, it's what Dolphin used to be but it has a lot more.  I'm hooked.  I have tried loads of browsers and this is the best by a very long way.  A must for any person who uses the web a lot.  5 stars is not enough
Wat the hell is this there is a compatibility issue now with the new version cumin in! Please need dis app for my Samsung galaxy fit hope d problem is resolved soon.
best made a good work
I cant minimize and restore the app... Got too much problem due to this...
I cant minimize and restore the app... Got too much problem due to this...
Kinda addicted to it. But why google search is not working properly? Search result given r opening wid google formatting :(
Good
:-)
good
The fastest browser and easy to use. This is the best...
Faster browser for android still some connection problems
Super fast
Nice browser i recommend to download itt
& fast
& fast
8.4 version is better than before, it also works in 4.1 Downloading speed is juz awesome
āwęşomę ųpdāţę...... lv įţ again
Good
That's we call a good app for browsing intenet..
That's we call a good app for browsing intenet..
Cool
Cool
It,s really awsome
It,s really awsome
Nic browser....
When I update my phone from ICS to jelly bean uc browser not working. When I open it , its return at home page please fix it . Its my favorite browser.
Best browser in market
Best browser in market
Best
Gud for downloading small filess Bt a worst browser for surfing
Very good.
Great when loading films but unable to watch youtube online. Even it is thumsup.
Its gud brwser
Its gud brwser
Excellent browser
I like it really it is fastest browser
excellent browser. must havee
excellent browser. must havee
Very good
Cool
Excllent
Excllent
Quick and clear!
Quick and clear!
Quick and clear!
Nice app.
nice
Fast required
My favorite mobile browser. I use this on my symbian phone before. Smooth browsing and downloading, very user friendly.
Need some speed and better download
Good browser, there's no more to say
Good browser, there's no more to say
Good browser, there's no more to say
Well...downloading with this becomes a good experience.
Good browser
Best one around
Nice
Nice
I love uc coz its dwnld speed is vry faaaassssssst.........i loved it WORLD'S BEST BROWSER. 5 star is lesss for it
I love uc coz its dwnld speed is vry faaaassssssst.........i loved it WORLD'S BEST BROWSER. 5 star is lesss for it
Its very good
More help to manage download tasks...
More help to manage download tasks...
It is the best browser, but now a days I can't download pictures....
Give new verson
Nice.
Awsm.... Very fast in 2g ntwrk too...
Awesmmmmn
Awesmmmmn
Good
Great but it's will be better if there is private mode.
This is gud browser
Superb working i like diz app very much. I love diz
Best browser ever used
nice browser
nice app
nice app
Nice
It's very complicated browser.others are f****ing browsers
Gud
Nice .  Uc
Super fast downloader
Best of the super best
Best of the super best
It's very simpal to use
Perfect application.....
Awesomely fast....
Exlent
hooiiiioooioooiiiioiio
Very fast
Very fast
Eoooowwww
update to 8.4 soon
Finally a update.  Thank you there.
this is very very goooooood beeeeeterr beeeeest browser forever
Ek bar jarur try karo,phir aage ka  socho
Ek bar jarur try karo,phir aage ka  socho
i think its not compatible with samsung galaxy s2
Excelent
Excelent
Its excellent
Nyc browsr Btr than opera mini
Best browser
Good to use.....
Good
Good
Excellent
Best browser I have found. Sleek simple and feature packed. A must have for Android.
Not works as UC..download should be more faster...........bcz  UC means ...download...
Not works as UC..download should be more faster...........bcz  UC means ...download...
Good
Vvv nice
Nice
Its boooom
Iwtp    1 pp00  qr atm   ,ee                 XuxVw
I say ppl to download this cz, its the fastest browser seen in the market .. Opera is nothin front of this uc browser ..
I say ppl to download this cz, its the fastest browser seen in the market .. Opera is nothin front of this uc browser ..
No browser is as great as this... this is the best browser i ever used. If u r not going to downloading this thn u r the fool. Think again and must download.
The King browser
This has been the best,faster and good looking layout browser ever.Infact it's quite wonderful.
Its v.good for my phone.
UC was my fav browser in symbian. Bt in my samsung ace duos it doesnt even connect...  Plz do something
Excellent
Best app ever.
Dear UCLA browser developers I thank you for this great browser. And also if you do get this comment please I have a request. That is that if we can disable the page zoom save feature. This browser is truly one of the best i have used. Which is why I am requesting if there is any ways to disable the page save zoom feature. It is kind of buggy and makes the browsing annoying. So please I hope you guys will accept this request thank you for this great app.
Very fast
Very fast
My best browser
keep it up
keep it up
Great app, frndz, ge it
Epic
Its very simple and lucid to use..truly hassle free!!
The best browser around!.The best browser for movie/video/song downloads, thanx to resume download feature. Better than opera in quality!
It is best and good browser for me and i hop for u all..........  thanx
Best Browser in the Market
Best Browser in the Market
Thanks for the app
app
Dgdggffccc gvvv
Desktop view doesn't working, its a basic feature of every browser and uc cannot provide it.. uninstall..
Awesome....!!!
Slower then 8.3
Awesome net browser u we can play any website videos...
Good one
After some time of use the downloads of vidios actually starts as stream which is really annoying d downloads are not smooth!!
first time i tried this app is when i used my nokia, and until i try my Optimus L7 its still work in its best rate!
It really great i like it very much
It really great i like it very much
Download never fails!!!!!!
Now thats what  I call a complete browser. Its a best browser. It is much better than opera mini and all other browser. Espeicially its night mode browsing which makes my eyes stress free during night. Thanks 4r adding night mode option in that.
When i use google it always ask for human test. Otherwise 5 star.
There must be refresh button below in shortcuts bar ... Like there is home sign there should be a refresh option too
There must be refresh button below in shortcuts bar ... Like there is home sign there should be a refresh option too
Awesome app .... Masha Allaah
Awesome app .... Masha Allaah
Make more faster....
Good
Good
Good
Not worked on my a50
Fast n reliable ..like
Fast n reliable ..like
Has night mode which bells a lot at night n saved batteries.
I think this will be my default. Love the attention to details, the sharing options and the overall engaging GUI.
Its a best browser that i Ever had.....
Sony neo v
Works well'download very fast better then any other.thanks
Works well'download very fast better then any other.thanks
good speed
Tthe best
It's really speedy compared to others.
my fav browser
Best app
Best for downloading but not good for surfing
Faduu
Faduu
Best n cool 1
Best aps till now for download
Gud
This browser has very good feature than my default browser..
This browser has very good feature than my default browser..
it can be a little bit more faster but definitely the best browser for Android.
I only use these browser
Nice broucer
This is the best browser in internet word i have any problem but uc solve total problem and very fast down load and  save my net mb so i am happy to using uc.
Ok
I love UC since my symbian days..its just amazing... Its fast,reliable,nd less cpu usage great dwnld mnger...it got just evrything
Like it
Nice to use
Nice app!! Makes downloading easy as we can resume the failed ones!!
H
Kjojyk
It is a best fr download
A very good browser
Super
just lived it
It is one of the best browser. I am using it since 3 years
It is one of the best browser. I am using it since 3 years
It is one of the best browser. I am using it since 3 years
It is one of the best browser. I am using it since 3 years
I m using since last 5 year reall its superb
I m using since last 5 year reall its superb
New update is not good.. Its auto close application after some time...
Working great
Too good. My first priority for the last several years fire browsing.
Super
like it
Cannot be able to update. But overall uc is a great app for android but please give an minimize button so that we can download files in minimize.
amazing....browser...love it can watch videos listen songs frm my sites
It's a good browser but it needs way to much memory
My favourite mobile web browser, specialy for any download,uc browser is the best speed downloder like others.
Like itttt......
Fastest browser in Nokia as well as in android..love this..5 star
ITS AWSOME.. ...way more fast den my original browser.The only problem is dat d downloads r limited to 2 on my phone
I loved it
Not as fast as opera...gud for java not android.... Not recommended....
But I can't rotate the screen. Pjs fix dat.
But I can't rotate the screen. Pjs fix dat.
Have some crashing issues yet... But there is no doubt it it is the best browser available in the market...
Have some crashing issues yet... But there is no doubt it it is the best browser available in the market...
World's best browser.  ..........!
Its good.... Keep it up uc....
Works great. No issues what so ever. Even after force close downloads pauses and all tabs reopen real easy.
I can update now!!!
Simply great.....!!
Simply great.....!!
Simply great.....!!
No browser can beat dis downloading speed
I have been using it since 6 months. No problems yet. I expect the same in future.
Its great app i like it very much.i am using it before 2years its performens very best.
D best browser in play store....
No more words, it wonder full
Its nyt mode system is a realy gud .... It sav a lot of power.... Thanx
Its nyt mode system is a realy gud .... It sav a lot of power.... Thanx
Faster downloads
Awesome..... :-):-):-)
Coool
nice application..
gud
gud
I'm please with it!
Good.
Fast n easy
Better than others.
Its useful to me file download and upload,,,,
A good one but too heavy for the processor
Super.....
I like this works good thanks
Download faster than other browsers...
Awsome;-) keep it up
i like the browser .......it is awsome...
What a browser :.............:......:....!
Works fine n very speed
One of da' best browser in play store....!!!! it perfrmd nycly
My favorite since last 3Years.
Best of all broser
Cant update.....
Cant update.....
Its the best browser using since 3 years from symbian till android. Good for using gprs and doesnt need data to go back to previous page thts wat i like the most. And fast
Awesome
luks great
Nice 1 works good
Mind blowing.......
Very good app..
Love u uc
Phadu hai bhai..:)
Phadu hai bhai..:)
Finally worth 5
Bhenchod gandu thoda modify toh kar bar update hota rehta hai or khuch bhi naya nhi
Best
Nice aap
Best MOBILE BROWSER ev
Its owsm  better then any browser
speed so gd
Very good.
I have used almost all browsers...i found out this is the excellent app for downloading files...
Still best browser for big downloads
Like dis app
Rtr
Rtr
Gud speed after update 'n' niceeee loook.....
Great appppp....
Awesome ..!!works 5n really cool app for faster browsing.
Awesome ..!!works 5n really cool app for faster browsing.
Very fast browser
Awesome
Very useful for downloading
Love u
This is the most useful app in android app world because it is perfect in every aspect.
Excellent
Excellent
best downloader
best downloader
Nice work
It is better than all other browsers for android.
I love this its work better and recommended for android its fast and look very better but its has one problem when i open facebook bookmark its taking
Its better
The best browser for mobiles... highly recommended
Awesome....
Nice
Excellent app
A4 Awesome
Luv dis browser! Itz awesum!!:-):-)
Perfect
Now UC looking cool....  Again the best browser in play store......:-)
Hey plz upload for tablet it doesn't work in that
Nice............
Awesome
A good quality of browser I have ever used.
Fantastically downloading speed makes it better
Good app for browsing.
Best bowser
Cool
I luv it u will 2 :^)
Excellent than any othr browser on my htc one v Nice job :)
Very good browser.
When I click the home button, it will crash. It is a big problem I ever faced.
Nice and best for downloading but it crash when minimised
Excellent
The browser is fast as lightning !
But it crashes sometmz when downloading two or three file at once
Overlaping of search results.... Otherwise ok
Love the UI interface and its features! Worth-5stars!
Like
Opera browser help free download facebook freinds pic it dosen't support opera load every pic byy
Superb
Superb
Good
I have used it on Symbian and now I'm using it on Android I must say it is a great browser indeed.
Good Browser..........I Like This.....
Good Browser..........I Like This.....
consuming more ram
Very imprasive ....i love this ......
It's a amazing apps. For browsing and downloading
It's a amazing apps. For browsing and downloading
Everytime When i try to download,it hangs,nothing works,i had to pull out battery.rooted LG p500.
it works perfect on my ace
Best
This app is not running good so plz help me to run this properly....
One of the best browser in the market & it's getting better & better. Keep up the good work.
G
Whenever I minimize it and reopen it starts again pausing the downloads. Fix asap.
Like it makes work easy
Usefull once.
koooooooollll fuckll
Very nice browser.  Easy to use and gives good speed.
The best feature of the browser is easy access to 'back' and 'forward' pages with just a slide.
Uc Is Easy To Use ... High Speed Downloading ... XPERIA ....
nicc 1
Its is best software that I  never sean
super fast........10g browser
madarchod for android  phones....
it is the most valuable browser for mobile platform ever made
Except of flash it is the best browser in the market
Except of flash it is the best browser in the market
So good
Jsjs
Its amaging....try it
Nice
Its awesome.
Nice
Nice
Nice
Aaawweeeesssoooommmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeee....
Fast and easy to use browser. Controls and page zoom are just amazing, It's much better that browsers that I tried before:)
I am paid to review this app..
Nice and simple app ..
I like this
Hy frnd's i m using google nexus s,n 4.1 jelly bean update,its not running uc browser 8.3,i m staarted,he is closed,pls help me...
Hy frnd's i m using google nexus s,n 4.1 jelly bean update,its not running uc browser 8.3,i m staarted,he is closed,pls help me...
Best
Best
Best
Guys enjoy browsing on it
O
Veyr god
I LOVE it
How to update newest virsion..
Faadu h boss
Awsm brwsr
Very smooth and fluent running....loved the option of saving it in a different location at the start of download itself..5 on 5
Dhasu app h yr
Dhasu app h yr
Nice app.........kainttt aa
Now 8.4 is supported on jelly bean (4.1.1)
Good Browser.
Nice to download but there is a problem in loading or reloading
Never seen a browser like this.damm it's awsome
It's awesome
mast he boss
This browser is a real wonder. A clear 5 star.
Its exellent .a brillant software
Its exellent .a brillant software
Best app
That's very gud i like itttt
Fastest browser i use...
Excellent rating and Excellent working! Done by somebody
Nice
Nice
I like this vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv        ery      m u c h
I like this vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv        ery      m u c h
Bt it has 1problm it only downloads 2file at same time
Simply awwwwsooome e
Nice browser
Gold
Gold
Gold
Best browser on play store go for it
The best browser I have ever saw
Very very fast.  very low data usage really the only app i rated here.  i luv it. .
Very very fast.  very low data usage really the only app i rated here.  i luv it. .
Very very fast.  very low data usage really the only app i rated here.  i luv it. .
Exellent  app for samsung galaxy ace
Best the best one
V.bad
Very faster browser
Very faster browser
Awesome
Awesome browser. Simply best.
So fast browser
its nice app
Nice and very easy to use
Nice and very easy to use
It is really Awesome. It speed very nice. So i decided to use this browser.
Very fast good
Nice
Nice
Always stuck..bakwas browser..
its good
Good application...
I rarely rate apps, but this browser was just so fantastic I had to. It has a beautiful interface and I really love swiping to get to different tabs, nice one. :D 5/5 keep up the amazing work, dolphin browser is being deleted, this is the only browser for me!
Very very excellent browser
Very good site download is awasome
Kaimmmm browser
Varry Good
(^Ő^)/ ŐĶĂŶ....,
(^Ő^)/ ŐĶĂŶ....,
Best for downloading
Nice application
Great
good
good
Its wonderfull app. Never had esperience of broken downloads. Wonderdul speed. The best browser ever used.
Vary bad and losting
Nice
Best browser for my old s40 n now for my android.:)
Great app nd nice UI All r saying when I opened any other app its going to close bt in my mobile dis nothing happened it always coming try to check in ur options and  Is it possible to get an light in night mode as like wat they are showned
Kickass browser
Kickass browser
Works a treat on my Huawei Ascend.  Simple, light and fast. What more can you ask for? Used the Java version on other handsets, but this is miles better. Free too - thank you.
Works a treat on my Huawei Ascend.  Simple, light and fast. What more can you ask for? Used the Java version on other handsets, but this is miles better. Free too - thank you.
hanging all the time and it automatically take me to the porn sites
Wonderful experience
It's the best browser for downloading.
Tried it on my old phone. So unbelievably fast! But sadly doesn't work on jellybean yet.
Fast and good
Opera is much faster than uc ! UC cant open pages faster n flash doesnt work ! Fucking slow ! really a bad app ! Sorry ! One star nly !
Good
Its a perfect browser but want to move it to SD card
I like
It can't work on my Nexus S with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean.. Pls fix it soon.. :(
It can't work on my Nexus S with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean.. Pls fix it soon.. :(
Naic
browsing at its best....  nothings gona beter with that ... i used 13 browsres avilable 4 my galaxy S-5670 fit uc is best nt only for android bt also for java nd simbian.... i m using this browser for almost 5 years nd in 5 years nothing cn beat its speed its performance
browsing at its best....  nothings gona beter with that ... i used 13 browsres avilable 4 my galaxy S-5670 fit uc is best nt only for android bt also for java nd simbian.... i m using this browser for almost 5 years nd in 5 years nothing cn beat its speed its performance
I like it very much. Try to use less memory. when moved to SD
I like it very much. Try to use less memory. when moved to SD
I like it very much. Try to use less memory. when moved to SD
Good
Good
Super
Just wnderful
5 stars straightaway! It's simple. And it's superb.
Fastest downloading.. but the app iz of 5.35mb & after instalation its becomes 35mb... Sony Ericsson W8.. :-(
Fastest downloading.. but the app iz of 5.35mb & after instalation its becomes 35mb... Sony Ericsson W8.. :-(
Hooooo
beat 3g and 4g broser in world
beat 3g and 4g broser in world
Tmmmmmag
Awesome browser...this is d best browser but after yhe new update there is problem when i minimises d browser it stops d downloading nd automatically closes d browser
Awesome browser...this is d best browser but after yhe new update there is problem when i minimises d browser it stops d downloading nd automatically closes d browser
Awesome browser...this is d best browser but after yhe new update there is problem when i minimises d browser it stops d downloading nd automatically closes d browser
I loved it before it turned into a dark black screen ,please fix this on lg optimus v
I loved it before it turned into a dark black screen ,please fix this on lg optimus v
Great browser i love it its an awsome browser
Best browser i luv it
UC browser works fantastic. It just makes things easier and interesting while exploring the world. I personally suggest the installation of this browser. I rate it 5 star
It works very fast and very powerful downloading speed
Its great for movie downloads.....
fan of it since I used it on java and symbian
Best
Nice apps
Fastest n superb browser ever keep it up
Fastest n superb browser ever keep it up
better and fast downloads
Uc is the fast browser
This is a super browser for  download
please fix memori full
Among browsers i have tried,uc is best one.
Good progress
Good progress
like to use uc its fast to surf
Good!!!!
Good!!!!
so far so good
Just Great application.
Speed browsing even in 2g
Speed browsing even in 2g
Great browser
Indeed far better than much hyped Dolphin & Opera. Cool intuitive responsive features, speed & pleasurable browsing.
superb
It is a best browser but did not available in version 8.5
It is a best browser but did not available in version 8.5
It Roxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.......n......
It Roxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.......n......
Sooooooooogoooooood........
Sooooooooogoooooood........
Best for downloading
Best for downloading
Best for downloading
works fine on my Galaxy sli9003.
Bestt luck enjy
Its the best browser i'v ever used...
Nice n I love it
Miracle
Miracle
I like it using in night mode in night times...
I like it using in night mode in night times...
Great app
This is the perfect browser but i want a theme option for uc.
Awesome app better than the OPERA!!
Thank you UC
Thank you UC
Best
Best release of uc browser ever
It is toooooo good
Xfh
Mast
its awsom
its awsom
Great app and fast too
Great app and fast too
Very fast. Easy and smart tab management. My new favourite
working fine
I try all (opera firefox dolphin maxthon boat etc)  it is the best
It's gud ve uc browser
Fantastic only because of its high download ability
Awsome performance. Great spead of downloading. Superb performance
Awsome performance. Great spead of downloading. Superb performance
Why didnt i get this app before been using opera thanks alot its faster gud one...
ja
ja
Automatically exit when minimising.
Best browser i've seen till now however there is one problem. Downloading is okay but stops once screen times out n locks. Pls fix
Best browser i've seen till now however there is one problem. Downloading is okay but stops once screen times out n locks. Pls fix
My first m browser and it's gr8..
Excellent n fast
Exi....
it gets stuck n stops while downloading and a blue screen appears..cant move on to web pages...soooo bad...pls do smthng.....add page up n down option
Awesome
No
Nice
I LOVE SHREE...
Nice
Best
I like it the most
uc is the best browser
All my troubles are gone with this app.
Nice fast and easy
Always use uc.....forget all browser....when I use it...
Browser is good but have seen that many time it shows wrong speed specially on some websites like 4shared
Nice
Supar liek
Good
Its  download is good but open the page in long time not same as opera mini
Downloads!!!! Must have app!!!
Great
Very good browser to use and only the best
Very good
Very good
Very good
I m since using it 2005 it is best download and browsing
Amazing
Amazing
Awesome app!!!!!
Awesome app!!!!!
Awesome app!!!!!
It's good but artery 2mont downloading problem happening pls chek get it good virson...
Awesome
Superb browser
Superb browser
Nyc
Good
Its nice
Yup Its working fine...
I luv to used it
Frustating
one star remaining fir your problem
This is a fantastic browser. Everyone should download it
I am staying in low signal area and where  opera mini has not done this showed up hope of browing really fast
Very Good Run in my galaxy fit...Really love it...
A browser that actually works! Tried dolphin and opera but both always force closed... this one is great! Super fast!
Perfect just need some work on speed. Slower than opera.
When i see Uac browser i got super fssr speed on my galaxy note
G o o d
Good browser
Good browser
Amazing speed
Cooool
This browser is the most suitable of all the browsers that I have used so far. Its compresses your data and minimises your bill. I used it on my old nokia mobile and loved it even then. Go for it!
Its to good
Its to good
i have never seen this great type of browser in my life its awesome and all operations are there which one i want but the back ward point is that it automatically close when i minimise it please fix this problem and launch new version woth great new features best of luck for new version uc browser team
i have never seen this great type of browser in my life its awesome and all operations are there which one i want but the back ward point is that it automatically close when i minimise it please fix this problem and launch new version woth great new features best of luck for new version uc browser team
Excellent Web browser especially when it comes to downloading media files. Super fast downloading speed even on 2g and what not. 5*
Nice browser cause downloadin speed is very very guud....
Kaddak...for me....
Kaddak...for me....
It works nice
Nice
Nice
Cool...nice
To queeet
Ghajab...
Good not only for android but also for many other devices... I already used this on my previous samsung devices which runs on java os..
5 stars for everything the browser does
Excellent browser! Jauh lebih baik dibandingkan browser bawaan
Nice ,good job....
Its downloading is very fast so I gave him 5 out of 5
Its soo gud dude
Its soo gud dude
Solid apps
Best browser... and downloding speed boosts.. Its not fake..
Dose not support android 4.1.1
This is d wat i want...
Better than opera aunor and tirzo cruz.angelo martico
Its better than opera mini!!
Very smart
Very nice app on my htc wildfire.
It good...
It good...
Its dawnload speed is very fast ..i like it..
Dabanng browser
Superb
don't use this app... hang your phone...137 mb it is used ...
I use this browser since I had symbian phone.....great acceleration download speed....must be in your mobile
Just awesome!!!!
It's very high speed browsing. ...... And downloading. .......
Ossm downloading speed...5 xtar for it!!!
Super
Oswam
Too much capacity for a useless browser.cant open facebook at all fuckin browser shows temporily locked Uninstall.fuckin app......
It is the best browser I have ever used not only because it is the fastest but also because it is well supported with all the features I have ever wanted.
Awesome
It's a very nice browser in comparision of others
Nice software
Big
Awesome. .  . . Need updated version. . .
Awesome. .  . . Need updated version. . .
Awesome. .  . . Need updated version. . .
Awesome. .  . . Need updated version. . .
Awesome. .  . . Need updated version. . .
It crasher many times. Older version is much stable.
Great app
Working well in my Xperia but working better than my mobile in my friend's nokia 5300.
Working well in my Xperia but working better than my mobile in my friend's nokia 5300.
I love this browser
Very good
Very good app,pls always encourage developers by rating them well.
i gave it 5 nly bcoz of itz ossum downloading speed.. nice work guys
High speed browser and downloader
High speed browser and downloader
This browser allows us to dwnload n save ny material wdout ny other s/w which saves our phone n sd card place... Surly dwnload it
Good
Good
Gr8888.... Awesome...
Good
This is very fast browser and downloading speed very nice
Bangar chhe bo bhangar
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Faster, more stable, night mode and user agent.   Everything I need.
Good
Uc browser is fine
Khatea
Itz gud but ummm itz gud
Excellent browser. ..in terms of everythng tht is to be.Even better thn opera.Good speed nd design..i lovd it.
Happy for the night mode returning and downloading is more better than before
Mst h
Mst h
Great downloading speet bu browsing speed not like opera
It's really awesome....
Fhgdygfdh
nice browser..but i want a new update..sooon.
most stable version and fast download......
Awesomeeeeeeeee...
Nice browser from symbian
Great
Aweeeeeee but......
Best.......
Best.......
Best.......
Super brouser
Its too good!
I love this browser fast..faster..fastest.
rtbzn bjjhahfiffcdkbUHGUIXHCFBCVHDVGGYFTSFHfhkhgvhkjghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhjbcffcgjhkfdgjbofgohjkvgfjib
I like it sooo much
Nice
Awesome
awesum browser..love it keep it on..
Cool browser.......
Cool browser.......
Gud
Gud
Wow
I am using samsung GT B7510 n have tested All version of Opera Browser, Dolphin Browser, iBrowser, Android's embeded browser, and so on.....as a User I found that "Opera Mobile" is Superior Browser over Wi-fi & 3G. This the only browser u can trust on for u r Netbanking needs. Where as U C browser is for surfing fast over GPRS & EDGE. This browser suports allmost all website like Desktop browsing although not recommended for Netbanking users. The conclusion is we must these two browser...!!
Won't open at all on jelly bean.. :-(
Its Great
Awesome
Nice browser
My favourite browser and its a 5 star.
I'm having problems in downloadin files, help me,,
Unable to download anything
Only 1problem hang but good speed <3<3 ;-)
This is one of the best browser. I like it.
This is a very use full  apps.
Nice....
Ultimate browser
This browser is very touch friend, fast and has great navigation commands to change tabs and go back and forth. Best browser for Honeycomb.
Hi its a nice browser
Allows you to download basically all videos except for those from YOUTUBE
Its to good i can download very fast and easy....
i love uc browser. 5 out of 5 stars...
Nice browser really handy
Its supper its has high downloading speed
Its supper its has high downloading speed
Its supper its has high downloading speed
it's really aw.... app.
Downloads faster with fully downloads the files better than any other browser........xperia x8 xavi......
I have really started loving this browser more than the other ones such as opera mini, maxthon etc. It is easier to switch between tabs & its soo fast. Thanx for such a great browser...i rate it 5 out of 5 :-)
This browser slow our mobile
Uc browser7.8 is much better in every aspect
Nice
Love it...
Love it...
Using it since my first window phone though android sucks ,but its still performing well.not to mention few crash which I think is not too bed
Nice browser
Good
It so nice and eazy
Better then opera mini I impressed with downloading speed
Better then opera mini I impressed with downloading speed
Its good
This browser is Juzz awesum.... Works perfectly on my HTC one... ;)
great app but download fail to resume some time
Its best feature is the awesome download manager!! :-)
Awesome browser..vry easy to operate.nd very helpful...
yooooooooo
yooooooooo
Great
I'm not able to use numbers, when press alt(fn) to use above number it just type the same alphabet that force me to give 1 star
I'm not able to use numbers, when press alt(fn) to use above number it just type the same alphabet that force me to give 1 star
Best
Best
Best
good n fast trip
Super
Very goog.....easy to use....
Fast download
Why this is not working on Jelly bean....???
Good browser
Made in China always crap things   Boo!!!!!
Nice browser!!!
It is best browser for downloads
It is best browser for downloads
Good browser
Best browser  for downloading
It's superb because it works fast and allows beta pages that is great thing.
Congo......:))))
My phone is playing youtube by using any video player. Good streaming on 2G internet.
Lovelee
Lovelee
Lovelee
Lovelee
Wonder full very nice   hii speed......
Thanks for developing an excellent browser
I like
Chaukas....!!!:)
Grt..browser..with good features..n awesome dowloading speed....really love it...but only flaw as it restarts aftr swapping any other application...kindly fix...but above all best mobile browser......users download it........
No orher browser like dis
Nice browser
When trying to downloading large files it only downloads the link and not the file otherwise its awesome
Huh C C
Great browser with extream download speed. ... I will go wid 5 star
V.good browser
Please FIX problem for MICROMAX A50
Hmm
I'm going to be honest, after I started to use opera mobile I loved the way it looked and functioned. It was quick and convenient with a great start page. I happen to download this one and now I know what a great browser really is its everything opera is and so much more, absolutely fantastic!!!
I'm going to be honest, after I started to use opera mobile I loved the way it looked and functioned. It was quick and convenient with a great start page. I happen to download this one and now I know what a great browser really is its everything opera is and so much more, absolutely fantastic!!!
i totaly aprisiate.....this browser
i totaly aprisiate.....this browser
Keka
Gfygvghf
Failed to launch on Jelly Bean on Galaxy Nexus
Good browser
This is the fastest browser I ever have
Very nice
A
Nice but many sites display wrong . Many flash problems
Excellent speed.
Soo..cool..
Very very excellent
It's best for android.
Gret
Its amazing browser but when I upgrade my android to 4.1.1 its not opening
Best
Best
Ll555
Its my fav. browser.but It crashes so many times during files downloading.pls fix the problem.......
Cool app
Its 5 star in crap
It is very good
Its very goood in filter site's ,but I think have problem in persian and arabic font,please repair:)),tanks
Exlnt
Looks like what I've been looking for!
Awsome its vry fast..............
v n
its good
Nic 1 vry fst downloding
Awsum
Gucyjcggu
Nice
Very best
Opera mini is beter than uc browser.. pls dnt waste ur tym for dl this browser
Nis
More improvement need ;)
More improvement need ;)
7.8 is better browser than8.3
Better than best browser in the market if you are on slow connection......
Better than best browser in the market if you are on slow connection......
Great app. With great functions
Its gud
Its gud
Its very good browser with quite best download manager in it...
I love this browser
superrrr
It's best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;-)
i used to use this browser on my ngage, was the best that time.but now they back to be the best again now. everythings works perfectly, flash, full screen mode, image compresion, and i love the previous/next page gesture. 1 thing, can you make the brightness to auto?
I like this very much
Too good
Owsome
What a br0wseŕ so I give five Star
old version great apps pls  update new  version
Good
Super......super.......
Very good apps
Very good apps
Tfgcgh Etch
Tfgcgh Etch
This browser is awesome.........i love it.........
Very nice
Good
Good
Good
It's a pleasure having uc on android due to features. Which missed in dolphin, opera or any other browsers thanks uc team
Its fast and stable. Good battery/CPU usage. To the person with a Galaxy Ace talking crap about flash - the browser supports Flash, its your rubbish ARMv6 processor in your phone that doesn't support Flash. Don't blame your phones shortcomings on this browser you dingbat idiot.
I am now addicted to it. Works great.
I am now addicted to it. Works great.
I like uc  very much.opera is gud but not so much as uc. due to its gud functions. :-)
I like uc  very much.opera is gud but not so much as uc. due to its gud functions. :-)
I like uc  very much.opera is gud but not so much as uc. due to its gud functions. :-)
resume downloading after 2 days pause.....!  wow!  love u dev !!!
resume downloading after 2 days pause.....!  wow!  love u dev !!!
resume downloading after 2 days pause.....!  wow!  love u dev !!!
That's so nice &offcourse     fast
i just love it. Fast Easy and Very Professional
i just love it. Fast Easy and Very Professional
That's a nice browser
This is the best browser for android you can get. SO FAST COMPARED TO CHROME.
its nice n new
It has one of the fastest download managers and its downloading speed is much faster than opera mini.
J
Gelxy sl
love this .!!!!,
Uc browser rocks,,,,,,,-:)
love this. Just like the desktop.
Do not downlod
nice browzr...
Yes i love this browser only bad thing is when click on links on a page it dont open in a new tab so please add that option i want fo open links in new tab . I m using galaxy s 2
Awesom browser as i ever used
Awesom browser as i ever used
Nice
Best browser to download data and manage downloaded applications and other files
I expect it to be better than opera mini
I expect it to be better than opera mini
It's good but not a exlnt...  Razz
Good aap
Thid is awesome app for downloading bcoz i am getting upto 30kbps downloading speed in my 2G network and its without any trick.But browsing speed is normal not so good so thats why i am giving 4 star to it. I will give 5 stars if there is a superfast browsing also
Oosum
Very nice
Very nice
Loads pages so quickly
All is well
Give option move to sd
Bad very bad
Nice
Super downloading speed
Simply  THE BEST. Plz download and rate it.
I nver be able to open some sites but uc browser make me able to open those.i really like this browser.
Sirrraàaaa
Sirrraàaaa
suprb for downloading....
Saves a lot of time for this generation
Saves a lot of time for this generation
very good application fr  browsing
Very good sweetyyyyyyyyys very good thank u uc the world no one browser only one the uc browser thank u uc Sony work is good........... I love u
Nice application.. Only draw back it doesnt resumes while downloading is in progress...
Nice application.. Only draw back it doesnt resumes while downloading is in progress...
Nice application.. Only draw back it doesnt resumes while downloading is in progress...
best app veryfast.. best browser in playstore.
Nice app
Nice app
Love the night mode!  It would be nice to not have pages default to overview though.
Wadiya a 22 g.  awesome.
Blasting
Blasting
I have fun all time
I have fun all time
F
Nice
Niec
Best
Galaxy ace  Great android browser...
Galaxy ace  Great android browser...
Galaxy ace  Great android browser...
Awesome from 5 years
Gooood
Works really well on my galaxy S!!!!
Wonderful, I don't get why ur mad just cause it don't have flash. If u want buy a computer
doesnt work in micromax a50
What I say
5 stars from me.... I address all to try this...
5 stars from me.... I address all to try this...
Force closes frequently. The download stops automatically when the application is kept in stand by mode . Previous versions were very good.The latest update is not so good.
He,G.L
So fast
So fast
I'm a fan of uc web
qgmwhrjrw ekkr
Need to fix some bugs like copying ms office files from gmail
Flash video not working
Flash video not working
Easy and fast downloding..
High 5..... Superb
Wow
Wow
Although it is the quite fastest browser. But it close automatically after running for certain period. And the most hatest thing is when I downloading something and return to the pages that I have opened it shows the whole pages in blue showing new download or something after I have end the u browser also ending my downloads.
Although it is the quite fastest browser. But it close automatically after running for certain period. And the most hatest thing is when I downloading something and return to the pages that I have opened it shows the whole pages in blue showing new download or something after I have end the u browser also ending my downloads.
Although it is the quite fastest browser. But it close automatically after running for certain period. And the most hatest thing is when I downloading something and return to the pages that I have opened it shows the whole pages in blue showing new download or something after I have end the u browser also ending my downloads.
I like uc but when I minimize it then it is automatically close this is problem
I like uc but when I minimize it then it is automatically close this is problem
Reliable... Faster... Best browser
Reliable... Faster... Best browser
I love it _____B-)
I love it _____B-)
Awesome!
احسن متصفح على الاطلاق
احسن متصفح على الاطلاق
Excellent app. Good job develoers.
My star is for it's downloading speed...
Great download speed
Vry gd
Zero star .. Y it doesn't getting start on my device ....wenever I open  ..it just close automatically....f***
Zero star .. Y it doesn't getting start on my device ....wenever I open  ..it just close automatically....f***
Zero star .. Y it doesn't getting start on my device ....wenever I open  ..it just close automatically....f***
Good browser.  The downloading speed is awsome
Good software
Made my life easy to download anything and every thing....
When i try to download a vid it always says failed to play video.
Gud browser. Almost everythng is there .
Awosome
Awosome
Y
Its fast for the sites I use it on, which I love. But after using the browser for one week I can no longer login using this browser. And the text gets wacky when using the period key, it repeats the last word for every peroid. Ex: 3 periods makes the text repeat 3 of the same word.
Its fast for the sites I use it on, which I love. But after using the browser for one week I can no longer login using this browser. And the text gets wacky when using the period key, it repeats the last word for every peroid. Ex: 3 periods makes the text repeat 3 of the same word.
It work's very fast in SIII . It's a very amazing app for SIII user's .
It's brilliant
Best
great app
The download is quite slow. It was better in previous version.
The download is quite slow. It was better in previous version.
uc browser is awesome browser for surfing internet . i use all time uc browser. this is so fast and very good look like. search on facebook my name 'ashish ash patel'
Love it
Good
Good
Very bad...not so fast...they lie...I'll give only one star to this app
Fast, sits compatibility issue such as blogspot Heavy on phone memory
My name johny from jal, this app is very 2 good,fast,best,on my mob,Sony erricson w8
I am punnaraotbe cool
Gud manage
Best aap for mobile browser in the world .
Att aa
Ss
Ss
Ss
great
great
Worst browser.... Poor browsing speed....  Only downloading speed is good..... .
The best one
It doestnt load pages when data speed is low unlike the previous versions. Fix this please.
Mere mobail mese uc web brauser nikal gaya he vo dubara intal nhi hota agar dubra intal karna ho to kya karna hoga.?   Agar kishi ko pata hey to is no pe call kare.
It is very nice browser and easy to use
Very good application for downloading...because we can pause and start..and if the download get failed it does not stops unlike the opera
It crash!!!! Plzzz fix it..
Good
superb apps
I am a fan and I won't mind those bugs .. uc is still in it's developing stage ..so be kind guys .. please include uc player I miss watching full movies ..
siiiiirrrrrraaaa
K
K
When I using facebook I want to upload the picture  when I select pic from gallery  and click ok to upload it comes error that. Again automatically  restarted uc browser and pic will not upload or pic will also not selected
Because awsome download speed
I've given 5 Stars for now until I review properly, so I'll be back in a couple of days! 8-)
Its vry vry slw....!!!
Best browser for android...keep up the good work
Excellent
Must use it for download ...
Uc. Greate
Uc8 is not really good for handling, bt its quit rich in downloading speed n memory saving. So overall just ok!
Super browser :-*
Super browser :-*
Hubby
Osm
I love this app. Its the best.
Best apps for android users. very fast browsing downloding everything super..... Rakesh soni
Best apps for android users. very fast browsing downloding everything super..... Rakesh soni
L  O Ve it
Zakas
This is the best browser I ever downloaded! Even better than boltbrowser? Thank you UC developers! You're the best. This is also a great flash hack.
Good
Sgd
Sgd
Sgd
Sgd
Sgd
Sgd
Sgd
But rendering of some sites are tooooo bad
But rendering of some sites are tooooo bad
I like this aap mainly i like the function were i can pause and resume download
itz the best browser
Beautiful.
I was fully satisfied for uc browser.... Dis browser is so simple and super fast speed...
Verry good app
Nice n fast for download
Love it
Good
Good
I love it
Great work
Cool browser N best for the downloading
Are kuch nhi bakwas hai
No
I am using this last 2 years....and I love it
Hi
Hi
Offers the real fun of what u call speed!!!
Best browser
Very fast.........ohhh Grate
Who r saying mistakes abt this browser must have major prob in ther  mob
Who r saying mistakes abt this browser must have major prob in ther  mob
Good app
Good app
Good app
Good app
V
It's work very gud with super fast downloading.....
If Possible make uc browser to download each and everything from any site by default....
A good and fast browser is here what im looking for..
A good and fast browser is here what im looking for..
Nice..¶¶¶
I like it verry much. I luv u since UCWeb.
awesome download become much faster than normal downloading
Thik thak aeee
supar
supar
supar
Better
Salar osthir!!!!
This is the best browser I've ever used minus the corny logo. However keep the browser brightness the same as the phone brightness and add private browsing
Suberb
itttt bestt
itttt bestt
Wowser
Wowser
I give 5 dtar becose of its downloading speed. But in new update if i minimise the browser it closed autometically unlike version 7.8. And plz make it moveble from phon memory to sd card. Plz fix dis two things.
where do i download flash plugin?
where do i download flash plugin?
Amazing browser
Amazing browser
Best downloading
Its gud bt plsss jst speed up the browsing speed
It's awesome.....
Was ok. .. Best 4 night tim .....
Nice
High speed is uc browser
High speed is uc browser
Nice
Binky i to have a samsung galaxy ace and i donot have any kind of problem as u are telling so go and through your mobile on a drain .......your mobile deserves this...
Good Browser
Very nice
Very nice
Nic app.I.like this app.
Its nice to use uc  It saves a lot of time
excellent browser.... I love it...
excellent browser.... I love it...
Excellent browser , one of the best browser..
I use it from da start even in my nokia n tablet....truely terrific
I use it from da start even in my nokia n tablet....truely terrific
its best browser i have used..
Ignore those comments those people are dicks, this browser it da shit. U need it. It works for me and will for you, I have tested it on all our display models (sorry boss) and it works. Yay Linux Kernel.
Good
Gud one
Gud one
Best proxy explorer
Worst no downloading
Outstanding
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3...
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3...
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3...
Super fast
This browser is very good for fast browsing. It also save lots of data.
att ah uc browser
Nice app
Nt bad.
It surely fast....thx
Very friendly to use.one should try
Mast h,...
The best!
Brilliant app in the market
I don't know about the others but I m satisfied from this browser. And for the customers of galaxy ace no any app can support flash  keep in mind frnds
it's nice..
High speed
It's. Best ever browser I use thank you uc browsera
It's. Best ever browser I use thank you uc browsera
It is not working in Micromax a50.after installation it doesn't starts."please help ucweb help plz pplz
Perfect. Working good
Nice but not satisfactory
Itz just awsummm 5 stars 4m ma side works g8t on Xperia neo V<3
Better than ever each one browser available on market
I loves this browser its awesome
I loves this browser its awesome
Thank god night mode is back
No comment plz....its nt workin in my mobile....but to boost up mnufctrr s morale
No comment plz....its nt workin in my mobile....but to boost up mnufctrr s morale
Nice
I am using mobile browsers from 4 years and i found a lot but 2 years back i got uc browser and its really above all....best for downloading ever even you can download 1gb file at a time without link broken and the other things are much better than. .all browser..again i would love to have this.
Bst 4r dwnloading. No other browser wil pause the active download then uc. Just because of this feature I rate 5 stars
It is more fast than other browsers nd im quite impressed
Nice one download it
Thank you
I have previously used this on my tablet but I guess either my phone's hardware isn't powerful enough or my OS version isn't high enough (2.2)
Good improvement in this last updation.....but using lots of memory, causes shut down.
Good
Nice
Best browser!! Was using the miui default browser very similar but this has alot more, good work devs!!
Best browser!! Was using the miui default browser very similar but this has alot more, good work devs!!
Has evrythng to recieve 5 *!!
Good
Nice work guys.
Nice work guys.
The browser starts out at around 18 megabytes and later it eats up an additional 12 megabytes! I don't even know what that extra memory is being used for. Uninstalling.
The browser starts out at around 18 megabytes and later it eats up an additional 12 megabytes! I don't even know what that extra memory is being used for. Uninstalling.
Super
Nice shit
UC BROWSER
Its too good bt is dsnt work as fst as opera mini
Gooood
This is the most wonderful browser ever ....far better than opera or anything else...UCB Rockss...
Nice
Wow
Wow
Nice job
Good
Good
Very fast downloader.
Works gr8....especially luv the download method
Verry nice
Verry nice
tried every browser ....uc is best
It's very useful and easy to use guyzzz*
Very useful an excellance soft not for surfing also downloads
Very useful an excellance soft not for surfing also downloads
Hahaha, new updete download very fast
Hahaha, new updete download very fast
Nice
Uc is best
Recent update caused bad request to appear evertime i search via google, plz fux
It can download videos from a lot of site
I like the app but the night mode is cool.
its not installing in my phone.
When I was found a browser then see the uc browser its very fast browser and easy to use very good.
When I was found a browser then see the uc browser its very fast browser and easy to use very good.
Excel
So far so good.
Problem in tabs opening
Very nice app
Love it
Love it
This the best browser for its download speed. Support is very good and fast.
Bst Brsr 4All Stdnts...!
Bst Brsr 4All Stdnts...!
Fattu
Best Apps .:P
Its a awesome browser......u wil nt get a better browser than this.......!!!!!!!!
A very gud browser as the dowmload does not stoops even there is no internet connection it only pauses...
Very good for downloading... You can go for it..
Very good for downloading... You can go for it..
awesome app
Dis is grt app.sure download.
Yes ur th best apps
Yes ur th best apps
Hight speeds  Thank!
Some web page did not open.
Best browser ever
Best browser ever
Gr8 browser for download.........
Super
Super
Super
Gr88888
I have downloaded uc 8.0 but I think uc browser 8.3 is better than that
The best
Good
Good
This browser is the best of all browser out there I'm the market Go for UC
Fabulous
Awesom brawser
Makes my browser waayyy faster! <3 it
I likeeeeeeeeeeeee it.
Way to go  :-) :-) :-)
Best mobile browser
Uc gives me fastest speed ever any browser... It can download any material at fastest speed... I LOVE UC BROWSER...
Good
This is my second best browser...
Good
Good
Nice browser
Nice browser
Nice browser
Uc browser crush every 2 min plz slove the problam.....:-@:-CO:-)
The best ever
Nice browser
I use uc browser for downloading whereas opera for surfing . Uc browser gives the bwst downloading speed.
I use uc browser for downloading whereas opera for surfing . Uc browser gives the bwst downloading speed.
nice web browsing,i have been useng since 6months,there z no prblm
excellent
Cool
idea blade
It's a great app. We can anytime pause or resume the download from where  it had stopped.
It's a great app. We can anytime pause or resume the download from where  it had stopped.
Not bad
Not bad
Gud 1
Gud 1
xcellent app...
Best browser for Android
Love it use it not what plateform im using java symbiyan droid. It is allways there in my phone. The fastest browser ever developed.
Better than the boring Opera Mini. Loved it!! :-)
O g y to best h g
This is awesome .best browser ever used
Nice Application
Number one browser thanks a lot
It is supper fast . It is better than any other.
Love this browser!
World no 1 but i adjust bright over 1 point i cont back
World no 1 but i adjust bright over 1 point i cont back
This is awsm guyz
This is awsm guyz
Awsum browser......  Rlly v.v. fast..;):)
He is a best browser his 3G speed
So coooooooool
So coooooooool
its ok
its ok
Its not better than dolphin browser HD
This app was the best browser ever in all aspects. But now with Android 4, the Arabic fonts in Web pages are not shown correctly. Pls. do something fast.
but downloads are stopping when  screen is off. downloads button can be added in lower shortcut bar
Amazing. Perfect. Super fast, logical interface. Why can't more browsers be this well thought-out and well designed?
F
Good job
Downloading is very slow plz chek this nd dont work on fb :(  Ankush </3
Surprisingly slow in comparison to its symbian version. It was fav in symbian. In android, it is slower than opera mini
Uc brouser is bast ever.....!
It's the best browser i had ever used..............imppresed every one
!!!
!!!
This works superb on my phone
I use uc web from 2006 and i like it but symbian s60v2 there are no updates thanks for your service
I use uc web from 2006 and i like it but symbian s60v2 there are no updates thanks for your service
I use uc web from 2006 and i like it but symbian s60v2 there are no updates thanks for your service
I use uc web from 2006 and i like it but symbian s60v2 there are no updates thanks for your service
I use uc web from 2006 and i like it but symbian s60v2 there are no updates thanks for your service
Love this browser for it speed. Works very well on my xperia arc s.
Owsm...gud wrk buddy...
Thank god play store. This is a really good browsers.
Thank god play store. This is a really good browsers.
ทำงานได้ดีครับ
That's apps is very fast
That's apps is very fast
best browser for downloading a file
Best browser I've come across so far. Works so well, integrates perfectly into phone. thumbs up.
Best browser I've come across so far. Works so well, integrates perfectly into phone. thumbs up.
Best browser I've come across so far. Works so well, integrates perfectly into phone. thumbs up.
Best browser I've come across so far. Works so well, integrates perfectly into phone. thumbs up.
Best browser I've come across so far. Works so well, integrates perfectly into phone. thumbs up.
cool
cool
cool
Simply the best.
Simply the best.
Simply the best.
Simply the best.
Dwnld it and experience d bst speed of net...best ever..opera worst ever...
I lik this app,,sooo fast
Superfast & so simple..I've tried them all & my search is over
Samsung galaxy ace It works really great
good app
good app
very good application
Disastrous
It's work great ...thx UC ...
It is the best browser i'v ever use.. i just love it
Sexy  g g g
Among all browsers its the mst user friendly.....
Good
Best browser in mobiles
My besta frend in my life
Superb App
Nice browser with good speed..
Nice browser with good speed..
Really so faster. M ruining out of words for this browser.
Much better than any browser..much faster..i switched from dolphin to this and never looked back!
Much better than any browser..much faster..i switched from dolphin to this and never looked back!
Need more updates
Gandu browser
The browser doesn't support all youtube videos.  When the developer is pressed to respond, no solution is offered. They could simply link to the youtube application instead of trying a native solution...
Best browser
Its Best browser. I hv tried all browsers. But its simply best.
Good
Superb browser Chakachak Chak de fatte...!!!
Superb browser Chakachak Chak de fatte...!!!
It is fastest browser i have ever used till date
Thanks to the developer of UCweb, the browser is fantastic and makes suffin simple and even more stable and faster!!"
Thanks to the developer of UCweb, the browser is fantastic and makes suffin simple and even more stable and faster!!"
Thanks to the developer of UCweb, the browser is fantastic and makes suffin simple and even more stable and faster!!"
Good job !!!!
We have used many browsers but "UC" uc is best browser don't mention opera only bullshit
We have used many browsers but "UC" uc is best browser don't mention opera only bullshit
Excellent on my mobile to surf and download
Awesome
Gud app
Nice 1
good job. nice app
Best app till now
Good but we cannot  upload photos
amazing
It's works gr8 on my ace... U can pause download and later continue whenever u want....
Make Swype work, you've had a long time..
Not so cool but preety faster download
It is awesome...quite smooth
V.good
This is the best browser i have found
Nice works on s2
I likeit because download speed is to good than another browser 1st Uc browser 2nd i browser yo yo uc browser is the fastest browser in the world what r u waiting 4 download it NOW
Very goog
Nychh
Really it works good
This one is best !!
Hve being a best browser evr for me......... Evry feature is  sensational
It's fast as heck, runs browser games the default one can't load, well designed with smooth animations, night mode, and a cute icon :D
Excellent perfomance
Super
Very nice.....its really work so much better.
When page is saved images also save option is updated.
Best in downloading
Best in downloading
Not bad...
No flash player  Awesome downloading speed
No flash player  Awesome downloading speed
I love to use this browser but the prob is that the download is too poor
BROWSING SPEED IS LESS THAN OPERA MINI
Used many browsers but this one brings the complete package. Functional, innovative, and lightweight, we have a winner!
Coooooooooooooooool
It is a very cool apps
I have tried a lot of browsers and this one is by far the best overall.
BEST WEB BROWSER
nice app...really works fast
Best browser in the market :@:-B
Itz cool and very user friendly browser . I have never used a browser like thiz. As a request plzsz make the skin more attractive.
Itz cool and very user friendly browser . I have never used a browser like thiz. As a request plzsz make the skin more attractive.
Itz cool and very user friendly browser . I have never used a browser like thiz. As a request plzsz make the skin more attractive.
I like speed of browsing..very good
Very good browser
Very good browser
Very nice
Nice app.............
This is great browser using from 4 yrs on java now on android.
This is great browser using from 4 yrs on java now on android.
Best all time
Faster browsing exp... !! Thank u..
Faster browsing exp... !! Thank u..
One site opera failed to edit txt Android browser also failed and some better also failed... But this one works great thx !
Good
Samsung galaxy 3
This app really worth 10stars but i am supplied only5 stars......
Greek Gods...
Greek Gods...
I like it... better than dolphin
I like it... better than dolphin
Its gd to use and easy to access.
Its gd to use and easy to access.
Very nice browser
Very nice browser
suprb ....
Most popular browser in China. This is smooth. Similar to chrome for those without ICS. no more Dolphin  HD
Nice Alp
On of the rare browsers that offer great speed
Legen....wait for it..dary..
good faast
I like it
Definitely my go-to browser for reading articles and, to be honest, this browser TRUMPS Facebook's own official app in terms of..well, everything (functionality, etc). And I love this download manager!   However, I gotta give it to xScope for effectively incorporating Flash.
Good browser and powerful downloader......
I'm writing a review for the first time. So far this is the best browser I've used till date.
It is very good browser.but not installing in my micromax mobile
It is very good browser.but not installing in my micromax mobile
good app
good app
good apps I always this as primary browser
Its rly col
Awesome, works great
Great application...works well in hell too ;)
Fast and smart
I love with the browser
I Jeanne tried a lot out browsers and this one bad a good balance of features and speed.
I Jeanne tried a lot out browsers and this one bad a good balance of features and speed.
It working perfect in my galxy. Niceeee apps
Good one
Nice
faast good
faast good
Good
Marvelous
I give 5* to this because I can watch YouTube videos on 2g with out buffering.. Thanq UC.
Good
Lyk it....
Lyk it....
Its very nice app...
Just came to say fuj lady gaga.... Stupid app
Pan zoom is better than other browsers
Awesome ....
Its very nice
Its amazing browser
Absolutely fantastic!!
Hope its good
Great browser
Great browser
Realy fast
Memory monger....fancy 2 eyes........downloading is as gud as maxthon or boat browser bt browsing is far slower than opera mini.
I love it
I love it
I love think app
Good browser for downloads
Good browser for downloads
Galaxy S  Its realy a good app that  resume my all pused downloads. I realy love it.
This browser is great, but it consumes lots of memory, Once installed it ocuppies 20mb+ of space. Please look into this.Otherwise the overall browser functionality is great and i give it 5 Stars
Good
Very good browser. Night mode good option
it's very fast
Screen kept moving up and.down when I was trying to read something..fix bugs!
Good
Its not so good... But better than other browser in market...
Awesum
best browser for downloading.........!!!!!
Its worlds best mobile browser for surfing and ownloading...! Its great!!!
This the best among all the  other bullshit
Exelente
It is the one of the best browser on every platform.. it really works great.., too powerfull downloader. Never fails the download process. But browsing experience is not richer than opera browser.
y. its not download  ?
Wow rocks speed
What is authentication error? It asks me to sign in my google while I am already signed!!! I cannot update this latest version :(.
What is authentication error? It asks me to sign in my google while I am already signed!!! I cannot update this latest version :(.
What is authentication error? It asks me to sign in my google while I am already signed!!! I cannot update this latest version :(.
Good
kool
good
Nice job
Much better than Opera mini, Dolphin browser and other browsers... i've used it on my symbian now using it on android...
Much better than Opera mini, Dolphin browser and other browsers... i've used it on my symbian now using it on android...
not support. In micromax a50
user friendly
Really bst browser...i liked it cz it works n download data faster than other browser..
Really bst browser...i liked it cz it works n download data faster than other browser..
Awesome
Awesome
Gr8...
it's batter than opr mini and otr.. vry fst dwnlding and brwsing speed... super like....
it's batter than opr mini and otr.. vry fst dwnlding and brwsing speed... super like....
Its downloading is amazingg...
really amazing
Good Downloading
I love this browser:-)
Excellent browser
Excellent browser
Auto pause downloafing ,,sexy !
Auto pause downloafing ,,sexy !
Fentastic browsar
Best for downloading
Best for downloading
Best for downloading
Vary good browser.
Its awsome browsing exp  with 2g network
Its very fast. Amaizingly smoth. Downlading function is awsom.
Its very fast. Amaizingly smoth. Downlading function is awsom.
Niceee work....awesome browser....keep on launchimg neww updates pls
Niceee work....awesome browser....keep on launchimg neww updates pls
This is the best / faster browser ever in the market . Better than dolphin opera and chrome . Weird thing is this got 500k users installed and rest browsers got 10 million downloads. Highly Recommended.
3G fast
3G fast
Awesome superduper fast browser
Its really vry nyc brwsr !
I had to make do with Opera Mobile's lack of features, because of its speed. That was before I found this little gem. Functional, easy on the eye and, more importantly, lightning fast. Give it a try.
Very nice application..all in one ..
Nice.....
Use for better future
awesome
I love it. It is must for android users
its vry covenient to use..... excellent work done...... thanks..... :-)
good browser ..........
Fast br
Very nice
Comparing to other browsers its smarter better and faster...
Comparing to other browsers its smarter better and faster...
Best Fast & Koolest Browser. Download so fast compare to other browser.
Gud downloding speed is great
It works great
It works great
Itzz really the best way of fast downloading.......
Not warking well
Not warking well
COOL
COOL
Slow browsing fast downloading
Slow browsing fast downloading
Different think, that is it.
I like
Lord of the all browsers
Too much easy to use and better then opera mini  O like it.
Missed the options like as I used with my Symbian version. There was option to search music, video which I couldn't find with the android versions.
Super fast browser
This is Brouser
Excellent app
Excellent
It took a minute to figure out to use it but now that I have it's fantastic! This blows away opera mini!
good to see that ucbrowser try to keep increasing quality of browser and bring somthing new everytime.
Good........
Good........
Good........
Really helpful..
Really helpful..
Really helpful..
Nice app
verrrrrrry gooooood
Exlent.
Ggg
Da most suckking app i evr seen..sucks to d core..remove frm d market!!!!!!
It is very nice & very smooth to  running the internet.......
Best browser..tried all other browsers aswell..this one is the best hands down..
i specially liked the night mode.....
Great browser .....
Ilike it shahil
Best browser......
Very good
Super
I'm loving it!  Although it need a history option.  No complaints!  Samsung Epic 4g
,but don't know where the downloaded stuff goes
,but don't know where the downloaded stuff goes
gud
it consumes a lot of space on the device.plz fix it,otherwise the best browser application...
Simply the best
Best  ever
Good not bad.
Good app
Good app
very good
gud works
it is fantastic.
Super but serfing slow
Super but serfing slow
Super but serfing slow
Wow very fast very fast realy good...
Wow very fast very fast realy good...
Wow very fast very fast realy good...
Wow very fast very fast realy good...
Good
I like it :)
Easy to use, quick and light .. Thumbs up.....!!!!
Much better than 8.2... Job well done
Soo fast and incredibly intuitive..
Awesome
All who says this is nt gud Thn jst chck ur srvc provider or ur phone or tab This app has no prob Ur equipmnts have prob
All who says this is nt gud Thn jst chck ur srvc provider or ur phone or tab This app has no prob Ur equipmnts have prob
awsome browser for downloads
)))Costomized browser dis is i want(((
superb great work
Good work on my cell  Lg optimus I like it
I've been a fan of UC Browser since a long time and I got to say that it's the one browser that meets all your need. It has a poweful download manager and highly customizeable UI with brilliant optimization. Don't miss it!
Very fast
Itz really amazng..
Love it
awesome
I just downloading
I just downloading
And I've used them all. Fast, easy to navigate and feature-packed. Great on the S2 running ice cream sandwich.
Geraldo
The best browser
Amazing wow marvelous superb
Amazing wow marvelous superb
Awesome web browser so far on Android
Awesome
Cool awsome
I like this brw  Its excellent
Lol
I like tacos :D
Ya it is working fine
Great application fr browsing
It's very nice browser.now i can download anything with more speed than other browser
Best browser for downloads..
Best browser for downloads..
Best browser for downloads..
Good for downloading.
nice
I have been using UCBr for years since its birth..it offers me a lots of tips to latest news n movies updates.Realy,download issue is unbeatable.Every cell users must have this reliable browser for file download.Love U  UC browser...(;
Gr8 app must have
Im very much satisfied with it.
The best mobile browser
The best mobile browser
The best mobile browser
Its very good browser on my phone
After trying many browsers I settled on this. Toggle between data compression n normal browsing Vry smooth response and simple UI
Awesome browser it won't struck at all.
Wow wow wow
Excellent app for downloading large files !!
I like this browser when i used java mobile.really awesome.
its wrk realy gud i lyk it
Outstanding
Outstanding
must download
not working with samsung galaxt s5670 fit...when i tried to open a website only sorry message comes always....
Hey great browser...Its good working In my Samsung SIII with the downloading speed of 5.2 mbps nd its also capale for download more than 1 gb nice work done by ucweb.Awesome
Super
ooukay item.....supa lyki
ooukay item.....supa lyki
itzz juzt awsome..it works really fasy ..i just luv it...
itzz juzt awsome..it works really fasy ..i just luv it...
This is by far the best browser for my Nexus One. Stay the course. You're doing super!!!
This is by far the best browser for my Nexus One. Stay the course. You're doing super!!!
This is my best browser.this browser makes my serch very easier.thanks to uc browser.
This is my best browser.this browser makes my serch very easier.thanks to uc browser.
Very Fast Browsing..
Very Fast Browsing..
Good.....
Awesome browser keep up the great work on this app
Awesome browser keep up the great work on this app
Nice
Good performence but toorent big file not download
Enable to open new 8.3 uc browser
Excellent
The recent browser overwrites the image save as  without prompting to overwrite. Can you please help.. Otherwise wonderful piece of software.
God is net......
ok
its speed is great.....
its speed is great.....
Uc, always on top...Thumbs up for you...
sometime during multiple downloading blu screen appears and the browser get hanged fix it. add hindi also
.......hangs up when trying to zoom in and out.....also scrolling not good.....facing problems after the update.....
Awesome.......
Crashes many times
downloading future is very well
A
A
Download speed is good but some time error is come i do reload but still not reload.
Cool
Cool
Cool
Cool
Cool
It's good but Hindi font reading not available...
It's good but Hindi font reading not available...
It's good but Hindi font reading not available...
Best browser
Best browser
Cool
Simple and easy use.excellent experince than opera.thanks uc.....
Simple and easy use.excellent experince than opera.thanks uc.....
So good
BEST
great
great
Neww updation is veery nice browse
I like so much
Fastest browser on the market its great.
Very good for fast useage
Best browser
Tried a lot of browsers and this was the quickest one I've used got decent features and hasn't forced close once
Its really amazing  Every night I put the movie to download and enjoy it  Waiting for next version
Bt nt so nice
It is the best browser to use in Bangladesh!
I updated, its very nice...
My favourite browser
Its Stuck on connecting loading is far away. its worse browser it takes ages to open a page.
Gud 1 tri in samsung s2
Good but not for image search result is very slow
Good but not for image search result is very slow
Good but not for image search result is very slow
Its good !
Grate
Good Browser
Good to see that night mode is back. I hope we can install theme soon.
Sik app
I like that browser but its function is very slow than opera browser
I like that browser but its function is very slow than opera browser
Awesome broswer
Awsam. .. I like it
So stylist
Excellent
Super
Awesome..... Five Star*****
Excelent
Great speed
Its a very good software....awsome
This version is not support support for galaxy ace :-(:-(:-(:-(:-(:-(
I love dis browser vry much...... It is d bst of all d other browsers.
Good
Lots of features!!!
This app is very good & fast even net speed is slow in samsung galaxy ace
Been using uc browser for about a year and its the best. Love it!!!!!
Best and faster browser in the market!
Good
Good
One of the best around
Of course 5 point
Of course 5 point
I like it most
Pretty amazing browser. This is competing with Opera for me now.
But why very big file ?
The best browser ever!
This is the best browser in the world
Thanks to the UC team for a excellent work again...
Awesome browser.....!!
Working fine.....   Please make able to read hindi font also with this browser..
Keep it up
Keep it up
Farrrrruuuuuu..
Farrrrruuuuuu..
حبقأا
I like uc
I like uc
Fast furiuse
Uc best
Best user friendly browser....
Best browser everrrr
I have been using this browser for 1 year on my HTC wildfire and I don't have any complaint on it. My opinion is that this is the ultimate browser
Nice
Works really good n fast
Best browser ever
Best soft
It is a world best browser for everything.
Its awesome,,, but please turn uc player in english...
That is so nice to see pinch zoom
That is so nice to see pinch zoom
That is so nice to see pinch zoom
Best working browser in India with vodafone
Its a very good browser... I use to download movies from this...
Superbbbbbbbbbb
Good
Good
Remove timeline make faster
Remove timeline make faster
Dwnld
Dwnld
Good speed. Nice
Gooood browser. I like its downloading speed......!!!!!!:-)
Gooood browser. I like its downloading speed......!!!!!!:-)
Marvelous update Works really good, Beautiful Graphics.
Best browsers....
Best browsers....
Gave 5 fast and good apps
Gave 5 fast and good apps
It really works good... Whenever there is netwark problem it pause the downloading and this feature is not available in opera mini....
I like it....:-)
No.1
goid
jussssssss supppparb
and app.
Very good application..... Its work grate... Nd good for downloading....
Best browser for downloading
Best browser for downloading
It is so fast
If you have problems w browser check your settings. If not solved contact customer support Fast browser w many features. I imported bookmarks easily from stock browser on setup.
If you have problems w browser check your settings. If not solved contact customer support Fast browser w many features. I imported bookmarks easily from stock browser on setup.
If you have problems w browser check your settings. If not solved contact customer support Fast browser w many features. I imported bookmarks easily from stock browser on setup.
If you have problems w browser check your settings. If not solved contact customer support Fast browser w many features. I imported bookmarks easily from stock browser on setup.
Its awesome !! Download it quick,
Crashes when minimized  please R-E-S-O-L-V-E . It also very slow for browsing..   please resolve
Awesome browser and has flash within ... It rocks
Awesome browser and has flash within ... It rocks
gud
I like this very mach
Very nice
Great browsers
Love it
Best browser by far! It loads fast!
Best browser by far! It loads fast!
Best browser by far! It loads fast!
Gud
Flash support  but the  videos are laggy
It's a good app Specially good for downloading
Its good!
Its good!
Awesome
nice
Nice features
Awesome browser
Awesome browser
Good for everyone...............
Badmash Bacha :-D
this app use to work great, but since the last upfate when I try to open app it says "fail to make initial directory" .... need a fix for this
Nice good
Nice good
Auzom
Auzom
Awesome
Awesome
Superb....
We want our 7.9 back. It is mot usable at all.
The best
Awesome
Good
Good
Excellent
Wow....
Banging son banging
Beastmode
Since ics update what a shame...
Game browser hai
Game browser hai
Game browser hai
Burrrrraaaaa
gutzy
gutzy
gutzy
gutzy
Best browser...
Best browser...
Best browser...
Good app
Good app
I have 8.3 version from official uc website  Which is the latest And have night mode 10/10
I have 8.3 version from official uc website  Which is the latest And have night mode 10/10
100 fast browser yar
Best peformance
Best peformance
Great
Its better dan all oder browsers
Super
This browser is the best one i have ever used. But sometimes the problem is that downloading does'nt resume but it again restart.
You show downloading speed per sec. And that makes u different also insert function of how many time left according to downloading speed.........
It needs a lil' more work and testing
fine....
Very good
Initial take very difficult
Initial take very difficult
Werry good fast
Classick uc is best
Good because when we have slow internet in mobile and download uc browser because he is very fast
Good because when we have slow internet in mobile and download uc browser because he is very fast
I love uc brwser
I can play videos which cannot be played on other browsers.
I can play videos which cannot be played on other browsers.
I can play videos which cannot be played on other browsers.
The best browser!!!!
Its the fastest ®
Good app
good speed download
Its a best i browswr
8.0 was far good.. This version has login problems on various sites... I want 8.0 back.....can any1 help me for dat...
Super.beyond.
Good
Good
Nice one to use
It doesn't download videos please update new version
It doesn't download videos please update new version
It doesn't download videos please update new version
It doesn't download videos please update new version
Fastest page loading that I seen ever on any smartphone/tablet! But UI and scrolling perfomance not so good. And please remove one-tap zoom.
Hdfggbu ..
it has left behind all d browsers and is also very easy to use .........  it also reduces the data usage . wonderful and brilliant work by  the uc browser (the fastest browser...)....
Dhd
It's nice
It could have been the best browser for android if it supported arabic characters as well as plug-ins
It's very good browser
One of the best
Excellent
Very nice apps.
Meena
dis browser izz best browser in d market so thumbs up......:-)
dis browser izz best browser in d market so thumbs up......:-)
I use this as a backup to the stock browser. On the one x,mainly for data compression.goodstuff.tho it's slower than stock browser.
Very good
It is very better then other browser
Good one
Exlent
Exlent
Nice 1
Top 3 browsers. Thanks. Peace
Best browser
Jst one word  Awesum
Although it worked will at what it did, and I am certainly keeping it on my DROID RAZR, the interface was not optimal for a 10" tablet.  I am looking forward to a version that is!  Good work!
Cool
Its better
nice
Excellent
Out of the world
Zakss
Dhinchak
when I minimizing the appication the downloding stops ...
I was not able to get facebook on dolphin..but its faster and simpler.. I love uc browser.. But upload of photos is not up to the mark..
Cool
Downloading speed is so good I love this....
Downloading speed is so good I love this....
Downloading speed is so good I love this....
Good
Y Facebook dont load in pc view
ok
Superbbbbb
I love uc bt it s not  sport of my dives why i want that optimus one
vry gud browser nd d bst  one i tried....its simple nd fast
A must to download....best browser in market....
Nice browser
Much better
Much better
UC browser started out a little late. Had it been out early, all the rest wont have tasted victory.
Gud
Nice yaar working good....
Lightning fast.....
Gud one
Gud one
rt
Very very bad
Having good speed
Best browser come hd now dowanloding best after boat browser
Best browser come hd now dowanloding best after boat browser
Great download  speed..especially  on big task
Great download  speed..especially  on big task
Great download  speed..especially  on big task
Galaxy fit
Nice
Brilliant web browser .. finally I got it what I need it from a web browser ..
Its amazing....
Best among all. Full speed browser. Saves lot of data. lags in flash player.
Nice app...
no 1
Excellent
Best catch ever.
Best catch ever.
Ultimate
good
good
It gives the fastest downloads even on 2G networks..  However it closes even after minimizing it..
It gives the fastest downloads even on 2G networks..  However it closes even after minimizing it..
But can't minimise
The feature I like the most is
Fastest browser ever........
Fastest browser ever........
Nice app
the best browser ever,Chinese version is more powerful.In addition,those who said it bad must be a stupid.
Its very cool browser. I found everything from uc browser
Have used for Yeats and gets better
Good app but mobile is hanging, please solve this problem... And this is not stayable I hate tha.
Good app but mobile is hanging, please solve this problem... And this is not stayable I hate tha.
awesum
awesum
Very nice
It is good br
I was using opera mini n I used all version of opera but uc browser is best, even it is better then best. I'm gonna del. opera frm my mobile. Yahooooooo...10 star I give to it...
I was using opera mini n I used all version of opera but uc browser is best, even it is better then best. I'm gonna del. opera frm my mobile. Yahooooooo...10 star I give to it...
Liked it so much ... :D
Its been showing not compatible for samsung galaxy fit s5670..... Fix it
Good
Good
Nice
Gr8
awesome
Good but not luke old  virsion it was better
best thing in it is the downloader..
My favorite apps
My favorite apps
Zbrdast
Methmay/UC/Browser Mobile:}{
Its really good
Very Good.....
works very slow...;-);-);-)
Its comparly othr browsers its very advance f in dis browsr friends pls download it nd enjoy
this is just amg jng...i loved it
Bt it Should b used as a proxy.
Bt it Should b used as a proxy.
Superb....
Superb....
nice for multiple downloading. :)
Excellent...
Nice app.....cool
Nice
It's 3X Faster than any other browser in 2g network , great.
Sexy
Awesome apppppppppp...
Awesome apppppppppp...
Hada
Super fast always i use ucbrowser
o k
This is best browser ever and ever
Thi
How fast download data.. unbeated..
How fast download data.. unbeated..
I like the switching of the tabs by simply swiping and the built in rss feeds.
This browser is incredible! A *lot* faster than the  browser that came with my htc. Even faster than opera, and renders page layout better.
No match
Best browser ever! Fast, easy, and fun. I had every browser there is on the market and this one is easily the best.
I is very good performanse
But pause no
Very good
Dolphin sure has the market, but UC Browser has somr pretty good features dolphin doesnt have, specially not the latest one.  Best features so far: 1) Find on page option not hard to find. 2) Multimedia files online selectable if to play online or download. (Great feature) 3) Very fast even in heavey multitasking. 4) More pretty good features yet to find im sure...
Dolphin sure has the market, but UC Browser has somr pretty good features dolphin doesnt have, specially not the latest one.  Best features so far: 1) Find on page option not hard to find. 2) Multimedia files online selectable if to play online or download. (Great feature) 3) Very fast even in heavey multitasking. 4) More pretty good features yet to find im sure...
Dolphin sure has the market, but UC Browser has somr pretty good features dolphin doesnt have, specially not the latest one.  Best features so far: 1) Find on page option not hard to find. 2) Multimedia files online selectable if to play online or download. (Great feature) 3) Very fast even in heavey multitasking. 4) More pretty good features yet to find im sure...
perfect
Super
Its a best web browser.....
Mast
Hopefully the individuals who put this together read this. FINALLY a browser that will play clips from Mixlr. The only issue is that in order for it to work, you have to clear the cache then log onto Mixlr to get the popup to allow Flash. Once it is installed, you can play clips. If you specify an actual clip, it won't play. If you leave a specific channel, it won't play. In order to get it to work, you must start the whole process over again. I have an HTC Sense.
No1 brouser
I like it.
Good best
Much Love
Its download is really powerful android built in browser some time not download and u c seam to work
Now I don.t have to waste my time. It.s as smooth as butter. Guys install it and you will surely luv it
Now I don.t have to waste my time. It.s as smooth as butter. Guys install it and you will surely luv it
Downloading speed is great, try this
UC Browser
Ultimate download speed
Very speed awesume app....
On my LG o2x it constantly fc when I open more than 2 tabs, fix that and you get my 5 stars cause it's a great browser
On my LG o2x it constantly fc when I open more than 2 tabs, fix that and you get my 5 stars cause it's a great browser
Mast hai boss
Awesome but surfing speed low
Awesome but surfing speed low
ใช้งานดีมาก แต่ใน ICS ไม่ค่อยลื่น
Cool
Its good.......nyc Bt how could i use it
Good
Great '
Kg
Totall jacked
Good
Nice
Working very fast..... I like it.
Uses a lot of ram memory while running in x10 mini. Please fix. It uses a lot of memory. I found it useing 32mb. Fix. I just love it so pls do it fast
Nice
Yes?
It's a very very very best app....
It enables option like right click as in pc. Awesome
What a aps super
Awesome app in Android
Awesome app in Android
Perfect
Faster then others Thanks
Rss not working on the browser. While the same is working on the Opera mini.browser. The speed also has detoriated drastically. Please improve its workability.
Nice
Nice
Ok
The best for downloads and reading!
:-D
grt
fine
oye uts works!
Awsm
Admit it; this broswer is one of the best in the market for downloading porn.
Admit it; this broswer is one of the best in the market for downloading porn.
Super
Super
Nice browser......
Nice browser......
Keka
I think its better
I think its better
Not transcode page well just like previous version Do and its so bulkyyy and sometimes its crash/Force Close when downloading smtng need more improvement
Not transcode page well just like previous version Do and its so bulkyyy and sometimes its crash/Force Close when downloading smtng need more improvement
I love it...
Nice
*****
Uc browser is really very cool browser with cool graphics and its use is very different from other browsers
Not that good as opera  But , nice download manager accompanies
Not gud for browsing but  the bst for downloadin
This is d best browser i ever used.... Jus fantastic ... Keep going on..
Nice app. Plz add flash support
Browser
Browser
We cn continue wenevr we lyk besst aappp luv it :))
It is not as fast as opera mobile
Good for downloading porn videos :-P
Good for downloading porn videos :-P
Brilliant!
Brilliant!
Brilliant!
thanks, give 5 star for uc browser.. dun want talk to much....
OPERA IS THE BEST. Uc browser is made in china. U know how it will work.
Good for downloading large files
Uc browser a best of it's previous verison,by jasjeet grewal,Tahli wala jattan.
Uc browser a best of it's previous verison,by jasjeet grewal,Tahli wala jattan.
Gud for downloding
Guddd
Very good apps
Amazing speed
best among all.....
Good
i liket
The best
Mast..
I was expecting this...works awesome, I am surprised...
Super app.high speed browsing .nice app great to Download.
Very fast speed I like this browser
This is good 4 download..
Very good app
nice app
Very slow,  but good when you back. Two sides arrow.  Not present in angel browser.	Good but slow. Both sides arrows work well .....
galaxy ace not dowlod
The best for the best....
this browser is nice but,now this itom not complicate ... so plzzz... new verson update and supported to our phone.. plz.. update
Good ,thik h sirf
One of the best
I'm going to rate it 1 star !! I can't believe this I had the 8.2 version and when I wanted to udpate it it says ''This Version Isn't Copatible for this device'' !!! ..
Great ..
Dear uc this version is not compatible but before some time i was using uc
Great speed.
Best browser
Nice
Awesome!!
Nice
Nicr
This is great browser i love it bcz of its downloading spead it can download videos better then other browsers.
This is great browser i love it bcz of its downloading spead it can download videos better then other browsers.
Best for downloading songs and videos, movies on mobile...
Simply amazing!
Best download manager for phone
Fast among all
Resources hog
Resources hog
Awesome .....afjal
Awesome .....afjal
Sometimes downloads stops and shows complete with 183 bytes. This should be checked by the team. But still I will give 5 stars!!!!
i give 5 star
Good downloading speed.
securitty
I like uc
fine!!
fine!!
Very good...downloading very very bad
Nice browser .best downlode manager.full web expreance.you must downlode it.
Resumes download  Great view on landscape mode Overall a good browser
It is good
Awesome application
Fastest web browset i have ever seen (in my country we have slowest internet coniction ... But now i have uc browser ;-)
**** the browser this is perfect
easy,fast,best browser
Very goo
Excellent browser in the market
Simply super...
A good 1.....
Its not working in my galaxy note plz fix.
Previous version was awesome. This one sucks. how do u get old version?
Osom app fa everything...!!!
best downloader.......nt so gud for browsing
Really a vry gud browzr!!
Really a vry gud browzr!!
Boz of downloading starts frm whr it stops I have rated it 5*****
Not bad
Not bad
Best mobile browser...
Thanx, its the top, wow,, but why sometime unconect?
Super bb browser
Its coooooollll
Great  Browser my fav
Waste uc updated.....it was sucking me.....plz update again or 
Give old one
Or fk off
Uc browser is the best till date. Keep it up!
Very gud
Please improve browsing speed.
Very fast
Better than dolphin because it loads every page in desktop form and dolphin doesnt
Not working properly
Not working properly
Please give top developer brand to uc brower... It very very use full...
Please give top developer brand to uc brower... It very very use full...
Please give top developer brand to uc brower... It very very use full...
Awesome,good working
Good
Best
Good
nice app
It fast i love it
UC rocks
UC rocks
Good app.....
Damizzzzz
Very good app
Gøøød
Very good speed.
Love
Verygood
Verygood
awesome browser.. with the highest downloading accelaration..
gud...nice browser better than opera..
F***ing idiot cldnt input numbers
This browser is vry fast n help full 5* browser uc browser for android
Best mobile browser with high speed continuous  download without any pause.
Best mobile browser with high speed continuous  download without any pause.
Nice browser
Good !!!
Its bringing my surfing experience just like pc can do. Thumbs up.
You've got my five stars. Never heard of you guys but awesome browser.
This App is Awsome, it blows every other browser away! Totally tunable, all of it. Even no cache, prefetch, RSS channels, homepage presets so you don't have to log out of your favorite sites. IE: EBay. Amazon, Google with maybe the adult settings? Even move too SD. Beware of size though, it's at least twice as big as advertised.
I really like it
Nice
Nice
I LOVE THIS BROWSER!  LAS
Good than opera
Fast and very cooool
Its really nice. But pls add more featuure also.
Very useful browser.
Nice
Fadooo
Mind blowing speed n ui is also comfortable to users.i hope to come much better speed.gud luk to ucweb.i love u
.new ver of uc braw is so good...
Mast h yr
Suprrr.
This is the best browser I ever came across but I can't get any flash working especially on YouTube .
Loro
better than opera browser
better than opera browser
really cool app on my xcd35
Uc
Run great on my galxy tab p1000,,,,but littel bit slower,not yet
Nice
Nice
Nice!!!
no
no
Bbbb
No browser like this which has user friendly UI for every platform!
Awesome
Awesome
superb... but on wifi speed is too slow... plz fix facebook photo upload problem in android
Hool
Very very good in downloading but not  in browsing it is very slow in browsing
Jw
Jw
For some reason this browser only shows the basic stripped down facebook site for lower level phones. Even if u change UA to desktop it cant get the nice upgraded facebook mobile site or the facebook desktop site. Uninstalling pronto
Best he bhenchod.
Complete waste of time.. worst browser.. irritates me whenever i opens.. takes 3 mins even to load a page
Nice browser for ever..
Must be even more advanced
Nice app
Best browser
No lag
Good
it is very nice
Good wrkin bt previouz model little usefl
Good
Good
Good
Nice app
Very nice  Like download managar.
It's cool..............
Best downloader but not fast browser
Best downloader but not fast browser
A very gud cmpetetion to opera moblie....
Excellant
amazing app i am sorry if u don't had it then try this one
t.k
t.k
Cool...I like...
Koooool
I think this is one of the best browser
Really gud
Really gud
best app for android
best app for android
Awesome browser, especially for downloads.
Its better than opera
Great..........
Best performance,
Ok
Happppp...... Happppp.....
error while downloading..
Awesome broweser. .          dont have any doubt on this...
Was using QQbrowser but kept force closing HTC sense. This is powerful and polished but a bit heavy on memory. Move to sd would be perfect. Thanks
Please update it has china version 8.3.2 in hd browser in English version
Excellent performance !!!  good work uc team
great !!!!! superb apps for dowloading movies and other ..... have a look and enjoy !!!!!
I like it. Its so very good!!! Larry manalo NESMA SAMSUNG SII
This software is very usually
This thng is cool man...!!!!!
sexy
sexy
It's not come the flash player Pl install the flash player update new version
Good
A big browser on my Ace. It took 20 Mb of my phone's space n it sometimes closes unexpedly. It occupying too much space.........
A big browser on my Ace. It took 20 Mb of my phone's space n it sometimes closes unexpedly. It occupying too much space.........
This app is one of the best app i ever use.its very easy to use and work very fast and smoothly.
Very good
Its an awesome browser everyone must use this ...
It is the best browser in which you can download anythng in few mins its any day betta thn opera mini.
I can't. Believe what they did with this browser, from the best, to the worst.
Really awesome. Keep updaging with good options
This is not best but still it is good bcoz this browser is little but faster than opera mini.....  Downloading in opera mini is cancelled when network is out of range and is restart with its initial position but in uc when downloading is cancelled then we are restart frm which whre downloading is stop... So i gave 1 star advance for this features
This is not best but still it is good bcoz this browser is little but faster than opera mini.....  Downloading in opera mini is cancelled when network is out of range and is restart with its initial position but in uc when downloading is cancelled then we are restart frm which whre downloading is stop... So i gave 1 star advance for this features
like it
before it was bst...now its pathetic...i will rate 2 out of 5
Very good.and fast.
Its good
Love it! Best browser for fast downloads.
Jakkaas
simply, this thing beats opera mini.  it can be number one browser if only it has ad blocking capability.  please add plugin option..
besy browser fot cell phone
Downlod is quite gud... Bt forcecloses too much....
Its fast
Good browser
I like...
Great work guys. Keep it up!!
Vry good response.....
Uc is fams 4 d thingss that only uc wt ths all abt please update so u feel prd wt I feel prd.
Really nice so far!
nice browser
nice browser
I loved this on my symbian and now on galaxy note too!
Its really awesum bt smetimes crashes on my galaxy ace...
Like it
The best browser i have ever seen in android
Excellent browser for downloading.
Excellent browser for downloading.
Excellent
Its good. Super fast
Its good. Super fast
Downloading pauses most of the time after minimizing. Hoping to fix it soon. Also closing a tab is bit difficult
Superb downloader but slow browsing
Its thr best
It's very gud browser for fast downloading
Best browzer , best download speed , i like it the most , the day i used uc i delated opera
Good
Its wrkng great.on galaxy fit
It is really fast as cheetah
I only use this programm for downloading it has good built-in downloader
Great ,fast download
Great ,fast download
Very fast apps!
Best browser for downloading
It is fast
Outstanding performance...
I like the multi touch gestures, but it doesn't work well with Swype on my phone for some reason, or when viewing pictures on Facebook.
I like the multi touch gestures, but it doesn't work well with Swype on my phone for some reason, or when viewing pictures on Facebook.
Downloading is too fast..
Supports flash on low end devices
Superb webbrowser
its a very best
Good application
In my galaxy fit stock & other browser does not support flash player but UC browser support flash player 11.0.1.153 Online flash games & videos works Super browser 5 stars from me
its awesome browser
Was better before.. This 8.2 version is crashing frequently and causes my cell to hang..
Good
Shall fix irrelevant pages opening with reload pages on start option.
Best download speed
harika muhtesem
can't think my mobile wirlthout this,,,,,,,
Brillint Browser 8.2
I reported a bug 2 days back regarding automatic closure of d browser.. And UC team resolved in d latest update.. Very good response guys.. Good work..
Fast fast  Best fr download long data
Fast fast  Best fr download long data
It's cool
Good
It is da best browser .. I love it
:)
Fast browser ane plus fast download awesome browser better than opera
Nce application
Better than dolphin browser
Good
Good
Its good... Works good on my phone...
Good
Best browser for Download in android market.
Nice
Nice
Very easy to used and fast.
Best browser for downloading
nice
very nice.......
Gud 1
Tried all other browser but couldn't stuck to any of it. Please do not release buggy Updates like UC 7.8.
excellent browser in android market
Faster
Mantap sekali
Ever used before like this.
Its very very gooood for mob users .thanx
I love this browser it's really working 3g fast
Awsm
nyc1
Super Fast on my phone, downloads quick as well.  I love that it shows you how many pages you have open, and you can so easily close out any pages you want.   Bookmarks and Favorites are a breeze, it keeps track of your downloads, the history is right at your fingertips, the quick read is also pretty cool!  Mostly though, I love how page browsing with UC on my phone is instantaneous.  It's actually just as fast as my laptop!
The performance is good
The performance is good
Gazab ka hai.
Download everything also well design
faster browser
Plays flash video's
Awsome app.m using it from last year.
Nice
Excellent
Excellent
Uc browser 7 is better den 8
Downloaded songs in just few men
Downloaded songs in just few men
Excellent..
Love it
The best browser ever
Nice browser with nice features
Gooood
The best....all other multi million companies can't do what it has done so beautifully.highly recommended.just work of smoother zoom.best feature...text wrapping.
Its the best browser....first used in symbian n now android...!!!.....awesomest app
keep crashing on my mytouch 4g slide! I just want to get rid of it asap.
keep crashing on my mytouch 4g slide! I just want to get rid of it asap.
Coooooooooooool baby
Coooooooooooool baby
Coooooooooooool baby
Nice one...especialy d multi touch
Nce app mst get it
Nce app mst get it
Nce app mst get it
Its Rock
Nice browser
rubbish browser ever seen
I like it
I like it
No doubt.
Superb........ its  dowbloading and browsing is so fast than other browsers...                 .
Nice
I like it better than opera...
I like it better than opera...
It beats the inbuild browser...superb
It beats the inbuild browser...superb
Awesom browser i realy loved it  before version compare 2 dis (Θ_Θ)
Awesome
Superb .. But doesnt comforts for quick browsing. It doesnt accepts dictionary mode while typing.. :@
Superb .. But doesnt comforts for quick browsing. It doesnt accepts dictionary mode while typing.. :@
Awesme aplication...very fast browsing
It is good but not brilliant
Superb app for downloading....but worst for browsing.....
Latest update has issues with settings. Pinch zoom not working properly.
Cool coy
One of the best browser
Last update brings downloading in notification but there The download speed is not showing which is badly needed to me so guys plz
I think I like this better than opera
Use full app                   Sudheer Vakadani
This app is the fastest app ever lighting fast amazing !!!!
It is very good app. Easy to use. It's downloading speed is unbeatable. I am suggesting u people. Plz use this for having great browsing experience. Thank you...
OMG I luv this browser! You can even scroll inside the box! It does everything it says it does and so much more! Bye bye dolphin, You have met your match!
Cool
Best Ever!
Good and fast
Nace
Plz update uc browser 7.8...on android all version...we need 7.8 plz.......
its not to fast..but good than any other browser
No
Best browser that i got
Very fast browsing best browser ever
OSaam
OSaam
Gr8 app
Its amazing dude...
Just fix the downloading error,it fails when 95% of the movie is downloaded. And then it starts again,,,, :-(
Just fix the downloading error,it fails when 95% of the movie is downloaded. And then it starts again,,,, :-(
thanks for ucweb browser
لايدعم اللغة العربية . الكلمات تكون معكوسه على هذي الصوره " ة ي ب ر ع ل ا  ".  اذا كنت لا تحتاج اللغة العربية فانصح به بشده, فيه مميزات كثيرة مثل الدولفين ويمكن احسن
Super fast in loadng web pages, cool !! B-)
This is a good browser but sometime it made my phone was reboot.  My phone is LG P500 Optimus One. And current ROM is CyanogenMod 7.
It does what is say.i like the resume optn in dwndg files.
It does what is say.i like the resume optn in dwndg files.
Not bad
Its a great app. One of the best android apps.
Incredible app...only problem is dat cant download when i minimize the browser unlike the samsung browser which wud download files evn wen i minimize it..
I want uc browser 9
This is the best
Its a first+easy to operate browser
So gud dont have word too say
Nice
Best
Very fast and smooth...nice user interface after update..
Superb
Thats the best browser in android market
Nice browser app..
Great download speed...n whoever is cryin here sayin dat its got slow download speed..plz change ur operator..lol.. Its the fastest download ive ever seen on any browser...user interface can further improve though.
D only gud thing is dload doesnt fail wen i close d browser..
Wow... It,makes Me speach less
Great app
5 star ... wow .. simply superb  :)
Nice.....
Says retry w/arrow down but never loads. Arrow down is right.
Best for my samsung galaxy s 2.
Best for my samsung galaxy s 2.
Great
Best app
App
App
App
App
