Id fakhriamrullah
Doesn't work if your phone services is shut off and only have wifi....
cant connect to server.
Sending messages is very slow, fail most of the time
App does nothing it days it will do and I was almost excited about it.
needed to restart the phone uninstalled!
I like this app very  useful...
I like this app very  useful...
I guess you can only talk to people who have this app.
U cant chat ot search not impress
Dont let you call worst app ever
I hated it u could call anyone unless u put them on primary
.
i had to uninstall then reinstall to get an update... and this app drops out of internet connection toooo much!!!!!! even though i have 3g and wifi available and all other apps like internet and youtube are working just fine!! i just got too annoyed by trying to resend messages for countless times that i quit using this app. id rather pay my txt message bills. you guys really need to improve this app
I tried to text my boyfriend and it wouldn't work. Maybe I did something wrong, but it said it couldn't find his number.
ID: ch0iannaa. 17/f/ny ~ into edm & good conversations, hit me up if you wanna talk !
Comsumes 25% of day's worth of battery life. Moved onto Naver Line.
My kakao talk is eror,,, not goot to work since I am ugrade this app.... ~>_<~
아진짜.... 수신불량상태인게 언제부터인데.. 좀 고쳐달라구요 다시누르기 3번을 반드시해야지만 가요. 번개잇어도 메세지전송누름 안가고 빨간느낌표떠서 다시전송누름 안가고서 30초쯤잇다가 다시번개나와서 그제서 다기보내기누름 되는데 이게 정상? 한두달도아니고
They tell me to enter my code in letters but then they give me numbers
I cannot see the answer button and I cannot call!! I wanna remove that star!
Nice
Wont notify me whwn i get a message -.-
It says: Installed but it hasn't been installed. Its not anywhere. Why doesn't it work???
Add me! 20/F, would love anyone to chat with. :)
Looking for some friends while inviting a few of my own friends. No pervs or fakes please you will be ignored/reported. Im 18/f/ US Add me: Crissiej
Not so good
Male 18, looking for a fun chat with beautiful girls. Chat when ever you want. ;) ;)
Just looking for some people to chat with ;) 20 and name up top.
Crap.
Can't register or use because I don't pay a monthly bill which means no phone number, but I can still use kik. Would be nice if there was an option like that (username only).
I downloaded this app but it ticked me off more than anything.  What's app is cool, but KiK messenger app is better and much faster than this one.
all girl are looking for the fuckin korea guy like no other guy in this world.... i tell u all girl, u are suck
Uninstalled
it sucks
It is very easy to use.
Not available in the philippines
I used to use this, but then I moved and don't have a wireless carrier anymore, now I can't use it since I have no phone number. At least Skype uses a real id service, i.e. no phone number needed to use.  I have contacts I'd like to talk to still that only are on kakao talk. great app, but useless to me now.
It Keeps Telling Me Package File Is INVAILD
....
It looks terrible
Bad dnt install
ㅎㅇ
드뎌ux100이 된다!!
To dang slow
The first thing after downloading and installing is the program asking you for your mobile phone number to verify with a 4 digit SMS message.  If you are like me who doesn't have a cell phone, then this program isn't for you.
Hi
Hi
U can only all people wit this app
They do not respond. Also, consumes wayyyy too much battery.
21/f/VA WeirdButAwsum jesus it's hot
This application allowed to record what cam see any time, im really wondering how they allow these apps in the market, it can access audio files as well!!!!!!
I wish on the next update that there is an instant messaging.. its tiring to go into the app and type..
Very poor in recognising the server and utterly waste when any one in roaming bcoz always u need to uninstall and instal if want to use it.always the server will be down and cannot be connected.i request the developers to fix this and also problem in recognising the network especially when using dual sim mobile
There are no free calls. Its like skype. You need to encourage people to install this to be able to talk to them. Uninstalled.
You and your friends have to have this program in order to text or chat with anyone
Deceptive description, I was expecting to make phone calls, ans send text messages free, but its a social networking thing. Everyone has to have the app to contact anyone.
Since i upgrade my kakao to the last version,,,everything become suck!!! Cannt load the image, cannt receive the chat,,,its ofthen cannt conect to server!!!!!!!!! Suuuuucckkk!!  Pleeeaseeee fix it!!!! Or its better to downgrade it!!
End mongol xvn baina uu id: intereki
Jesus this saps battery like no tomorrow on the nexus S. Please fix. I always resort to force closing this app
Does not activate saying exceeded 3 sms tries. Does not proceed to voice calling page.
I only have a land line but must have a cell to activate.
it doesnt work at all on my phone, I sent for a verfication code and never received it smfh, waste of time
Wish it wouldn't be so laggy. And it'd be nice to know when the other person is typing
Had had
After the latest update, I am unable to send photos or videos!!!!!!!!! Please fix it
U people have no life this shy right here suck wast of time
Not kool
Its a failure... Whenever i put my no for registration, it just could not connect to servers .! Even on active wifi connection
Its a failure... Whenever i put my no for registration, it just could not connect to servers .! Even on active wifi connection
Shud say only to app users. thought that I cud call any phone
H
I cant upload of my picture,the loading is very slow. .please fix it immediately thanks
This thing is slagged no joke >_< Fix pronto
Very longtime Downloading
WHY DOES THIS APP ASK FOR SO MUCH PERMISION FOR PERSONAL STUFF ON YOUR PHONE AND PERSONAL ACCOUNTS,.WHEN MOST OF THOSE THINGS HAVE ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH WHAT THE APP IS USED FOR ???  I THINK IT'S UNECCESSARY TO HAVE SO MUCH ACCESS TO A PERSONS PERSONAL INFO AND DEVICE CONTROLS JUST TO BE ABLE TO USE AN APP. .. SOUNDED GREAT UNTIL I REALIZED THIS ...NO THANKS:-)
I love it!!
Useless piece of crap
I love it
Hi i am ballydhanoa 18 male add me my id is: Ballydhanoa
All right had to uninstall it even before trying it... I generally don't like uncontrollable programs which constantly run in the background in order to be used a few times a day, while stealing memory and discharging battery sooner. Even the most rebellious Skype doesn't run in the background on android, why then? Kakao?
Add me people! beech26
Haven't even used it and yet it uses a lot of my battery... whats app has way more of my contacts on there and doesn't even show up on the battery use page
Except the failure of sending photo through wifi recently  Plz fix it   it is a big problem
This app single-handedly drained my battery by constantly pinging its server; it also slows down my phone noticeably. Pity to have to uninstall as I love the app itself.
Very gud
Well worked pretty well in the beginning. But as soon as i set up the password it doesnt work!!! Deleting and reinstalling for  the fourth time cuz of the password problem
Hi, I'm British, male, in my mid-30s, (if that matters). Looking for people to chat with so that I can test out this application fully. Everyone is welcome. Look forward to chatting soon.
Erm why cnt i hear the other person when i call and it shows that they hav answered the call? The free call thing dnt actually work!
Hey new to this site. looking to chat with guys 22-29 usa only. xoirishbabexo
Occupying lots of space in internal storage. Uninstalled..
Devi2812/f. Often restart my phone, and lost all my k-drama fans & backpackers friendlist, ffhhhssttt. No pervs!, be clean!. Kamsahamnida
I just installed the update and now it tells me ive changed my phone and wants me to re-verify my phone??? What the hell? This is very poor, I've had the same phone for 9 months!
My custom alert sounds stopped working.   Galaxy Nexus (LTE) , AOKP Milestone 6 rom
Not bad. I want to change this silly ringtone, but how? Delay in sending text msg.
Screen goes dead when making a call (Handset: Dell Streak Pro D43), unable to terminate call until other end terminates the call. Installed latest version (3.3.3) and still the same problem.
아이폰도 in-app 테마 설정 가능하게 해 주세요.
Just downloaded yesterday and I cant add friends??
The best app from all the crappy ones I tried
26m american in korea id is kyshawn
I love the emoticons my wife sends me...
I love it
Not the best quality. Drops calls too
I put the verification code in that they sent me and it said wrong number even though it wasnt
From 4 stars to 3 stars now down to 2 stars. Just don't like it when force closing occurs. With the recent update, it says, photo sharing enhanced in our country. Well actually, this issue doesn't involve photo sharing, still, photo related! I'v taken down my PP, left it blank for almost a day now coz i can't upload. It says, DATA LOAD FAILURE! Ughhhh Pls. Don't give me a reason to rate you guys one star. Im being patient!
... Txt me Jc 25 yr old cagefighter here lots of tattoos hit me up girls...realcm4120
Almost never use it but it consistently remain in my top 5 battery users right in front of Google Play Music...
After the latest update, kakao don't notify me of the messages coming in. What happened?
just installed the upgrade and now it doesn't work:( keeps saying it has unexpectedly stopped!
Great free APP! May work better for others.Texting and picture quality is fine but calling is the problem. I like the APP so I.will return when the bugs r fixed. Thanx!
so, i've added somefriends from this review. x) interesting to everything. usually prefer to listening, really love to meet a new people whoever they are. ^^, add me on Adam03. ty. :)
Ahh why?why again n again only who get the problem  :'((  plis someone fixed  it why my andro cannot use my katalk i was really upset bcs of this..wht should i do?big thx
Not able to write on SD card...
Analei 29/f
ID: hs096 I am lesbian girl.. only girls add me for chat / text and friendship..
New for me
Good
To much storage
山寨版line 但是，不錯用.
Add me Asyserigala 22 m asian lols. Boredom
Hi i am new to kakao not having friends so Dont know how it works, i am 23/m/India n id is johny88, feel free to add me only straights ~:-)
I love this program for communicating with family but its not user friendly. I cannot add someone, even manually.
jua installd n hv no frnds...i m a guy 17 from india.. my id is pankesh6
I Just Wanna Have Fun and meet girls from all over the world, please add me ID:nenesexy
The developer did not respond to my feeeback
Invite KaTalk ID : IndahIsmSR THANK'S
What happen to Kakaotalk today.. can't send and receive messages... X_X .... help hellllppp...
Im kinda new to this, 18/Im a girl(: Add me -OhBaby!
I super love the emoticons, they make whatsapp's look pLain.. But my msgs sometimes are not deLivered.. And i don't have many friends to chat with here, so new friends wouLd be weLcomed ^^
Hey I'm 16 any girls looking to have some fun id:austin.3
let's chat Dannyxx84 28m Very fit
Like the app, but it  freezes my HTC Eve (Android) when I talk to friends overseas or use emoticons. Phone will not respond to anything not even a powercycle. Not sure why this is happening....SMH
Aku Alya,walaupun aku baru download,aku kasih rating aja;)Bagu,BagusXD
why it keeps my phone from deep sleep?how to stop it running on the background?my battery drained so much!please fix!thx
id.    r1mustang
Include video call and sending documents or files . Also call disconnection are too frequent.
X)
Show me up. . . M/22/India.  ID: Udgeet. . . love 2 make new friends
why KakaoTalk Free Calls & Text can't make a new group chat like WhatsApp or gtlak or another messenger?i think it is pretty cool if kakao like another messenger can make a new group it self :D
Hello I'm asian, 20, my ID is above... :)  decent chats only
First off, PLEASE change that stupid ridiculous ringtone, I describe it as a small child singing something unintelligible for a moment by a repetitive mobile lullaby, my girlfriend thinks its a monkey. And the voice changers have icons like an alien and monster-NOPE-the voices are chipmunk and transsexual.  Call quality isnt great but fair, however it is too sensitive for ambient sound and my girlfriend blends in with all other noise.  We don't use it alot because she complains that she hears herself like a speakerphone echo. We are still shopping around for a free voice app.
Just DL this app and tryna figure it out.... I am hoping it is one, I can use to keep in touch with my friends overseas, and meet new friends too.... so add me: Heavenly07.... 26/F/canada P.S. Must have a pic...
Where are u KAI?? 21/m Sexy *gurls* may add. No pic/ no add. Don't add unless your gonna chat.. Lost all my contacts... But HMU tho.. Id: TrippySwag
Watch out!  As soon as u open it,  it searches your phone contacts and automatically adds them!   So the person I was trying to avoid showed up, and I showed up on his! :-(
Just got this app trying something new and meet new ppl. Looking for fun chat I only speak english....19yr old american girl...add me n lets chat Id: BeautyIsRenee
add me my id is ankk
Add me GiRLS Only. Looking for nice good looking girls to chat too. I'M 18 From Scotland. I have brown hair, Blue Eyes. And 6 pack. So if your interested add me.
Find me. ID: BBM007 M/In. New here and wont mind talking stranger girls English speaking only please,... would appreciate photos in profile.
It's very lack at certain times.. sometimes it takes me more than 5 minutes to send a text. For this, I rate 3 stars if not I'd have rated for 5 stars. Thanks
I have a phone with the limited phone storage. If you guys can make it transferrable to the Micro SD card then it'd be PERFECT
Curiosity brought me to this app. Add me 'emmyluv'...
Kindly add me  lhenny00 is my kakao i.d I will just try this app.
BAPUK WOY!! KTALK BAPUK!! BENERIN KEK!!
Good
A nice app but i need frnds to talk to. pls send request. my id is written above.
Especially looking for indonesian friend to chat..i'm kpop lovers..25/f..no chat if no pic.. id : ricacia
Hey guys! All the 2NE1 & Big Bang fans(other Kpop group fans also can), please add me! My id is above (;
Hey guys! All the 2NE1 & Big Bang fans(other Kpop group fans also can), please add me! My id is above (;
Any1 no how to call free without credit card apps
There is something with the call feature. Or is it justy phone? They can hear me but i cant hear them.
Heyy :D random citizens :p 15F!Im quite new on this so add me :D ID:PandaPower
Hi! I'm 14/f looking for friends esp from korea and japan! no perv! btw, i'm elf id:kekeELF :))
Good before the update got rid of autocorrect
Add me... 25 m....  friends lets chat. I dont have friends yet in my list for this apps
add me m/20, pretty open minded, athlete, kpop lover and more! id : taengooismine
I hate doesn't do auto correct in the chat message anymore please put auto correct back in the message,  calling sucks when on a call can't hear the other people well unless I mute my mic then they speak I can hear but if not muted can't hear them please fix as well.
Just made it add Paolo looking to chat with GUYS, aspiring model, 23 hit me up
It kept telling me its unable to connect to server tho my 3G seems to be fine. Please fix this!
ID: southernbredazn 25/male/Korean living in the states.
I like this app. Because many artist have a ID .. #opss ..
i recieve messages so late so im takin my 5 stars back :/
lily cant search u.. add me Carlo021
B_KooL  ayt.
I also installed this on blackberry device but can't be used for free call?  Add me: superarga
sending pics of ex gf on kik aussie2010
wanna meet new friends around the world. Clean chat only.
ID: GeorgieeFLesb   (:
Can be better
What's up..I'm Cody.. 19/male/straight/VA. My id: CodyTAPOUT
I like this app better than Viber, but can someone please tell me how to change its f*&^ing ringtone?
It's the best texting and calling thing I have on my phone that's to this I can ring my mom without paying x!
This app is cute :) . But I would likely to rate it more if there was a random chat , u write a message & send it to worldwide . Anyone received it can reply it whenever they want to...
chat like fake as by machine
Oooooo
its lke chaton..good app
I can't get back my old account~~=[
My kakao talk show me an error message related to reverification.. that message always appear whenever I reboot my phone.. plz check this error..   My phone model is LG optimus 2x (su660)   I hope to correct this error asap..   thanks for your great efforts and I will give 5 stars again when you resolve this problem.   bye:)
v
Also would love to have app for webos... Please consider making app for the webOS platform phone/pad. :)
great .
친구목록창에서 친구프로필이랑 대화명없이 이름으로만볼수잇게 설정하는거 만들어주세요
I have never had problems till I got my new galaxy s iii. It is constantly looking connection and I have to hit the little red retry button. It seems to be worse after I make a voip call. Help me out kakaotalk. I've used your app since it came out. 5 stars when that gets fixed.
Just trying it out, no one to chat to though, id: iam1ofu M/26
Why still couldn't move to SD?
Can you make it save in sd card? Others are great.
16/f/Canada (; love to chat whenever! No creeps though ;3. I'd: ashleybear
Nice app
Was a gr8 app til I got messages saying cannot connect to server when I hav good coverage. Pls fix n how do I stop notification from overiding other open apps when a new message comes in?
It seems to use up battery too much...
Notification does not vibrate.  Please fix this issue
Photos and videos are not uploading on my micromax a52    "Uplo ad failed report" is coming  ....plz fix its Thanku My id 20103561
Good! But can be better
super love this app on Android! But too many wakelocks unlike with.ChatOn.
It's Coo but not wat I thought, it wuld be!!!!
overall a good app. but the new update has been eating up my battery. please do sth about it. thanks.
Rate my cock. 21,m peaceofmind01 0 is a zero
Great instant messaging app. However, loading photos has become slower. The transmission has improved, but at the expense of loading photos to view. Please.. Fix.
Love this chat! But, it need to improve the walkie-talkie, this function! More speed to listen the massage and the way to send! It's more better if there's a "hold and speak"
Nice app. Loving it. Video calling got some problems in my country. Add me ID: Tapendo, 21 yo, Male, Kenya, East Africa. Clean & friendly chats only
Good
Great app, I love it. I'm up for a chat, anyone 16yrs and under, and over 13, gender is not a problem. My id is kookookylie and I'm 14/f. No prevs please. Great app enjoy new comers.
Hope i cud still undo deleted chats.. :-(:-( gorgeous006
hey i m looking for girls of any age ... my id s shubham234
Come lets talk
Works good for my phone,  &It's 1 of the cheaper Android phones too! ALTHOUGH, It could REALLY use a Refresh button though.. :/
Feel free to add me if u r looking fr frndship n sharing thoughts. **M/24/BD**
Feel free to add me who looking fr frnds. M 25
Ahh why?why again n again only who get the problem  :'((  plis someone fixed  it why my andro cannot use my katalk i was really upset bcs of this..wht should i do?big thx
No doubt that app. is greatly designed but many times the messages are sent/received very late and not on the sport though having full signal and network strength..Please fix it. Thank you
hi 19/female from Philippines.. I'm interested to find awesome and friendly people around the Earth XD.. ID: simplegurl..tnx!
Add me,from malaysia. 22/m
Poor thing only in Asia,
Not bad....and the display good to...so if you want to search friend..this a good app for you...!!!
Hey guys and gals m/22 here like to meet new friends all over the world ..add my id: salman08... No fakes or tosh people please...
Hey guys and gals m/22 here like to meet new friends all over the world ..add my id: salman08... No fakes or tosh people please...
Add me pervs and naughty people heythere21 is the id
hit me up my id is "meanL"
Im 24/male/singapore. Sincerely wanna find a chatter over here. Any gender will do. Of coz no pervs thanks. :) id:jhhc8907
I like ktalk, but would like the option to automatically backup chat and media to SD card and import if I switch phone or wipe phone. Would also be nice to be able to have a second login on my tablet...
山寨版line 但是，不錯用.
Hi for tumblr peoples / Indonesian / others add me: hijikyun. No pervs, k! Need new friends only. Nothing more than that.
Omgg love the calling feature!   chattin <3 ID: amisato x everyone talk to me ^^ Dont just add me as a contact! if you add me, talk to me! No creeps! Also kpop.fan :)
A pretty good app..one of the best messaging apps I've tried..would love to meet some new friends =)..add me (ID: zyling)..I'm f/asian~
Just started using... Simple N cool...
Hey hit me up guyz Feeling dirty M 17 asian Add me: ytlin
Great messaging app!
13/Male/U.S. Girls only please, up for anything my ID is SKnight99. Don't be shy :)
Installed and running stable enough. Add me if you want to chat: Bahamut124
New to this wanna chit chat nd make friends add me csk.youngchief 24.m.usa.utah (females only aha)
Add me. Add me Gerard / male / hawaiian-hispanic cute and i surf
Its really useful. If you wanna talk to me, add my id "yuta5942" 21/m/japanese. I wanna make friends who are interested in japan. I wont reply impolite message.
Hi! My name is Alaina!  I'm 16, I live in the USA and I'd love to learn more Japanese, talk about kpop or just make some new friends! My id is sweet92590 I look toward to talking with you! ^_^
I like KakaoTalk but the time isn‘t shown correctly :/ Feel free to add me but no perverts! ID: ZeldaFan
This app could be fun if i could browse people, and talk to more people. Hit me up 21/M...ID cameronsopsko1
Hellow.. I love to make a friendship with all ppl in the world, so are u Boy? Girl? Man? Woman? Granda? Grandma? Or vampire maybe? pls add me; agent12, i am 26 female and have married, thats why i just a look at friendship not soulmate ╰(*´︶`*)╯♡
Gender preference not an issue.hit me up! Good to have new friends.Up for a nice chat.(No profile pic no chat)
Hey, maddy hre.. Hre fr ol d cute grls, spcly indians odrs r welcum too :p..  do add me, am gud at wrds ;).. 18/M, hv my pic.. Id: maddy77
Add me drillickx male/usa girls only i prefer girls only horny wanna trade pics hot sexy pics add me drillickx
Hey I need friends to relieve me from everyday boredom! :)) add and chat with me boys or girls any race. Id: xychii    Thank you~ :3
New to app! Looking forward to making new friends :) My ID is tchau004 and am 17/M. Funny and weird guy. Add me if you want a cool friend though xD
Like this app cuz I can still stay in touch with ppl.
You will have 2 have it to
Add me i am a indian guy 17 id.- 322133
Haven't even used it and yet it uses a lot of my battery... whats app has way more of my contacts on there and doesn't even show up on the battery use page
Looking for younger girls who want to chat with an older guy. Straight male I'm bored and could use some company to pass the time. drudder09
Any gamer girl please add me. 20/M... Id- Scarecrow03
Add me gennyboo...love Asian people yay so add me I'm pretty snazzy
It's the best online messaging app but why can't u move it to SD card??? If u could 5 stars right away!
I am new looking for friends.add me up.my id:  MNemperor90. This is great app.
i m 21/m/india girls are free to add me.....
25/m/Philippines here. Chat with me.
Add mine okayy (; my id : boom24 pleaasee
Its a good app . Add me plis my ID : sheiilo . 19/f  Thanks :D
Looking friends from asian country if not it's okay too, add my id -proudbeme ! Boys or girls  its no matter , Thanks
23/m/singaporean Add me up girls!  ;)
우리 친구해요 hellolia94
23/m here looking for some new friends either boys or gals.. prefered if u can converse in english
Hey there - married guy in his 30s just looking to chat/flirt with women...please hit me up if you are interested...id is gunnersfan
Here is the reason i give 4 stars on this app: everything is fine, but sometimes when chatting, it says cannot connect the server, and there is a choice between resend and cancel, I click resend several times, and it shows to the other person that i send the samr message several times
Hello. I just downloaded this, so add me. Kristynicoleee. :)
Username: iplaychopsticks - 22/M/California. add if in area, funny, play piano, like boba n movies
21 m us Korean... add if u want dkenny91 decent girls ....please and must have pic
Hey add me up..I'm 18/m...i juz wanna make frends all round d world..my id- Ku2zz
Cool  app if you want to meet people from all over. 29yo male willing to chat with anyone from anywhere .add me
Im from eu,  m 28. My id id: thommcam. Add me ;-)
I'm so bored to hell! is there anyone from ukraine? europe, USA or even australia? :) my ID is hullahop
This app is cool! i love it so much!! ♥ with this i can do free call to my korean friends :)
Dont let you call worst app ever
Add me? :) ongakunitzzz no creeps please! :) f/19/phili
would be good if it had feature to hide certain chats or password protect specific chats.. otherwise it's great. go sms has a lot more features now so if it wasn't for the emoitcons I wouldn't use though.
Cool Asian Guy here^^ Everyone is welcome :D message me! Haha I want more friends :D
Like it.
So...I don't get it, is this only free if you don't have service? I've been using it and it's using up minutes on my plan...
Respectful, sensitive submissive looking for conversation with females. Will small talk, however deep discussion is preferred.  No topic is off-limits so don't be shy! 24 M Indiana, US
Its cool. Let me keep in contact wif frens aboard and free call. Feel free to add my ID. I love to make a frens from whole world. Really want to make a friend wif Korean hehe. Let's have a nice n fun chat :D No pervs and fakes!
app is great to use, it works smoothly.. any 1 feels to be freinds with add me sachinfd25 /m/new delhi india intresrted in fashion dsgng, music nd many more to explore by u....
Need more ppl to talk to add me Rony192
Hi. I just started using this app & it is quite interesting. So far it's easier & fun to connect with my friends. Well, hope to see some nice & cool friends here. ;) Id: cherrylisz19
Nenelol is mine dont call me bc i want answer im 14 and Kik me monkeylol
Its 1 of the best App hve come acros i m loving it!
hi everyone! id like to have friends whom I can chat regarding different languages! and friends from all over the world. I speak and understand english very well.. add me id is: saneestrada
Id: tee92 20/m here! guys and girls are both welcome. Bored pls hmu!
Add me im new female 20 in us girls and boys:)
awesome
M
This app is great! Im 21/m/indonesia. I'd like to discuss about medical stuff and have new friends,so add me: medstudent
I love it.... Should provide better themes... But the standard is sufficient. However, it loses network way to many times....and sometimes indicates message didn't send and when it resend.... The message is shown to be sent twice..... Update: please fix the error of using sending a picture with the camera. Always fails to send picture after taking a picture with the camera-stock and third party
My name is giovanni and im looking for some more friends maybe even more.
m/32 from ohio, interested in women, looking for good conversation, have pics to share, message me if you want.
Add me 15 f isobelirving
Sn klider 26 male!
I just downloaded this app and not sure how to use it yet. If ur nice and friendly please add me...... eddiechicago
Add me 19/m I'd up top :)
awesome
I'm new in using this app, but I have a lot of fun while having chat with others. This app is awesome. I wanna find out friends here, so everyone please add me in ID: Regi23
24/f/Indonesian. Feel free to add me. Let's be friend :)
30/m/canada... Would be cool to chat with someone my age. Or just a mature person overall..  ID Sykick.
im new here install it just now...im just curious abt this app so i install this..hope to meet new frends:)
Very nice app. Im a 22 yr old male from america.  Add me girls only I'm very cool.  Id: JCool1989
smnaz7. Message me;)   Only will talk yo you if you're from the states, have an id pic with your face, and are fun. If not then blocked sorry
25|F|USA...add ke if ur bored too and wanna chat. 25+ only
22/m/oh. Gay/ straight/ bi Guys, hit me up to talk or more! Rh1989.
I wish it will be great app. Please add me, im looking for friendship in whole of the world n_n. My ID: Xeyu3710
I'm enjoying using this apps
Looking for Sones,singaporeans frm ASIA. Im 19yo/F. no pervs, indians and only want friends around my age. Gender is nt a prob!! :)
pls dwnlid ths app its vry nc
Heps cool
i'm a new here... add me up plz.. ifuseekme is my username...
Hey im f/17 come talk to me :) im bored I wanna make friends
Nice app~ I'd love to make new friends here to talk about anything :p add up! But no pervs please.
This app is really good when trying to communicate with people!! My ID is Coke987123 - looking for anyone that wants to talk. ^_^
add me  F/17/usa would love to chat:) Brunette17
그니까 제발 상대방이 읽기전엔 발송취소할 수 있는 기능을 만들어주세요 제발... 제발이요ㅠㅠ 읽기전에 내가 쓴글 누르고 있으면 복사하기 그런거랑 같이 뜨는거죠 발송취소가.. 그럼 상대방 핸드폰에는 푸시가 떠있어도 내용은 없는거죠 그럼 뭐냐고 물어볼거고 아무것도 아니라고 말하면 되죠 그게 나아요. 아 제발....부탁드립니다 부탁드려요
Bored af here so add away justin1995
28/m. Women only and have profile pic. Id above
Looking for friends...^_^ f/15/asian  Chat with me anytime... id: mysunshine96 >NO PERVS PLS.<
Add me please, 16/f/indo ID : aishalf
There's a bug for tab users. During a call, answer / decline buttons doesn't show. So you cannot do anything.
how to use this? hahaha
i recommend you to download it!!
Hi im new 18/m/indonesian just want to chit chat with everyone of you;) add: mrb20
1. Accidentally pressing back button erases what's been typed. Kik saves it. Please add the same feature. 2. Please enable adding larger status messages. 3. Pls allow typing and appending msgs even when no network. 4. Enable all types of fils to be shared. 5. Overall superb app. One of the best VOIP calling apps available and perfect for chatting with the best emoticons.
A
Wont let me connect to facebook.                                                                                            Add me 20/f                                                                           my id is- IMshay
So far so good. I like having friends add me. Names above. 24/m/usa
Nice app
Good but not good enough .... my ID: reddevil88 ...... Im new here and need more friendz .......so hmu anytime :)
nice for gf..
its a gud app for cnnctng to frnds frm chat but i wish dat voice call qualit shud be bttr!! make dis chng den i'll give it a rating of five stars!!
17/ female from US looking for fun. Only cute boys message me  ID - fuckcathy No pervs , Asians or Indians
If u feel lonely and boring than feel free to talk with me  ID master420 m/25 here
Hi m 18 new to dis add me please id = IJustCame chat to me plz girls
Add me "gbelim" Looking for meet new people and make Gud chat,hey to all
good looking female friends is needed.  id daniel8619
Cool app! Works well fr keeping in touch with frnds or making new ones.. 22m here..Feel free to add (bt only if u r willing to chat!)..
nice app, got to meet a number of new people..!! hit me up...dexter1723..21/m..and english speaking people only please..!!
Just looking for some people to chat with ;) 20 and name up top.
ID: smna90 Let's talk about anything. Will reply as soon as i can. I'm m/22 Korean guy so talking to me in Korean is fine too.  I found that calling feature needs immediate improvement. It sometimes loses signal and there seems to be delay between callers. The lag needs to be fixed and the call should be more clear and smooth.
Great app...
Hey m new here add me kishor1 m/19 asian :)
Just wanna chat...18/f/hk id:vivian0201  NO DIRTY CHAT AND SEXY PICS
Add meIM 15   ID NUNU M'F BIZZLE
Add meIM 15   ID NUNU M'F BIZZLE
Please add me as your friend. ID = j4cnblue
Heyy im new to this so far so good  :-) feel free to add me im a female from Uk btw id at the top
free to add me: cookiieprincess 14/female/from philippines. im into kpop. lol. wanna have korean friends xD but even u guys r not , u can add me ^_^ i wanna have some friends here !! :DD no pervs please !! im a decent young lady :))
Hi~ 15, asian & from america. I like meeting new people. ♥ my id is: Cindur
Hey guys! All the 2NE1 & Big Bang fans(other Kpop group fans also can), please add me! My id is above (;
looking for worldwide friends. teenager please, and i'm a kpopers! :D my ID: feli_thania
cool apps and emoticons..
hii i am 23/m ...girls plz add me on divyang101
Its not really good. Only for iPhone, all the people who have kakao talk appear in the friends list. But others dont and when i want to search, i cannot search when my fren have this
♡ hello! I love making new friends :) feel free to add me : Renzaa
It's a good application, but lately I'm having some problems like being slow, my messages doesn't reach my friends & they don't get mine even when it says " sent " . & why can't we use the same ID on different devices? I mean I want to use it on my tab & mobile . Thanks . ID: Khells87
Calls are a little hard to hear
add me m/28/ indonesia id; blaster22
Hi!!! Looking for korean/indonesian/kpopers friends! my id: fabiandinda ... Haha thx
Benzo214... add me :).. 17/m from texas.. no gays please lol.. add for a good convo :)
Nice app..used it so far its good..any females wanna chat hit me up on above id for any kind of chta..no pic no chat.. id am1989
Great app but after the last update the auto correct feature and auto punctuation feature is not working. I've checked if it was just my phone or the keyboard I was using but it works fine on Handcent and other windows that I type in. Any suggestions or fixes?
Ok
I'm new to this app and am looking for friends to chat with. 17/F/UK Add me : chloegwen
I saw it.. on youtube.. it is.. a very cute.. messenger app. Hmm.. maybe cooler than viber... :]
looking for fangirls/fanboys friends. Pris and koreans are most welcome.. ㅋㅋㅋㅋ... 의 친구가 될 보자!! -^^-  ID : fieminnie92
Add me DominateOne and talk!
Thanks!
add me m/20, pretty open minded, athlete, kpop lover and more! id : taengooismine
25 Male hit me up bigguy22
25 Male hit me up bigguy22
U are a win.
Great app, 14/M straight. Im not a perv.. Please be fun and when we meet. looking for decent convo. Ages 12-16 please (:
I'd give this a 5 if only i can reinstall it on my phone. After the last update, i can't use it anymore.
I'm asian;F/14 years!  Someone talk to me, i'de love to meet new friends around the world especially koreans but i dont mind really but i only want friends that r 13/17 atleast..sorry and also NO PERVS AND FAKES!!!ID : AsianFalBB
Add me sweethearted83 I'm 29/F/CALI  I'm Latina I'm bi I'm a sweet & nice person to meet and looking forward to meeting some cool peeps no pervs pls  :-)
anyone feel free to add me...!!:-) 17/M/ india
Cell01 /F/Tx, love to talk and joke around... Add me I'm cell01. lost my contacts add me back.. .. .
indeed cute. but don't know why there'e no way for me to add a friend. cant find "add friend" button or any other. could someone help me with this? Smartfone Unit: HTC One V
I love this app! Add me, guys and girls are welcome 17/f/US. ID: domigemini
^.^
Had problems before with it not sending me the verification text, need alternate means to verify.
30/m/korean, straight, grew up in europe transfered from london to work in africa for couple of years, would be good to make new friends id: coolslump
just here for friends who are over 24 years old. 27 F CA hellokittykatt5
Best app!
24 f!! Looking for fun ppl to talk to.. hit me up.
Good app.. I am looking for good friends here. Hit me up. Im 22/m asian. :)
kkkk
friends add me! :)) cathypurry
Seems 2 b intresting
13/F/korea Id: aliciakimmm Just want someone to talk to :) no pervs!! Please... no one over 20! I will report or block! Race doesnt matter... im korean/american. Justdont be borin:p
Bdbdbddbhddb
Hi thanks
Id like some south east Asians and Latin/ Hispanic men ( : NO INDIAN & PAKISTANI MEN PLEASE
This is a great app to keep in contact with friends aboard and locally.  I'm not really into the plus friends that are listed but would like to know if i can create my own plus friends list.  Would that be something we can look forward to in near future? Something for the developers to consider???  Thanks for creating this great app.
I love d smileys in this app.. Best than any other app.. Superb.. But the messages get delivered bit late.. Its not fast.. If that is updated then the app will be too good to use..
So far so good :) Add me : pratiwilomowa 20yo chinese indonesian, I'm going to improve my english language :)  Thanks
New here. I like making friends, if you got time add me. Sane, sensible and into kpop and jpop. I am female and Asian and just like making friends.  I like this app.
The only thing I don't like is the quality of the free calling is pretty bad.
Very cool... only if it cud be transferred to sd card.. plzz do something about it also (sometimes only) I hear my own voice whil chatting. But a v gud app must have n its fre that's jst woww!! Thanx developer..
Very cool... only if it cud be transferred to sd card.. plzz do something about it also (sometimes only) I hear my own voice whil chatting. But a v gud app must have n its fre that's jst woww!! Thanx developer..
id: Qq172
ID: RGBmimi .. Interested in music producing, please message me!
I am learning Korean so this will be nice to help with practicing. Id:  Windowfrost. Friendships and serious language learners only. 28/f/u.s.
Chat mee!! Name : ira lopargo. ID : 22e1040b . 13 F, Netherlands to Indonesia ! I'm from netherlands, but lived in Indonesia. Thaanks! XD
this is an awesome app hope i can meet somepeople arround the world add mirantiap if you wanna talk or be a friend.. :)
Talk to me, id: withlovebridget f/18
21/f/VA WeirdButAwsum jesus it's hot
Bored somebody add me my id: BaddRissa
Blu3night , reptiles lover
친구가 저 차단하면 그 친구 제 친구목록에서 삭제되게 해주세요...
Am 28yrs old...latina female  looking to make friends (:     Neenjuhcookie-ID
This app is awesome!!(:
Add me xxxbunnixxx. 26/F. Will talk to male or female about anything
Hi! I am f/15 and a huge kpop fan! I am also queer.ID: BunniesArePuffy No pervs, please.
Hi. . Im indonesian (jogja), sure im male 21 years old. . Nice to meet you. . Id : namikulo
Heyy, I'm new to this and I'm looking for people to talk to! (No creeps!) 18/M (just as extra info) ! elliottmpaul
Buena
Add(viva314)male/19/Asian
From California, Stationed in Korea. 21 F ^____^
I can't put or send vedios or pictures!!
C'mon people don't ever add just to be rude cause I do ignore. Clean is nice!  I am 19/F/Indonesia. If you come with your face it'd be fair ;) ID: Nadine92.  For clean and clear mind only, xoxo
Just try it and u love it!
Just downloaded, still don't understand much, wish there were more options for profile information.  Anyway, look up lauraleman, I would like to practise my Japanese and talk about Japanese culture (not just pop music), and I'd love to find out more about Korea. Everyone is welcome, though! :) Everyone but pervs.
Just downloaded, still don't understand much, wish there were more options for profile information.  Anyway, look up lauraleman, I would like to practise my Japanese and talk about Japanese culture (not just pop music), and I'd love to find out more about Korea. Everyone is welcome, though! :) Everyone but pervs.
Just downloaded, still don't understand much, wish there were more options for profile information.  Anyway, look up lauraleman, I would like to practise my Japanese and talk about Japanese culture (not just pop music), and I'd love to find out more about Korea. Everyone is welcome, though! :) Everyone but pervs.
Love to make new friends ! Nice fun app , but no friends in this messenger! Thats the boring part :-(
I like it I like it
I'm bored soo I'm 13/f/usa and plz no weirdos thxx :)
You do realise that you have created a monster don't you? Welcome to unadulterated children. You 13 year olds posting their usernames on here should stop. I smell a new episode of "To Catch A Predator" on MSNBC.
GOOD APP! anyway.. want to chat with Girls' Generation! XD
id:nana0cas hi ya :) I'm a 17 year old latina from Texas. I love this app, if you feel the same then don't hesitate to messege me. :D
Love this App. I would have rated it 5 if a feature which would let us know whether the other person is online or not is added. It would be great if we can also know when the other person is typing like some other apps in the market.  :)
I love it
Obviously I'm new. Be friends with me? :> Pretty please~ .. teens especially cus I'm 17 and f. Koreans would be nicee! ID: lunaarryssa
16/m canadian/korean chat me up (:
Feel free to hit me up, KayCudders
Got bored and decided to try this app out M/25/MD. Looking for ladies to talk to for whatever... Id: Fallen
Id: ddg 24m  Bored atwork, my interests are music, sports, food. I'm  willing to talk bout anything.
Top class
Hey... let's chat, maybe have some fun.. lol..hmu girl m/asian id:  demonz1  (no man)
This app is very good. But it will be better if it shows whether people are typing or whether they are online.
All the chat history backup on sd card could be seen in music player. Such as voice file.
Gotta give 5 stars if katalk release free cute themes for current version~ Oh! Wanna make friends from around the world :p It's GaemYoo and let's talk about anything :D
How can we come to kbow that the msg is sent or delivered
Quite fun to stay in contact with friends form far away. Search for new friend jass7 f/22 I can speak in French and English.
Pretty awesome way to keep in touch and make new friends :D Hit me up: kikimoki79 M/20/pacific Islander in Portland!
great .
24/m/USA /interested in meeting ppl across America & rest of the world. Hit me up !
Angel1318.. 18.f.ohio. hmu. (:
انه جميل جدا وشكرا مع تحياتي
The shortage is bcuz there's no sign tht show us wether the message has already recieved, the person already read, and if he is writting a message
Ilove this application. Sory But ilove more mary ann . Angelo marticio
Love this app.. Should add more icons in the store also it should enable emoji and gif images
it suckes and its stulid  cuzz it u need to have a code and they send it to u and its like wtf my phone has no minutes dedede>:(
Hey I'm J. I'm 19, male, straight. Im horny af right now, ladies hmu and lets trade pics.  Id: JFuego
Hey. My names Joe. Im a straight 19 year old singer from Kansas. My id is JosephDescartes
16/f/Canada (; love to chat whenever! No creeps though ;3. I'd: ashleybear
I'm confused is this app for dating because everyone is giving out their ids. Ummmm thats just a little weird u guys.
Its awesome application!!! Nice features like calling and perfect UE, emoticons.
Looks good to me. I'm 14. Have no pic cuz my phone won't take pics without an sd card. Id: Scorpia  don't really care who I talk to, always open for new friends :)
Wts wrong wth ths nw? It usd to shw full screen.. bt since the last update.. it blocks all the pretty decoration of my theme...
need ppl to talk to on kakao,,, id- CrizP5
I really hope to see this app go somewhere and maybe have a networking feature. 21/m/Texas would love to talk with just about anyone     sn: uranium
Its great but i cant find people only Chinese
I need lower memory :'((( please make it lower or make it able to move to sd card
20 f cali.... new to this.... jlina91
I love that I can chat with my best friend all the in Korea
I'm open to talk to, just send me a message @BerriesCake. No period at the end, ill see you there :3 f/infinite/wonderland.
I give 5 star if someone beeps me here ,just trying this app..my id is, yongaster,30/m here from phil.ladies only please ,,salamat and thank you :-D
Outsyd. Come find me. 34 Dom male in ATL Ga
Semua best tentang apps ni...tapi klo ade effect bunyi mesti lagi gempak la...
Just want someone to chat with. Just no perverts please. id-kimrhae
I'm f/19 and asian... looking for friends and hope asian too... but native is ok too... id : antiqdlite.... just clean chat only and no pervs!!!
Setya09/m/21 Need friend to talk and test this app :3
smart app. 24_M with pic ladies id: urdreamman
Heyyyyy JeffMyers33 22m Be able to prove you're you. I also have skypeeeeee. Also. I don't want your group chat invite
id:shinnexe. m/25 no perv plz. Will be happy to chat about kpop
The only thing I would want more options with is text size and font but other than that a great, fast app!
Nice app
Id: aaamiru
it will be perfect if it has more emoticon
Hey 28/m here, add if u wanna chat.  Id above.
Im new at this and would like friends id: brianna. I like kpop :)
im new and just trying to use the app. it looks great and i wanna give it a shot. Mia738 is my ID. f/20/  anyone is welcome. no pervs pls.
ID - UKbornNbred   I'm a Straight White M/28/U.K.  I am in a Relationship already! Add me Most Welcome 18+ Girls+Guys, No! -> Ladyboys! :-D  No perverts!!! You will Be Reported and Blocked!!!  English Speaker's Only Thanks. Decent chat only and if you like to Party even better & Who knows Might meet for a party some time if your from the UK? Don't add me if your easily offended Either,  I like to speak my Mind!  Love to Party :-) I Like to get High! ADD Me if Ur like minded No Avatar No Add!
m/21 my id: crz7... : )
Hello! Just DLed this app and trying to understand how it works. Call or chat with me! ID is: 21bibianc
M/21 Really fun and I enjoy talking to new people. I mean I'm like the most interesting guy I know haha. Add me: mancubthescrub
18/American! Looking for korean friends and for a cool, Young ASIAN ONLY  boyfriend♥♥♥♥ add me? ID: light012. Let's talk c;
Message me im bored. D: Must have pic. 20 or up.  Id: csoojinh92 F/20
Great!!! Add me –––> Itsageupaulo
ID:oudai    Add me 22/m   real realtionship
The most fundamentally essencial
Works great! My id is above. Looking for people to talk to around the world.. Always up for a chat and want to learn other languages.. 25/m/usa.. Females only please
A-yo! Uhmazing app! I need more friends tho. Add me! 19/f. ID on top ;)
Gud voice quality
23/m... Id: redirishrusty...need some peeps to talk to...bored and bored
i want to make friends around the world please add me ID:joseyhe and i do like kpop and kdramas, I like any kind of music too!! :) btw im 17 yrs old,hispanic. Must have profile pic! (no pervs!!!!)
so, i've added somefriends from this review. x) interesting to everything. usually prefer to listening, really love to meet a new people whoever they are. ^^, add me on Adam03. ty. :)
so, i've added somefriends from this review. x) interesting to everything. usually prefer to listening, really love to meet a new people whoever they are. ^^, add me on Adam03. ty. :)
I want more friends here...29/m/asian
Nice app, wanna make new friends so add me, Id : HarisKorai 17/m Prefer girls..  :)
G
Gr8 app...must have...feel free to chat wid me anytime both guys n girls ID is: bali89 22/m
ID colton623 male 18, cute girls only please. Chat anytime ;)k
My id is hydersworld n wants to make frm all over the world...
add me up for whatever u are :) i.d. rob27
Just installed this~ UK people, add me! And of course everyone's welcome too:)
add me ocasian.
totally love dis app! connects.me.to.my.love!
Feel free to add me who looking fr frnds. M 25
Add me up guys♥♥♥   id: hsian ♥asian~~male for male~~♥♥    see You  around!!!
Ashiik
hi!want to have new friends..in kktalk..friendly and nice,especially korean guys,with pic^^  no perv or fake pls, add me!jamchan1800
It sucks!
Wow Fantastic Baby. Haha ~add me! im a girl,16, ASIAN. LoL NO PEVS PLEASE. just trying to make friends here!!! ~ kimsxie17  ㅋㅋㅋ lets be friends ya'll LoL :') PS. im NOT Fake!! :) ~btw i love this app :)
Great then ever had
hm.. does this application needs a wifi to work?? thanks:-)
Excellent app for communocation
Add me ID: moechbabel. 22/m/id.
Hi everyone I'm dilip 23/m/straight  from India and am a final yr computer science engg student and aspiring writer ,  anyone looking for a friend,preferably 24 or below add me up :-) I am an anime fan and movie buff,  Decent chat only plz, Id is above
This app is fantastic! I love how I can call my friend in another country for free. I love the emoticons too. Super cute. This is honestly my favorite app. Its so amazing ti hear his voice. <3
Add mine. ID: haroob0mkum
ID: hs096 I am lesbian girl.. only girls add me for chat / text and friendship..
나는...한국 사람 가 아니요  .. ㄟ(≧◇≦)ㄏ  I want kpop lovers to add me . I'm from Malaysia! 18! A CASSIOPEIA!
This is a cute and useful app, i like it very much. If you guys don't care being my friends, just feel free to message me. I am Alice, from Taiwan. My ID is aliceliu0714.
Cool app just got it so u hope it works fine
Cool app just got it so u hope it works fine
Idk
24y/o legit cute Korean boy lookin for cute girl kakaofling~ must have pic. NO GAY/BI/TRANS
Looking for girl friends not "girlfriends".. Hehe! Currently living at Woodlands, Singapore. :)
feel free to chat with me :) @seoyeonwoo thanks,,,
sucks
sucks
This app has a small size but literally it have a super many feauture
I am in indonesia. I can not answer the calling once I got a call from a friend. I am using samsung tablet 7.7. Please help.
Very good
The best app in my phone. I love the free calls and texts I like how when you call somebody you go into this room and you can share pictures and videos without ending the call!
Kakaotalk is amazing!^^ I love the emoticons <3 I want to meet people with same interests. I LOVE KPOP :D and NO pervs~ Ages 14-20 :) Message me~ ID: Alkidong    16/f/USA :D
Hi! I'm looking for friends all around the world to chat with. I'm female /19.ID - Enrika. Pervets or wierd guys aren't welcome :-D
i feel so bored. is there any moody girl ?  my id is :     engeyc   .     +18 / m / Eu
Kakao is awesome to use when talking with my sisters at the same time.
24/m n wann make new frnds..... gals or guys doesnt matter. So if u want den pplz aed me....ID:- raj04
Nice one indeed
Never found a chatting better than this!  Good job!  Add me ~ id:pearlyleu
Hey im new here. 32 m usa. Girls hit me up. Bored and wud just like to talk and meet new people. Id is jsusa
MathewwTheTiger 18 m UK I'm gay but anyone can add meeeee clean chats only though thanks ^.^
Thanks.hopefully u wil have video using apps.
I got an old smart phone. put textfree on it to get a number. downloaded this app. used the textfree number to verify. He can call anyone that has same app. as long as there is wifi on his end. he loves it. He called me while I was at work. . He thinks he has phone services. By the way this is the only one I have found that is actually unlimited free calling. not with textfree plus and not viber .
Best... Hi guyz.. Hy guyzz this z y skype id so any1. Wanna b my fan... (Gadazada.)... Hav nic3 tym
I have just downloaded this app I'm 27/f/Ireland I don't have any friends here yet so I'm looking to make some no pervs or anyone under 21 please.   I'd: dragonphotos
Awesome
hey guysü 16 F. hmu! id:: uy1234
hey guysü 16 F. hmu! id:: uy1234
Add me @ torque23
Anybody who are interested in korea n korean culture? Add my id. We can be good friends. My id is sunnyzoro. I am korean male in the 30s. Studying u.s. Law. Wanna have good relationship with people across the world.
G
Add me please I'm 20 yo male from us  john192
Need someone to talk to!  Add meeee. 19/F. ID: sprinklemonkey
no persev~~chat in English~~add me Vnn77 ^^
26 male and asian looking to make friends with anyone in the world. Not looking for romance/naughty things just someone to talk to and have some fun.
Sucks
Sucks
supah like it...pls also update my country with the new kakaotalk game. :)
add me id: dewi28 22/f/indonesia.. looking for friendship:)
:) anyone wanna chat with me?! Add me, dmd2890 22/female
Im Patrick, asian 5'11 height, 27yrs old male.. And single and ready to mingle, add me patboy143.. ty!
Girls hit me up if you're cute joe5158
Hello. This app is super cute! Add me up 20/f/Malaysia. NO PERVS!! Thank you :) ID: PenieAiRRRR
Im looking for worldwide friends especially korean & japanese. Just add me! Id: general211
Great
i'm japanese, girl, 14. add me if youuhh want^^ →Terudayo99 ♥ no pervs tho! :L
I am 22/m from add me girls please, who wants to make frnds.Id: ashwanis42
Hy.. Im Barista Frm Indonesian.. 23/m. Look for friend to fill my friendlist. Thanks
19/F. Let's be friends!! :)) Id: silverleen
i love it its a thumbs up   x
21/m/USA Hit me up!  id:xJeffDaniels
I love this app, it's too cute...it'd be more great if it has videotalk. But i do really live it.  Add my id: clarissajiang...i want to have Korean friends
Hi..im Jan 16/f/india..i luv  kpop.my id:Jan10T.:) any shawols out there!! :D i like to make new friends..add me!! i want to learn korean so pls help me !!!!^_^
Enjoy everyday 4 me, lol....
One of the best application so far... keep it up guys...
Hey,add me: Miguel1998 . Male/14/asian/phil. Wanna meet and chat with new friends !I prefer to talk with teen girls (13-16) years, feel free to add and chat with me! ;) Pls no guys/pervs!
Jung Any lovely cute sexy girl wanna naughty or horny chat? Come and add me girls. 28 m asian(Korean) ID: moojeh
Im indian 18/male. Im looking for friends from around the world. My id is Asim4legend. ;)
Its....
this is really a good app.. by the way I'm new here..plz add me,, id:elfjoy02.. tnx..
Nice app. Thanks for keep updating
mrxiaobai<<<add me 16 m asian
May i know how to add friends guyz? Add me girls this is my id:CondE08.. About the app? The best among the rest.. Lol
Hoaa cool app, fantastic baby add me up id: gitaanisa 17f no pervs allowed :)
20 f USA just looking to meet new people so feel free to add raychel77 :) no perverts please
20 f USA just looking to meet new people so feel free to add raychel77 :) no perverts please
20 f USA just looking to meet new people so feel free to add raychel77 :) no perverts please
I am 22/white/m/fl. I have a pic, looking for friends. Especially different ethnics. So add me. ID= hias
Nae irimeun kim imnida!!! :) im a male i love kpop, korean dramas n korean culture!!! not only korean,, but japanese culture too. Add me if u wanna talk about kpop!!! my fav band is BIGBANG!!! Any japanese out there add me pls!!! ID : syazwannendo
This app is great:) would like to meet new friends:) guys and girls:) no pic but will send to u once we start to chat:). tiffany/f/16
Looking for good looking English speaking women for fun chats! UK Id: WWEfan69 :-)
Need to call no. not have internet...
Haven't even used it and yet it uses a lot of my battery... whats app has way more of my contacts on there and doesn't even show up on the battery use page
nice app. I made a lot of  friends here. 23/m add me if you want. id: bate89
This is awesome it doesnt have any problem and it helps you when you dont have minutes on yojr phone you can use this ...... :D
Add me im lookin for some new people to talk to. Id: mellybelly2569 anyone under 17 and older than 11(:
i lost a contact in kakao n now i cant find him at all im so sad ToT i miss you LEO ..abt the app its rly good
Any gamer girl please add me. 20/M... Id- Scarecrow03
Yesss! 30/m/NY. Scott Hunting wants to meet new people sohit me up.  ID is above.
my favorite app of all time!
Add me hot and good looking 18/M Id: criterion2 Indians add me
Add me hot and good looking 18/M Id: criterion2 Indians add me
I like this app very  useful...
Hi, i'm new here, just install this app.. I'm 22/f/malaysia and i would like to meet new friends here,boys or girls i dont mind but for sure NO PREVS PLEASE!!!! Add me ID = Hesperz
Hi, i'm new here, just install this app.. I'm 22/f/malaysia and i would like to meet new friends here,boys or girls i dont mind but for sure NO PREVS PLEASE!!!! Add me ID = Hesperz
Cho Kyuhyun
Luv this app! 20 f from singapore. Would luv to make new friends! No perv plz. Hit me up ID: fionalervon
im new here 18/m from asia need friend all around world..... ID: frixon
Recommended app.... I am 31/m looking for girl friend for chat... English please....  Pic share   Id : G4nx
16/Male/Straight. Add me:)New to this but add me Popcornsecret10.
Dis is a gd app
This is a gr8 app. I'm 22/male. My ID: amn47. Add me up girls :)
23 / m / korean  id : kmi091 안녕하세요!  Im looking for english friends.
S
Any genuine girls here wana chat? Im male 27 Australia..oh and i also look like "THE ROCK" to if your interested and im half samoan like him to..lol..message me..;-) oh and i like asian and latina girls to..lol
i install this t my cp because my crush is using this app
Better every day
Use It
I'm 16 , Female . So Message Me ? ( ;  ID : OddFutureWolf
Add iceabigail..am 22y.o Filipino..no pervs pls..Thanks..
BBBC
Hi I'm a Puerto rican f/24 looking for girls who are fun and not shy, I.D. SweetHoney
Hello. I just downloaded this, so add me. Kristynicoleee. :)
I need horny girls & hot mature ladies to be with..  Add me id: xSureshx
let's chat.. 27/m / chi ID: Dabears. Females only...
Hello,  just looking for someone to talk to and make new friends. I am 24 male and from Oregon.  Preferably girls only. Would be a plus if you lived in Oregon as well but anybody is fine. Send me a message?. ID ckooken
Amazing app anyone can talk to friends and family anytime with internet
Hi everyone. I am looking to add more friends. My ID is anthony45
22/M/Straight/USA Ladies hit me up to chat or pic swap!! If you want a reply you gotta have a profile pic or send one. I.D. Up top.
Hey I'm 16 any girls looking to have some fun id:austin.3
Hey I'm 16 any girls looking to have some fun id:austin.3
Hello i'm kanti, 15y.o and unique (i guess haha) My ID: PoppoWorld,thanks and no pervert please
I just made it honestly I dont know wtf to do lol add me thoe I.D- RedwoodKilla650 19/m from the bay area I want me some bad females thoe naughty busty yee
hello... looking for friends. and i want to learn english, france and germany language, please help me. 19/female/asia.thanks. ID: LLL23LL
Add me : wilzonez im indonesian m 26
I love this
Dc
Looking for Korean friends age 24-26 with their pictures^^ Id: mjjeje30  most prefered Koreans^^ Kpop lovers jyj and many more add me up^^
I love the it.....
Very easy and fast better then anything ive downloaded yet Add me ladies for fun chat. Bigdaddy5811.. from new york
Like it.
so nice
33/m from hawaii... looking to chat with F, US only, add me btamura...
Im new to kako so heres my user  XxxshooterxxX must have a pic please and thanx 14/m/ strait
it says need to update to the lastest version to apply the emoticons. but im already using the latest version. really like kakaotalk and the cute new emoticons. plz fix it!! samsung s2!
I love Kakao ♡
love it
Good app I love the smile button add me if you want to talk 22 m us I'd at the top :)
Nice
app is great to use, it works smoothly.. any 1 feels to be freinds with add me sachinfd25 /m/new delhi india intresrted in fashion dsgng, music nd many more to explore by u....
Dxdxdxd333##########
i love this app,, 21/f/asian ID: farahgeena i'm kpoper,, :)
Add me 2 chat i.d. Jokerloks
id.    r1mustang
Its great
I love this app I can talk to my friend all the way in Korea!  One of the best apps I've tried :)
I love this app I can talk to my friend all the way in Korea!  One of the best apps I've tried :)
talking needs little improvement,but in general it is awsome app. really i love it :)
Love this app. I'm learning Korean so this really helps. Add me if your Korean. ID Dovahkiinhd. I'm male mex/American 21 yrs old.
Better than any chat app EVER! Recommended...been using it for 3 years and not stopping.
我是二十五年岁美国大学生学习中文。我着朋友练习 :) if any foreign language learners would like to practice their english feel free to add me as well. userid:JustAnElegy 25/m/US
Add me up  :)(:
Bored and need friends :) girls please message me my ID is : youngkyle
I love it
Everyone who LOVES KPOP add my kakaotalk Kirana97. NOT KPOPERS DON'T TEXT ME -__-v
Really lyk it,
Toooooooogooooood
Very good and handy
Best app for sending messages and calling someone. I already recommended this app to my friends.
I'm Thai ELF. I love Super Junior and another Idol :) I look for friend around the world who love K-Pop like me :) my ID : elflovesj13 ^^ Just add me and let's be friend!!!!
Awes
Really Nice App, to text and call your friends across the world for free.  26 m / india : My ID : sreehari
Great program been keeping in touch with all of my international friends. for those interested in chatting with me here is my id : anthony45
20 years old, white, blue eyes, from nyc. My id is Mikelegacy. I love talking and goofing around, and cute girls of course (; would love to talk to cool girls only
Saved my relationship
Free and cool! KAKAO TALK ROCKS
Hi hi hi :p I'm 13/F/US Add me cause I'm bored, boys and girls, doesn't matter :3
add me...ID K134679Y...17male
It is aawesome. It does let your contacts be your kakao talk. But if you wanna get rid of them you can go hide them so they ccannot text you. I enjoy this app almost all of my family member has this app oon rheir apple device.. <3
This app is actually pretty awesome :) add me unearthrocker1 girls only
저는 멜라니 해요. 반갑습니다~^^ Im a 18 year old American girl. I'm looking for Korean friends  :D  가가오ID: honey976
Hey! I love this app! Many great features. I'd love to meet people from all over! I love kpop! ID: DannieFaye
Add me if you want to chat, 31/m/ny. NickNY
Hi every body ,add me on kakao my id is 76555
better than any other meessaging app out there!
17 m bi. Want to chat about anything. Hit me up! My ID: VerryZainal
Seems to be a good app to use.. continue with the developement
Hello I'm from South Korea  I live in US now .super bored:( add me ID: willbgood 한국분들 ㅠㅠ말쫌걸어줘여ㅠㅠ향수병때문에고생중인데 미국계시는분!서로도움이됩씨당 한국어인 열일곱이에여
Great app ^^ 20 f USA Asian....SERENAx1
Great app ^^ 20 f USA Asian....SERENAx1
Good program ...add me:fatima07
29 m Bali,Indonesai....paulxxx13....thx
I just downloaded this app and not sure how to use it yet. If ur nice and friendly please add me...... eddiechicago
Hi m utkarsh m using talk its vry gud
Kpop lovers only Id : nickjoe19
15 f Malaysia. K-pop fans. @maipobyloopy
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
its really a cool app..add me: alvinlonghas 24 m hk
best msg app ever
Id: Jo820 25/m/asian/Cali is  awesome add me, and talk if your gonna add
ID: bisho1  Females preferred please :-) Im 25 years old Looking for talk active only
5 star from me. Add me, let us chat on this nice app. I am male. My id: tango3
Dl it yr and enjoy it
Free, stable, attractive, user friendly, featureful and intuitive. What more can I want?
Lets be friends :)  Add me luri777     21/f   No perverts pls, im gona ignore u. Sory :(
Im a 17yr old girl :b, im from chicago. Add me^.^♥
18,male,and fun Im indonesian. Talk with me girl
DryTears  18 :) female bored lol
This app was so great. Love it! Btw, my id is : leen3392. Let's talk! I'm f/20/Indonesian. Love to talk about anything^^ and looking for Indonesia or foreign friends. Feel free to add me^^
Excellent app! I give 5 stars for this app. The only problem is in my countty this app isn't famous, not as famous as whatsapp, but actually it's better than whatsapp. My id is : DinaFirwanda
~
Awestruck!!!!
VERY EXCELLENT!
Good app from what ive seen so far. Looking for new friends. Add me id: MikeC2012 im 22/m/uk
ff
ff
Somebody hit me up (FEMALES)!
Somebody hit me up (FEMALES)!
Seem look like skype.
Awesome app! Any1 wanna chat? im up for it, ID is Zcjr/18yo/from the US	Awesome app! Any1 wanna chat? im up for it, ID is Zcjr
id:syk098  f/16/korean
Thiss good app
Add me. 18/m. Singapore, prefer girls .
Im william,20,M,indonesian.. id:vortuzzeon.. please add me..(＾-＾)
You still out there guy from canada. Hmu. Id....tracywow......: )
Verry good
好的。
XD cool~~
XD cool~~
Great app.I'm 13/f. Plz add me so we can chat. Lookin for a decent conversation. Ages 12-15. OK older guys stop trying to txt me I don't talk to people over 15 and if u do txt me older guys u WILL be BLCKED ANYWAY.
Im new to this app nd wnt notty nd hotty frndzzzzzz.........
Great app
Call quality gets unclear but most of the time it isnt. I love this because i can call my siblings abroad for free! One suggestion i could give is to probably indicate the online or offline users or when the person you are chatting with is typing to be more accurate. Other than that, its awesome!
i'm 22/f/asian looking for friends. anyone feel free to add
Hey evrybdy... ^_^. I see everybodys uploadin their ids and everyones joinin each other at sum chat room! :D. Nw thts an ingenious idea! Katalk is already huge, but its goin to get massive! Guys at Kakao, keep up the good work... ^_^. As fr me, my id : Poeticlunatik. ^_^. I'm 17 / M / Indian. :)
Hey evrybdy... ^_^. I see everybodys uploadin their ids and everyones joinin each other at sum chat room! :D. Nw thts an ingenious idea! Katalk is already huge, but its goin to get massive! Guys at Kakao, keep up the good work... ^_^. As fr me, my id : Poeticlunatik. ^_^. I'm 17 / M / Indian. :)
Awesome emotions great to use better chat option
I love it.
Hey im f/17 come talk to me :) im bored I wanna make friends
Message me @ Hinojd Add me girls 15-19 Im up for Anything ;] lol If you can keep up a good convo, that's a plus
23f Hawaii. Looking to chat, &make friends with people from the STATES.Please NO PERVS!!  User id irie8o8h0ney
Im new to this my ID is CherryBlossom92 im 19yrs looking for friends and stuff :)
Hi...im lyn..i want to have some friends through this app..Wanna talk to a filipina.Im 23..And ill be happy talking to my new friends to be...
For good laugh & chat about nonsense, or anything fun. I'm pretty opened mined, so chat away! :-)  ID - o0NightShade0o
Good.....
Ms.cherry, Miami bound
working In india now and looking for friends to speak english on kakao   plz add alsrjf88
Grt
Add me.. :)
I am pleased to recognize the culture and places around the world. I am happy if I get new friends. so, I add 19 / f asian (Indonesia). we can exchange stories. my id: nabilapark. thanks
I have nothing but good to say of it. It puts all other chat apps in the shade. Apart from emoticon adorned chat, the free call option, with voice twanging features, adds life to any conversation. Kudos to the developers. Way to go..!
Add me GiRLS Only. Looking for nice good looking girls to chat too. I'M 18 From Scotland. I have brown hair, Blue Eyes. And 6 pack. So if your interested add me.
add me hi add me am a male/20 looking for female to chat with or maybe more :) my ID:  xjay2011 so add me
Its a very cool app its easy to use and i adore the emoticons !
Cool
25/m/so cal. im chinese, i look korean though :-\. Hit me up if u wanna talk bout house/trance/kpop/anime. 20+ f only and able to hold a convo and gets sarcasm   :-P
Nice app need some friends.....message me my id is lonelyangel26 add me
Add me plis m/25/indonesia. What chat n have friend all around world. Id: chez_fesar
I am a Singaporean male; 22, looking for new female friends; feel free to add me: JJamesy
Jmillz10 male soccer player and drummer...hmu...girls only...you will love my profile;)
Love this app Meana20 22  :) I love talking to new people that are down to earth and that can carry a good conversation
Male/ 17yr /Florida/ id:xCodiRx I'd like anybody around the same age or in same state
한국분덜 추가해주새용~ 여자분이시면 더좋곸ㅋㅋ  아뒤는 Joons16이니깐 쁠해주셈ㅋ
i like this app sooo much... it is kinda cute... too bad most of my friends not using it... sooo add me if you like....   id : Heartlessangel
21/m/Us and I'm Asian .. :) Filipino :) Add me J A Y B I .. thanks :)))
Id: beyongrave 19/m/caribbean, need someone to talk to? You can add me, ill talk about anything I guess
:-D
I am so happy. I can keep in touch with my Korean family
Love the emoticons!
ID- KKKKDDDD,   for the fun stuff ....;p
Horable
Just had my first voice call on this app and I really enjoyed it!. Im kinda loving this thing more than skype right now, and Im trying to encourage all my friends to join! I love the custimization abilities and the emoticons! This is just my second day with it so far though. Will make an update on this later~
Hi, I'm new to kakao, would like to know friends around the world! Add me pls.
nice app, i am hoping to get new friends from around the world 30/M/Indo please add jackdeniels
nice ^^
Hybridmonkey...id
Please tamil guys
Add me aminkang!! M16korea i wouldnt mind girls chatting with me :)
Nice
hi .. i am new .. 16/m/gay i look for 14-16 boys .. lets chat about anything .. add me .. let's trade pics and stuff .. xoxox
good app for my xperia u !
Add me "gbelim" Looking for meet new people and make Gud chat,hey to all
Best app ever it has everything and runs smooth.. only problem is when typing I have to hit every letter and I would rather be able to use me swipe to text but that one minor problem isn't enough for me to take a star away
Hey anyone out there wanna talk. Hit me up, no pervs. Boys and girls. Any age. Heres my id.: Classyfemale01
Would love to know if i can change my id?
I like it
Luvly app love 2 make friends  Id-innocentheart
Looking for girls ages 12-20 to talk to add me m/jayala2124/15
My id is thatiffyguy and i would love to chat with people and make friends. Let's find out if we have the right kind of friend-vibe! :) Would appriciate friends in English speaking countries, most preferably US. :) I am 22 female, and prithee, no pervs or fakes!
Its really good really easy to use try it you like it
Add meIM 15   ID NUNU M'F BIZZLE
I have tried many messaging apps, and this one is by far the best!
Awsome.
Gg
male from Australia, anyone want to make friends? ID above
M20 korean  ID is tdwp123 so add me
Its very very good ♡
This app is great for helping you keep in touch with friends overseas! I never rate apps or write reviews, but this one is definitely my favorite. No problems for me and the fact that it's free is even more of a reason for me to call it my favorite app.
For everyone looking for friends to add, every single Korean on doki doki postbox has asked me for my K-talk ID. Please use it.
No blah blah blah » ID: thesilvergull (21/m)
cool apps and emoticons..
Hey Danielle I'm tryin to hit you up, I guess I don't know how to use this app lol hit me up my name is on top !
Looking for Korean friends or Singaporean friends, age 12-14 ID-JNMS_luvs_SNSD Sones age 12-18 can also add me as friends.
I'm 16 years old male haha lookin for some young horny girls out there. Ages 14-16 preffered ;D hmu no guys! ID: xxCalebxx
Add me fem in nj 20 w pic
Add me fem in nj 20 w pic
Ffff
Add me I need any women that want to talk, and apps cool just need friends to talk to IDs on top
Ok
I like it so much
Cannot live without this;)
no comment
All my korean friends suggested me to use this before and I'm grateful since I listened to them. Me, love to make friends. Can speak english and korean well! Do add me everybody! 반가워요 여러분 ㅋㅋ ID : aisyahulya
Wowed
Love it
It is very easy to use.
Good and convenient...really so nice that everybody can try and use to great benefit!
Hey guys I'm Meryem from Turkey 17 f I would like to make new friends NO PERVS!  Shawols r welcomeeed
Tall guy looking for serious relationship. Girl from sg who is looking for serious relationship pls add my id :eddy. Hear from u soon!!
Tall guy looking for serious relationship. Girl from sg who is looking for serious relationship pls add my id :eddy. Hear from u soon!!
Not available in the philippines
24 m asian looking to chat with interesting people :) keen to learn japanese and Korean too!
like this app..easy registration and friedly interface.. b^0^d
Nice app!!!!
Nah
Nah
I'm a korean 26/male I'm working in india but I'm not english very well. So I need a friend to teach me english^^add me, my ID:iyongseok
Ab
I love this app
25/m/states Hmu for a chat sometime. Super bored id.. SomethingToBelieve
Guyanese or Caribbean girls add me Empire. 20/m
Sxyfireman8 - naughty girls only!
Samiebitchss Im seventeen :p  And yeah
I am 18 looking for a girl in the us to marry and start a family  id-youngraver zuks ladies only.
I'm bored Wanna chat? PS: I Love busty gals! ID : irishfire
I'm bored Wanna chat? PS: I Love busty gals! ID : irishfire
Seems like an interesting apps, havent tried it thou :P. Feel free to add me 22/m/ina hmmm well I'm an asian pop lover, i mean a casual one
Seems 2 b working fine nw n it's gr8! Love to meet new people n make new frenz, anyone is fine. I'm 17/M Asian. My id: Imlazy. Haha....n thts tru, cya ppl soon! Juz made it so...nt rly much ppl 2 talk wid, looking 4 ppl 2 chat wid! ;D
Good
add me! Id kourtniemae. Usa 1/2korean
One of the only reasons to have a phone.
I love kakaotalk. All the smilies are soo cute and I can finally send videos. <3 I use it everyday and works perfectly :)
I can text and call my family overseas for FREE! How awesome is that!
Great app, 14/M straight. Im not a perv.. Please be fun and when we meet. looking for decent convo. Ages 12-16 please (:
Nice
완전 좋음. 다른나라에서도 보넬수 있다는게 큰 장점.
I got this app to talk to a friend in S.Korea, but if anyone is up for a chat you can find me under K.Brew :)
The most reliable chat i ever see...:)
Add me.. 23 m from Australia.. Just looking for a normal chat lol. Preferably girl plz:-P
I love the fact that I text and my family can get them in sec. I just dont know how I can call people. If you know let me know thanks.
Excellent app for messaging.  I'm a 22 year old Swedish male and I'm going to visit friends in Seoul this September, feel free to message me, especially females. Let's become friends!  ID: Zepfelion
good
19/f from US add me
I'm new. 16/f Id: Innnaaa.  No pervs. :)
Add me sweethearted83 I'm 29/F/CALI  I'm Latina I'm bi I'm a sweet & nice person to meet and looking forward to meeting some cool peeps no pervs pls  :-)
Love dis app !!!!
Great app... started to like it,just met a nice korean girl ...i want more friends my id is above.my wishes to all of u... have a great chat, meet people :)
love it♥
Awesome app...
18|m|Japan ID : Cruvex . Any age  ^^ .
Good..  Nice applications
Great app. ID: borisovski
This app is so much better then other chatting apps I ever tried,  and I would like to know new friends - f,21,Asian here, just hit me up .. ID is MomoFurx3
Where are all the older gay men/ dadies at?  Add me rich2013
짱이에용~♥ 카톡!!
This App is awesome, but I need friends to chat with..:-)..I'm 22 years old...and My id is rohsaini..
like
ㅋㅋㅋ내가 대만과 한국의 친구들에게 얘기해도 좋아요. Oh oh, very good 100% 야! 친구! ID: kaiyuohan 이름 ：박은원 Language ：한글,漢字 & English. ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Want friends.
This goes perfect with Rage of Bahamut! I can go between Kakao and RoB in a flash. The perfect mobile gaming duo!
I am 22/m from India love to talk about football and make new friends do ping me :-)
18 yrs old. Cute girls only cause I'm bored
Super
Please tell me if you are a huge Nicki Minaj fan,and I mean HUGE
Really good app!
Add me RobynJWSuh ~ half Korean/F/14 I'd love to talk to more Koreans to help me get better, I only speak basics~ Only people in their teens please :3
This app is brilliant. It doesn't feel like an app, its a messaging device on its own. Please download. Five stars.
Bmf
Love it
Perfect !!!!
Feel free to add me, m/30 from UK, for chat or whatever ID is fraggle01
Feel free to add me, m/30 from UK, for chat or whatever ID is fraggle01
I'm 29/filipino/m but working in dubai as of this moment, add me if u want to chat with a straight married guy, naughty sometimes but a good boy ----> jheffoy30... :-)  update success, 2 thumbs up ...
;-) i love this app.
Genuine ones..talk to meh..
21/m I haven't used this forever, my contacts are gone...if you add me, please be able to hold a decent convo? Add me! Dooooo it! :D
I love it, best messenger in android xP
Best app!
The best application ever..
This app saves me heaps of money. I  make international & local calls using this. Awesome!
This is positioned between fb and twitter. Its def. MUST HAVE.
Good app.. I am looking for good friends here. Hit me up. Im 22/m asian. :)
Add me im asian. Boy love to meet and chat. Cool girls only tnx yo! Id. Keido
best app ..m new there m male 18 n my id is sourac n i wanna chat with female no men plz
Im new. Girls give me a shout. Id is jsusa 32/m. Im really bored and would like to talk
.
This iz really gud, I like it, Thx to my friend who recommended this kool app… #Sonu 18/M/straight every1 iz welcomed to add me
Great best I'm device
Great best I'm device
Know English and Chinese,a good listener:) clean talk only, Add me,19/Hong Kong /f ,id:Janalize
excellent
Well I thought since I'm learning Korean I'd like to make some Korean friends here, so if you want add me id is sabrinabana0105 ^^ I hope you do~ friendship ONLY!
Wow ...this app is amazing.you can text,free call,send pictures,and other amazing things.i think for thise of you whi dont have kakao talk should get it....its so amazing!!!
:)))))))
Force closes every time I try to send multiple photos or just basically any multimedia..
My Touch 3G, and other than that its pretty decent app!
Very beautiful interface and it's a cheap alternative to get in touch with your friends
Very beautiful interface and it's a cheap alternative to get in touch with your friends
Hi guys ^^ I'm Mia / F / 18 /indonesian :) I need more friend from all over the world.  please add me and let's chat!  :) *no pervs allowed
21/m/nc hmu yungchuck
I lost all my friends when i tried to make a new ID :s so i have to be added again.. my ID is above
I think this app is really good one. I can talk with my Korean friends :) love it.
Add me on Kakao Travish1123 Im 22 m straight and only girls 17+ (: hmu
16, f, Malaysian, Primadonna, Selenator, interested in learning korean, searching for a hot korean guy to be my boyfriend(lol), just add me! id: yaya_ft
16, f, Malaysian, Primadonna, Selenator, interested in learning korean, searching for a hot korean guy to be my boyfriend(lol), just add me! id: yaya_ft
Great app!!! Recommended
I can't live without it
Attttttyttyyyytu
Super nice app that allowed me to chat with my pal in other country for free. Anyone want chat with me?add me kainibigbang I'm 17/f singaporean ~
Love chatting with ppl around the world. Wouldn't mind more friends ;) 26/f/usa. Id: Shanda
Hi im new here. 19 f asian..add me annahoj.
Bom
This is a great application
So far, so good. Add me up guys. i'm M, 20, Asian. Let's be friends. My ID: generism
So far, so good. Add me up guys. i'm M, 20, Asian. Let's be friends. My ID: generism
how to search any unknown friends ..!
A great app for messaging and keeping in touch. Well done!
Great app ! Helps you to keep in touch with friends ! Looking for people to chat. 28/m/Greece ! Add me. My ID is : billygr
Its so cool!!~ Its perfect!
Awesome app! :) 5 stars
Anyone who luv One Direction..  pls chat wif me!! Marilynluvs1d
Awesome !
32 M Srilankan. Currently living in Korea. I am looking a good girl for my best friend. Id is  randika
Plzz ...my phn num is 9558945018
Hey 20 m id: friends112 looking for friends around the world. Wouldn't mind talking to in Korean or either English. Anyone here from syd?
???
Kakao is the best
Hey, I'm looking for chat friends. ID: D3NB1576
Better than Whatsapp and Line.
Someone add me! I'm turning 15/Korean-American/M but living in China. I would like someone who lives in Korea or korean. I can speak English, Korean, and Chinese. And my id is jekunyoung :P someone around my age is even better!
Perfect app for voice chat and messaging. Amazing job done by the developer.  Thanks for keeping it free.
!
awesome app....add more platforms if u want to win battle against wots appp
Add me ^ 16/m/Seattle anyone and everyone. any talk. I love new people(:
NICE
U can only all people wit this app
add me: majga07
This app is great. I haven't had any problems with it and they update it all of the time with more features. It allows free calls to international friends and voicemails so it's fun! I love it <33
Please add, just looking for a chat jturn142...girls only pls
I've heard so many things about this app, so I decided to try it :) It's quite amazing :D ID: XLex I'm 17 looking for a chat (:
I love it
helps me keep in touch with korean friends while i live internationally~i suggest it to all my friends
wow... i like this app. add me if you want it.. i`m looking for friends everywhere around the world... :) garink17/ M / Indonesia
Iam really so thank for the apps all networks goings to free calls very nixe
The very best ;)
Great
Need some friends who are cosplayer.and otaku, prefer girls :D  Add me : farisdecimo Aand HoN player ahaha   Thanks
So far i found no problems wit this app.
21/m - 4tlas -  anyone can messege, looking for chat mates.
I am 27m from canada but but born in seoul add me up female or male jackiecosta
Enough said~!
Hello I am 18/f. Add my id: 941219net oh I am a kpop fan tho ^^
좋와요 편하고 친구많이 사귀고 싶어요
Great app! :D ID ~ spacewaffles
Awesome and standard voice app . Connects call so in seconds without fake caller tunes. Love to see hilarious sounds. Far better than skype. I have used 5 call apps so far. But this one bulls eye.
Awesome and standard voice app . Connects call so in seconds without fake caller tunes. Love to see hilarious sounds. Far better than skype. I have used 5 call apps so far. But this one bulls eye.
조아ㅋㅋㅋ
hey all. 20/m/TR looking for friends(especially females) to talk about anything ;) ID: GunesB
Hi~ I want to talk with other country people. [16/m ,come from South Korea]  ID:qjatjq2360
Hoi
안녕하세요.i come from Malaysia. I looking for Korean Friend. My ID is shirleylaw89.Hv ELF Fans at here? Can Let be friend?
Awesome! Free! Looks nice! Customizable. Good updates..I love the chat rooms w/ multiple friends at once! Pic messages are awesome. I want option to change txt bubble color :)
No doubt
I will give five if this works always.
A for awesome
I am 18/m from HK, I would love to chat you guys ^_^
Good
You are a genious
Works like a charm.
Best messenger forever! Koreans always use kakao talk! I wish americans use messengers more often. They waste money with unlimited tex plan.
I want to talk to kpop fans especially girls :) you can add me janine0426
Username:Andresinclair92. I'm 20, male, from the UK. Ladies, add me. I'll talk about anything ... Swap pictures, whatever you want. See ya here!
NiceB
Add me on kakao. I m shubham (male) and I m from india. My id is : soni2074 I m interested in making friends all over the world.  Add me and we will start conversation.
Good...awesome
Very good
16/f.. ID: seni12.. message me sometime! ^^
This app is awesome!!(:
Add  me sk8rgully 20/m/tx
Idk
Loving this app also im looking for new friends so add me. Id: swag21655 31 blackmale from the states. Females only
I want
안녕하세요 (17/f ) 이에요 ~~ ☆ Good app/emotes. Add ID: dasopew.  c:
Now I know why this app has very positive ratings lol now I can talk to my babygirl all the time(: I will admit the call tone is kinda funny yet cheesy but its very worth it & I love the graphic on texts all the other optipns. Very detailed. Just LOVE IT. Highly recommend it!!
S..
26 male straight kansas loves to text alot here is my id rage1986 I love meeting new ppl
AMAZING! Thanks! 5 stars!
god bae lahhh~~~komo dipake jang selingkuhan..jadi ngirit
. ..D4iki male/19/UK...
I luvem
.
Excellent application!!
This is so cool
I am useing Micromax A73 I cant upload pic
ID: maxkimmax  M/Korea/30 Since I am good enough at English to teach Korean, Those learning Korean are all welcome and of cuz any others
Want to chat with people! Hit me up 18/m/cali
its good
New to this names ernesto im 32 single father... Here to meet new people make new friends around the world.. It me up ladies plis no fakes or perverts...
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!
The best app from all the crappy ones I tried
Cool!
Finally We can talk
Hello is there any girls interested in meeting up for sex in cambridge uk if so hmu biggles1331 and im not shy so if you want to see my cock just leave me a message
Great app runs smoothly
Nice.....
new user. please add. mtv02,human,m,from earth.
Just try it and u love it!
Just downloaded, still don't understand much, wish there were more options for profile information.  Anyway, look up lauraleman, I would like to practise my Japanese and talk about Japanese culture (not just pop music), and I'd love to find out more about Korea. Everyone is welcome, though! :) Everyone but pervs.
Cool
I love it
Freakin' awesome app!!!!!  Free international call, free emoticons, free texting.  Very little to be annoyed about.
when will DongHae and EunHyuk reply to my messages???
This is a cool app
Too many freaks here.I only want to talk to serious  people, about amything interesting.Id:Royce1.
26m american in korea id is kyshawn
I love the emoticons my wife sends me...
Hey :) im 16/F/chinese. Looking for  someone interesting to talk to :) if ur interested add : jaycyhen
I like it I like it
I like it I like it
I like it I like it
This is great thing to have
It's the best texting and calling thing I have on my phone that's to this I can ring my mom without paying x!
Very satisfied
You do realise that you have created a monster don't you? Welcome to unadulterated children. You 13 year olds posting their usernames on here should stop. I smell a new episode of "To Catch A Predator" on MSNBC.
i am korean~~~~~~~~ ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 여기 한국인 없음?? 심심하면 gkswhdxld친추하셈 ㅋㅋ 언제든지  받아줌.근데 윈폰용 카톡은 왜이렇게 꾸짐.
Nice app.  I love it.
Pjnolen21 <- id m/US hmu
My name is Francisco fun to talk too :3 id was last. Minute lol talk to me :3
I can talk to My friends n family  abroad nao ⊙﹏⊙
Good
Newbie here. Im looking for a chatmate who's nice and friendly..
Newbie here. Im looking for a chatmate who's nice and friendly..
App is dope
Sooooo usefull saved my life countless times
I'm 23 bi male for the us. So hit me up- country89
i lov it but i tink  u sud updata it  Ex1.say wen da person is offline or online and say wat time they went offline and say when thier typeing
The best free app to the world
I love it
24/m asian now living in s.korea id:anarchy101  girls 소주 같이 먹자 ㅋㅋ
Add Settimocielo (33/m) if u ever need a shoulder to lean on or talk trash with....
Add Settimocielo (33/m) if u ever need a shoulder to lean on or talk trash with....
Obviously I'm new. Be friends with me? :> Pretty please~ .. teens especially cus I'm 17 and f. Koreans would be nicee! ID: lunaarryssa
Obviously I'm new. Be friends with me? :> Pretty please~ .. teens especially cus I'm 17 and f. Koreans would be nicee! ID: lunaarryssa
카카오톡 너무 좋아요 ㅋ 근데 Acubeent 또한 Apink 호주에서도 플러스친구 기능좀 해주세요 ㅠ
my ID : billbanez I'm 20 / m / half-chinese Indonesian. Just say hi if u added me :) and seriously...no freaks & gay thx. Prefer age around 14 - 21
16/m canadian/korean chat me up (:
16/m canadian/korean chat me up (:
End mongol xvn baina uu id: intereki
My love is overseas and this app is perfect so we can actually talk without crazy international fees. We tried a few different apps and this is the best by far!
Good
but i can't save it on sd card why?!
This app is pretty good was able to support jelly bean with no issues, while other apps needed to update for JB.
My id devijung 17f. Kpopers and i am cassiopeia. Kpopers I'll gladly to accept
Hi my ID is REDTAMALE I'm a gay male, from Philippines. I prefer decent, smart, funny chatm8s.ü Pls don't ask me for nude photos. Thank u :)
Nice app! Cool...gives chance to make new friends also. I m hiten from India.;-)
Top class
Hey... let's chat, maybe have some fun.. lol..hmu girl m/asian id:  demonz1  (no man)
Veeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrryyyygggooodddddd
Thats my ID :)
I'm 15/f,usa..I'm new and sort of a shy girl...kpop fans, and guys/girls my age or up,no perv please!!...id:pockylove2.I would like to have freinds all over the world.
Its amazin to keep in touch with mates when your bored
Good job
I love kakao. I use this app for battke plans and chaos and chat. If you guys can create the option to remove players from chats that would be awesome. Many players complain how we have to create new rooms because a player joi.ed the enemy side and we don't want them passing info on. Please creat that option.
Best hai bhai
Heyy umm I am straight, single, I'm 17, so girls HMU :) i don't care what age you are, we can talk or whatever :)
Cells
Best chat apps
male in TX cute,  girls only 14 - 25 pervs allowed  nd down for anything will trade pictures Cuz I'm a horny talker ;) / no guys pliz Thanxz :)
bbzdkcndkcndj
Vjjnjk
Awesome
This app is cute and fun <3  anybody wanna chat? :3   female/ from US     ID:   Berry12
Any cute asian girls wanna swap naughty pics or videos? :)  Male/16/LA  Ithink my ID is xturtlez18x Pleez add :D
انه جميل جدا وشكرا مع تحياتي
انه جميل جدا وشكرا مع تحياتي
111111
Good
Very fantastic
OMG......CAN FINALLY CALL/SMS CHOI SOO YOUNG!!!!!소 녀 시 대!!!!
Coke village
hii...i m new to this kakao  world..looking for new friends.....:) id aaj
Wtf
Can you make it save in sd card? Others are great.
Hey. My names Joe. Im a straight 19 year old singer from Kansas. My id is JosephDescartes
Its the best site ever
Why can't I change my picture? It's keep saying data load failure
Met this awesome Guy about a year a gol I have been trying to find him and I can't :( I remember the name on chat was Qas and he was from Toronto !!! So if your him look up Latina1993 !!!!
This is very usefull to us we requested to company please prepaird so many sortware or apps like this...
open to any talk. literally anything. 23/m/indonesia. prefer convo in voice with english.
28/m/Australia. Brisbane . Straight.  Want to have some friends to chat. My id: yussef
28/m/Australia. Brisbane . Straight.  Want to have some friends to chat. My id: yussef
22/m Looking to talk to girls any age about anything. Id: Coaster590
Love this app!!! But somehow I can't watch videos in my android phone.. so help please
Hey ppl im new here looking for friends to talk to im 24 latina reside in cali.. My id is babyloks hope to hear from you soon...
24/m from asia, precisely Indonesian .. let's get acquainted Yapp :D autumnos66
17/m, hAHAha13Halo
Interested in making new foreign friends.. Please add my id.. Will respond to any chat.. :D 19/F/Asian
Download hi nai hota.
I would also consider a file transfer method that's the only thing kick has on you get that and this will be my number 1 :-) :-) :-)
I would also consider a file transfer method that's the only thing kick has on you get that and this will be my number 1 :-) :-) :-)
Wen in doubt KAKAO IT OUT lol, this apps awsome if u dont have a fone but have wifi and want to talk to ur friends download thia app and have them do the same an presto talkin for everyone
Nhungcoi
Push notification does not work. Useless unless one wants to manually check for new messages. Notifications can be after 12 hours. Very poor
Great app, couldn't be better. I use it daily, its great for texting people abroad :) 5 stars.
Easy to talk with my japanese and korean friends now
I looove this app so much, but I wanna buy a new theme but I dont know how... Help?
Zzz
Five stars cuz i just donwloaded lets see how it works umm if you wanna talk   My ID is : Steeph
Five stars cuz i just donwloaded lets see how it works umm if you wanna talk   My ID is : Steeph
Han 1nguoi
Plzz... Update it
대한민국! 짝짝 짝 짝 짝!
Very good.Do you know temple run? It is very good, too
Everyone who likes k-pop, anime, dorama,  fiction and just ready to talk on any topic- write me, reply to all!!  ID blackjackyeah
Jayesh
I like that
I love that I can chat with my best friend all the in Korea
Has cooler features than viber. I prefer this app :)
Mhackerz,21,m philipPines. This apP .is great
Just another average app, but very good because it's FREE :-)  probably, I would never pay 4 this :-P ...@nyway! 4 friends....Here'$ m¥ ID: johnoath :-D peace!
I love this app. I can talk to my friends easily. <3 And the gifs are cute!~
It seems pretty neat to chat with others around the world. I'm still adjusting though :) ID: Treesuh  15/f
Good apps
It's a great app! Rach114
Hy there... 21y.o asian girl.. ㅋㅋㅋㅋ  Feel free to add.. And lets be friend ㅋㅋㅋ..  팡갑슴니다
Not able to move on sd card
Love this app, 25 male living in the USA looking to talk to female only ID: hp20
What's your say?  From your going-to-be-new-awesome friend, ID: emk4y
Great applications with cute emotes. Very fun to use and it's free!! :D
It's free and I'm having no problems at all.
This is actually good
I am able to talk to my wife who is in Korea for free. Phone Co. can't beat that.
WHY DOES THIS APP ASK FOR SO MUCH PERMISION FOR PERSONAL STUFF ON YOUR PHONE AND PERSONAL ACCOUNTS,.WHEN MOST OF THOSE THINGS HAVE ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH WHAT THE APP IS USED FOR ???  I THINK IT'S UNECCESSARY TO HAVE SO MUCH ACCESS TO A PERSONS PERSONAL INFO AND DEVICE CONTROLS JUST TO BE ABLE TO USE AN APP. .. SOUNDED GREAT UNTIL I REALIZED THIS ...NO THANKS:-)
Now this app can call on samsung galaxy player. Really good app than ever
Well quite a good app... Am zuheb/22/m from India... Lets kakao.. My Id:zuhebrullzz..
Just want someone to chat with. Just no perverts please. id-kimrhae
This is awesome
I'm a 16 YO/M looking for some girls to talk to hmu1 is my id
F/32 ...nekromancer
Very good app I installed it to stay in touch with my ex that's currently in S. Korea. So far so good. (23/M MooseZombie)
English/Francais/Nihongo. I'm interested in cultural exchange, and conversation. I'm 21, male from Canada. Message me at JordPWN.
Very very super software and useful thanku so mutch
very nice app
Best messaging app ever...highly recommended.  I love kakao talk keeps me in touch with all my buddies around the world.
Totally nice to use and the other features are awesome, great way to catch up with friends
I dig this
Awesome app that's all I have to say!!
This is awesome!! :))
Need a choice for broadcast like chaton
Love this app.
emiepaterno < 20 female, no flirt people that just gonna make me sick xx n im asian dont against me ahah
Yeeeah
two thumbs up!!!! xD
Control in all over
Add my ID LightningHawk  Thank you <3
Use it as a primary communicating app every day.
Use it as a primary communicating app every day.
Best messenger period
Great!!!!
15 female us lookin for some new ppl to talk to ID Pandafreak
Excellent messenger app
nice app one of my favorite
Hi, my name is Sharon 22/f/Asian. Would love to chat with gals and guys 13yo~35yo over the world. :-P my id is skyliner666.
Everything seems to work, ha. 18/M/Germany - want to make friends with anyone & open to any topics!
This app is not bad. The work is quite fast and I love the emos. :)
