Keep update your 1weather app!  Thank you, Dakota
Refreshed app multiple times before a huge storm came through my town, and still one hour later it continues to say 75° sunny/beautiful when it is downpouring with high winds and hail. Nice layout and that's all. Had to download weather channel again. Pleeeease fix!!!! :(
Easy notification not fit with real time temp. Prev. Vers was better. Also to many of adds...
This is the best  weather app out and I've tried many. Snowing today! Yay!
Bad
Every time I read a favorable review of this app, I know it's from somebody who hasn't used it very long. These are the worst forecasts I've ever seen, to the point that they are comical. The forecast icons are vague, and the app constantly gives me alerts for counties that aren't even near me. Worst app I've ever bought.
Great content; looks beautiful. Not accurate enough. Bummer.
Please Make Available For AT&T Galaxy Note..
This application used to be great, but this update half of screen is occupied by the ADS which make this app unuseable. Fail!!!
On a weather app, seriously?
I love the interface, but the bottom line of a weather app is the accuracy.  This service is CRAZY inaccurate.  It says Wednesday Dallas 97 degrees with 47% chance of rain?  National Weather Service says Wed: 105 degrees  with slight chance of rain.  Actual: 107 degrees and bone dry.  I don't think their forecast has been within 5-6 degrees of the actual temperature this whole summer.
Accuracy is terrible! It's always at least 15 degrees off, all temps are wrong, highs and lows aren't even close! The radar is rubbish as well
Airside at two UK airports and the app thought I'm in the USA. Then I went to Croatia and once more the app thinks I'm in the USA.
Constantly giving wrong zip. Then it lost all saved zips and didnt recognize my zip anymore. So, bye bye!
This is a beautifully designed app that is clean, functional and unobtrusive. The weather alerts feature - runs in the background & warns of extreme conditions with a red triangle in the notifications bar. Problem is, there's been a red triangle almost every day! I don't know whether to blame this on the app or the Natl. Weather Service, but there is no way in the app to customize the alert level, so the feature is fairly useless. Pretty much a "Boy Who Cried Wolf" situation. Still, it's a good app.
Temp off by 20 degrees
Kept receiving severe weather advisory alerts even after uninstall...very invasive!
It was raining today and the application said it was cloudy. Four hours later after I left with out an umbrella it updated to let me know it was raining. Your app has failed me for the last time!
This is a nice application. But the problem is that it is not refreshing automatically on the home screen, for which I all the time have to open it and then have to command it to refresh. I didn't even put a tick to refresh on launch, I have switched it to off, if that would have even corrected this is a nice decent app.
Compared to weather from Google or AccuWeather, temperature is off.  Also, does not always update weather property, telling me it's cold when it's mild.  Getting advisories from way outside my area is also a big bother.  And radar is WAY off.
Could'nt you find any smaller - started the app for the first time and within 2-3 seconds I had a full screen ad. 2-3 seconds later, I had uninstalled it :-(
Never gets the temp even close.  It's always at least 10 degrees off from every other source available.  You are the weakest link. Goodbye!
Like the title says.  Such a beautiful app needs better widget.  Also, would be nice if the Status Bar Colour included more than just black or blue (like white).  Besides those small issues (which could be easily fixed in an update) this is a great app.
Wow! Horrible, just horrible. Bad storm comes in heavy wind, rain & lightning and yet app tells me it's sunny & hot. Really? Suck it! You know get 1 star, too bad I can't give zero stars.
With 1.6.2, still incorrect Severe Weather warnings! It consistently gave the the wrong or no severe weather alerts for my location.  The alerts provided were for other locations.  Alerts are still wrong in May 17 2012 version.  A beautiful app with a fatal flaw.
Poor precip probability accuracy.  Doesn't matter how elegant the design.  Garbage in = garbage out! 8% chance when it's actually 30 to 50% today!
It's a good app but my radar is always like 10hrs behind even after it refreshes and I use the radar a lot wish you would fix it. As of July 1st my radar is 2 days off its really flusterating and I'm about to uninstall it and go back to weather bug
Completely useless weather app if you live in the United kingdom. Do not waste your time downloading it. Yanks only
Always a day behind. Hit refresh al the time to get the most up to date radar.  Never updates it.  I think that this app just plain sucks for this reason that is why I rated it 1 . Fix it and I will raise my rating up
This app never gets the weather right, it's at least a few hours behind. Don't waste your time!
Put the app on my phone but it is not compatible with my Thrive Tablet. Looks good and I like it but come on......really?
This is a great app. But unfortunately, there is no way to disable the ads as my right as a consumer states that I shall have. And ad blockers don't work. So now I will be having to find out the sorce for the ads and submit that to the various developers who made ad blockers. I sent an email to this developer. Hopefully he responds in a proper way. If not, I have a complaint ready to submit to the Atorney General's office, Consumer Report, and a few other entities.
time and temp don't update. Uninstalling. Galaxy SII, Epic 4G touch.  No stars if possible.
I don't typically have an issue with ad supported applications, but ads that take up half the screen are beyond obnoxious and make the app almost unusable
Until that stupid Disney ad took up half the screen and you couldn't see anything, and there was no way of getting it to go away. Got to frustrating so I uninstalled.
Pretty but lately the ads take up half the screen, can't see weather report.  Going back to stock.  Uninstall
Ads take up 80% of the screen, with no close button, that click through to the iTunes app store (on an Android that is just plain dumb). So if you want a free weather app that runs ads that take over most of the user experience, then install this one. Otherwise I would recommend the free version of Weather Bug.
There are ads that consume 60% of the screen that make the app virtually unusable.  Was a great weather app before these huge ads started popping up.
Huge advertisement an then crashes
The weather changed suddenly and this app picked it up immediately!  Nice format..would like audible alerts though
I loved this app until the new adds popped up.ridiculous
Horrible oversized adds make this wonderful app quite the opposite. Adds take more than half the screen. Remove oversized adds and 5 stars.
Won't update temperature  automatically or manually. For a weather app so highly rated, I fail to see why it simply doesn't work.
Desktop widget shows wrong temp constantly. Right now it's -99 degrees. In Pasadena! It's never been -anything here.
What kind of app has no exit? This kind.
THIS APP STINKS......  NOT ACCURATE..... DOESN'T UPDATE......  ALL THE WRONG INFO...... NOT THE RIGHT CITY....... NICE.....
I uninstalled due to the data it was using.
Showing wrong temperature in Hyderabad, India
Gives wrong weather conditions!
Looks nice but weather is wrong.
Weather info is never correct anymore
Doesn't leave much space for the weather. Pity, since it is beautiful until the AD loads
capable...Well it is not on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus 4.0.2...thru Verizon. Sent Email..Noooo REPLY! Not cool. Wth?? Refund please! Ty...0 for no reply!!!
Pure garbage
App forgets configuration settings so have to reenter them often. Makes other weather apps look a lot better.
Precipitation is off toooooo much!!!
Where is your widget?!?!?
Finally someone new enabling the move to sd.Excellent..but without the widget what's the point? Great app until this fuckup.
Redcliffe, Au should not be listing the same weather info as Brisbane, Au.  If you need a better weather info gathering site, try:  Bureau of Meteorology Australia.  Until then, uninstalled app.  Otherwise it's a beautiful looking app.
I have been using WeatherPro for a long time, but (with any app) I am always willing to try something that might be better.  Based on the review on Drippler's app, I downloaded this app.  WeatherPro was saying 90% chance of rain today and this app was saying 34% chance.  As the skies darkened and I could hear the thunder rolling in I checked the radar on this app.  Nothing on the radar even close to me, yet I could see the storm coming inand hear the thunder getting close.  I checked Weather Pro and there I was on the radar in the middle of a red/severe storm area.  WeatherPro takes a little getting used in setting up locations, but once you've done that, nothing beats it for accuracy.  Obviously, I will be sticking with WeatherPro and uninstalling this app.
Doesn't tell right temp for australia
Keeps on removing my locations. Got tired of re-setting them..
Every where I go there is coastal flood warnings
This is the third time it's been rainy and cold and this app says it's sunny and several degrees warmer even updating with a wifi connection and it's always just a little off temperature wise, on a normal day. No point of a weather app if it isn't the right weather.
After the last update 25/04, my phone battery plummets. Uninstalled and back to normal. Good app apart from this.
Had this for a few months now. Jus plain doesn't work for where I live, radar is 8-10 hrs behind, says it sunny & clear when it's storming.. May look good, but it's worthless to me.. EPIC FAIL..
Just kept saying my location was annapolis usa when I'm in UK. Uninstalled.
Dislike! It lets you put multiple places to get the weather, but you constantantly get every places weather! You live in Philly but take a weekend trip you get the trips weather until u find time to fix EVERYTHING alllll over again!  To who made this App: Could you please include dates maybe for a vacation spot? Any thing othet than home? Besides that it seems to be  OK......
The location info is wrong...where the hell is Australia landing?
No explanation on new permissions. Uninstalled
Too many permissions.
What the hell? App permisions now require the ability to "Read Sensitive Log Data"?! I originally installed 1Weather because The Weather Channel app was turning into nothing but spyware with all it's creepy, unneccesary permissions. Please don't turn your wonderful app into a creepy spyware app. Remove the unneccessary permissions, or I'll be forced to remove this app. Until then, I refuse to update it and so should everyone else.
Does a good job, looking forward to better service for where I live (NZ). Fantastic widget.
Why do they suddenly need access to log files? I paid for this, but am removing and one-starring it for the lack of explanation for the gratuitous permission grab.
New permission not explained and seems unnecessary for a weather app. Uninstalling and no longer recommending. Developers: explain or change.
Uninstall
Ugly widget from the 50s
No longer works for anything other then temperature and us often wrong. DROID X
This app sucks 3MB a day, even though it is always in the background. That's way too much.
Every time I open the app now it opens an ad in the browser. When I go back to the app it opens another one. Can't get it to stay in the app for more than 5 seconds.
Shows temp where I'm at almost 30° lower than what it actually is.
Pretty but temps are considerably off, I will stick to weather bug
Been manually refreshing for hours during storm. Radar is now 5 hours behind. Starting to think an acceptable weather app. does not exist. Radar graphics are good. Rest of the presentation is elementary.
Install only if you wany to waste over 30MB only on one app.
I've had this app a while and it WAS accurate, but it's VERY sunny right now & the app says it's foggy! Removing 4 stars until fixed.
The weather data is wrong most of the time by 6-7 degrees C
Today there was a tsunami warning in Phuket and even when was already on all the TV networks the application still didn't give any warning or advice!!!
Forecasts never agree with other sources. Pretty but useless.
Before I updated battery life was okay, now it drains battery big time. Nice app but I am forced to uninstall. Samsung Captivate
Even if you deselect auto-refresh, it runs in the background constantly and sucks the life out of the battery
I installed this app on the same day a bad thunderstorm storm passed through and it alerted me in detailevery step of the way ... Love it !!!
This is a great weather app.. Very well designed but my radar ha been exactly the same for five days now... This it's what I use the most so it's now ruined completely please fix and get 5 stars
Gives you no details such as snow accumulations or anything sucks!
Constantly reports 5 degrees lower than actual temperature.
It works great but it effects my other apps :-( My phone has gone from 4G to superlagggg mode. Apps don't open and force close-yet 1WEATHER works..?? Too Sad but I have UNINSTALLED!!!
SGS2 does not recognise UK towns/cities.
Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon	Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon
Cool but uninstalled because server ad connection error prevents from viewing the climate.
How about a significant sized banner ad floating while you check the weather. I say no, even to a free weather app. Better free ones available in the play store. Sorry its obtrusive, not for me. Thumbs down.
Nice UI and cool widget. Great amount of information presented quickly and easily.
Just updated and refreshed. The temperature shows it's 180° in Louisville, KY. Something tells me that's wrong.
Useless, uninstall. Did you ever think to offer celcius as an option for those outside the US
Great app but its not worth keeping  with such a battery drain.
All the app does is go to an internet ad site. I cannot even see the weather. This needs fixing immediately.
A beautifully designed app, but needs a few changes please. First is the constant severe weather alert in the notification bar at the top. Please make it go away. And we need more widget choices please, not just 1 size, and a scrolling option too. Thank you.
This app would be cool if it have accurate info and had accurate maps. Nice try.
Global or at least UK  radar, then rating will rise.
Like the application but it kills my battery might be the ads don't know
Used to work fine until the update came along
Needs lots of work.
Looks pretty, but half the time won't load the weather, and the other half its completely wrong.
This app looks cool and has lots of great features but the weather data is always way off, even current temp.
Works
Forecast show night time even tho its day time and the temp is way off. Great appearance but no good use as of now. Uninstall
Is almost a hour behind, it had the front to the west of us, when in reality it had already moved way to the east of my location.
This applies required a rating to unlock features on your first use. How can we rate what we have not used?   I will update this if I keep using this application.
Most apps aim for being sleek and streamlined. 6 large pages of data is a bit overboard. The weather radar page is a nice addition. It would be nice to be adjustable. I live on the extreme SW corner of the map so this radar shows the weather after it has passed my location.
Only works in gringoland
App looks great but is more than 10 degrees off when compared to other apps, websites, and local weather.  App also notifies of severe weather alerts when there are none.
App looks great but is more than 10 degrees off when compared to other apps, websites, and local weather.  App also notifies of severe weather alerts when there are none.
After upgrading to Pro version... The app no longer functions properly!?!
Always in your alert bar, constant severe warnings for other counties. What a drain and a pain!
I don't care how good you look, if you can't do the simple stuff, forget it. I had this and WeatherBug running at same time, the WeatherBug app had the right temperature. So little transparency to figure out what weather station was being used to try and correct the error. Fail. 1 star only because I can't give 0.
1Weather-reported temp for my zip code is now 79 degrees. Actual temp is 20 degrees cooler because I live near Lake Michigan. My Weather Bug app adjusts for this but I can't see how to adjust 1Weather even if I put in the 9-number zip. Disappointed. Ads in the notification bar were an unpleasant surprise too, even if you only want $1.99
1Weather-reported temp for my zip code is now 79 degrees. Actual temp is 20 degrees cooler because I live near Lake Michigan. My Weather Bug app adjusts for this but I can't see how to adjust 1Weather even if I put in the 9-number zip. Disappointed. Ads in the notification bar were an unpleasant surprise too, even if you only want $1.99
OK
Beatiful & Simple
Not so good.
Great UI but very inaccurate!  It displayed 25 degrees Celsius all through the day, when it was 33/34 in Pune today!  Point of the weather application is to get accurate weather conditions and not impressive user interface.   Using Samsung galaxy s2.
Widget and app out of sync,  both wrong - even after march update. Pretty though.
The date can not be corrected!
Too bad it has a bunch of sucky ads. Uninstalled
How about the developers take back the silly weather Tweets and pictures of kids' cricket game (wtf?) And just give me a weather app that is accurate. Completely different current conditions and forecast than any other sources. As another user pointed out, this could cost someone their family's life if the weather turned serious. A shame, design is elegant and 1Louder's other tweet app is among the best. Hope it improves a lot.
Cant shut.  it off, runs forcibly in background without any option to exit.
Yeah the interface looks good, but when the only important part (weather info) is consistently off by 10 degrees or more on what the CURRENT temp is I have to UNINSTALL. For the last 3 days it's been saying it's in the 50s when it's in the 70s. Find a new weather service for this app and I'll come back.
Not a fan of ads in my weather screen
Samsung infuse
Shows incorrect temperature for my area and takes too long to update.
Terrible app. Unreliable
App looks cool but its sad it doesnt work well for india....u gotta to make it for everybody...its sad...if possible pls fix it...thanks...
Unable to retrieve weather data...
I have a Samsung Galaxy and it has a lot of problems. Can't find current location. Could not add locations  manually. I Uninstalled until they release a new version since it looks very promising.
Unfortunately, after 5 days of usage, the location just disappeared  (?!?) and couldn't find it any more when searching for specific city.  Question: what is the weather service behind it?
Annoying error, unable to get data. Happens with bangalore india location. Other major widgets and apps able to provide this data. Once rectified will change ratings
Uninstalling. SE Xperia Neo.
Only English
Don't updates automatically when turn on wifi
Has problems in locating.
while no ads on screenshots.
Weather condition of widget doesn't work.  Show not available until manually updates. Looks good but not convenient.
Nice but inaccurate.  Values of 6 degrees off from the actual temperature in my location.
Displays incorrect temperature frequently.
At first, I thought this app was great, but then I noticed how it kept on changing. I've been checking the chance of rain, and yesterday it said that tomorrow's chance was 82%, but earlier today it said that tomorrow was only 24%. Now, the chance of rain is back to 82%. Also, right now it says that that it's partly sunny...it's night out. This app is unreliable.
Much info stuff!!!
4-10 degrees off every time. Not very helpful if it can't even get the temperature right
Must have been created by an American! can't have mph and celsius. UK weather app better if your in the UK. Uninstalled
What it's this garbage with ads covering a quarter of the screen?
Rubbish can't find my location uninstalled
So far-so good.
Doesn't work on my g nexus.  Just see a picture of a fence
More stars when this ports to the SDCard.
Needs alot of improvements, needs better widget styles in different sizes. Until then I'm using weatherbug.
Doesn't get the right temperature at all. For eg. Shows 8°C instead of 12.  Beats the whole point of having a weather app.  Using CM9 beta 25feb build, SGS2
The latest version adds ugly ads and an unremovable status bar icon. Uninstalled.
Used to be 5 stars. But now that there's an ad for the app in the app very dissatisfied. Uninstalled.
Got an alert for high winds on a lake 50 miles away. Have been in severe weather all day with a tornado warning for the last hour and this app hasn't made a peep about it. Charleston SC
Why no location based weather notifications? Please add support for MDPI devices like Kindle Fire and other density devices.
Great UI but lags like hell on my Gnex. Not enjoyable to use.
Deleted
Love the app and widget but it really bugs me that the location doesn't update when my location changes. This is a deal breaker for me...
Ads in your face and slow response, btw get more Widgets available
Widget does not refresh without opening app and exiting back to home screen.   Fix the widget and it would get 5 stars. Galaxy nexus ICS
Auto location places me in new south Memphis USA... I really am in new south wales Australia. In this aspect the app is not functional. Considering an uninstall. Would advise users to try out free version more fully before paying. Tried for 5 days. Very frustrating. Location bounces between continents. Uninstall...lost money  Don't pay till you know it works.
Does show the specific towns for Singapore. For Instance, I am at Ang Mo Kio, Singapore but the app keeps insisting i'm at Bukit Timah, Singapore. Even moving to another area it still insists i am at Bukit Timah, Singapore.   Even the stock weather widget is more accurate than this. Please fix.
The radar is one hour & 45 minutes behind the actual time. So tell what good is a radar that is almost 2hours behind the actual time.
The weather keeps defaulting to Pleasant Valley, CA which is 400 miles from my current location of Chatsworth, CA. I have tried entering my location by ZIP code and by city, state name and both times they revert to Pleasant Valley, CA.
cant get my owen town on for full time but it is acvurate
Slow to update. Sticks when scrolling. Alerts for counties not near me. Radar is days off!  Hasnt been updated in months already!!! Galaxy s
nice, but eats my battery.
The temp seems to be off by several degrees but has lots of other info.  what is the red screen that takes up 1/2 of the screen?
Has a nice clean look, but seems buggy and often unresponsive on my Xperia Play running Android 2.3.  I wanted to like this, but still prefer WeatherBug.
The app is nice, but the urgent weather message is not even for the same city I am in; or anywhere close.  It did seem to recognize the correct city for the rest of the information.  I did pay for the app as well.  Nice app overall.  Update: I am uninstalling the app for now even though I payed for it.  I got weather warnings all weekend for places that were not anywhere near me and not any for an approaching storm right here.  The weather service for my region is right here in my city as well.
I live in a major city in Canada the weather warnings I see are always about the small towns around it. Today when there is a TORNADO WARNING in my city no warning in the app Wtf.
Used to love. But when it says it's 83 and it's actually 93 it's time to go. Also there are too many unnecessary weather alert warnings. Literally daily. Uninstalled.
Force closes every once in a while. Temperature is NOT very accurate. It seems to be off by an average of 5° - 10°.
Beautiful but laggy as all hell.
Loved this app but won't refresh.Has had same weather date of 7/13/12 for 5days! Will try and reinstall for 3rd time before sadly switching to another app.
I love the layout but far from accurate.
My town is the only town on the list of locations. Yet it defaults to some strange town I've never heard of every time I open the app. I'd have written the author rather than post two stars. Couldn't find his/her email address on the help page.  Sorry!
Turned off all notifications over a week ago. Still receiving 3-4 notifications a day. Yes, I have done everything possible to eliminate the notifications. Great app but I will uninstall until this issue is fixed.
Am I supposed to see animation here?
My settings on this app have been randomly reset every week or two. It's been happening since I installed it and it only happens on this app so I don't think it's something else.
But the weather is wrong most of the time.
Unfortunately I find that this app is not accurate, at least in the Detroit area. However, the main reason I'm uninstalling is because it doesn't give me hourly forecasts for days later in the week. I'd like to be able to see when, this Monday, it's going to rain specifically instead of "it's going to rain at some point on Monday."
Keeps saying it's 3 months ago when every other app gets it right.
A nice weather app is on the market, the background is changeable, most of the other backgrounds look better! lol The app works well! I really like this, its runs as high as 151mg on running apps, three times Google earth, hope to try again after updates!
It looks good but it would be great if the weather was accurate.
The UI is great, graphics are good. I dislike the radar, there is no pinpoint location so I can only see the big picture, not exactly where I am. Also, I keep getting weird cities as my location. I don't even know where these places are, I assume they're nearby, obviously, but it doesn't help if I'm not familiar with them. Ho hum, I'll try something else.
The widget is cool and i like the interface.  BIG problems w radar.  Doesnt update and is generally 12-24 hrs behind.  If radar isnt functional whats the point
I don't understand why an app line this has only 1 widget option. Surely more layouts are possible. Ads are intrusive in the free version.
I really like the layout and graphics, but the accuracy of the data was very unreliable. at random I compared their temps for several locations to two other popular weather widgets, they were off by ten degrees or more frequently.
Before the last update I would have given this ap 5 stars! Now I am being nice with 2. They have crippled it with ads. I'm not talking about small banner ads. The new ads cover half of the screen. I was trying to view the radar of a huge storm headed to Chicago and had to keep clicking back to get the ad to disappear for a second so I could see the image.
Before the last update I would have given this ap 5 stars! Now I am being nice with 2. They have crippled it with ads. I'm not talking about small banner ads. The new ads cover half of the screen. I was trying to view the radar of a huge storm headed to Chicago and had to keep clicking back to get the ad to disappear for a second so I could see the image.
But not accurate
Was great until stupid adds took up half the page and I couldn't see the radar or read all of the weather alerts. The Disney add is the only one that does it.annoying.dropped down to two stars.
I am in Belgrade, Serbia and this stupid app tells me that I am in Ankara, Turkey... Btw, I love TweetCaster but this app sucks...
Used to be cool, now ads run it. am deleting.so is hubby
The notifications aren't smart. They never get my county right. Please fix
Never works or updates. Nice interface except the radar is junk.
If I have to turn my phone off I have to manually add the widget back in the toolbar by going to the app. Same goes for locations added. It all get erased and you have to add them again. What  happened to this app..updates or ....
I would like the rain view to only show mm rainfall. The app sometimes tells me that Im in Dublin for some reason.  I dont like the widget.  I prefer wetter. as it simply shows me how many mm of rain is estimated for each day.  I dont care for the cheap 1 at the start of the app name.
I don't live in upstate New York. Why is it showing that radar?
Used to love it but just can no longer deal with its inaccuracy. Also it needs hour by hour details not just morning afternoon and evening.
Really nice widget, way better than weather bug or weather channel. Nice easy to follow screens. But, the radar is awful. It's such an important part of a good weather application that it really does knock off 3 stars for me. What if I'm in a storm, or know one is coming? I can't tell where I am, and everything is so blurred. With the amount of free radar info available, and map functionality... Please, put more effort into it.
For months it's been showing max daily temps that are 4-5 degrees off the reality and other sources.  App is ok otherwise.  I switched to weather underground,  they finally have an android app
I want to like this weather app but it is so slow to load I often just give up waiting and use the stock app. Animation stutters.
Nice interface..but that about it.. The weather itself is not even close to be accurate. The app is saying 7 degrees...quite cool.. My outside thermometer says 24 degrees.. Trust me its hot outside..not close to 7 ...real garbage..not worth a dime.
Is not accurate. Weather channel is more accurate. Uninstalled
The desktop widget isn't as nice to look at as the pages that it opens up are.
constant refreshing problems. Widget frequently won't refresh and app often two days or more behind. Shame, because it looks so pretty. Droid X
Thx 4 sd load!
great update! you really carefully read what users were asking you.  LOL. especially our favourite Twitter and Pictures tabs. if we want to look at some random pictures and strange tweets -  weather app is the best place to see it. Widget still not updating its data - even when app finished updating. The app is absolutely useless with JuiceDefender! it just can't update when JD's schedule is hit. Only manual update if you don't have 3g on all the time even while screen off. Developer when will you understan
.. why only blue and black for notification display?  Why not white, or any other array of colours?
Hi, based in UK yet since an update a few weeks ago no longer finds my location correctly. Always comes up with Firth naval base USA ?. Every other app knows exactly where I am except this one :(. Can specify location by turning of GPS
Inaccurate weather warnings and radar, its a pretty app but that's about all it is .
Needs hourly forecasts + UK radar
Worked great until last update now won't boot up
Some ads not kid-friendly.
Drains too much battery, otherwise looks great.
The app identifies I am in east windsor correctly, but shows me weather for east windsor, california, not east windsor, New Jersey - just a few thousand miles off.
Fixed refresh issue, but new Follow Me feature seems to be the culprit of a recent battery drain issue I encountered, which causes the OS to constantly be processing something. Like the location based weather, but had to disable due to the impact to battery life.
Great at first, but now I'm getting alerts for places that are nowhere near me.
Reckoned there was a "slight chance of rain but otherwise quite clear", whilst it was blowing a gale forced wind & lashing down.
Force closes after a few seconds on my Original Droid.   Can't use...
I really did. The UI on this app is amazing, and when it has the right location and updates properly, the information is spot on. Unfortunately, I've had enough problems with it locating me in a city 150 miles away, or refusing to automatically refresh, that I've decided to dump 1Weather. I've communicated my concerns with the developer, who gets back to you very quickly. I'll wait patiently for the next update.
Pretty widget but can't customise much, and very slow to load up forecast.  Not nearly as good as plenty of other UK weather apps out there,
Shows weather alerts for northern WI, I'm down by Milwaukee. Also shows Twitter messages for Germantown MD, not Germantown WI where I am
Radar is spotty and no narrative forecasts. Looks great, but lacks depth of forecasting.
While I like the app in general and did pay for ad free to support the dev efforts I do hope the following is fixed:  The widget needs to reflect current location, this is a standard feature all weather apps need.  Why do I care about the weather 50 miles away?  The main app looks nice but the transitions are very laggy under ICS  There needs to be a few more widget options in size and design.
Like the graphics, but app hasn't updated the temp in 2 days. Even attempted manual updates, but no go!  I have DROIDX2. Uninstalling.
Nice app & worth buying except it is not compatible on my 10.1 Acer tablet. As far as apps go it cost enough to work on all my Android devices, or should.
For Bangalore it shows 3 degrees more !!!
I deleted this app because it constantly gave me weather alerts for the wrong area. It choose an area over 100 mi away to base my alerts instead of an area that is only 30 mi away and would actually be correct. Too annoying for me, otherwise a nice app.
the lack of option to change the background to a solid color or a custom image is just lame! I just want a black background, the images are too distracting!
Used to be amazing but now.keeps saying its 5 degrees above three actual temp
So this app is pretty great for everything except for the very reason i dowloaded it. :/ these weather alerts are so annoying. I get them like every couple hours and they arent even for my location! :( they are for places around me, but i have nvr even recieved one for MY county.
i was very hopeful and patient but my current temp in the status bar was always incorrect even after i emailed the devs and waited a month. my weather alerts were very pesky also and didn't clear the first time.... please fix this app because the design was nice and fresh but info wasn't correct
Not only is it beautiful, it's the most functional weather app on the market.
Good graphics can only count for so much. Been raining in Islamabad, Pakistan for hours. The default HTC weather shows it while this app tells me sunny with passing clouds.
Updates silently fail too often to be trustworthy. The developers are aware of the problem, and once it's fixed this will be a nice app.
The severe weather alerts notify me of surrounding states but do not alert for my county. Fix this and it will be perfect
I liked it until I just got severe weather warning that expired an hour ago. Not very useful if its that late
I was loving this app but it keeps reseting and I have to set my cities and setting again..does it at least once a week...I think ill try it again someother time.
Have the temperature correct AND up-to-date. I guess it is gonna back back to Weather Bug here.
I like the app, but the temp is constantly wrong. I imagine whatever source they are using is probably the culprit. It said 58 degrees when it was 72. Why cant android get a decent weather app?
This is the best looking weather app I've seen but it's let down by being constantly inaccurate - it's currently saying that London is 9 degrees but it's at least 15 degrees outside.
This is a beautiful app. The main page is well designed with great animations, the widget is clean, clear and simple. I even like the temperature in the status bar. BUT- THE TEMPERATURE IS CONSTANTLY 5 OR 6 DEGREES TOO LOW! This totally ruins the app.
Just switched from weather bug. Why is the sun showing at 10:00pm at night in one city (Des Moines, IA) but moon in a city 15 miles away (Altoona, IA)?
Looks nice (mostly). Needs location tracking - have to manually select my location while traveling. Needs option to launch at boot - have to open the app to get the notification to start up when I reboot. Needs an option to change status bar text color - mustard looks bad with all the ICS blue. UPDATE: LOST A STAR for poor implementation of option for status bar text color. Difficult to read on ICS now - blue is the wrong color/too dim.
Best weather app I've seen. Style is so different but its a breath of fresh air :)
The latest update messed up the temperature
While the app looks good, it gives me alerts from across my state of VA.  Has not once gave me an alert for my area with weather bug and the weather Channel.  Just the other side of the state.
This is a very attractive and nicely laid out app. Everything is presented in a very clean and easily understood fashion. I especially liked the way all of the information was presented on the My Locations screen. So why the low score? There is no location tracking. If I want to know what the weather is where I am I have to manually look up that location and then remember to change it again when I go somewhere else. It's mind boggling that it's not included. If they ever add tracking I'll happily come back.
Always displayed a few days behind. I thought it was I just needed to refresh the app.
After using for a week I have to change.  Two things wrong with it.  Update weather takes about a minute to update every single time.  The other is there is no hour by hour weather.
looks nice but we have severe thunderstorms and it reports sunny and mild. fail.
Won't do auto updates. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling, - didn't help. Not sure how accurate the reports are.
App says its 48 and its 57. Uninstalling.
But the widget is horrible deal breaker for me
I tried the app out, liked it a lot. The only problem is that I travel a lot and not having auto location is kind of a pain!
I like this app but the widget is inferior
Nice job!
Looks good, but the forecast is never accurate. It's always off 3 or more degrees.
Needs to be able to update to your current location.
Off by over 10 degrees for my area and checked against two other sources. gave second chance, same results - uninstalling again.  Give option to change weather data source and auto update location on refresh.  Nice to look at though.
Only displays weather for predefined locations, doesn't just locate you and use local weather like other weather apps. This is no good if you travel. The widget has no option to display 5 day forecast, just the current weather. Has loads of potential but isnt there yet.
I like the app and paid to have no ads but temp is off between 5 to 10 degrees. I also only am to get 2 day forecast. Not worth the $1.99 I paid.
It seems that none of the Caribbean islands are available in this app... very disappointing. I will modify my rating when this changes.
This is a gorgeous app, but the information is incorrect, sometimes by wide margins (like 10 degrees). Therefore it's useless. Deleting.
Widjet design no choice to choose from.
It really is free but full of ads.Should be in app description dev's..will stick with palmary weather..
Great app but temp in cairo,egypt is 15 celsius not 57,please fix this issue cause this app deserve 5*
Has some good features but the temperature readings are not accurate.
Great app. Very handy to have.
It's beautiful to look at but so so dumb. It's 15 degrees out but it tells me that it's 7 degrees. I'll stick to the local weather apps for now.
Does not have some important features such as windchill temperature. Will give five stars once it is updated.
Just shows me the blank wood background when I open it however the temp shows on my icon bar fine...odd.
Won't refresh... :(
I have 4g good signal. App won't refresh weather
It can not works well on my phone .
It's fine.  Dont think its anything great
How to change to celcius?
Very beautiful layout and different than other app
No landscape mode.  Large ads.
Nice design, there's a problem where it keeps reverting from celsius to fahrenheit. Some different widgets would be nice too :o)
This app used to be fast. Now I rely on other apps.
Indeed beautiful but inaccurate. Checked two other sources and temp was different. Hence deleting it.
ICS doesn't have a widget. Useless app.
This app would be great if it actually gave the right temperature and not 20 degrees different. Deleting.
App DOES NOT ROTATE with the phone.  Be ready to twist your neck when your android goes horizontal!
App DOES NOT ROTATE with the phone.  Be ready to twist your neck when your android goes horizontal!
Good
No way to update the radar. Still shows radar map from this afternoon.
Who designs these things? The entire app is blue, so why oh why would you use orange for the status bar notification? Uninstalled
I love the look and feel of the app but it need a big update b4 ill use it. Need more widgets, better location acirosy (it cant even find my city and it thinks im in canada when i live in israel) and need a paid version with no adds!
I really like the look and feel of the app, but the accuracy of chance of precipitation and warnings were grossly inaccurate. I live in SE MI, and it was giving me wind warnings in northern IN, not even including the city I live in (3-7). In addition, the chance of rain was almost nothing on 3-7, and it stated 94%. Please fix because I want to use it. Nexus 4SG. Thank you.
Please let us choose our own wallpapers. The stock ones are terribly ugly. Thanks!
Other apps manage perfectly well getting radar etc, but not this one.
Lots of clutter. No thanks
It's not organized in traditional weather visuals. Week forecast is stacked on top of each other, radar isn't centered to my location (Los Angeles), and a lot of bloat that I don't care about.
You added adverts...ruins the look
The forecast is a little off and I keep getting weather warnings from areas that I don't live in
Sometimes I'll lose all my settings after I turn on my phone from airplane mode! Why???
New update adds terrible ugly ad on top of page; why is the ad for for 1Weather? I've already got it installed, why advertise it to tell me I can get it free if I click on the ad? If you have to advertise, do it properly, or don't do it at all.  Also the only available widget is ugly and illegible (terrible 1970s brown/white colour scheme), and does not update correctly. For people outside the US, there is no radar map, which is fine, but at least give us the option to remove that screen, if it's of no use. What's more, the joke about the crazy storm chaser on the severe weather screen gets a bit old: get rid of the screen and only make it visible when there is a real risk of severe weather. All in all, not the best weather app, I'm uninstalling it for now, may reconsider at a later date.
Good app, love the widget, BUT it doesn't  auto update/sync right. The last update didn't fix anything. The temperature is "kind of" accurate "at times," sometimes I have to click on the widget to get the latest temperature update. The widget even when I try to refresh it, sometimes in the middle of the night it still has the partly sunny image, but has the right temperature. This is the only app that I have that doesn't work right. Please fix.
I would like to see the actual temp in the notification bar. I could care less about the "feels like" temp. Retarded. Not accurate either. Uninstalled
Slick interface, accurate weather information, awesome widget, cool animations in the app, easy to use, what more do you want?
I love this app.  I have tried most others and this is my favorite.  I love the precipitation page. Very clean interface.
Needs app2sd... Otherwise 5 stars
Weather sometimes is a day behind for me HTC inc 2.  Today is Wednesday and it still shows Tuesday weather even after refresh
Clouds but says its clear
Nice app but slow to open, slow and widget don't work correctly on my Galaxy Nexus with Android 4.0.2 :-(
My phone is Galaxy S3. First of all app is freezing a lot, caused couple crashes and that is disappointing. It MUST WORK SMOOTH when you scrolling through  the app. One thing about Apple - their rigorous quality control wont approve any raw app to reach their market. Especially one that you HAVE TO PAY for. Once you start asking money for it, it better be perfect. Second thing is widget, not an issue but makes me feel uncomfortable. In my opinion it needs better look, BETTER THAN ORIGINAL. It does not make any sense to pay for it or even have it for free if it's not. Widget should be bigger (I need glasses to see what's on it) and more informative (at least include the clock). Round shape falls out of the phone's style (i never seen round phones). I need glasses to see what's on it. Hope you are going to update it soon.
I loved the look of this app from the start, and it has amazing features that I couldn't get from the weather network.  The problem spots are the alert system and fallacious weather reports. Granted, the information was never hugely outside the usual variance, but I got more reliable info from the dinky Weather Network app. Push comes to shove, that's what I need.
Wheres the update? Would like to resize the widget, work with tablets, better radar, etc.
I have been using the paid version of 1weather for several months. I like the UX. But its a little sluggish on my S3. It definitely needs to be optimized and polished. I'm not using a cheap phone so I know its the app that needs to be fixed. I contacted the developer for adding more colors under  "Status bar text color" options. It needs to have a greyish color to match the rest of the look and feel of ICS. That happened back in May and now its August. Developer was prompt at replying back but never added the color. No update for almost 3 months. Is anyone even looking at it? So 3 stars for now, if an update fixes the smoothness issue I'd add one more star, and if the color option on the status bar gets grey on the list, I'd add one more. For now I'm being super generous with 3 stars. !! Adios
It has ads.  I would pay for an ad free version.  Uninstalled.
Ok
I use to love this app.....when i could actually use it. The only thing it does now is forceclose. Havent been able to access the app for a couple of days. Plz fix and i will change my rating.
So lag
1Louder could improve this app by offering more widget options like a 4 x 1  or 4 x 2 setup rather than the 2 x 2 setup we are forced to use right now.  If this changes, I will come back.  Until then, I will use the GO Weather widget.
Would be nice if widget was 4x3 to use as a home screen with bigger time.
I gave this five stars but lately it won't refresh even on Wi-Fi.
The app design is unique and an improvement on most weather apps. The only negative aspect is the radar. Poor graphics and limit zoom are major drawbacks.
4 stars until displays the local  time in the current city, specially for different time zones.    A problem refreshing cities, I have to enter each one to get a refresh.
Please update the design pattern it doesn't look good on devices with ICS and Jelly Bean. Three stars until developer updates the app.
...why that? after the "in app purchase", uninstalled and installed again and the ads were back. and why posting those beautiful weather pics if we can't use them as wallpaper or something?
I'd like to see ICS / jb blue incorperated in this since theres only the option for blue or black in the status bar... also would be nice to be able to add custom wallpaper or disable it all together.. lastly a audible severe weather alarm would be great we get a lot of dust storms here and it'd be nice to know they're coming  Oh and please fix the status bar notification please make the BG of the notification the system default rather than all black it doesn't always match the default ui :(
Wouldn't buy it, toooo many annoying aspects like tweets and pics that feel thrown together. Give us weather data not crud like that. Main 7 day page works well though.
Nice layout, but the app does not follow me even it is checked.  Has to add town/city each time I move around.  Pls fix.  Has potential...
Is there a way to remove the date from the widget? I already know my date, its just cluttering up the otherwise beautiful widget
I can see why this group is considered as top developers.  Quite a massive upgrade from Weather bug.  Reserving 5 stars until there is a homescreen widget.      The notification UI is not needed for jelly bean it would be great to use the native UI (holo)
Yes this is one of the more visually appealing weather apps. But I don't know where it gets it's temperature readings because it's a 7 degree difference between this one and my weather bug app. Forecast aren't even close when compared and I feel that weather bug does a great job and is fairly close with forecasts
Downloaded this because I use to use tweet Caster and the devs always update and listen to consumers. Now my only gripes are that I cannot customize the widget (brown is just ugly) not just the color but size/shape and lastly the radar within the app seems so unresponsive.
Gorgeous app, but can you please provide a better looking widget?? If the widget was similar to the app look and layout... 5 ★s all the way! I hope that's next in a future update...
When trying to use radar it either gets stuck and does not open or reflects radar images from days ago - not sure why there is no refresh button to get the latest information.
Nice apparently but it doesn't keep the widget on my screen when it updates. Also it erases all locations so you have to start over after each update.
PLEASE allow the option to pay to remove adds. I hate adds. I always pay if I have the option.
Hit or miss radar halfway works half the time I get the uv radar instead of the actual racer, and it s not like it will let me change either and that's the paid version . Keep ur money just use the free one .
It's pretty laggy on my sg2, even though it looks like it should be more light weight than BeWeather which runs great. Also the ads are buggy (maybe because I use adfree) they pop up really slow and the whole interface moves around. And the jokes in the app make it seem unprofessional. Unless your some kind of crazy storm chaser? Sorry but I like using software made by boring people with no personality.
Pretty but gives useless irrelevant weather alerts for my area (NYC).
Is Nexus 7 / tablet support coming?  This app was great on my phone.  Would like to have it on my tablet.
In my area this is wonderful.
Great weather app. I like the widget and pretty much everything except the ads. Once it took up half the screen and today I had some porno ads. Not cool.
I want to love this app, but the temperature hasn't been accurate too often. Beautiful UI, but it has to be accurate, too.
I really love this app and find it to be one of the more accurate weather apps. One complaint I have is that it always names my location as 'Brennan' when I live nowhere near a place called 'Brennan'.
No 4x1 or 4x2 widget. Animation shows sunny even for night time. Is it a joke? Sadly this app has a lot of potential but It's a pain to use.. I would recommend that you spend your money on other better app.
Works ok but having some trouble finding towns and cities in my area as it seems to only give in other areas, hope to see more places with the same names in future updates, thanks .in advance!
Terrible time updating, including the radar. Tried on 4g and WiFi. Beautiful app but does not stay up to date.
I really do love this app, although lately it has been laggy to the point of asking for a force close. Not sure what the issue is, but it is annoying.
The animations cause stutter when you move around in the app . So please either improve performance or provide toggle to turn off animations
An absolutely beautifully interface and mostly very functional, but it is the highest battery drain other than the OS and as several others have said the follow location is a bit buggy.   I am excited to watch this app mature and will become a pro user if it's ever offered.
Good software needs alert sound added then 5 stars.
Great weather app! More widget would be good Recent freezes.... 2 star minus
My only issue is the radar map shows 100 miles east of my location even though the gps recognizes me in my town.
Pretty nice, lets you change precipitation or humidity to uv index etc, only wish you could add more then three. 3/5 because nothing is ever perfect and there is always room for improvement
The forecast has been way too off in the last two days.
Nice widget, but nearly useless with non US locations.
I really like this app, but when I try to set my current location, it insists that I am in St. George, Australia rather than St.George, Ut. A manual search yields no results for St. George, Ut.
Generally this is a fabulous app with an excellent design that is very easy to use. All in all very complete. The problem I have is that it consistently reports my location at work as being about 20kms south of where I actually am. I don't have a clue why as other location-based apps, including other weather apps, work ok.  Update: more location woes. I'm in southern Spain but it gives me the weather forecast and radar image for somewhere in Alabama!!
i updated my rom on my samsung infuse and now im not able to get a widget on the home screen?
The app resets when I reboot my phone. Settings reset, location not saved. Hope this will be fixed soon.
Radar function is a fail...
This app looks great and has a very intuitive interface.  However, without hourly weather, it's useless for me.  Where is the hourly forecast?
This app while great kills the battery on my galaxy nexus the most out of any app. According to the app called carat so I have to uninstall
I love this app for my Droid phone... and would give the app 5 stars in a heartbeat, but low and behold it is incompatible with my new Thrive tablet. It makes no sense to me to have it work for one and not the other. Fix that one thing and I'll pay money for it! :-)
and it has all the information a good weather app needs. I love the graphics as well. However, the widget never updates the weather!
Very nice looking but after monitoring the results it appears to be inaccurate at least for my location.
Almost everything is looking great now after the update. The weather map really needs to be changed though. It isn't nearly as nice as the weatherbug app's where I can literally see the radar level down to my block.
I don't know why it's so hard to get a weather app right.  This and Weather Flow look wonderful but little annoyances take away from the overall experience.   Here the temperature is off by ten to fifteen degrees. I have no syncing going on but the app still feels the need to constantly be running in the foreground.  I paid for the Pro version so I don't know what it is.  More backgrounds like the default one would be much preferred over the nature settings that are generically found in every other weather.
Nice weather App, the radar could be a little more user friendly. My biggest beef is getting weather alerts for counties on the other side of the state (Michigan). That and Tweets don't relate to the correct city, they're for a city with a similar my as mine. but it is a nice app, it has not crashed or forced closed on me yet.
Would be 5 stars if I didn't have to find the *. Apk on xda! Get with it! The galaxy note has sold 7 million units!
Needs bug fixes for samsung fascinate
It looks nice but all those graphics make it a slow app and I find myself hunting for the weather through several screens and animations. Uses too much Barry even when closed.   Uninstalled sorry.
Love It
Twitter and the photo does not need :-(
This app could be one of the best weather apps if the developer would take some time to fix a few things : 1. The widget is the only reason I bought this app. It doesn't refresh at all. You have to keep updating the weather from the main app until it finally refreshes.  2. When the app updates the weather automatically, the weather logo and conditions don't show and you end up with a question mark. This is true for the widget and the persistent notification.  3. Needs HD live wallpapers in the app itself.
The temperature side of the widget always say N/A until I open the app and it updates...
I keep getting severe weather alerts that are not for my area, so I had to turn them off. Other than that it's a great app.
Really like this app but the latest half screen Disney ad is really annoying. I don't mind the ads but this one seriously takes up half my screen. Can you size it down? Otherwise great.
Please other color option for notification bar and widget, only thing missing to be the most beautiful app on the market.thanks
I like it I use it in Lake Michigan wil be better,get the  Marin report and five starsss is yours.   M. S.
Liked it at first. Radar is behind, no detailed data, no heat index. Going back to weatherbug
Radar freezes way too much. Just sits and loads. Disappointed.
First time it got the location right but after that I'm always on riverside USA.
This is a gorgeous app! But it's widget, which I would hazard a guess as being the main approach that users would hire the weather needs to be able to update its location to show you the local weather. I can't wait to see this continue developing! *update - now track location on widget +star **update - location tracker insists I'm in America rather than England and widget doesn't update when weather location on app is changed manually and have to change widget too
The follow my location feature has not been working correctly for the past few weeks. Customer support was very responsive, but the updates  they said they issued did not fix the problem.
It doesn't give indepth detail to weather forecast
At least 3 times a week it gives me weather warnings for some place called Annapolis naval base. I live  in UK Norwich tho...
Where is the widget?  Motorola defy
After finding this app from a review which offered high praise, I'm rather disappointed. Albiet being free, with I assume paid options to remove ads, it obviously hasn't been geared for a wider market outside of the USA, lacking the ability to utilise location properly and took 3 attempts that slowly loaded my searched location in Sydney, Australia. The only option for Metric was the Wind Speed - useful? The app does look nice, but lags even on my GT-I9300 ... radars don't work, some quirky screens which are a nice concept, twitter functionality is useless and a waste of my bandwidth and top images finally loaded up as I was finishing up this review, another waste of bandwidth. The widget seemed to work fine in it's 2x2 but there's a lot of a promise and I hope to see some positive changes in the future!
Doesn't tell you real feel temperature and a battery drainer.
Overall I love the look and interface on this app.  It would get a 5 star, but on several occasions during storms the radar is over 2 hours old and won't update. Even manually refreshing doesn't work.
Notification Icon and widget never update unless app is opened, which totally defeats all purpose of them.
Its pretty good and decent, one though is that I keep getting one temperature on the widget, one for the notification bar,  and one in the app 3 different temps.
I refresh app it appears for 5 minutes then dissapears if you fix this 5 stars
With me working outside i need a reliable weather app. So really i shud av got an iphone, that really hurts to say that but unfortunately its the truth untill all these people who make Android apps stop filling us with false hopes !! I have a Samsung Galaxy Sll running Gingerbread (still) more than adequate, but it insist i live 7 miles away from where i do & it constantly updates even though ive got it set on 3 hours. The weather app on my sons iphone is bang on. Try The Weather Channel app.
Cool app but all these permissions? Unique device ID#? Your phone #? There are apps out there that detect these unnecessary permissions, and YOU have been found out. NOT COOL. Goodbye...
It's ok...
Even after app is open and updated.
I live in Illinois and for the past 2 days it's giving me weather warnings for Nebraska and Ohio! If it's not fixed soon I'm uninstalling :(
I loved it until the update. Now the temperature is always off by at least 20 degrees.
I've set the update interval but it doesn't seems to update automatically with network online. Otherwise it is a good wheather app.
Great
The app is getting there! But I'm really not a fan of the tweet and pic part. And I'm outside the USA so radar is blank and useless too. Please give us the option to disable some of these tabs from appearing! I'm sure it would speed up the app too as there will be only the actual weather data downloading, and not irrelevant pictures of puppies and old people.
Not a bad app,seen better.
It has an ”urgent weather warning” almost every day.  most of them are for counties far, far away from me. These are pretty annoying. Other than that (and the pointless tweets section), it's pretty and mostly reliable weather info.
App looks great, works great... but please let us disable/remove any of the "tabs" we don't want.. twitter and local photos are a waste of my phones resources.. thanks
It looks nice and seems accurate, but location services can be pretty wonky at times. It insists I'm in Bel-Aire Heights...wherever that is.
Good readability, accurate. Social features are bloat ofc. Decision to limit you to 3 secondary data types out of 6 available is inexplicable. Easily enough room for all. Pressure tendency would be far more useful than a numeric constant.
Pretty app, but please stop over- thinking its development. Need a way to show weather in pull down notification OR status bar. It's just silly to have it in both. Radar from 2 hours ago does not help me nav a storm now. Twitter and photos are pointless. Pretty app though. Didn't notice any changes in last update. Not sorry I paid, but will be cautious about buying from developer in the future. An app has to be more than pretty.
But it needs more widget options... Of more Widgets are added this will be a 5 star app
Absolutly excellent!
Most weather apps provide current conditions and forecasts...the best ones show accurate to radar so you can see how conditions are developing.  I found this app's radar images to be inaccurate e.g. showed rain in the area after it cleared long ago and clear while raining.  The radar images seem to be older than the timestamp indicates.  Going back to WeatherBug.
But I have to agree with others on here, and say that it is lacking in choices for widgets and customization features. I'd pay after such improvements were added. :)
Good little app. None of the issues with Weather Bug. Only negative is getting weather alerts for other locations that have the name as my home location.
Swiping to different menus is a task if the dev can improve swiping  I will purchase the app. If not free will do
This app looks nice but did not perform well. Slow to load and I had a number of crashes. Severe weather alerts were constant, but not even close to my area.
Fast and simple good app.
Nice apps. Layout is amazing but its displaying the wrong city and I'm constantly refreshing or putting in my zip code. Needs to work on better pin point of location.
Uninstalled due to the radar. Radar is awful.
Why when I open the app does it always get my gps location even though I dont have set to use gps? GPS should not be activating at all. Please fix.
I guess its ok haven't had it long enough to give good rateing.
I love the look and feel of this app, but the weather info often seems a bit dated, and the radar is routinely an hour or more behind. It will show clear skies when it's pouring outside, and refreshing doesn't help.
Loved the app, but lagginess, only 1 city in Iowa showing on radar (and not even mine), and getting alerts for the whole state that don't even involve counties near mine turned me off of it... Gnex
It comes in very handy, due my job requires me to observe the weather on a regular basis.
It is a great looking app with many features I like, but the weather forecast is just too inaccurate.   I find even the current weather to be inaccurate by too large a margin of acceptable error.
Looks greate but menu's lock and update of radar is painfully slow.  No ability to zoom or animate radar.   Going back to another app.
Ok I really like this app. It is gorgeous, but what is up with the widget?  That brown is ugly. Should be blue like the rest of the app or customizable.
Cool
Radar is off. Beautiful app but needs to be reliable. Especially in tornado season.
It's a pretty good weather app. App seems a little slow though. Widget works great! Thanks for removing that permission in this update, but please don't replace with TWO NEW PERMISSIONS like you did.
After the recent update I get a question mark instead of the current weather condition on the widget. Need to open the app to show it. Also the new update asks for access to private logs on the phone, most likely for advertisement purposes. So the two main reasons I liked this app over other weather apps, informative and cool-looking widget and limited access to private information, are gone.
This is a nice weather app with some unique features like moon phase. I would like to see the weather alerts parsed a little better. Can be hard to tell what the alert is about.
how about not to embed too many background pictures, instead make it customizable and let user choose their desired backgrounds?
weather not rich as accuweather. You can't get small area weather but nice widget
I live in Salem, WI but the gps and search (using my zip code) always defaults to Salem,  OR where the weather almost always radically different.  Otherwise it is a beautiful app.
Great app. Please add the option to change the color of the widget. Until then, 3 stars.
Better looking  widget is needed.
Needs some better Widgets for sure!
Goog
I have become very careful about apps I install. The developer says that they need the new permission access to gather logs for de-bugging the software. My other apps don't ask for that level of access, but surely those developers have to continue to improve their software. There must be a better way. I'll stick with the current version. Still like it.
I like the much smaller footprint and move to SD card... but, widget disappears when you do that. Also, still a bit slow. Glad to have follow location though!
5 Stars if/when support for location & temperature in notification drop down is added. Galaxy Nexus LTE.
Just paid for the app but reserve my 5 stars because I think it should not have limited the number of choice in layout for paid user. Room for improvement there.
Does what it says on the can.
Great visuals with this app. Just a gorgeous UI and widget. Only complaint is slow refresh of data. On an extended forecast, I also like to see the chance for precipitation, and not have to go to another screen. Only things stopping me from giving 5 stars.
Nice animations and graphics but not the most accurate compared to other weather applications. Also doesn't have the feature to update your location when you move city.
It really us one of the best weather widgets out there, but there ALWAYS seems to be some kind of urgent weather advisory.. which is nothing more than "slick roads due to rain".  Please let me disable this notification on the widget. The huge red triangle ruins the sleek appeal of the widget, and it is in a terrible location as well.
This is a nice app except for the radar feature. It doesn't update in a timely manner. Not good when storms blow thru & you can't see what is happening. Fix this issue & you'll get your stars back...
It has a good layout and great information, but lacks advisory & watch alerts.  Only has severe alerts.  Sometimes there is a lag on temperature updates.  It's nice...
.
Nice looking and very smooth but weather info not very accurate  (Melbourne, FL). Also, radar map usually an hour or more behind.
Wanted: automatic startup and ability to disable features. Refreshing takes forever even over wireless. Also on ICS the notification bar doesn't fit in with black background if there are other notifications.
I really like the UI but don't like the widget options (no geolocation update). Also no app2SD.
However the temps are often off slightly and it doesn't always refresh to the newest info. For example at 11:30pm showing the current conditions as mostly sunny.
I don't understand what it shows...
This is a great app.  Easy to read and use.  Great idea with the temp in the notification bar.  Only reason I rated 3 star and not a 4 or 5 star is battery drain.
Really nice looking app but a real draw back for me was the fact that it only has one size widget, 2x2. They really drop the ball on that. It really needs more options like a 1x4 size widget.
But rubbish widget.
I wish they had a nicer widget.
The widget, I would guess, is probably how the majority of users will utilize this app and it fails to deliver. The widget should show information based on current location and should offer options that aren't so cluttered. The app interface is nice and it conveys information well.
The app itself is very nice. I want a Widget and Alerts that report based on where I am at. Don't want to have to manually select a single location for my widget.
Let me just say that I bought the Pro version. That is how much I like the app. The application itself lags badly, at least on Galaxy Nexus. My hardware should be able to run this app smoothly. And please make the wallpapers more high-def :) After lagfix, 5 star app!
Really like this app. Just a shame it uses so much battery power. :-(
Not supported in trinidad and tobago anf suriname. Hope it will in next update.
This app was working wonderfully then it just stopped. Tried reinstalling, rebooting phone..ect and it still won't work. Enjoyed it while it was working...
In my area today there was a lot of weather activity, and while the alerts were good, there were times, like now, that this apps radar was completely inaccurate. That is a deal breaker.
This is a great weather app and UI is incredible, but it only has all weather related maps, graphs, and charts for the US which doesn't help when you live outside the US.
This app does not support  your currently position feature. If you are traveling temperature isn't accurate.
Works as expected. Seems accurate. I like it.
It would be nice if you could customize what alerts you would get.  For example, it will be cold tonight is not an alert I need.
Weather alerts for wrong area.
It's great that you added a blue option to the status bar, but could you change the blue colour in the notification window to match the standard ICS blue? Bothers me that it's just that bit different underneath the dividing line.
Nice lil app.!
And those are quite nasty! Fix them.
Keeps great track of the weather...
It's beautiful and has a fun layout but the wind is trying to rip our home off it's foundation and the app says it's 9mph...  I'm sure not :/  I'll be keeping a close eye on it to see how it compares with other weather reporting info.
Nice App however the only problem I found is the shape, size and appearance of the widget with the app. First of all it is small and then it is round, which really doesnt go with shapes of other widgets and screen appearance changes (ODD ONE OUT but tiny). Rest everything is fine with the app. All the information provided is pretty much accurate..please change the size and shape of the widget and this would be the number one app....
But it lags on transition from page to page choppy please fix
No auto locate feature! Have to manually input every town your in and select manually. Would be awesome if not for that.
Refresh is slow compared to other weather apps and I don't like the widget. One positive is the animated radar.
Nice
If only the info would match actual weather
cool but missed 1 line widget 5 days forecast and multi channels whether to choose from google or yahoo in example, or some other rss from locals.
It looks nice, and it's very user friendly and interactive. But the temperature is either too high or too low. Once it's more accurate, I'll reinstall :)
Radar is horrible and so is the refresh rate. No matter how you set it. Everything else is perfect.
Too frequently imprecise, e.g., jumps from -1 to -4, eventhough the t is going up. Will wait for more mature iteration. Uninstall.  P.s. Visually very nice.
Problems since last update; estimated a week's worth of temps at about 158° F until I restarted my DX, and since iy has never changed from 70-73 (has actually ranged from 40-79ish).
Very pretty app that gives you the information at a glance, wish it could be a tad faster though.  So far appears to be accurate and working well.
Says it sunny w no rain then rain storm pours THEN after it rains the warning will show! Would like the warning to show before storm not after!;+0
I thought this app would be awesome but half the time it doesnt load, its pretty and has a lot to it when it isnt glitching, but the bugs need worked out of it
I liked everything, but it drained my battery just a few hours, had to remove (motorola photon)
Would be way better if it updated my location.  Or if the sun would turn into a moon when it got dark.  The sun stays up all night.
For me, this is seldom acurate with the temp and the radar runs 10 mins. to 1 hour and 35 mins. behind. A lot can happen in 10 mins. A storm chaser wouldn't find it helpful. Otherwise it's pretty cool and I'm going to be patient as I have faith in the creators abilities and drive.
I live in Bedford UK but most of the tweets are from Bedford US. No radar maps for UK either. Quite inaccurate at times. Looks nice but not fully functional. No option to turn off the temp on notification bar, I don't need it!
Apparently the whole app stops working if there's a problem with the ad server. That's a pretty major problem. Needs to have an ad free paid version.
Certain locations like Kabul Afghanistan have no weather stations, giving completely incorrect readings.
It keeps saying the temperature at the moment is unavailable! Even after keeps refreshing!
Preety cool app. Does not seem to update regularly but hey it is free
But degrees are off 3-5
Nice app, but would love to choose custom backgrounds or solid colors.  I just want plain black.  Refresh is pretty slow compared to other weather apps.
Not very accurate
After the last update the app became uglier - font became too large, don't like blue color neither.
doesn't get the locations right in australia!!!! nevertheless....awesome app
Scrolling through columns is quite laggy (like 10 FPS) in ICS.  Otherwise it's great.
Needs. Better radar view otherwise the best app ive seen
5-star once we can get widget sizes like 4x2 or 4x4 or 4x3 etcetera. Also, the temperature is always a little bit off, by like 2-3 degrees celsius.
Low on settings
3/5 because of the following: 1. Its a battery killer, I used to charge my galaxy every 3 days and now down to every day. 2. It lacks auto location feature that means you must manually add each new location you are at and then select it from the options menu. Too much work  ; )  These issues degrade user experience a lot.  In general this app has a great interface and nice layout so I suggest everyone to try and go pro only when they take care points I mentioned.
An option to not have the twitter and weather pics. Sucks up extra bandwidth and time on my slow connection.
The widget needs more customization. Everything else, is great.
Needs the ability to change the status notification color as well as a location tracker.
It sucks the life out of my battery twice as fast as other apps, so for that reason I am uninstalling.
Temperature is off. Not sure if it's always been that way or just happened after last update, but temperature is 8 to 10 degrees off. Almost bought ad free version. Will have to wait to see if issue is fixed.
Worked fine untill the last update, now the notification icon is too dark and streched. Please fix. Galaxy Nexus
AccuWeather is more accurate then this, it say rain mean rain but 1weather always show cloudy. refreshing always slow.
Latest update on 22 MAR 2012 has caused temperature to report around 60deg too high
Great app, easy 2 use..
Beautiful and smooth running interface, my favorite yet, but the refresh interval doesn't always seem to work. How do you set a location as default? The map preview should center on your location. The map preview is very low res.
Pretty cool app !
The data seems pretty consistently off, for me. Especially the 24 hour forecast: it always tells me that it will be hottest at 5 in the morning and coolest in the afternoon.
Had to UN install.. The radar was to old to be use full. Radar needs to be more current then two hours behind...
Great app
Looks very cool, the widget however is not that attractive and is overcrowded with useless information and takes a VERY LONG TIME to update the weather.
Really, it is quite strange to encounter a weather app as polished and well-made as this that failed to include a feature that allows you to see the weather wherever you happen to be. It picks up your location when you start and then you have to change it manually.
Without ads
Overall its a fairly attractive app (minus the ads of course). The weather related tweet portion appears to only use the town name so is prone to picking up tweets not related to your area if there's similarly named location elsewhere. Radar controls are a bit clunky, too.
A few tweeks would be nice. First and foremost a 2x1 widget please. An option to get rid of tweets and weather pictures (can't imagine EVER using this).outside of that its wonderful.
Simple looks good. Wish it had a widget hopefully soon in a update. Using Galaxy Nexus unlocked.
If you're in the UK get the met office app instead. Doesn't look as pretty but does a better job and no ads.
Radar not very good
Still runs in background even if auto updating is disabled. Radar could be improved - map isn't as clear as other weather apps and is delayed.
Those of us who commute or travel need auto-location. A person can always check it for any location manually, as you can in any weather app. My interest is the current weather wherever I am.  This has a very nice interface and detailed information. Just don't expect it to know where you are when it refreshes the weather status. Would give it 5 stars for usefulness if it had auto-location.
Very nice beginning, nice widget design and clean interface....the widget or severe warnings don't update unless I open app directly.....epic 4g touch
I find that the radar maps are always one hour behind and the local temps are never accurate.  Love the UI.  Going to wait for a fix before giving
I'm still not convinced about it yet.I've tried a few
This app lag on my phone when paging through the different screens and no Radar for Europe. HTC Desire S  CM9 4.0.3
This weather app is ok I still think weather bug is a better app.
Needs a paid version with no ads and I'd probably use it regularly.
I like the UI for the most part - nice free little app. Seems useful & fairly accurate although I do not live where severe weather is frequent. I could really do without the tweets page as it is completely useless.
I think NOT.... no radar outside USA considers metric to be NON English? WTF? ...Good idea but lacks substance in its claims...so if you are In USA its fine otherwise forget it ...oh and i didn't even recognize my town!
The only thing I didn't like is that we can't change farnheight to census.
Would be 5 stars if the sunset was accurate.  For some reason it is an hour off. Please fix this.
It's got some nice features, but not as many as weather bug. The radar sucks. Looks really nice though.
This app looks absolutely awesome. It's definitely the nicest looking weather app there is, but it loads slow on 3G and the radar view isn't near as nice as something from WeatherChannel or Accuweather
I like the app, but it takes too long to load everytime . Usually a good 10-15 sec.
Wish it had hourly reports.
The radar feature is horrible. It seems to be off by at least a few hours and occasional I've seen it off by almost 10 hours. If you care about seeing updated and useful radar information, you know like an approaching storm then skip 1Weather.
Nice. Needs more international information.
Has everything you need, no clutter, fast, accurate
Nice looking except for radar, I wish you could turn off the satellite layer, and... uh...Tweets? Really? Whatever...
It is ok . But not correct for middle east.... Weather here is very dusty & windy.. It is showing pleasent
Why is there always a chance of precipitation but rain is never in the forecast. It's confusing.
Exactly the same functionality as 99% of all other weather apps. This one is just prettier.  Not bad.
There are enough decent weather apps that this one will not be missed. Fails to update regularly and the ads are just obnoxious. A little power hungry too.  Why don't you show screenshots of this actual free version WITH the ads?
I like this app but have found that its not as accurate as my other weather apps. The temperature , etc. is always a bit off. I love the layout more so than I do any of my other weather apps. I think with a few tweaks it would be a top notch app.
I think the widget fails in terms of look and functionality. The app also has no radar maps outside of the US. Uninstall.
Nice and user friendly app but love to see more animation to make it outstanding.
The app is ok.  Its Doppler radar is poor quality.  And the info is a little off, but other wise is a good app.  So 3 stars.
Refreshing take on weather app. Nice graphics, easy to use interface and a unique widget style.
Have just downloaded and had a play, but to be honest it's a bit too complicated. I like more information than not, but the app is too cluttered for me and not very straight forward. Sticking with the stock standard weather app for the while.
Please add Aussie Radar!
Temperatures are in F in English mode. To display them in C, you select Metric mode which then puts speeds in km/h. Rubbish, uninstalling. English (UK) weather uses C and mph. F is meaningless, no TV forecast uses it.
I travel a lot for work so would love to have a weather app that would automatically push my location open opening.  Other then that it is great app and would buy pro in a heartbeat if this function was added.
Really like the idea, design and just about everything but it really sucks this app is only really compatible with the USA... I live in Germany and the thing is always forgetting my location or failing to update...
Needs bigger home screen widget
Great app but temp only in Fahrenheit,  needs centigrade and would be worth a purchase!
I like the supplied information, but the most important one for me is the next 24hr view which still needs work ( see nexus s stock whether widget). It also lacks widgets. I am tired of buying weather apps that constantly are missing something I need.
Could use more configuration options.  Single 2x2 widget with no customization makes it 3 stars.  Otherwise maybe 4.
This application is cool and best compared to other weather applications but i am not at all satisfied with 2x2 circle widget... If they add more widgets with style and size i will rate 5
Ok apps
Doesn't let me use mph & celsius together (am in England). Framerate and response times not up to par. Great design though. Desire HD.
Works good. Different. Wish weather radar map was more expanded with pinch to zoom out. Otherwise nice.
Slow performance on high end device, ad-supported version is an aesthetic abomination...
very nice looking app. This thing did drain my battery down in a very short time tho.  I uninstalled due to that fact.
Nice, but needs the ability to follow your location & get hour-by-hour level detail for 5*
Says outside temp right now is 60F, yet actual outside temp is 68F. Also, since installing this amp my battery life has been slashed very noticeably. Unistalling, going back to WeatherBug.
Sadly it couldnt be shown in degree celcius :( but its accurate though :)
Needs customization options. Widget is fugly.
Impressive UI; poor radar and ugly widget. They should make a widget that looks like the app, itself.
Really nice smooth app but dont like how small widget is... But no problems
Weather conditions constant to location originated...  Doesn't indicate weather if travel outside of that area... Nice features... HTC EVO 3D... Plz update, for higher ratings
Wish it tracked my location.
Shows wrong weather!
I like this, but other locations does not work most of time. If it does, very eratic and some location icons do not appear and/or fully appear.
Nice app, but if it has no radar for Holland its pretty useless for me since it rains a lot here. Add that and app2SD and its worth 5 stars!
I love the minimalistic look but scrolling just kills it for me. Could be the resolution.
Great app so far only hade it a day. But hopefully I can come back n give it five stars
Works great would give more stars if the widget looked better. The circle widget is kinda crappy.
Great app
It looks great, and I love the current temp that displays on the notification bar, but it burns up the battery.
Except the radar data is from 5 hours ago.. It's currently 1:30 PM & the radar is from 6:50AM to 8:50AM.. And it wont update.. Which sucks cause other than that I really like this app.. PLEASE FIX!!!!
cool.....
But always with the freakin ads...
Looks great,but temp is never correct, always lagging behind current temp.
Well I've seen better weather aps.-1 star for not having radar Data for Europe and another star for battery drain.
The weather is foggy but app says sunshine even after refresh.
Nice..
Widget won't refresh. SGS2.
The app is clean and beautiful and has a lot of really useful features. My only complaint is that it doesn't update your location. You have to manually add places to follow weather. Hopefully the dev will add support for geolocation updates. Then I'll reinstall.
Liked the content & animations and widget is nice also. Would be better w/ choice to use custom backgrounds
Keeps crashing, not getting info for toronto, it's a big city, a LOT of info!! Lol fix & i may buy pro
Great app, fast and simple, only complaint is that if you don't turn off the auto refresh it can rly drain your battery fast.
I've only had this for a day so I can't yet comment on accuracy.  Overall I like the look and the info that's available.  BUT, the widget needs work.  It looks very nice and they cram a lot into a 2x2.  Unfortunately they chose the wrong stuff to cram in.  I would MUCH rather have a quick look at a few days out (even just tomorrow) instead of lengthy details about my location, the date, etc.
Units are English or metric! And only in F, no C. Think i prefer the weather channel app.
Add toggle
Nice interface, backend needs revamp, battery murderer.
Good app just needs update on the map part then it would be better
Improve the performance when scrolling!!!!!
Very good
Better widget please
Asking to rate and apply after just two uses? What's that about? It tells the weather just like promised.
Not a bad start
I like it!! From peru here. Nice and smooth.
This is a great app. Much more visually pleasing than most. Has a very fluid ui. But it's hard to read the hourly, and hard to find, plus the maps are horrible looking. So pixilated! Especially when you zoom in. Please update soon!
Looks ok
Good, looks nice, but needs more support for UK cities and data. And please release an ad-free version
Let it shine.
Nice...
Simply amazing. Looks beautiful too! Notification bar status looks great on ICS. BUT, should allow for us to choose our own background and should be cheaper to remove ads! Also needs bigger widget options and also the option to have rectangular widget instead of circular
Weather condition of widget doesn't work.  Show not available until manually updates. Looks good but not convenient.
This app is super laggy. If it was smoother would definitely buy it.
Still prefer weatherbug, decent UI but lacks certain customization (like status bar icon). Tons of potential nonetheless.
Too much useless info, who need tweets and pictures in their weather app? The colorful background make it hard to read, i rather have plain black background. Need more widget skins.
Great weather app, but it needs the ability to change the widget background color. The brown doesn't always look good.
Even this is the paid app.. I'm all getting advertisements!
Will be perfect if they integrate with the Australian bureau of meteorology!
I like this weather app very much but the widget still does not get refresh even after the latest app update. From Moto Atrix.
Good so far.
Nothing special, and tried to place me in America.
No widget on nexus
I would buy the add-less version if it wasn't for the delay.  The weather is typically a couple of hours behind actual right after a manual refresh. Because of this, temperature can be 8-10 degrees off each morning and evening.  When this gets fixed I'm going for the add-less version.
But ugly widget. I'd like more options for widgets, please.
Bit of a battery drain. Other than that a decent weather app. I drain my phone enough. I dont need more help
Needs my location
Simple and does what you need
It is has a very nice looking interface, but I was getting incorrect values for my location, I don´t mean 1 or 2 degrees C, it was over 10 degrees different from other weather apps. It also seemed to consume more battery than other weather widgets I have. Finally, not a problem but would like to see more widget layouts.
No way to update the radar. Still shows radar map from this afternoon.
This is one of the best looking weather apps, but the widget is the most stupid and ugly thing I have seen for Android.
Looks nice. Widget has much more potential. Also needs 24hr clock.. Many people prefer it to am/pm
Wish it would change with the weather
So far its the best weather app I have used.
While it appears to have some good features and looks nice, it constantly restarts itself when shutdown. Will be freezing or more likely, uninstalling until there is an option to turn it off without it self restarting. Could be good in the future and well worth spending money on.
Orange stays icon is an eyesore on themed roms. Should be more customizable.
Is it the perfect weather app? No. Is it better than the others? Yes. There seems be a lack of decent weather apps on android.  The design of the app is pretty nice, but it's still sometimes sluggish on my Verizon Galaxy Nexus. Like another review requested, I would like to be able to turn off the background image (solid black, please) to better match the ICS theme.  Other major features seem missing, like the ability to auto-detect your location using location services and to serve up the weather based on that. Currently you have to manually add each location to a list (though it can use the GPS to add your location). It seems the capability is almost there.  The Twitter feed is pretty useless, most of the hits are ads, phony twitter posts, or automated posts of the weather (which is pointless since I'm already in a weather app).  Lastly, the app seems to always remains in RAM memory, even if you turn off notifications, and auto-updating, which bugs me. I prefer to minimize the number of background services and would like to manually update the program when desired.
Pretty good so far. Just had one problem which was not refreshing the right weather for the right time of day but did eventually. 5 stars maybe down the road. Good job dev team.
Only complaint is 'feels like' should be in app when I open it. I like to see both temps. I dislike status bar icons.  That's what widget is for
Put my post code in as requested, it got the right town but wrong country? Thought I was in America (i'm in UK) couldn't find a way to remove town so reinstalled. This time used GPS, again it told me I was in America? Reinstalled and tapped my town manually, it gave me a choice of 2 Towns of the same name but no indication of which county either are in so I hope I've chosen the right one. It shouldn't be this difficult to set up my location!!
Nice looking GUI slightly innacurate but not drastic but enough for me to not get the paid version but well worth trying the free app
Weather should change wherever I go. Without this ability this app is only useful in home towns. Who wants to continuously have to change it? If you guys fix this problem this app will be unstoppable!!
Needs to change the clock thing Nice little square box or triangle shape would look better ..
the weather reporting is iffy, the status temperature doesn't agree with the current report and there's no option to have the current temp/weather reflect your "current location" while you move from city to city.  Looks nice, but functionally flawed.  Also, appears in the Android Market for my Galaxy Nexus running Android 4.0.2 but doesn't appear to be available in the market for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 7-inch running Android 2.3.5.
But not as good as accuweather in my opinion
Seems ok...don't see the big deal with it :(
Beautiful looking application. However inaccurate & unreliable weather reports.
The tempature seems off, and the map is not really very detailed.
I use hourly weather a lot, so please add that feature
Its snowed in my town a good 3 or 4 times since I downloaded this app yet it has never said it was snowing, its only showed that's its overcast, cloudy or chilly. I guess you've never heard of snow
I would give it 5 stars but the widget is just plain ugly. Get rid of the brown or at least give us options.
This is a keeper, looks nice with my ICS rom
I thought they'd have a widget that looks like the app. Widget is lame, make a better one - I don't want to have to open the app to see the good looking design.
This app gpos does wat it suppose
Love the look, excellent design, best looking weather app out there. But it is slow to refresh, missing radar (UK) & also limited locations (compared to other weather apps) - but a great start!
Please display a "feels like" temperature on the widget or in the app, no just in the status bar
I will decide if I want to see you're app info in notification bar.
The poor single widget is the only reason I uninstalled.
Give me the option of whether or not to put temp. in notification bar, & give actual temp. not 'feels like'. A 2hr update interval would be nice.
The biggest flaw in this otherwise OK app is that it thinks I'm in Kettering, Ohio when I am actually in Kettering, UK :-/
Status bar and widget don't show same current temperature.....???????
Why does the widget show 11 degrees, yet the notification bar show only 8 ?
Widget options, size and color
Very good app. Map needs to be a higher resolution though. Give 5 stars if this done
The radar just flat out sucks. Un useable. Stick to weatherbug
As soon as they can get it to refresh and work for today, it'll be great. It says it's tomorrow on mine and refreshing doesn't help it any.
This app is excellent and worthy of 5-stars... I upgraded to the paid version. So, why did I only give it 3 stars? I knocked one off because the widget is completely unappealing. First off, it's round, takes up 4 spaces, and is visual overload. I'd rather a horizontal widget with less information it.  The other star I knocked off because this app does *too much*. It has features on it which do not interest me in the slightest and the developers have enabled no way for me to turn them off. "Popular tweets about the weather"? "Top weather photos"? "Radar" which doesn't work in my country? Totally useless and their presence makes it harder for me to scroll through the options I do like. The developer should have a settings option which allows me to simply turn off the display of these features.   *Everything* else about this app is excellent. It's visualizations are terrific, especially the prob of rain screen. Fantastic.
Its 5 am here in Miami and it says that is partly sunny with clouds overhead..hit refresh a bunch of times and well..still the same..fix that little issue then it'll be great.
This is one of the best weather apps I have used. Thanks.
Coming from weather bug elite and this beats in hands down!  Goes great with the look and feel of ICS.  Very slow to update on GNex though.
Needs ability to follow location, but good start
eye catching, but user selected backgrounds are static and won't always match the weather. no hourly view, chunky navigation, and the pro version is the same minus ads. i hope they fix these issues cus it's really pretty cool... almost there.
Need color customize for widget.
I enjoy the app, but I wish I could customize it a bit more.  One, I would like to be able to turn off the severe weather alerts for the widget.  Two, I hate the brown on the widget.  It looks like crap, no pun intended.
Needs to follow your location
I would pay for it if you fix the locations in Australia. The date is going on US time so its one day behind. Also would be nice to be able to choose what goes in the widget as I dislike the way the name of your location looks in it
Needs much better widget. Current one is not so good. When that fixed this will be the best
Needs option to follow geolocation, not sure why such basic functionality was left out of such a well designed app
Widget does not refresh without opening app and exiting back to home screen.   Fix the widget and it would get 5 stars. Galaxy nexus ICS
I love it but wish they would update it so it will work on my Nextus7 jelly bean OS and also update warnings so just my area goes off.
This app is great! Tell weather right and all feature kool
Would get 5 stars if there were a couple minor changes. 1, if I could add more info to the layout as it only allows up to thrre even with the paid version. 2, if the background would automatically change with the weather/time of day. Animations would be cool too, but might take away from the beautiful simplicity of the app.
Over plays warnings. Freaks out because its going to be 95 degrees in Alabama in July. No joke.Wish you could select what notifications to show. I might turn the feature back on.
Great looking app - very accurate current temp. Wish we had more widget options and that the maps were clearer - also a satellite option would be great.
Functionality and design are great. Content is inaccurate though. Forecasts were 10° off other weather sources.
Such a nice app, polished and functional. Loved the widget! It needs some improvement on the loading aspect as i have it on 1 hour and after spending the hole day without opening the app i saw that the widgets day was from the past day and not from today. After opening the app and updating the widget changed
Great app on my galaxy s advance but not compatible with my Nexus 7... add tablet support and it's 5 stars easy!
Wish it could do more, but all that it does is done with a clean interface that loads fast...
but why isn't the weather radar available in New Zealand?
Feature rich and really helpful but widget is kind of confusing. Should allow us to select layout and displays.
Can you add the option with more Status Bar colors?
Nice app so far
After bit slow on my Bionic, but will give it a few days.
I like it...
This is a great looking app and I hope it's a keeper. However, before I spend $1.99 on it there needs to be more flexibility - e.g. Configurable panels (so I can remove the ones that only work in USA) and ability to set my own background and text colours. I'll run it for a while to see how it compares to Snowstorm, my default weather widget.
I love the app but my widget disappeared a day I can't seem to add it back. Was it removed?
Pretty much cool looking and functional, loving the screen widget, nice presentation visually,and when you open it, it has tons of info.  I'm feeling like a meteorologist!
I can't seem to find the widget...
Nice UI and features...my only complaint is I can't find an option to change the temperature to Celsius, only Fahrenheit.
Just downloaded it. Thrilled that it can be moved to the SD card as I gave up on weather apps because of memory issues..beautiful graphics & smooth funtionality...Everything I could want in one app.
Works alright, better than a lot of the weather apps out there.
Nice app
Love this weather app
The widget needs work or the app can include more choices
The widget needs work or the app can include more choices
Like this a lot! When is there going to be a tablet version? My nexus 7 wants this app!!
I can't get a widget. Idk if its my phone or the app. Definitely will replace my weather bug elite. UPDATE: rebooted the phone and work like a charm Gnex
Love the feels like temp, who needs the actual temp, what you need is what it feels like, perfect...now, give me some customizations on the radar, zoom, layers and so on, then its a perfect 5* app...EVO LTE
Very nice weather app. Everything you need.
I would love more backgrounds. And I use a different app for radar. This one is ugly and doesn't pan around.
A really good weather app but needs more colors and WAY better eye catching widget!!! The app is perfect, I've never had a problem with the weather part but the comments that people write are coming from wrong location not mine all the way over seas, sorry dont care about there weather over there and there pics.. Needs fixing on that...
Fastest weather app ive used
A very useful apps n the temp. is quite accurate..
Love this on my galaxy nexus. Too bad its not available for the nexus 7
Liked the app a lot when I had an Android phone but disappointed to see no compatibility yet with my Nexus 7 tablet I've just purchased, any plans soon guys? Thanks!
Nice app. First weather app i actually gave my hard earn money to! Please provide more widget options. Current widget honestly sucks and not as nice looking compared to the app itself. Also please allow users to use own background pictures.
Smooth and clean
Pretty good so far!
Follow me is not recognizing my location as Canada but picking same town name in the States, so have to manually select follow me when I am on the move. Hope radar maps come for Canada soon as well.
Really great app, been looking for ages for  something just like this.
Great app! Works as described! Lot's of options in customizing.def worth getting the paid to get rid of ads, although there not that bad.
Great app! Works as described! Lot's of options in customizing.def worth getting the paid to get rid of ads, although there not that bad.
Beautiful app. Everything I need as far as weather goes. Wish there was more widget customization options. Even just being able to change the color. When it's set to location based sometimes it will think I'm places I didn't even know existed when I'm at home. While they work that out I have a lot of L.A. area districts set as locations Granada hills, Santa Monica, Los Angeles. All vary in temp except recently. I got 4 emergency weather warnings for the heat wave.
This is the best looking weather app ever! No complaints with anything except for the lack of hourly weather breakdown (hence the 4 star). This is one function that's absolutely essential, to me at least. Other than that, amazing job guys.
love the app. my one complaint is that the temperature in the status bar is kind of ugly. If it was made more classy... It would be awesome! Inside the notifications, it looks great.
The interface looks great.
And nice swipe interface reminiscent of the better iOS apps. Replaced BeWeather, a good app in its own right. However, why isn't my Asus Transformer tablet or Nook running CM7 supported?
Overall, this app is the best weather app on the market. The alerts are quirky, but the widget and layout/ appearnce smash everyother app I have seen.
I like the smooth interface and such but I would love a radar to track storms
Pretty good app. Does what its supposed to do. When it sends weather alerts the app locks up! Otherwise good.
Great
Improve the radar images and its all five stars
This is the most elegant weather widget I have used. I would give it a five if there were more background to choose from.
I like the app, it's well designed but you should be able to zoom out to see all of USA. Very limited on range, if incoming weather is more than a couple hrs away you can't see on radar.
Need a wiget
As many people have already said, the app is innovative when it comes to looks but it's still painfully laggy on my Nexus running jelly bean. It really takes away from the otherwise great visual experience. Other than that, the devs are doing a great job.
Widget could be better, but very well done app.
I'm so in love with this app. I've got a few ideas to make it even better comparing with other few out there.  1. Being possible to have 2 cities at the same time as a status bar notification.  2. Status bar notification with more info e.g. Humidity and wind.   All the best and keep with this good work!   4.5 out 5!
Just needs the option to have your own background and a better looking widget and would give it five stars.
This app is by far the best. Doesn't use too much battery and has a very clean and organized layout. Also it actually shows weather for where im at.
very nice app with a cool widget!  A bit funky though...  Why the seemingly random Twitter feed?  Plus, I get weather alerts for cities & counties nowhere near me and can't see maps since the app insists I'm not in the US (thought I was, but maybe I'm in an odd vortex or something).
Nice app, but the servere weather alerts are annoying. It would be nice if you could specify which type of weather events that you want to be notified of.
Works fine and I like the notification in the status bar just wish it would show live radar
Will gladly give 5 stars when I can choose my own wallpaper or even a choice to use the home screen wallpaper. That would be epic!
Awesome!
I would like to see more development with the radar
This app is great it lets you know everything about the weather even five days from now. This app Rocks!!!!
Love the compressed nature of the widget. And the app itself is awesome. Has a bit of a windows phone feel which I like. Seems like the developer is on top of things as well.
how can I get it so that the weather widget is displayed on my phone?
Fantastic!
Hourly, rain, good for motorcycles, but widget so ugly makes app useless... Look at beautiful widgets or hd or beweather on how to do widgets
Hourly, rain, good for motorcycles, but widget so ugly makes app useless... Look at beautiful widgets or hd or beweather on how to do widgets
Pretty widget but I wish it did weather in Canadian units. Good app otherwise.
Loving the app, but it needs the radar for Canadian cities then it gets a five from me.
I think the app runs smooth and looks great, but he widget looks horrible. You can customize the colors of the notification bar info, but not the widget? I hope they fix that soon.
Nice ui, but sometimes a bit laggy
Love it.
Love all the options. Can't change which Doppler it uses... please fix
Great app. Radar map seems small, but that's just my personal preference. I do like that you can show "feels like" or real temp in your status bar.
This app works well but it would be nice be able to center the radar to current location.  The pictures are cool would like to be able to downlpad.  Some pics have nothing to do with weather.
Great. Could be a bit smoother
Clear and easy to follow menus allow for easy navigation through various areas of information.  Could be a little more in-depth but this one really gets the job done!
...With caveats, though my uneducated guess is that the bugs have more to do with HTC firmware than anything else. Widget can randomly stop working (at least on this HTC Evo 4G), requiring uninstall/reboot/reinstall. Otherwise a beautfully designed app.
Best clean simple design for any weather app I've ever seen. Widget needs a little more work   Overall a very fine application
Great app. Only problem is it dosent have HOURLY FORCAST.
This without a doubt my favorite weather app. It's well laid out, provides support for multiple locations, and has a nice little widget that fits nicely alongside the Galaxy Nexus' analog clock. The only problem that I have with it is that it doesn't support the Nexus 7. If that issue is addressed I'd be completely happy with it.
Get it working on Jelly Bean.
Nice looking app with a lot of options the only suggestion I have would to enable the app background to change to the weather condition otherwise great
love it
Really nice and polished app. Would really love to have accurate forecasts and whatnot in Australia though. May I suggest gathering information from the Bureau of Meteorology?
What an app. The design esthetic is beautiful. It's intuitive use is well above average. I would like to see more detail, perhaps an hourly option. And the tweets would mean more if they were more central to actual weather and locale. But I brag when I show this app off.
What an app. The design esthetic is beautiful. It's intuitive use is well above average. I would like to see more detail, perhaps an hourly option. And the tweets would mean more if they were more central to actual weather and locale. But I brag when I show this app off.
Very smooth operating app. Love it thus far.
Beautiful interface
Would be almost perfect if it had radar for locations outside the US plus now I own a Nexus 7 it's strange it doesn't work on that.
Slick as a muhfuh yo.
I like this app.
Works ok but having some trouble finding towns and cities in my area as it seems to only give in other areas, hope to see more places with the same names in future updates, thanks .in advance!
Seems a little buggy and slow. Beautifully simple
not bad
Five stars for using own photo for wallpaper, otherwise faultless. Please give us radar access outside the United States of Fatarses.
I like it its good. But y they didn't put the humidity on it.
But it's not so good at following.my location
One thing out will not do is keep my location. Says I'm in spring mill....where ever that is. Other than that its better than Bug, Accu., pre loaded. BEST PART THERE ARE REPLIES FROM THE DEVs! Also it would be great if w could get an hourly report for the days.
So far great app. Good info and interface. But I want to select my own back ground!
Nifty app. Very quick. Lots of info. Loads quickly. Updated: Outstanding App! The more I play with it, the more I love it. I have tried several other Weather Apps, and most aren't simply in the same league : interface, ease of use, graphics and/or effects, clean & uncluttered. This is the best, hands down.
Looks great would like another widget though
Great app you can get cities other apps can't. I can now get the weather in a little village in Bolivia.
In using the satellite in motion, I can't zoom in enough to see my town in rural sw MN and the letters "MINNEAPOLIS" cover up where I'm located. I do like it and refer to it several times a day.
Like the title says.  Such a beautiful app needs better widget.  Also, would be nice if the Status Bar Colour included more than just black or blue (like white).  Besides those small issues (which could be easily fixed in an update) this is a great app.
Running HTC sense this app shows the 3 dot menu button on the bottom of the screen since it has not been updated to meet the ICS guidelines yet. Please update because the rest is great.
Well there's the free version with adds and the paid version without ads. The ads are overwhelming and incredibly annoying. So if you want to use this app which is good expect to buy the paid version
Haven't used it long, but it's very pretty and has a convenient interface. Much nicer than the details I got from beautiful widgets.
Ever since I found out that the stock weather app that came with me Samsung Galaxy SII was a battery hog, I have been on the lookout for a suitable replacement. While there are tons of options out there, one prettier than the other, this app went the other way by focusing on function over photo realism.  By no means does it mean that the app is not pretty. It is simple and elegant. Once you get used to the whimsical icons, you need just a glance to tell you everything you really need - daily and weekly forecasts, warning messages and radar info, etc.  Finally the widget is the icing on the cake. Simple, understated and - most importantly - useful.  Have been using the free version till now, think it is time to get the paid version.
Is there something to see the historial of ny location without adding it ? Really need to know.
Just missing radar in Canada ;(
Seems to be quite good, will key you know after update. Here's hoping.
I have used several weather apps, this is definitely in the top 3.. Wish I could get the location to work better..its a little speradic...
Wish you could exit it without having to force close it.
Would be nice if there was an option to hide tabs (such as the radar tab, which is only available to the US). Also would be nice if there were more widget options, one showing the weather over the coming days, and one showing the weather over the coming hours.
Would like different back ground or none option. Other wise very nice app.
Looks great, works well. But certain adverts cover half the screen!
Great app. All the functionality your want and need from a weather app is there. Plus, it looks great. If only the ugly ads were not there, small complaint any who. I'd pay.
Works great on my Thunderbolt! 4 stars till I can get rid of the ugly brown in the widget. We want color options!!!
Looks lovely and very easy to use, just wish it had a few more features in the UK
This app has a modern and fresh UI.  I've tried a lot of the other weather apps and this is the one I've decided to stick with.  I highly recommend it.
This app is working relatively well since I downloaded it. It has all the information I need to accurately plan out my day based on the weather!!!
Good. App
But the weather is wrong most of the time.
Really nice app but if you make it changes the background biased on weather condition.. or simply make it simple.
Nice swipe functions, clever 2x2 round widget. Uses more battery than most apps?
After ics update, the temp is hard to see. Needs to be brighter.
Please offer a paid version to get rid of ads!
It's a good app but my radar is always like 10hrs behind even after it refreshes and I use the radar a lot wish you would fix it. As of July 1st my radar is 2 days off its really flusterating and I'm about to uninstall it and go back to weather bug
Very nice, I would recommend it.
This app is great and really good looking I give you 4 stars only because I would like a better widget although the one it has it's not bad at all
Lovely graphics and would be nice to have alert in status bar of rain
Very good info at your fingertips. Only change would be to radar screen. Needd a little more detail.
Boy, this latest update really screwed up this app on my g2s T-Mobile phone. Was awesome until now. Constantly freezing and having to force close it now. Went from a great app to one that is very slow and buggy. Update. Uninstalled entire app and reinstalled it. Works fine again!
.... To get rid of the adds,  so I must like the app :-) and it seems speedier refreshing now after buying. It really is a beautiful UI,  I suggest it to all my android using friends. Only thing I would want would be lock screen display,  but that's minor. highly recommend
Puss app. Get it.
Love the app, but the coloring of the widget is ugly. Would be nice if it was changeable, or the same color all the way around.
The only thing wrong with this app is the radar section only shows a low res gif.
I like it better than other weather apps ive tried...
It looks good but it would be great if the weather was accurate.
This app succeeds where 99% of Android apps fail.  It's both beautiful AND functional.  I would give it 5 stars if you could change the background and customize the widget!
Great app but widget does not auto update:(
Nice app but the radar loop is out of date. Still shows the worst of TS Debbie over Tampa/ ST.PETE.
Anything this good looking can make the odd mistake & you'll still love it to bits. Possibly lacks a few of the bells & whistles of it's rival apps but if you like good looks over brains, this could just be for you!...
Nice app but it's showing max temp as current temp while it's just 6:15 am. India
Nice weather app, slow loading sometimes especially when using location data for weather. Gui is good and info is easy to read and pretty accurate
Good app
Very informativ
With the other one needed to be near a window, this one doesn't! I love the animations as well as the widget! -1 star for a tiny refresh button. But great so far!
Great app. Favorite weather apparently I'be used
Great app but widget shows "location has been removed" a lot and I have to add my locations again.
Good app
Just as good as the Weather Channel.
Excellent except no radar outside of U.S.
Good, but clutter and busy wood background makes it a bit harder to read than other forecasts. strange that the "English" mode shows US units (deg F) instead of C
One of the better weather apps I've seen
Like how they tell the moonphase, sunrise anf sunset time. It is fast and everyhing about it great!
Very slick and useful
Loving it! One of my fav weather apps
Good app
Nice so far....
Very solid and elegant looking weather app
Other than the fact that I have to reset everything with every update,(location, metric, & kph) its a greet app, and visually gorgeous
It stands out among many other run of the mill weather apps, would be greater if one could add custom backgrounds too
I love the interface and how elegant it is. I even like the widget selection.
Would love to see: 1. Radar maps for Canada 2. Better widgets 3. Option for plain background or to add my own 4. For it to work on a galaxy tab 10.1
Has been a good app Started with half page adds now. I give it one week and then I uninstall if big adds are still used.
the concept of this app is really good. what's the deal with the pictures though, looking at the same tire tracks in someone's backyard is getting old. the radar needs improving. getting those things worked out I think I could give it a 5.
I hate ads, so please give us the option to buy to remove them. Otherwise, great app!
When I click the widget to launch the app, it updates itself. But when I go back to my home screen, my widget still hasn't updated. It still shows the old temperature. Could also do away with the random pictures and twitter. I live in a small town, and the twitter posts and pictures never even apply to my city. An hourly forecast option would be nice as well.
I'd buy but it doesn't support radar outside USA
love it..it's almost on point....nothing else thats close..:)
I think this app works very well for me. Seems accurate enough. Not thrilled with tweets or pictures. The widget works fine though I'm not keen on the looks of it. Overall nice app.
Pretty well made, just wish it didn't run all the time.
Radar in Canada would be nice
Ali za 5 zvijezdica barem bi moglo jos koji widget druge velicine i vise animacija vremena...
I think it is great!
Looses destination alot but other than that, a great app
Another top app from onelouder. Very clean and easy to navigate, pretty accurate too!
All you need
Only downside is that there is only one widget size...
It's really neat
Doesn't tell you real feel temperature and a battery drainer.
Look nice and reliable
Very clean, runs smooth. Might get pro version ads are annoying.
Really great and informative. Just needs some different widgets.
So far so good, like the graphics.
Really like, has clean look and lots of features.  Ad free price is reasonable.
This app is great to use and love it
A very elegant alternative
The user interface of this map was what won me over. Someone put some true thought into it's design. Beautiful app.
Very good app, only issue is the severe weather alerts -- don't really need coastal flood warnings and other alerts from places 200 miles away.
Very good app, think it needs to include the times of high and low tides.
...sometimes it "sees" me in Pacific, instead of Romania. If no GPS lock is used, just use the tower triangulation or operator info?! Will be kept at 4 stars until fixed.
Please also include more information, such as next few days' forecast, each days detailed forecast, etc. on a 5x2 widget. This would be a great widget for the Galaxy Note.
The radar needs to update more often, and it would be great if the pixels for the radar animation were smaller and less grainy, and if the map could be more detailed. Other than that, I love this app.  :-)
Good app
Twitter and photos are useless features IMO. Wish it had more widget options. Radar focuses on Virginia instead of NC where I have it set. Could use plenty more features like hourly weather. I love it, and use it, but keep weatherbug as primary weather app. Also, why is there an upside down umbrella on the widget?
Pretty Awsome. For having it for a day. No problems. Looks Awsome. Runs Awsome. Features ate pretty Awsome. Wish there was more backgrounds. Like one that matches the current weather . Unless ther is n i cant find it XD. Download this shiiitttt
Pretty Awesome
should have a home screen widget for it. Still great app though.
Would give it stars if I could load more greek areas
It needs a live wallpaper of some sort other that I think its the best weather app on the market. Five stars if it had a live wallpaper.
This app is very user friendly and very good looking. Its definitely the most intuitive weather app, but where is the widget? Is it only for Honeycomb tablets? I'm on gingerbread and there is no option for widget for my homescreen. Fix this and you have 5 stars.
I like the layout and interface of this app, but the weather predictions and temperature reporting aren't very accurate. I've also been alerted of "Coastal Flood" warning for my area, which are completely ridiculous and don't show up in any other weather app in the same location (I live in the mountains pretty far from any coast).
Beautiful app. Loads of info...pity no radar maps for the UK
I like it better now because of the refresh rate and time. Faster refresh rate.
Not as accurate as other sources, sometimes by 5-7 degrees. No way to see current day forecast, just high/low temp.  Have a feeling eats more battery than it should. Uninstalling for now.
Can't locate the widget
I like this weather app very much. The only quirk is that sometimes the automatic location doesn't update properly.   ***Verizon Gnex 4.0.4 ICS***
Would be perfect if had Transformer Prime support.
Works smoothly, no concerns on my infuse, of course its running an ics rom, so no complaints about this
just needs a bit more polish
Very nice weather app. Would like to have it as my homescreen.
Love the app, very stylish and vibrant. Can't stop looking at it and it had a lot of features for a free app. But I just have to dislike the ads......
Please add more widget styles Maybe one with hour by hour
I love the look of the widget the app. Several of the tabs are useless though. Twitter and random pictures? No thanks. If we could choose which tabs to run it would be perfect
Looks nice but weather is wrong.
The UI isn't completely intuitive,  but I've grown to love it. On a cheesy note, it IS certainly pretty....
This is good stuff, best weather app I've seen.
This is good stuff, best weather app I've seen.
Would be good with a smaller widget.. SGS2 Aesthetically - 5 / Accuracy 3
how to change the fahrenheit to celcius...??
needs an attractive background. Plus a widget would be better. Oh, Who cares about the ads? Uninstalling!
Works on my Galaxy
The look of this app/widget is great love it. Uninstalled it months ago because it was a battery killer. Seems like developers listened and its fine. Wish it didn't have to vibrate when severe notifications are alerted. That should be an option to have on or not. Also My Location is terrible. Selected a town in my state i have never even heard if. Radar should show cities.
Still have plenty of room for improvement.
Would love to see detailed weather information for the day like weather bug gives. Also needs an option to get rid of tweeter and photos. Needs WAY better radar like weather bugs
Its cool, i really like the graphics
Best weather app out there.
It will be nice if the widget udpade when you turn the phone and unlock the screen, then i will give a 5, other than that just beautiful, will buy it when it is done.
Pretty good interface. I particularly like the current temp in the status bar at the top.
Has lots of info for a weather nut like me.
Decided to go pro. Seems to run smoother/faster without the ads. Would love to see larger/prettier radar by default.   Also, I enable airplane mode at work and force-close 1weather to maximize battery life; would it be possible to enable an option of exiting the app completely, i.e. airplane mode or when swiping from the "recent apps" menu in ICS?
I like this app so far no problems
Temps are a good 7 degrees off. Other than that and a lack of a native clock good app
Downloaded after reading review on appstorm. App is absolutely gorgeous. Wish there was a full screen widget to go with it.
Its okay....but lol kill the tweets and pics please. That's just wack!!!!!
Great for what it does.
Would be nice if the background changed with the weather then I'd give it 5 stars.
Awesome app
Does what it says, wish I could change the look of the widget though
Thx 4 sd load!
Last updated kinde screw the widget update!!
Only thing it is missing is time for the tides
use everyday
Love it! Design,performance,accuracy and so much more -  just perfect!don't know what to without this app.
Has everything I was looking for in a weather app/widget.
1 star less bcz of adds..
It's very usefull application but Important that the radar maps For outside usa be added..
there many opptions that I like. Radar is good
This app is beautiful. Works pretty great but I noticed that it isn't always updating every 30 minutes. Also, there's something about the notification number on the status bar that doesn't look right. It almost looks as if it's stretched vertically Lol But anyway, with a bit of polish this app will be perfect :)
I just installed this app. I love the simple interface. It would be nice to be able to access our own photos for backgrounds, also provide an option for high res weather maps within rhe radar section. Working good on my Galaxy S2
compatible with Note on ICS.
Good overall. Personally i think the weather pictures\photos are unnecessary for this app.
Easy and quick
Gorgeous, but needs more beautiful widget.
I have no idea how to make it sync between my Xoom and galaxy nexus. The author not responding to my email.
Widget is great but messes up and background changes sometimes. Don't open app often but its still quite laggy. Doesn't seem worth buying this stuttery.
The app is nice
Great for travel
A little slow @ up datting but great 2 have :-)
Great app and simple to use UI.
The app has wonderful aesthetics & I love having the weather alerts! Personally, I could live without the social network sharing options and I don't use Twitter. The app has lots of features and it's free! It works well for me too. :)
Just needs a better widget
Very good apps
Most visually appealing weather app you can find. Sleek widget as well. Only problem is that it can be a little sluggish updating the current weather, hopefully the update fixed that though
Would get 5 stars if radar included Can.
Would get five stars but the radar portion needs improvement.
Very good wish they would get rid of ads!!!!!!!!
Great app.  Just need that perfect widget.
Without doubt the weather app / widget with the most information in an easy to use interface.
Great app i use it on my droid bionic and it works greater than the weather channel
I would give 5 stars but its performance on the galaxy nexus is terrabad. Its laggy,stuttery and not much good on Google's flagship phone which is a big nono.
Everything about this weather app is superb. I had been using a local tv station weather app because I liked the location weather forecast and the radar, but after using this app for just a little while I am in love. The graphics on this app are pleasing and not overdone. I haven't used the widgets because I like to conserve as much juice as possible, but I installed the widget for a second to see what it looked like and it wasn't bad. It doesn't take up too much space but gives you the info that you want.
This one's got all you need.
Topped my battery and data usage charts. For a weather app...
I totally miss my favorite weather app.
Widget needs to be customizable. I would like to put temp wind and pollen count on widget, also color change would be nice. I prefer emerald to baby poo brown any day...
Great app. Wish had more widged
Most definitely my favorite weather app. the one and only thing its lacking is customization. It would be perfect if I were able to make my own custom wallpapers and color schemes, especially for the widget. Other than that I love it and am looking forward to future updates.
But I keep getting weather alerts from other states. And I have the settings set on my state. Wierd.. Please fix for 5 stars!
The only thing I would improve would be the radar. I wanna be able to zoom to street views.
This app is more comprehensive than most other weather ones I've found. Still has some things that need to be worked out. I REALLY WISH that the ads were smaller too. As it stands, they are too in your face IMO.
My only request is an option to show local time of any selected destination and not always local time of your current location. If I choose Peru and I'm in Boise,  I want to see Peru's local time,  for example.
I would love to see a radar system similar to weatherbugs however.
Smooth and snazzy. I like it.
Sleek and easy
The only complaint is that it says im in one place way off to where im actually atother than that great
Clean, simple and easy. Love it.
I tried this app when it first came out but it was lacking the ability to follow your location. Since that has been added I have put this app back on my phone. They have taken a different approach to the UI compared to other weather apps, this approach I feel is for the better.  One addition i would like to see is for the weather to refresh on screen unlock. I use a battery saving app that turns off my data feeds, this results in my weather being stale. If the 1Weather app would look for a minimal update on screen unlock, that would be perfect. Of course, this should be an option that can be turned on or off as I am sure not everyone feels the need for this.
It would be nice if u could choose to have alerts sent (or not) for each individual place that you have programmed. Also it seems that i am getting alerts for counties in which i do not reside.  that aside, this is the best weather app i have used.  kudos!
Runs fairly slow on my htc desire....requires a newer phone with more processing power.
best weather app out right now
Great app works like it should, very good looking.  Only issue is the notification text won't change colors when you change that setting.
Weather is rarely accurate and changes often. Needs better radar. I will keep it because of the cool features but use weatherbug for radar and more accurate forecasts.
Is it possible to make the temperature shown in the notification bar the same font and size as the default time?  When the weather is shown in pulldown notification, could there be an option to show a 5 day forecast there?  The widget, while different, is kind of ugly. Could there be an option to have a standard 4X1 rectangle with a 4 day forecast?  Great app so far.
I really wish it worked on my Acer Iconia Tab...
Keeps getting better!
Buena
Best weather app I've found yet! OneLouder does it again!
Widget needs a refresh button. Hourly forecast needs more degrees showing on graph. Hard to gauge temp on it as is. Widget could use some customization options. Background of app should allow your own pics. Would also be nice to know source of weather data.
Unless I've missed it, it would be nice to be able to use a custom background.
Really nice looking but how about letting the user pick backgrounds from their gallery and have the ability to change font colors. Other than that, a very nice app.
Great app, very nice and works well. The only suggestion would be having a different refresh setting for 3g and wi-fi.
Color options for widget please!
Very good app.  Would like to be able to put my own background.
I keep getting weather notifications about floods, but when I check it out there's nothing in the app itself. Very annoying. Please fix.
all the info I need. Very well done
only wish is to show expected precipitation amount for the current day... love the widget
Awsome
Great work keep it coming.
Love the widget. Thanks!
No widget on SGNexus????
After update radar is malfunctioning. Sensation XE with ICS
Great app, would like Canadian locations.
Très bonne appli météo dommage certaines fonctions sont indisponibles en France
Great but needs more widget options.
Thank you for removing permission request. For once a developer that listens to app users. Commendable, thank you again!
Thanks for removing the invasive permissions. Very nice weather app
Loving the app, but location on the widget needs to be dynamic and the main app should have customizable views
Lots of views and information. The only downside is the relatively sluggish GUI.
Would it be possible to have the seven day forecast full screen without scrolling? For print screen for example...
Needs a loud distinct emergency notification ring tone for severe weather alert for people who use their phone when they are asleep
Still resets saved locations and notification settings randomly. Please fix this, it's very annoying. Temp seems to be off by 5 degrees regularly.
Thanks for removing sensitive log permissions.
Glad to see you fixed the permissions. Only complaint now is the radar image isn't that great.
Basic, to the point, just a pity about the severe conditions not being available in Europe. Loving it
Really nice.
Great job displaying weather info with such a clean layout. Manual refresh seems to take a long time though.
Lots of functionality, quick update, and smooth appearance.
This is a excellent app. Recommended.. thanks.
One little gripe! I don't want it to update every single time I open it! Have disabled the option to refresh on launch but it always does it if you have followed my location enabled. Would be good if I could manually refresh it or just let it do it on the auto I've selected but include the location in now at! I often go back to check the weather for a couple of days ahead and fed up with data usage each time!
Background should change with regard to weather conditions then it will be 5 star
I enjoy this app and it's pretty interface, but I am worried about the new permission asking to read sensitive log data. Until this is removed or explained I will not update or change my rating from a 1.
Good app - though the radar is a little lite.
Does a good job, looking forward to better service for where I live (NZ). Fantastic widget.
I love the look and feel of this app. My only complaint would be that it can take a bit to load on first launch. Hopefully the new update will make it load faster.
Just paid for the app but reserve my 5 stars because I think it should not have limited the number of choice in layout for paid user. Room for improvement there.
App has most of the info I look for. Widget fits cool on my S2 homepage. With follow my location update its gonna become a favorite. Increased accuracy of data would do wonders though.
Great update
I just wish the widget was available in different sizes.
A really good app with a very beautiful and well designed UI. Weather is not accurate (it has been raining since 2 days and the app shows only 40% rain chance!!!) Widget needs more options and layouts and get rid of redundant info like tweets and weather pictures.
Beautiful widget on the home screen. Love it.
Cool
But needs hardware acceleration, it lags a bit
Great interface, beautiful design but could use a similar widget.
Yup... VERY nice... "Took the plunge!" ($1.99)  I must admit that more polish is needed-soon, I hope- I love TweetCaster!-same Devs, no?  FOLKS: The paid, ad-free version is obtainable VIA THE APP ITSELF! Goes through the Market then... Give us some updates, 1Louder! This should definitely be a solid 5-STAR app!
Doesn't have the functionality of the weather bug but for just coming out it isn't bad.
Intuitive easy to use UI
I enjoy this weather app and the widget as well. My only complaint is that I can not have it provide information based on my location automatically you have to go in and change your location manually
Pretty cool...needs better backgrounds...option to set weather pics as backgrounds would be nice and to upload your own backgrounds from gallery.
Good stuff
Very attractive and functional weather app. Contrary to others, I found weather to be accurate on my area. Will give 5-stars when the app restarts automatically on reboot so notifications continue uninterrupted.
Love the interface...Simplicity with depth!
Does what it says. Animations are smooth. Provides all necessary info. So far so good.
Best weather app. I love it! Is there going to be an add free version?
Best one I've found so far...radar takes a bit to load but still my fav weather app!
Without a doubt, the most gorgeous weather app, ever. Unfortunately always off by 10 degrees.
Its a nice app
This is the best weather app out there!!!!
I'd just like a pollen count/allergy feature (unless it's already there and I just haven't found it yet)
Brilliant weather app well done dev team needs radar for united kingdom and no adds when this happens will give 5 stars
It is a great looking app, but needs to be worked on! It is quite heavy on resources: on Rom and CPU. My only complaint that you should optimize the code, and remove some eye-candy. Definitely a keeper! Love the widget!
Good!
Good app!  I like it so far , just wish it had " follow me " capability.  Would be tops if it    would show your current location as a location.  That's worth another star.  Seems accurate.
Good so far
Fc on galaxy nexus
Lots of information at my finger tips. Wish there more options for widgets like BW or fancy widgets.
Love the look and feel of the App. Don't like that there is only a 2x2 widget available. Would like to see a 1x4 widget created (would fit nices on my screen)
Good aplication.
Other than crashing the phone on install its been running great. Exhibit II rooted.
Options to see weather from different cities, set update frequency and type of weather input. The graphics and wallpaper make it fun and cool.
Needs auto gps location feature. Keep up the good work.
Not supported in trinidad and tobago anf suriname. Hope it will in next update.
It's the cleanest app I've everton used. Loved it! Galaxy s2
Does the job.
Nice one..
Clean, simple and effective app!
Needs an option to follow my location and the weather alerts can be hard to read, but otherwise a good weather app.
Needs an option to follow my location and the weather alerts can be hard to read, but otherwise a good weather app.
Love this app..
looks great and detailed. on the down side : temp is allways lower in 2 - 3 degrees and a little slow on graphics. SGS2
Great app, but doesn't update the weather enough.
Could use a better widget or more options. Great weather apparently though. Very accurate.
Very good app!
Everything works fine. The only thing that is missing is geo locating curent position.
Everything works fine. The only thing that is missing is geo locating curent position.
Excellent layouts could use a widget
Nice weather app. Needs the ability to switch between different cities by just swiping left or right instead of have to only be able to view one city at a time.
Straight forward & easy to use!
OneLouder is making some of the best looking apps out there right now.  This is one of the visually best apps there is.  However, that comes at some cost.  It is slower to load than any other weather app, which is not ideal.  I think they need to focus on performance of all their apps as after a while waiting just is too costly, no matter how great apps look. I would like to see some alert tuning in this.  I do not want to get 4 warnings a day telling me that my plants might freeze tonight.  To all those that are saying the temp is off a few degrees at all times - check your settings.  This defaults to 'real feel' (or some such term) which takes into account wind chill and heat index.  I actually prefer this, but it is an easy thing to change if you do not.
This app is awesome EXcEPT its not very accurate.other than that I lovaze it.
It's so much faster and smoother in the Pro version without the stupid ads.
The best app for weather..It's easy to read and understand.. ****
Great app!
Great looking and has tons of useful and well organized info. Use beaitful widgets to get a quick look at weather, but when i need to know more, like how to pack for a week, or how windy it is, this is my go to
Extensive weather information. Only temperature in 24-hour forecast is permanently wrong.
I really like the app.  Function is excellent.  It loses one star because the forecasts aren't very good more than 24 hours out.
Good program.  Sometimes is off on temp.  By like 5 to 10 degrees. That is why I gave a 4 star rating.  But like it anyway.
I am new to this, but I like this app real well so far.
if the widget and notification bar were better/more customizable would be 5 stars
Really like it, especially the weather info animation.  I have the paid version.  Definitely needs more widget options and follow the location.
When the developers get this running 100% smoothly under Android 4 on the Galaxy Nexus, I'll give it 5 stars. Besides it being a tad choppy, it's a great app!  Love the widget too!
Well designed app!
A very good app but no way to get a widget onto my desktop/home page. Will give 5 stars when this option is enabled!
Great app..  Easy to setup.   Covers everything you need in a weather app.
Nice app
My only problem (and reason I won't purchase) is that there is only 1 widget.  The included widget looks very nice but I'd like radar and extended forecast widget.  Also resizeable would be nice
My only problem (and reason I won't purchase) is that there is only 1 widget.  The included widget looks very nice but I'd like radar and extended forecast widget.  Also resizeable would be nice
Instant weather info on all my favorite places. :-)
Clean design with good information.
I really like this app. The widget is really nice looking and informative. The overall app is pretty good looking to and the info has been accurate in my case.
Its awesome but on a dual core smart phone it shouldn't feel laggy in he interface.
It's pretty
Good app. Can't get into the detailed 48 hour forecast anymore though.
The app itself can have some rather slow/jerky animations which detract from the experience. It'd also be nice if it used the new Settings menu in Ice Cream Sandwich. Otherwise, very nice! Oh and also, "Imperial units" and "Metric units" - Calling Imperial units English is confusing when the only country to still use them is the USA ;)
It's beautiful and has a fun layout but the wind is trying to rip our home off it's foundation and the app says it's 9mph...  I'm sure not :/  I'll be keeping a close eye on it to see how it compares with other weather reporting info.
After several apps I have found one I like.  This gives me everything in one app.
Love it.  Next version should slow you to choose the home panel.
I like this app very much but I wish you could select more than three aspect of the weather at a time. I have only been using it a short time so I will update after I have had more time to use it.
I installed this app on the same day a bad thunderstorm storm passed through and it alerted me in detailevery step of the way ... Love it !!!
Nice
Everything works fine on my Motorola photon
Extremely polished app...though more thoughtful integration of ads would be nice. Would benefit from more optimization for smoother graphics.
Great app
Its a great app
Clean, and has feels like temperature
Very good app. Plenty of info.
Great app, beautiful interface, with the exception of the radar, UV index, and air quality pages.
Love love love love it..a MUST have
Great weather widget. just wish you could customize the weather information you view once the app is open. I don't really care to know what ppl are tweeting about in my area...
Not only is it beautiful, it's the most functional weather app on the market.
Very nice and simple weather app. Only wish it had hourly forecast.
Its a beautiful looking weather app. I love the notification bar weather info but it NEEDS to be location aware then it would be the best weather app in the play shop!
this application is very awesome.
Very nice....accurate, widget is cool!!
Very nice....accurate, widget is cool!!
Widzety w podobnym stylu co cała  aplikacja i będzie 5 gwiazdek
This is a top notch app. More thab enough info for the weather people out there. And it helps its presented fluidly and beautifully. Do your self and pay 1.99 to get ride of the ads its the only thing that negative about it. I didnt gve five because i would see more hi-rez background choices. Thats just personal thing. Best weather app avalible! Without question.
Very easy to read and find information.
Very easy to read and find information.
I'm, really impressed by this app. The UI is original and refreshing. If there was a better Widget for this app it would be perfect
I like this app and everything's great i just wish it had hourly and current weather.  That would make it perfect. Please add.
Not bad after I learned how to use it. Part of it I had to play with and part of it gave me instructions and made it fairly easy to play with
Awesome.
Please change and/ or allow for alternate widget colors. Brown is ugly.
Simple clean graphics...easy to use and accurate..
Love all the info....even has radar!
Ease of use, reliable.  Only complaint is having to reenter secondary location.Well worth the nominal fee to avoid ads.
Nice widget... Horrible radar. Would be nice not to get alerts from 90 miles away as well.
I have always been in tune with mother nature, but.... this is so much better and easier.:-)
Love the temp on notifications bar, but would love that color can be change :)
A very attractive application.  Widget is simple and effective.  Hopefully it will prove to be an accurate service too!
Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon	Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon Love it but wish the widget looked more like the home screen with big icon
Love the app. Could use some better UI elements like no border in the notification tray.
Great..but a minor change request..can u plz make d weather info on status bar more rounded..? It's compact right now..rest is awesome..
Best Weather App on the Market
EASY to use. very accurate.
Great app. I doesn't update fast enough all the time.
Add option to move to card to get 5 stars
Grt app bt needs to refresh faster its slow fr now..
I would give this app 5 stars if the screen didn't jump everytime an ad changed.
:)
Pretty widget; works well
ADD COLOR WHITE AS CHOICE FOR NOTIFICATION BAR.  MAKE FONT SMALLER IN NOTIFICATION BAR.
Intrusive ads break the flow of an otherwise smooth applications
The best now
Pretty good.  No force closes yet.  Fairly accurate weather predictions.
Its a very good app only bad thing is that there isn't temperature in Celsius.
Great app, Can't start my day without checking this app.
+Clean fast interface. +Nice extras like twitter link and pics. -Widget is a little weird. Only one style too.  Overall worth the $1.99 to remove the ads. But I wish some extras came with that purchase.
only downside is status bar part has no location updating
Not bad so far
Its a great widget but its a brownish color background which should b customisable...
Very clean. Intuitive. Loses a star as radar only works in the US.
Quite a beautiful app, but only 1 widget that's 2x2. :/
Needs more options to customise the notification in the status bar. Other than that it looks beautiful!
Not bad :)
Please remove the ads with internet connected. Please...
I love this app.  I would have given it 5 stars if it had a way to change the background. More accurate than the weathermen on TV.
Great app, very clean. The status bar temp is what sold it for me. I quickly paid to remove the ads, from within the app, and have yet to regret it.
Would be better with hourly forecast, and if you could scan around the country in radar map.
Not at all
Its really really good one.
Does the job as advertises
good app, guys. but need more widgets tips and design like in menu with blue and white colors.
No issues. Works great. Swiping horizontally could be smoother, its kind of jerky going through the screens. Would love to see full on ics support and better gpu acceleration to smooth things out
Útil, funcional e bonito.
Only thing missing is some story of pollen/allergy forecast.
A beautifully designed app, but needs a few changes please. First is the constant severe weather alert in the notification bar at the top. Please make it go away. And we need more widget choices please, not just 1 size, and a scrolling option too. Thank you.
I will give it 5 stars if/when the radar map is changed. Its too blurry when zooming in. They need a more hi-def style radar map.
Very nice weather app.
Just trying it out and it seems good, so far. Battery consumption seems par, 4%, I have 2 locations updating so it is pretty good. Going to give it 4 stars now, but if all is good, I will up it too 5. Widget is still not updating very well. Pls fix. Galaxy S2  GT-i9100m. Needs radar in Canada though. Geolocation would be nice. UPDATE: Good response from the Devs. Get this app.
Nicest weather widget I've used
So far I am loving this app.
No real complaints at all.
Looks great on my Razr Droid..all works well, except for being off by few degrees..beauty of app check it out.. :)
But not too accurate!
Good app, nice UI. But it needs some bug fixes.
Try ed a number of weather apps and this is one of the best simple yet almost elegant give it a go and decide for yourself.
I wish that it would support radar maps for Canada, that would make it primo, but otherwise its decent
Could do with a full screen widget though. Seems to take an age to get information.
Radar tends to not update for hours, which can be a problem when you're expecting severe weather. Otherwise great app!
My 4 yr old can just look at the widget and decided if he needs a coat! I love the feels like option.
A solid app that's both functional and easy on the eyes. My only gripe is that it can occasionally be pretty slow at pulling in fresh information when I tell it to refresh.
Good application
Good weather app.Notifications something not working after reboot in CyanogenMod
Good weather app.Notifications something not working after reboot in CyanogenMod
Needs a better widget though.
Works well
It would be really great if devs could ad the option to choose wind as meters per second as those are measured around here where I live.
Everything you need in an aptt. Simple to use and accurate
Very user friendly. Covers all the many details of weather nicely.
Has good fetures. Easy to use. Needs more current radar is 1/2 hour behind
Screen transitions are a little bit laggy on my galaxy nexus, but who cares. Awesome app.
We use this for business and it works great.
Very nicely put together. Very useful.
Great info with a fantastic display
Thanks for letting us change the color! Now it would be cool, if we can just see the weather when we pull the status bar down. But not see the degrees
Has anyone else that down loaded this app got a home screen force close
Highly recommend
Overall really pretty good but there are some quirks. For instance, the radar isn't centered over your location and you can't change it. The options for the status bar notification are blue and black but the notification bar in ICS is already black and the blue doesn't match. Also, when there is a weather alert in the notification area and is clicked, it fails to load until you go back to the homescreen and go to the app again. Not bad but could use some fixing.
The app looks great, and the widget is useful. However, the app takes too long when manually refreshing the weather info.
Severe weather warnings could use work.
Wish it had dynamic backgrounds like beweather though.
But needs UK radar maps
My fav weather app to date.
Beautifully done. Now if they can do that for widgets....4x1 please :)
Definitely an elegant weather app, with a neat widget for your homescreen.  It could use a better daily summary, which would put it at 5 stars in my book!
great i enjoy this display!
Please make radar with Google maps. Only complaint is radar not enough control needs to zoom out more.
This is the best, most accurate weather app I've found. Since the last update today the temp in notification bar is stretched and distorted
This is the best, most accurate weather app I've found. Since the last update today the temp in notification bar is stretched and distorted
Needs better widget, and but everything else is good
Really nice app, and for free you really can't beat it!
very good application, but they need to get their radar feed from somewhere better. even a noaa feed would be a step up from what it is now. will purchase after radar update.
Allow more than 3 choices in layout.
Almost perfect, would have been nice to enable more than three readings in the widget, but I guess that would need a redesign to avoid clutter. A bit expensive to remove ads as well, but worth it regardless.
It does what it says
Solid
Constructive criticism: make available a way to get rid of ads...  Pro version?
I'd buy it if it updated located location by gps. I travel daily and would like to see it where I am currently at.
I've tried many different weather apps (Weatherbug, Weather Channel, Accuweather, etc) and none of them are as good as this one. My one complain is that the app seems a little unresponsive, even on my GNex. The transition to other views is a little laggy. And it seems like the widget doesn't update, even when the auto-update preference is selected. Other than that, great weather app with a much better interface.
I love the quirky layout. But I feel that there should be an hourly prediction to fully win me over to giving a 5 star.
So far so good, nice layout.  Lots of good relevant weather info.  The only thing to make it five stars, move to sd card would be awesome.
Very nice, I would like to see satellite radar
Great app. 5 stars when we get world maps.. or at least EU maps!
Nice but need some extra work
Nice but need some extra work
The widget design should be configurable.
The app in itself is very nice. I would LOVE for the app developer to update the Widget to take up a full screen but is like the 1st picture in the galary of the app because the compacted widget is extremely confusing.
Best weather app. You could add some more color
But radar isnt available in all regions :(
Great layout. All the right info. I would like to see the radar with the option of zooming out farther than currently capable. Also, would like to have moon illumination percentage added.
Love the extended forecast and all the extra features, but the temp for my area is down by 10 degrees.  Example temp is 71 app shows 61. Checked against several accurate sources to make sure. Other than that its great.  5 stars when temp is fixed.
Nice design, easy to use. Simple and awesome.
What you see is what you get
Seems to be working great. Love how easy it is to navigate between screens. Would recommend.
Visually pleasing and runs extremely smooth on my razr maxxx.
Nice design,  a little more options on the widget needed...  :-)
The display is beautiful! Its a great app. I wish you could view what the weather will do hourly
This its the best looking weather app I have used that actually works!
Does what it says on the tin
I like this app but ads is really annoying. I am considering buying the pro version.
Works
I love the look and feel if this app. Its really clean and runs smoothly. The only issues I have are the radar isn't very clear and doesn't update sometimes. The other issue is that it won't find my location.
Great app!
More widgets please :)  Supporting the devs. Bought the app
I like seeing the temp at the top of my phone. Simple and useful app.
Great!
, but I'm still having problems with the refresh rate of the widget. Otherwise great!
Lots of weather apps but this one stands out for its elegance and accuracy.
I really like this app, it works very well. However, in the next build can there be an option to turn off twitter feed? Ill buy it if so!
Seems ok I wish there was a way to adjust colors thou....
Seems ok I wish there was a way to adjust colors thou....
One of the best app for weather. Simple use and a lot of features...
This is a great App. Very accurate and easy to use.  However would be better if it could get my current location.
My sister told me about this app and I was hesitant. The other weather applications that I use are no good. I really like this app, easy to use, tons of information, and fast with the data for storm updates. Love it!
Good app, has all the info and a good refresh rate.
I like the style, options, and whether temp notification bar display.
Would there be a way to make it so this app follows your GPS location? Then it would be 5/5 and I'd pay for it! :-)
Great app! Quite accurate readings. Smooth and intuitive.Should have an option to change the colour of the temperature text in the notification bar though.
Best weather app on the market!
Only thing left to want is weather indexes!
Ez to use clean pic.
Ez to use clean pic.
I think NOT.... no radar outside USA considers metric to be NON English? WTF? ...Good idea but lacks substance in its claims...so if you are In USA its fine otherwise forget it ...oh and i didn't even recognize my town!
Beautiful format, not always accurate. Lots of good info, clean display.  My touch 4G
Needs a better widget,  for that matter it would be nice if all of the pages in the app were widgets.
PLEASE ADD WEATHER VIDEOS ¡! ¡! ¡! ¡!
Great tool!
Great tool!
Simple, good looking, but a little slow
Has all the info I want, only thing that needs changing is the radar, I want to see whats coming my way, not what has passed me and is on it's way out.
please fix. (galaxy nexus)
Love the widget that comes with the app. Much easier to read than Weather Channel app in landscape view, even with ads. Seems to load faster too. Not too big a drain on battery. Wish radar view was full screen, would like to pay for pro thru app store. Keep up the good work!
App is pretty.  Contains items that I don't need or use, such as a Twitter feed (really? for weather?) and some type of irrelevant picture post thing.  Additionally, the widget and app shouldn't be displaying the moon and stars icons at 9am the morning ...
The title sums it up: It is nice because it is a clean app with a small memory footprint and it is incomplete because it does not have auto locate. You want to know the weather for the town you're in because you're traveling? Tough. Find the zip code and manually input that town as a saved location. This can't be how this little app gets known.   Best change it, devs!
This is a great app that works well but i wish it were a little more customizable. Also it doesn't explain what the symbols are on the widget. Just little things, i think it is the best weather app out right now.
Best weather app.
Very nice app, I absolutely love the widget; however the app gives me notifications for all three cities I'm tracking, when I only want notifications for one of them. I'd also like to be able to pick what kinds of notifications I get depending on the importance...I'm not as concerned about a dense fog advisory as much as I am about a Thunderstorm or Tornado notice. Hope to see continued improvements!
Looks really clean, works better then go weather.
Egész jól sikerült, bár Android 4.0.x alatt nem található meg a widget, míg 2.3.6 alatt még igen. Jól paraméterezhető.
Notification temp. never changes no matter what city I'm in. just a heads up other than that this app is great... Htc evo3D
Even if you pay for the pro version it still has ads.  The whole point was to enjoy the aesthetics of the app, not stare at ads.
Like
It's an attractive display, but with display open, it just seems to bounce (when I'm not even touching it).  What turned me off for now (in addition to the fact that I already have beweather that gives me all the info I need for now) is that the weather alerts are from too far away. As in it was listing counties I didn't recognize. I don't care if there is fog two states away... blizzards maybe, but not fog. I don't even care if that is two counties away.  Uninstalling for now, but will keep in mind for friends who may be looking for free weather, and will check later to see if it's improved.
Needs bigger widgets, and ability to choose notification text color... yellow on white bg as a default....
Informative app.
Really accurate!
I have two weather apps because I can't decide which one is better. I would suggest better backgrounds and the ability to change widget to show 3-4 days of forecast.
Nice interface, works well.
Lots of functions for free.
Very cool
Very good looking.  Wish the widget was customizable
Great free app !!
Most apps aim for being sleek and streamlined. 6 large pages of data is a bit overboard. The weather radar page is a nice addition. It would be nice to be adjustable. I live on the extreme SW corner of the map so this radar shows the weather after it has passed my location.
One of the prettiest weather apps out there, and well laid out. Only lacking non-US radar imagery...
Great app
I would give it five stars if the radar would work
Nice widget
Seems a bit less fluid on ICS. But good app otherwise
So far it's wonderful.  It hasn't been running long enough to judge the battery drain yet.
I really enjoy this app... Great interface, lots of information. The only drawback is that you receive weather alerts for outside your area, like way outside. Other than that, perfect.
There're something that can help this app develop more attractive. 1. More options for the design of widget, such as: more size 4x2 or 4x1, adding clock etc.. 2. Weather updating is not stable. I set it to auto update every 1 hour, but sometimes I have to refresh it manually. IF YOU GUYS CAN FIX IT, I'LL BE SURE TO STICK WITH THIS APP N WIDGET.
Cool!
Nice
Sweet app. Crappy widget. A better widget gets a 5 rating.
Shirley...Best weather app ever. Up to the minute info. Just a little slow in posting.
Love the simplicity of the app.
Looks good, but takes more time loading ads than weather data...
Widget doesn't hang like the Weather Channel's.
Best I've tried so far.Shame no weather radar for uk.
Only lacks the ability to follow your location
Works great, look  very well
Like its design
Elegant and information packed
Would benefit from hosting radar outside of US.
Would be great if it could show the current location's weather (both the app AND the widget)- its a bit of a hassle to constantly change location manually, as I travel a bit. Looks great, otherwise.
Would like for it to change location as I move around.  Like it though. Not your same old weather app.
Suggestion would like option to change widget colors
This is by far and away the best weather app available, I'm very pleased. I'm definitely buying the ad-free version because the ads do detract from the beauty of the app. Would like to see more widget options which is why the 4stars but the app is very accurate, gorgeous, and functional weather apps on the market. I'm paying for the ad-free version to support the devs who do it right and further development I also enjoy their sports app. Keep up the updates.
One of the best weather applications you will find.
Would rate 5 stars, but it does not automatically update current location when displaying the weather. Additionally, you cannot customize the widget except for the static location. The widget also does not provide the time.
The app is great. Only down one star because the widget ui is a bit cluttered and could do with some more options
I like the features and the UI, I might just pay to remove the ads after I have it for a while and make sure it works like it should but so far so good.
Great app, could use a radar map widget though
I've used multiple weather apps this is by far the nicest!
This app is really good and has a lot to offer than just weather. Looks amazing and the widget is also great.
Nice App
Worth the install purely for the widget. I have run literally every weather app, and this is by far the best looking. The long term forecast could be displayed a bit more clearly, but it's my new favorite regardless.
Love the features and UI, but the rain percentage and temp are never accurate. poor radar feed, as well. Droid Razr Maxx.
Good detail easy to use
I like all the features and it runs fast. doesn't appear to allow my phone down.
I love this app but I would like it if it had more customizable Widgets to make it friendly for any background on my phone. But its great!
I love this app but I would like it if it had more customizable Widgets to make it friendly for any background on my phone. But its great!
It needs the forecast of the whole day. Thank you.
Excellent looking app
Absolutely phenomenal - galaxy nexus
Love the UI and the screens are all very useful.  A bit slow to open, but then again so is the Weather Channel's app, so that's par for the course.
Very user friendly and lots of information, love the drop down menu integration.
Only one day with app, but so far seems to have a lot of info, is laid out smartly and looks good. Stay tuned.
Good
Nice interface and I like the "feels like" ability , but no option to autostart with a reboot? -1 star
Custom background option is missing!!! :-(
Better if i dont have to pay hah... very beautiful weather n widget
I like it.
All this needs for me to consider it perfect is a 1X4 widget, just 'cuz that's how I like to arrange my screens.
An animated widget will have 5 star
Best looking weather app! Bought the paid version. Needs more widget options.
Like the app. Needs the functionality of changing the font color. Stocks are hard to see.
I like this app. Its just beautiful, and the widget rocks too :).  There is only the small following problem: I live in a German town with an Umlaut (Nürnberg), the ü is not displayed correctly, but with some HTML &; codes. Plz fix for 5 stars :)
A little weather effects will make it even more desirable
Probably the best looking interface for a weather app I've seen
finally able to get sun rise& set times, would love if they could do a tide time as well
Lovely and usefull. Animations work really smooth on my GSII. Well done guys!
Very pretty
The best, easiest to navigate and coolest weather app today. Thank you, thank you!
Very clean interface but lags.
I love this app but I wish I could have multiple cities
Updates kind of slow though.
Great UI but runs a little slow on my Galaxy Nexus.
Need more widgets!
Pretty good. Add hourly weather. Combine rain into daily weather.
Very detailed. Extremely useful :)
Easy peasy...no I'm not sure on the spelling of peasy, lol.
But you can toggle between American and Canadian cities... hope you support Canadian radar eventually :p
Really like this app, mainly cause is not an eye sore to look at as most weather apps are. The design is beautiful only problem is if you leave running in the status bar it will drain your battery really fast.
Great app, little slow down most likely due to ads. Widget would be great!
Love this weather app!
Very good really good
Please make the widget size adjustable and/or bigger.  Other than that its great!  Thanks!
A very well-done app with great polish. However, can we PLEASE get a 5-day weather forecast widget??
Needs more locations, and gps fail to locate me. But its the most beautiful weather app out there
Would love to see a feature that allowed for custom color changing of status bar temperature and notification bar notification.
Nice
A lot of info in one app
Good,  I like it.
Fab Fab App.  Unfortunately all temps R in Fahrenheit. No option to change to Degrees Celcius.
Great looking app, love the interface. A "follow me" option to update the weather for wherever you are would be great.
Easy to use...simple to navigate!!!
The app & UI are beautiful & the widget is perfect. 2 things I would like to see updated are allow user to import his own background pix in app & follow the u user location for the most accurate weather
Looks very nice. I hope the forecast will be good
Needs to add amount of rain or snow (5cm snow or 5mm of rain)
Widget needs some work, and an hour-by-hour forecast would be nice, but otherwise, it's attractive, highly functional, and intuitive.
Clean and concise
Please add a 2x2 radar widget and this will be my number one app!
Enjoying it
Agree with the other calls for a paid version, but aside from that I'm loving it and it works well on my Thunderbolt.
Amazing . Super app.!!
Great
Works better than I expected.
Nice widget
Excellent for USA. Hopefully will show radar for Australia, NZ etc - then absolutely 5 Stars. Well done.
Need radar for aus
Just wish that the radar was more detailed, other than that it's beautiful
Sleek app. Really like the elementary animations. Cool, unique widget but feel like its slightly missing something..... Overall pretty awesome!
Nice little app with some cool features, I personally like the changeable wallpaper. Not perfect yet...but refreshing.
Nice little app with some cool features, I personally like the changeable wallpaper. Not perfect yet...but refreshing.
Very good app so far, still testing.
This just replaced my other two weather apps
Needs metric Units.. Please
Simple n cool layout....
Srážkový radar je jen pro USA. Jinak super.
really cool app
Works greay
Good weather app,a lot of informative info.  wish had better backgrounds and more visible fonts, but other then that, I like it so far.
Good product
Thanks
Takes to long to update
Great app
Great interface and great widget.amazing use of space.
I love every aspect except the radar map! Great work!
Nice to have this app.
More backgrounds will be appreciated
Amazing graphics, good information!
I like the way it is designed....and seems to be accurate ...
Seems to be pretty accurate
Great app
Auto locater is missing
this app works well for me. other apps i've tried could barely pull up current info for where i live. half the time they didn't work at all.
Good so far
Very nice but need Caribbean map on abroad. Thank you for considering
This is a great app with nice display and animations, but it would be even better if you had more widgets to choose from and not just 1
Awesome app, one of the best out there! Good-looking and pretty much accurate, 5* if the widget was more attractive..
the widget is extremely ugly. There should at least be an option to change the colors.
It certainly provides you with plenty of information. I've checked it with local weather stations and it's pretty spot-on in all aspects.
The app is great, love the widget as well. Only problem is the units for temperature keep resetting to farenheit instead of celsius.
Excellent functionality, graphics n ready to use. The widget could be better. Keep up the good work.
Excellent functionality, graphics n ready to use. The widget could be better. Keep up the good work.
Not bad
Great weather app would give 4 stars if could get radar pics for UK
Would be nicer if local times for each location was also included. Also add feature for themes. Otherwise really cool.
Great app please add Canada to the radar then it would be a 5
Beautiful interface with useful info, but the price for pro version is not really reasonable : )
Best one I've used in a long time and the widget is very informative.
Nice!! Accurate and great UI.
I love this app. Pretty simple. I would love to see it as a notification bar without it on status bar.
I like the simplicity in the use of this application for weather thank you
Love it works well, just hate the ads.
Nice app, needs an animated widget.... And its free... Ads destroys the experience...
Like the idea. Just need more customized widget. I prefer to have less info on the widget.
Slickets weather app ui by far. Good job guys!
Love it!
Works really good!
Testing yet.looks ok.
It easy to use
Cool app. Works well
Good looking
Very accurate
Works like a charm
Works like a charm
Good so far just loaded it w ill see how good over time
Great work.would like to be able to select which station to get data from, e.g. wunderground station.
Nyc
Would be 5 but no weather radar for UK.
It would be better if the app would refresh automatically based on location
Cool
Good app
Only thing missing is hourly forecasts.
To developer, 5 star app if, when I traveled my current location would show, up instead of a default.   Could be an upgrade for paid version.
Great.  Needs better widget
Needs more customization options for both the app and the widget
The moon doesnt appear even it's already past sunset. ;)
It works pretty well and seems fairly accurate
better than other apps on the market, but no exit or quit option
I enjoy it it has a lot of features it's better than the others.
I like it!
weather report is almost petfect
Can't change temp to Celsius.
Would of been 5stars if you could change to degrees celcius:P.....
Nice
Fantastic job you have done. But still, if there was a radar for Singapore, I would have given 5 Stars
Super work on my galexy s
So far so good.
Better than weather bug in my opinion.
Foarte rapidă. Îmi place stilul minimalist
But a really fugly widget
Love this app!!
I have used various weather apps n this is the best among all.
Not bad. Need more informative widgets.
I wish the colors matched ICS colors and wish there was a better looking widget. Other then that its Awesome!
So far, so good. The best weather app I have used. Keep up the good work!
There needs to be a tablet-compatible version.
It's pretty cool, I like the layout and all but I would REALLY like a radar for Canada!... Pretty please?!
Widget could be bigger and more useful
Looks better then any other weather app.
Accurate
Love the real-time current conditions! Not found in most free apps. Interface is good-looking & easy 2 use.  Also like the drop down from the status bar. The only thing I really don't like is the widget. Not very well designed & pretty hard 2 read quickly. Overall a very nice app & would purchase if the widget was better designed
Nice weather app with lots of information. Worth downloading.
Nice application...
Nice!
Good
Widget needs more options, I'd like to be able to disable the radar screen (only works in the usa) Needs an "always use GPS" option
Widget needs more options, I'd like to be able to disable the radar screen (only works in the usa) Needs an "always use GPS" option
This is great. No problems.
Needs update for the Uk
Nice design. Hope to see more widget options and colors.
Great app
I like it, it is very good for free and important using it all the time try it u will be happy u did
Need graphics like HTC HUB Need " feels like temperature" information.. Otherwise looks perfect....
Great app
Good
Otherwise its great. .. is that a bug?
Looks good too
Gorgeous app and works v well. More widget options for 5 stars.
V.good
Great app. Complete information.
Visually great and loads of info too. Needs Aussie radar access though.
Great app.
Beautiful weather app and animations. Just wish I could change the color of the widget. Brown isn't doing it for me.
Use the expanded MET service at work and this is a very close companion to it on my mobile. Okay it's got ads but it doesn't detract from the info you get. Shame that it doesn't come in a 4x1 format hence the 4 stars (nearly a 5).. Thanks
But uses too much battery.
Seeing the Reddit app in the screenshots made me buy this.
Though it still has a few issues. Needs work, boys.
Love all the information it provides
Just wish it tracked my location. It would get 5 stars
Gud app..
Well worth having, spot on.
Sweet app.
เสัยอย่างเดียวมีหน่วงๆ เวลาเปลี่ยนเมือง   หรือบางที่ก็ค้างเลย
No problems yet. Ads not too annoying.
Nice app Just need and update I will like to see the weather by hours no just 48 hrs
Betr go for pro to avoid ads
Nice functional weather application that shows all relevant data. Only slight niggles are the colour of the notification. (I have a galaxy nexus and the notifications are usually in blue but this one is orange) and the size of the notification font. It's too small to read. The widget needs to be in a rectangle Like most other widgets as it requires too much space. Otherwise a top app.
Nice functional weather application that shows all relevant data. Only slight niggles are the colour of the notification. (I have a galaxy nexus and the notifications are usually in blue but this one is orange) and the size of the notification font. It's too small to read. The widget needs to be in a rectangle Like most other widgets as it requires too much space. Otherwise a top app.
Really like this app,
accurate!!
Though better looking than ten, it only allows one location. I like Temp in the status bar.
So far, it's OK, perhaps better than   accuweather. This feels insanely polished, and that's a +1. More customization of the first page/slide would be nice, though. I don't really like the form factor of the Widget, but, I like how it shows in the phone's notifications/status bar. 4 stars! ****
Works well.
Works well.
Looks great, functional layout as well. Only complaint is scrolling is a bit laggy on gnexus. Would be nice to be able to choose any pic for background.
Very cool.
Best wether app yet
The app's pretty good but the widget is useless
This app is great and looks amazing but it needs auto location and australian radar maps. It also needs different animations for night time.
Beautiful
would b 5 stars if the widget was good
Awesome..but need better widgets.
Great app
Just needs UK radar feeds for 5 stars
Easy to use with great options
It's take about 7 sec to pop up other than that I luv it
But please i want another tempreture  unit option and thanx for your application
Most beautiful weather app so far.
it's nice&easy.....after a long search..
How to change to celcius?
nice
Very cool
Its just been 3 hrs since I have installed it may re-rate after a week or so.  For now, 4 stars. :)
Nice & Easy UI love it...!
Great, but without ads please
Awesome widget & tons of info
Works great on Droid X2
Honestly just need to be able to change the text color and maybe an animated home screen widget, that animates weather like it does in the app, and this would be the absolute perfect weather app. It's insanely detailed!
Está muy buena aunque no entiendo los datos del widget
Except for the overly conspicuous ads.  Nice functionality and unique graphical metaphors
This app packs a lot of info into a beautiful and refined interface. The only thing I'm really missing is a multi-day widget for my home screen. the included single day widget is very nicely designed, though . A minor improvement to the app would be automatically setting the background to a nice looking photo based on the current conditions. It's good enough as is that I'm removing my other weather apps.
The info is good but I don't like the widget its too square
Only thing I would change would be if the user has the option to modify the color temperature within the status bar.
Nice background theme and accurate info
Otherwise its great!
Awesome app but lacks better 24hour forecast section!
Really nice look to the main app, my main gripe is that the main app does not support landscape, add this and radar for UK & I'll gladly go pro.
Very beautiful interface, having the right level of information. Easy to consult and reliable. Pity that radar animations are available only in USA. Maybe they could be available for the next delivery? It would be a very interesting improvement.
Such a pleasant design, being raped by ugly ads. Rather charge me money, or limit the features in the free version. I'm sure the designer will agree.
I just downloaded it and it seems to work good,do not like widget...but ir is worth it
By far the best weather app I ever got!! Pity some of the functions are not available for outside USA
Works better than other weather apps, widget could be better.
Given it 93.4%, has a good beat and it's easy to dance to..!
I like the graphics and different radar options, good app
Love the widget. Just great app. Waiting for maps for Europe.
So far so good.... thanks.
Juste downloaded,  seems not   Bad
Radar imagery for Canada would be great. Also 5C in March in Saskatchewan is not "quite cool" its gorgeous.
Great little app. Should have more customization options like adding or removing pages and information. And cheaper to remove ads.
I like it, really cool design. I just wish it did everything accuweather did. It lacks a few small options.
This is a great weather app and widget. It's one of the few that give you percent chance of precipitation. The only thing this app is missing is the ability to give you weather updates based on your current location but this is worked around by adding your current location as a new location which can be annoying if you're traveling. That's where it lost half a star.
Thank you for such an attractive new weather application. I have happily replaced BeautifulWidgets with it, but I do have a couple feature requests. (But no bugs to report! Yay!)  First, would you please offer a plain black background for the main app. This would be in keeping with the overall ICS aesthetic. Also, could you offer the option for a user-selectable color for the status bar temperature? The dull orange color looks jarringly different than the rest of the app, and my system. (I wonder if you're going for a changing color based on the current temp? Mine is now 62degF. If so-neat idea, but I'd still like the option to change it.) And finally, as I've seen other users request, please more widgets. In particular I'd love a 4x1 3 or 4 day forecast.  Thanks for the excellent app and your consideration.
Funciona bien, es bastante preciso, pero le falta ser un poco mas intuitivo, y seria bueno que tenga mas opciones de Widget, también deberían traducir el poco texto que tiene al español. It works well, is quite accurate, but might be a bit more intuitive, and it would be good to have more Widget options should also translate to Spanish
I'm giving it four stars as there's always room for improvement! !!!!
One word accurate
I like My Cast Weather better, but that's just my opinion. This intends okay though
So far so good it is quick and battery     life seems to be fine
This is the best weather app I've used. Much quicker than weatherbug. Only problem is that it keeps erasing my locations.
Nice app
Nice app
Good
Good
Would get 5 stars but I can't figure out why it has a twitter feed and picture section,  they serve no purpose with regards to the weather especially when the places mentioned are town's with similar names in other parts of the world.
But cute and accurate
So far much better than the other 4+ star weather apps
Search no more...this is it !
Wonderful look, with plenty of information you need!
looks good.   have not got a tornado watch  showing up yet  issue 735 pm eastern time  time is 745 pm eastern time
It works and looks pretty doing it.
Good app.
Love it but would like more widget choices.
Very good app
...the only 2 things I would like to also see would be 1-this app be able to display as a banner icon for my Galaxy II and 2- have sports outlooks like boating,golfing,fishing,etc. thanks
Very good
Very good app!
Need a widget that shows current location.
Nice graphics. Good features. Need to account for daylight savings time.
Its simple and easy and looks neat.
Good app! Plenty info.... Widget could be better, overall Nice
Off by 3 degrees.
Love the animation. Puts the current temp in the header so I don't have to constantly open it up.
This app does it all. I love the radar feature. Just wish it would display on the home screen in open mode.
Very cool
Nice app but need a radar upgrade badly. Then I would give 5 *.
Good app works gr8 on HTC but when I want to look at weather pictures I don't want to see fake pics of 800 ft waves hitting buildings. Real pics plz.
Like layout but wish for more color
Beautiful app recommended by All About Android (AAA). The widget took a while to show up in my app lost. I don't know if that is an app or Android quirk. The accuracy and battery life issues discussed in other reviews seems like a bad sign but I haven't had a chance to test it since I just installed it.
App works great a little battery hungery.
Love the look and the active widgets ... works well and seems really accurate!
Needs some work, a few tweaks here and there for smoother operation would be welcome. And for some reason constantly predicts rain? An hourly forecast of the weather would also be nice. Graphics and animations are cool as hell. Better than most other weather apps out there!
OK
Best one I have found yet.
I like it. Works great on my galaxy II
Great app.  Like it!
This application is soo awesome! I love all the features this app offers.
Only have had the app for a day and I like it alot. But not having the ability to have it follow my location makes it a very attractive, but 95% useless! I would buy it if it had that feature.
Can easily read weather whenever!
Nice app. Wish it had a widget though.
Attractive,  useful features
Nice app so far.  Have no issue thus far.
Need a fallow me option as weather bug. And also better radar and next day 24 hour prediction. Then would be perfect. Very clean looking.
Gogoss HTC hd2 very gd plz use 4 ur weather where ever u r lata
No widget on nexus
I like it just wish it had a better widget
I've tried quote a few weathering apps and like this one the best.
Good weather app it has everything you want to know about the weather and more.  Its very informative. .
The style, clever reference of twitter entries, and presentation of weather data give a simultaneously detailed yet easy to digest weather status.  Not as pretty as Go, or as detailed as accu... But your practical considerations are well met by this app.  Minus star for lack of follow me function.
Working just fine so far, going to if it drains my battery as does weather bug.
Works great
Slick and efficient!
I like it!
Really like it!
This is the best weather apparently on the market
As a person who loves to keep up with and monitor the weather this is awesome. Everything at your finger tips. And it's beautiful.
But ugly widget. I'd like more options for widgets, please.
Just some weird interface issue s
very classy! this app is straight and to the point. super nice and easy to use. better radar pictures and customisable/resize-able widgets will earn it 5 stars. galaxy nexus
But I still dont understand why developers don't realize we want to be able to move apps to sd card.   H
But I still dont understand why developers don't realize we want to be able to move apps to sd card.   H
It pretty good right now.
Looks nice, has a cool widget. A little too monochrome, wish the icons had more color. The maps are a little weak.
Pretty display.
It's KOOL..
Nice application.
Great weather app. Marvelous info allows numerous locations love it
Very nice Interface but can use more customizable size widgets
By far the best free weather app I've used.
So far its good to excellent, but time will tell--will eval more later
Early days with this app - am very pleased at its info & flexability.
Not problems yet, don't care for the Widget much, but best weather application I've tried!
Good
Lots of information. A very good app.
Good
This is gorgeous
like it better than the rest
It's missing the real feel temperature....
But I prefer weatherbug. I try others, but keep going back to it.
But please add hybrid units option, temp in Celsius and winds in miles per hour. This is the preference of many countries, including the United Kingdom.
Nice looks n features....this is how an app should be.
Yes it is!
User interface is good. Cool app:-)
Very clean UI... loads fast for a weather app...
Very beautiful in-app interface with great features. if there could be a larger 4x2 widget with a clock which could be customized to launch a user-defined alarm app then it's perfect. oh wait did I mentioned the color of the widget? dark yellow is not really a "happy color"...
I like. Just wish there was hour by hour forecast.
Very cool  very helpful
Wish it had a clock so that I could replace the clock/weather widget on the homepage of my HTC EVO4G other than that I can't complain!
Finally, a weather App that tells it all without choking your Android resources.
Nice app.
Radar will not center on my city properly. Centers instead on radar station which is way east. So I can't see to the West which is where most rain comes from here. Developer refuses to fix.
Sediment free app
Not too much glitter. Had all the necessities like today's weather, 5 day forecast, precipitation, winds, weather alerts and radar. Can add multiple locations. No quirks yet.. A bit more color would be nice.
I love the look and feel of the app but it need a big update b4 ill use it. Need more widgets, better location acirosy (it cant even find my city and it thinks im in canada when i live in israel) and need a paid version with no adds!
Better than accuweather. Gives a lot of info in a small spot.
So far its the best weather app I have used.
Pretty good so far......
Need to add auto update location
Love it
A little laggy. Cdma galaxy nexus
Excellent and beautiful ui! The widget is the only thing that needs some work to match the main apps ui and feel
Love this, very easy to use and as fast as the weather changes here I need some thing that keeps me up to date all the time.
I like that the degree's is shown at all times on top
Love it... Thinking about replacing beautiful widget with this.. Hummmmm
Love it... Thinking about replacing beautiful widget with this.. Hummmmm
Its better than I expected with cute little features.
Does what I wanted. Great!
Nice features
It has so much information at your disposal, wonderful.
Does what it says. Sound and solid.
Great app.
Love it !!!! Great graphics
Love it !!!! Great graphics
Great new concept. Visually appealing
Missing a wallpaper, but good organization of weather forecast.
I love it, great app!!!
Its pretty good and it runs smoothly...
Good stuff
Great app.
Screen to screen scroll animation are a bit sluggish on the new gnex, but very tidy and neat overall. Keep it up. Also a non image background option would be an neat addition, and also keep things even more simple ICS style.
Cool
Cool
It's light and pretty.
I love apps that have beautiful design! Hope got radar for countries outside US
So far so good!
I just added this app. Really liking it so far.
I just added this app. Really liking it so far.
Great app with an original look and feel. Would like to be able to change the color of the notifications, but other than that no complaints.
Great design. Nice and simple with accurate forecasts. However, if using the app outside the US, it might narrow down your location to the nearest capital city.
So far so good
Super cool
Fluent, smooth and nice animations.
Nice. Wish it had time zones.
1weather good...beer bad.
Cool weather app very smooth!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's the best weather app period.
minimalist, yet functional and beautiful.. best weather app on android. installed on Samsung GS 2
Very simple and accurate  widget to use Samsung galaxy 4g
Would get 5 stars if it had a 10 day forecast also.
So far-so good.
Great view and graphics.
Get rid of twitter and please add 4x1 Widget for a five star.
Would be a five if there was a wide 4x1 widget or a full screen widget.
Will work with 1Weather and see how it compares to MyCast, which uses more memory.
Real good
More widgets !
I'll keep it
Need to be able to get rid of certain sections of the app - tweets, photos, radar, etc. Will buy when this feature is implemented. Otherwise beautiful app.
It's a nice design but needs more widgets (forecast and dare I say it.....a radar widget)
While the app looks great, many of the ads really clash with the sleek look.
Needs windchill added and ill rate it a 5
Works great 1 of best free apps
Beautiful and accurate
why can't I have auto refresh off and still have status bar notification?
Just downloaded works really so far
The best weather app I've ever had
Does what it says.
Many options work well.
Great app! One of the best in the market. Would give it 5 stars if you could zoom in further on the radar map.
Will get 5 stars if/when larger widgets (4x1 & 4x2) are developed.
Would like to see the"feels like" temperature
Finally! Radar, current weather, and everything i want in a weather app in one place.  Uninstalled weather bug and went pro. Funky widget too!
But not shabby
I uninstallrd The Weather Channel app today. Enough said!
Everything is amazing !!!!
Neat interface concept. Unfortunately the radar is subpar compared to weatherbug or the weather channel app, though they have their own shortcomings. Still waiting for the ultimate weather app...
The most fascinating weather UI by far! One star missing for failing to find my city by GPS (Athens, Greece) had to input manually
Would like the widget to show wind speed but a personal preference
Looks good
This is a great app
Not as colorful as one might wa nt but alot of information, I might give 5stars after further investigation.
Great app. Easy intuitive access to all the things you need. Good looking interface.. But we should be able to change the notification area temp to the actual temp, not just the "feels like" temp.
Great app!
Very different
I like the idea of it. It's fast and light weight...but not liking the black contrast when I pull down notifications.
Works great on commando.
Love the interface and the ability to customize. Don't know about the accuracy yet, just got the app.
Very clean and simple. Nice graphics.
Weather channel kept locking up so I went for this app and I think it's great!  I only recommend allowing map of weather to pan out further;)
Its. Cool. App. So far. Not. Bad
Need the ability to change the color of the widget. I don't like the brown color and it looks horrible with my wallpapers. Other than that, the app is awesome!
Love the visualizations and widget but the twitter feed needs some work. Only thing that appears in my feed is gay sex tweets.... Wtf?
The interface is great and has almost all of my weather related apps.  I still use a different radar application. As well, the temperature that shows in the notifications area is always different than what shows up in the widget or in the application, even after I refresh.
Best weather app out, minus a few things.....every time i share the weather through the app to Facebook, it wants to advertise the app instead of showing the weather.  The widget needs to be updated, does not flow with the main UI of the app and looks outdated.  The status notification does not automatically starts after a reboot of the phone. other than that i recommend this over any other weather app as this is not a battery hungry app.
It's really nice when you are on the app but the widgets are small and kinda boring.
I hate notifications you can't clear from the bar. For some reason I am also unable to disable the function in the settings. Back to 5 stats when fixed!  EDIT: I saw another review that had the same problem and a fix. Updated rating a bit, but still not happy with the change
Love the way it looks. Just would like to change the color of the notification
Love this weather app, excellent work! Love the widget also, but would be nice if I could choose the colour of the temperature bar (brown is not really my favourite colour).
Missing 'real feel' temp, but still nice
The only things it lacks are automatic location detection, and more granular weather data.
Title says it all... Great app, great widget. Would love to see the ability to use a custom background image though... doesn't seem to be a way to change beyond what comes with the app and can't seem to side-load any other images.
The app itself is beautiful.  I love the style and the features and info I can get, but the widget is what I'm liking the least, and that's why this only gets 4 stars from me.  Only a 2x2 widget?  I would love to be able to have a 4x1 widget to rest on the bottom of my screen.  The current widget feels cramped and lacking.  I like weatherbug's 4x1 widget b/c I can have today's current conditions, plus the next few days.  It's a nice little mini forcast to see w/out opening the app itself.  And I'm not sure what the little upside down umbrella is all about.... =/  It's cute, but I don't see the purpose.  Beautiful app, but needs a better widget, or more options for the current one. :)
The app itself is beautiful.  I love the style and the features and info I can get, but the widget is what I'm liking the least, and that's why this only gets 4 stars from me.  Only a 2x2 widget?  I would love to be able to have a 4x1 widget to rest on the bottom of my screen.  The current widget feels cramped and lacking.  I like weatherbug's 4x1 widget b/c I can have today's current conditions, plus the next few days.  It's a nice little mini forcast to see w/out opening the app itself.  And I'm not sure what the little upside down umbrella is all about.... =/  It's cute, but I don't see the purpose.  Beautiful app, but needs a better widget, or more options for the current one. :)
This weather app has a great looking but yet simple to use UI. Has a minimalistic look with no lag. Has the option for a continues notification in the status bar as well. Only downside is you can't choose what to have displayed in the notification. Only gives real feel and current weather condition.
Works fine. I think the radar map needs layers, ability to pan, and ability for zooming. CDMA Galaxy Nexus.
As a paid weather bug elite user, I like the interface of 1weather. Only thing that preventing me from making 1weather my main app for weather is the lack of weather widgets. I would rather have a 3-5 day widget with a tad bit more "professional" look.
I like it! thanks
Please allow greater customization.  Allow to have actual OR feels like temp in the status bar.  Also allow for 2 and 3 hr refresh.
Tells me info I want to know in a clean and beautiful design.
Just needs to be able to auto track where I am, and perhaps let me choose where to get weather updates from.
A wealth of weather info in a gorgeous package that works flawlessly. Only the lack of detail on the radar info is a detractor.
4 stars for an impressive app/widget.  5 stars when it supports radar maps for Canada
Good: looking stunning, accuracy of the weather is good, temp on the bar look great.   Bad: background not very good chosen, it was nice that the background to change with the weather, it was good to be able to change the color.
Needs a better forecast widget, the one it comes with is underwhelming, with better widget gets five stars easily.
Widget keeps vanishing from the screen on my RAZR Maxx.
The ads ruin the look of the app. Very jarring. It would be nice to have a selection of widgets.
I do not want the temperature in my notification bar. At least give me the option to disable it
Strong and useful weather app.
Great app! Love the weather alerts!
I wish the widget could track your location though
I like this so far (only had it 1 or2 days). The interface has a fun feel while still giving me what I need. Some customization capability but I would like to see a bit more. Def worth a try
Beautiful design, looks awesome! Need to improve radar though. It looks horrible and is very low resolution. Improve that and its a 5 Star App!
nice apperence good app to have.
Not a bad weather app although not that much better than the widget that came with my phone.
Great app! Just wish it was smoother
I love this app.  I have tried most others and this is my favorite.  I love the precipitation page. Very clean interface.
Love it! Like the presentation,  too.
Please add chance of precipitation to the 7 Day Forecast
The weather photo page....where do those photos come from and bow can I contribute?? I am not allowed to participate so that page is not as attractive to me.
I like the way it has everything in one place.
I like this. And its not nosey about permissions
Awesome app, though it seems a little sluggish on my galaxy nexus. Might be due to the ads.
I love the interface. It is very robust and informative. However there is considerable lag in animations and swiping between screens. If the lag was fixed it would be 5 stars. Galaxy Nexus.
Would like some widget opportune like themes ect. Otherwise best weather app out there in terms of functionality.
I'm loving this app on my Incredible 2, would love to see a tablet version.  That widget would look wiked on my Thrives home screen.
Awesome interface, notifications are great. Radar sucks, I use raindar to supplement. Tweets and pics are useless, would like to turn off. Also would like hour by hour and better visual forcast maps. Still paying for ad free!
I use this app in conjunction with another. Mainly because I like to use celcius but the people around me use fahrenheit.
as the title says
It's a pretty decent app. Need to see how much memory it takes in the background. Would be nice to have an option to remove useless tweets and pictures. Other than., nice
Clean, gives you what you need to know to plan your day!
Kool apps
Good, easy to use weather. Only time will tell how accurate it is. Very user friendly.
This is definitely the best looking weather app but it has some flaws which affect it's functionality. First, the notification for the weather warnings come on way too often. Anything can trigger it and I get them on a daily basis. No, I don't live in tornado alley or anything. Then, when you click on it, you get taken to the warning page of the app, except it never loads. Just empty page. Another issue is once you select a city, you are locked into it. You have to go back to the selection page to get weather from another city. I would prefer a way, using gestures, to quickly switch cities.
Awesome weather widget! Love it! Gets the job done!
Just needs a time & weather widget for the front screen :-)
Nice app. Works well.
Very handy widget for instant weather at your finger tips.
Really nice apply.   Interesting. Cool. Works very well.
Nice, but ads annoying
Great program.
Does what it says it will do. Good graphics.
I love the app! The app itself is awesome! But the widget isn't working for me. I don't like the circular style. Plus, having the temp in the status bar would be great, pull it down and see the current temp and forecast.
App is great but needs more widget selections.
This is by far the best weather apparently in the universe!!
Well thought out. Gives you the basic data you're most likely to need, right on the cover page, and makes drilling down for specifics really easy.
Well thought out. Gives you the basic data you're most likely to need, right on the cover page, and makes drilling down for specifics really easy.
Well thought out. Gives you the basic data you're most likely to need, right on the cover page, and makes drilling down for specifics really easy.
Very good looking app  plenty of options, nice widget and does what it's meant to.
Its a bit jittery in frame rate ... but better than the other ones I have tried .
Unfortunately, I was hoping for some way to get a permanent notification icon for the temperature and this app doesn't have that. Also I agree with another users review, the widget is nice looking but overall less functional than my other weather apps because they offer more variety.
Once it has additional themes we will get to 5. Great app and very informative.
I love the widget / and everything it can do / it looks real nice, too
Great and would be greater if it could show local times of day for non-home locations.
Love the graphics
Would have been five if the widget was available when I downloaded the app. But other than that great
Easily the best weather app, but that goofy circular 2x2 widget wastes too much screen real estate for too little info. Give me a proper 4x1 4-day forecast widget with good transparency, and I'll be able to uninstall the largely unmaintained GO Weather and award that 5th star to 1Weather.
Very nice app just wish there were more widget options such as a 4 x1 extended forecast.
Am I missing how to put the temp in notification bar? Seems like a standard feature.
The only reason it gets a 4 instead of full 5 star rating is the lackluster widget options. 2x2 only?? Come on gimme some of that beautiful 4x4 ui you have running in the app...
Why no precipitation actual or forecast on actual day.. Precipitation in inches on tomorrow with cool cup of water graphic, but only percentage probability on today.. Otherwise, I very nice looking.
Why pic s can't be set as wall paper
So much better than the "other" program I used.
Works great on my evo lte   Not at all on my touch pad ;-(
One of the most beautiful and informative weather apps with an equally awesome and better designed widget.
Just hooked  up beta version-much improved map & settings etc. Thanks ERIC  ;-)
Me gusta esta aplicasion
Awesome
Haven't had any issues. Love having the temp in the status bar!
Very pretty design, and the notification is nice so I can see the degrees from any app, and I like how switching cities is seamless!
Using this on a Droid 4, works great
Accurate so far I love the multiple ways of seeing the weather and chances of rain sadly we r still on burn ban but all is good great app keep it up
I very much like having the whole weather forecast.
Get it   Real  live weather...
So lag
...WEATHER APP EVER!!! I would pay for an ad-less version  ;-)
Great interface
But can you please make it easier to access the list of cities? A swipe to the right would be better than pressing on my city's small name :)
I've paid for a couple; this is the best by far. Best layout & info. Now just need a version that's compatible with the Nexus 7!
"It's pretty awesome" - my wife
Love tadar always being up
This is pretty accurate. Don't like the ads, but for an app this good and for free who cares.  Ten Stars...
I swear this app helps me every where I go love it!!!!...
Very cool, lot of option
Works great on my one X
Follow my location is accurate and updates as set.
Love it
I think it is very informative.
Looks and works perfectly. Great design and widget
Great tool
This is a great app
Operator friendly
well done app. i use it all the time!
Look it has everything you really need in a simple and pleasant user interface.  The people who wrote this get it.  Most weather apps suck.  This one gets the info out there without being obnoxious.
Fun weather app! Nice, nice, nice. Best weather app I have come across. The info you want is right there. Not real crazy about the colors, maybe you could have it so you can change font color. Otherwise love it.
Just downloaded it. Thrilled that it can be moved to the SD card as I gave up on weather apps because of memory issues..beautiful graphics & smooth funtionality...Everything I could want in one app.
Love it!!!!!!!! Better than any other i have used!!!!!
Love it
All I can say is...AWESOME!
This app let me know what was going on when I need to know it. It is a Bert trusted app of mine.
Nice
Great app
I departed with a long time friend when i found out about this app! Good by weather channel!
I love this app. Keep it up guy.
Best weather app on the market except the widget doesn't update on its own, which defeats the purpose of the widget. Please fix soon!
Works wonderful. Keep up the good work!
I can't get a widget. Idk if its my phone or the app. Definitely will replace my weather bug elite. UPDATE: rebooted the phone and work like a charm Gnex
Only thing missing is a pollen report that the weather network has. This app is great on the battery. Widget can also be improved if those 2 umbrellas disappear. The should only appear when its raining because its a bit of a downer to always see umbrellas on the widget. Replace umbrella with a nice POP number.
Beautiful app and I love the features.
Really beautiful and functional, provides you with loads of info. Just got it and decided to pay to remove the adds, so I'm hoping the forecasts are reliable. The only thing would be it could offer a bigger choice of widgets. Other than that best app I've used so far.
This app is great but often it displays a question mark instead of the weather and I have to go in the app for it to update the weather. Would be 4 stars because of this issue but since you answer people's reviews I have no problem giving you and extra star
Nice app...works well...pretty accurate...and fun to play with.
Works great
It does everything I need. I really like the tidbit about stormchasers.
I love this weather app! It is so well rounded and includes radar.
I can have multiple widgets for different location
best weather app ever
Great app! Works as described! Lot's of options in customizing.def worth getting the paid to get rid of ads, although there not that bad.
Moar.
Awesome app! Very recommended.
This is my favorite weather app. The widgets are very useful. I have one for each of my most commonly visited cities. I bought the paid version, which removes the ads and actually makes the app faster.  Would love to have it on my Nexus 7, which is not yet supported.  I hope it will be soon because I really miss this great app.
best and minimalistic looking weather app for now. hoop they're adding transparent and background choise from gallery. also hoop for them to add radar for countries outside the US. a keeper for sure
I Love this app!
love the app. my one complaint is that the temperature in the status bar is kind of ugly. If it was made more classy... It would be awesome! Inside the notifications, it looks great.
...till I saw this beautiful one. (and accurate so far)
This app looks great and has nice features.  I really don't have any complaints about it.  Very easy to use and works well on my ZTE Warp.
Love integration in status bar
Awesome App
Coolest weather app ever?
Excellent
Very accurate for me ... waiting for a warning so I know I can rely on it, do the warnings work for Canada?
Nice app
The best weather app on market
I think its great. Love it
I like the app, it's well designed but you should be able to zoom out to see all of USA. Very limited on range, if incoming weather is more than a couple hrs away you can't see on radar.
Only suggestion is to include more widgets
Words cannot express how maverlous this weather app is. Try it
Probably the best looking and functioning weather app out there.
Awesome!
Outstanding
By and far the best weather app I've used. One slight issue that I'm sure will be fixed soon: on Jelly Bean, the notification bar information looks a little off: it's two colors and the font doesn't change to look like the other notifications. Best weather app regardless! Good info, easy to use radar, and that notification bar issue withstanding, beautiful!
Best looking weather app in the market and it has all the features the big guys offer in a more intuitive design.
Great app!
App is gorgeous, wish there was a paid add free version though
This app is by far the best. Doesn't use too much battery and has a very clean and organized layout. Also it actually shows weather for where im at.
Best weather app for android! However needs a tablet version t work on nexus 7 and others.
Best weather app on android.please add the option to set custom backgrounds to make it perfect..
Extremely awesome app.. Great great job.. Every thing in this app is well done..
Great
Works and looks great.
Just downloaded this app 5 minutes ago and already love it! As someone else stated earlier, would love a paid version to get rid of the ads. Otherwise, its terrific! Found out about this app because I was updating Tweetcaster. HTC MyTouch 4G
This is a beautifully designed app that is clean, functional and unobtrusive. The weather alerts feature - runs in the background & warns of extreme conditions with a red triangle in the notifications bar. Problem is, there's been a red triangle almost every day! I don't know whether to blame this on the app or the Natl. Weather Service, but there is no way in the app to customize the alert level, so the feature is fairly useless. Pretty much a "Boy Who Cried Wolf" situation. Still, it's a good app.
Well thought out. Visually pleasing. No errors. Great widget. Great notification bar option.
This app is my favorite weather app, I love the gorgeous screens and classy widget.  It's the Nicest weather app to look at and provides all the info I need quickly and easily. However, I really wish I could set the background to be different reprising in the weather and use custom backgrounds as well.  This feature would make it even more of a joy to use.
Works fantastic on my EVO 4g lte!  5 stars!
Awesome
Very accurate...
I tried half a dozen different weather apps before settling on this one for its speed, quality, and good interface. It works everywhere reliably, and stays out of your way. Excellent app.
But the widget is the ugliest ever.
Fantastic!
Fantastic!
Such a nice looking app,  very accurate love it!
Nice app
I think its one of the best wither app out there .... but i think its widget need alil ... after all its gd one
Ya not much to say,  it's the best, I would like options to change the theme / color scheme of the widget and maybe a option to attach a clock to it.
Supper
A great looking and highly functional app. Developers listen to users and make improvements. Great job!
Best weather so far
Love the animations and the utility of the widget layout. 2 requests for future hourly forecast, and the ability to change backgrounds in the app please. Again a rock star of a solid app keep it up
Who thought a weather app could be so sweet!
I absolutely love this app on my SGS2, wish it was 'compatible' with my Nexus 7
Works well on my LG MARQUEE :-)
Gives you alot of info. Very nice look and feel to it.
This app works well but it would be nice be able to center the radar to current location.  The pictures are cool would like to be able to downlpad.  Some pics have nothing to do with weather.
Nice works well
Friggin amazing
Best weather app out there.  Great design and functionality.
Beautiful app, love it! The widget is intuitive and the design is unique.
In my area this is wonderful.
It really saved us when we were camping and traveling through a BAD storm...
One Louder strikes again. Good clean and concise app. My advice, buy the add free version.
Beautiful application, refreshing ui.
Love this application. The only thing you need to change is the weather widget. The round widget, not good. Hopefully theres an option to change widget looks. Its only a round and kinda borring
What an app. The design esthetic is beautiful. It's intuitive use is well above average. I would like to see more detail, perhaps an hourly option. And the tweets would mean more if they were more central to actual weather and locale. But I brag when I show this app off.
Used many apps but this one is the best among them. Love it.
Gives me the info I'm looking 4!
I want to love this app, but the temperature hasn't been accurate too often. Beautiful UI, but it has to be accurate, too.
Love this.
Very happy with this app, best one I've used so far
I downloaded 4 other apps before this one, and this is by a mile the best.
Great widget and interface. Keeps my home screen looking sleek :-)
The best looking weather app on Android by far. Beautiful interface and widget.
PLEASE
not bad
This is the best weather app I've seen so far.  It's very easy to use and gives you quick access to radar view.
Love the hourly forecast and iys always on point .
One of the best weather apps.
Very nice ...do what it is suppose to do....
So cleverly designed there is lots of info clearly displayed in a tiny footprint app. Love it. Galaxy S2
Best weather app ive tried so far and ive tried a lot!
Great weather app if not the greatest on the market its very user friendly and updated requently
Awesome ui and love the widget. Just needs time adding and it would be a complete clock weather app replacement
Great app like a lot. Except if there can be animations in the widget too.
Never gets the temp even close.  It's always at least 10 degrees off from every other source available.  You are the weakest link. Goodbye!
This app has come a long way. I'm super impressed at how it is now. I love it, its accurate and alerts me to whatever is happening, weather wise, in my area!!!
Very cool app. Many features my former weather app didn't have.
Best weather app I have come across. Great job Dev!
...so far.
Well there's the free version with adds and the paid version without ads. The ads are overwhelming and incredibly annoying. So if you want to use this app which is good expect to buy the paid version
You guys made a great app. I love this app because I can prepare for my upcoming vacation. Keep up the great work guys
A weather app that's fun to use!
Ever since I found out that the stock weather app that came with me Samsung Galaxy SII was a battery hog, I have been on the lookout for a suitable replacement. While there are tons of options out there, one prettier than the other, this app went the other way by focusing on function over photo realism.  By no means does it mean that the app is not pretty. It is simple and elegant. Once you get used to the whimsical icons, you need just a glance to tell you everything you really need - daily and weekly forecasts, warning messages and radar info, etc.  Finally the widget is the icing on the cake. Simple, understated and - most importantly - useful.  Have been using the free version till now, think it is time to get the paid version.
Better than the other weather apps out there!
Best looking weather app i've seen and it's accurate too.
Is there something to see the historial of ny location without adding it ? Really need to know.
Great little app!
Much easier to use and more features than the weather channel app.
Excellent.
Fabulous! Can't say enough how much I love this weather app. It is clean, ez to use, with great graphics and accurate. Love the ease of satellite access and organization of the display info! Great app. Love it more than weather apps I have paid for!!  :))
Does what it says and more
Excellent
Great app..good job
Nice looking app and runs well on my crufty old "OG" EVO. Haven't noticed much battery impact and info seems pretty accurate. Severe weather warnings are handy. Keep up the good work!
Functionality is excellent. Ads are positioned in a non intrusive location
Faster loading and visually stunning coming from weather bug. Great app!
Wow!  I'm really impressed!  I had left a scathing review earlier, months ago, but I am VERY pleased with your improvements!  WELL DONE! Droid Razr.
I used to love go weather but they decided to add push ads which was very annoying. This has ads too but was simple and subtle :) highly recommended!
Superb by far the best weather application ever
Nice app...easy to use....
Great weather app. Clean and informative.
Excellent
what's up always keep me updated on all weather alerts
what's up always keep me updated on all weather alerts
Simple, handy, practical and quick. That's what I needed.
Great app for my Nexus Prime!
Hands down best weather app.... I've tried them all and none compare
This is so clear and easy to read..especially like the precipitation levels, shame radar only for US..pretty accurate and i like the widget its different.
Good application a+++++++
Everything about this is so good!!!
Everything about this is so good!!!
It tells me everything I need to know with the current weather.
Gorgeous app and widget. Love the brown! P.S. Notifications look ugly on Jellybean.
So many different options to choose from! This app really has it all for anyone looking to get more than a four day forecast.
I like the interface and widget.
Good looking app.
5/5
Everything you could want or need in a nice tidy, user friendly, handsome package.
Nice weather app.
Love this app. Like the animation. Better than weatherchannel app.
Wanted an app that provided a clean interface and widget.  After having the free version for an hour I knew I wanted the ad free experience.  Worth every penny.  The controls are intuitive and a ton of information packed in the app.  Thanks for a great resource that I have at my fingertips.
Check it all the time. Lots of valuable info
Love it.
I have an LG Revolution and 1Weather runs faster and twice as well than any other weather app on the market.  It's my go-to app!  It's beautiful!  I love how so many display options are available to me.
Enough said.
Great app very helpful looks excellent!!!!
Just brilliant
Just the best weather app. Only bad point is radar page doesn't cover The UK
This is an awesome app
Definitely worth a try.
I would love a paid version to get rid of the ads. I love the look and flow of the app. The widgit is super cute! Edit: I see that if I go to settingss I can go Pro. Sweet!
Awesome!
This is one of the best apps
Just what I wanted and more
Saw this app in a YouTube video and decided to try it out. Best weather app to look at and get information from! Great job!
Finally a weather app I like. It's simple ,informative and super easy to navigate.
Really unique and fun app to use.  Its the only weather apparently I use and most every day. Great design, and that's what I'm hoping other apps will follow suite on.. the design. A lot of care went into this and its easily worth $5+
Best weather app, radar and rain AND advisory notices. Very sleek looking also
Anything this good looking can make the odd mistake & you'll still love it to bits. Possibly lacks a few of the bells & whistles of it's rival apps but if you like good looks over brains, this could just be for you!...
Good app
cleanest, clearest, and most informed weather app I've seen
cleanest, clearest, and most informed weather app I've seen
Gorgeous app and accurate weather. Has unique features like moon phases and tweets about your local weather. A stellar app.
It's the most comprehensive weather app out there.  Highly recommend.
It has nice graphics too without all the clutter of other apps.
Pretty and useful,thanks!
This app is the fifth weather app that I have tried. It it also the last.
Best weather app out there.
Its awesome
Nice and simple App as like WMD Weather, plz add more Widgets of different style and also app background. Give option to select background from gallery.
usually radar is pretty difficult to manage on a Droid. for that alone, this app is worth it! plus, it updates the temp and it's displayed discretely, freeing up home screen space.
See above
Easily the best weather app I have tried. Simple, yet elegant interface. Up and running in seconds. Even a stumblebum like me had no issues.
One of the best weather apps out there !
One of the best weather apps out there !
Very slick and useful
very handy with nice different design
Utterly adorable & a great user interface.
Best looking weather app.
Good and you would like it
Nuff said :P
Great! Love this app.
Perhaps my favorite weather app!
One of the most intuitive weather apps out there.
Coolest weather app ever.
Extremely accurate and looks great!
Extremely accurate and looks great!
Extremely accurate and looks great!
Androidhotspot0367.wap
The notifications aren't smart. They never get my county right. Please fix
The weather changed suddenly and this app picked it up immediately!  Nice format..would like audible alerts though
Elegant. Does what it is supposed to do.
Best android weather app bar none
Love this app. Lets me keep track of multiple locations with ease. Heartily recommend.
The most beautiful thing on my screen is the widget
Clean, easy & useful. This is the weather app you want.
Best weather app i've used, saves to sd card!!!
Good app just installed.
It has the info I need and looks so nice.
works great ...
I'd buy but it doesn't support radar outside USA
But the weather forecast is not as accurate as local reported, and required longer refresh time.
Tremendous weather app. Usability is unmatched. Extremely light in resource use.
Works Great on my EVO 4G:)
Much awaited update  :-)
Good application
Very nice weather app
Very cool
Excellent app, though Widget sometimes dies and stops updating
Gives you everything you need.  I love the simple layout.
Great weathet app.   Everything you can think of is on there and easy to find. Give it a try!
Just the right amount of info for, love it
Helps alot when on the run
Precise n always informative
I like how it has all of the info but different take on the classic design of other Android weather apps.
Easily the best weather app I have put on my phone in a long time:-)
I'm not one for installing app that I don't use, I've had this app a few days and it's great, probably the best weather app that is out there. Very user friendly.
Fast, powerful, great weather info, tools and widget.
Everything I ever wanted to know about the weather at my local!
Awesome application
Awesome application
definitely liking the app these days. has all the stuff I like which includes "my location" and multiple saved locations including those little spots that most other weather apps lack. I wouldn't mind the option to choose more background though. I think I'll be upgrading for the pay version very soon.
Best weather widet hands down.
Great app
Awesome... so far...
Great app
Love it!
Perfect blend of sharp looks and functionality!
Super.
Small with lots of info.
Nice little app!
The most beautiful and free weather app accessible
Very pretty and works well
Best weather app around 5 stars
I like it!
Keeps me informed of severe weather
Neat and nice!!!
Seems to work great. Beautiful app. Can't believe it is free.  Needs landscape support.
Really good app. Let's face it, the weather is pretty mundane, but this app makes it much more interesting.
I don't use this word often but...... this is awesome
Best
Great weather map. Fun to look up places .!!!!!
Would be nice to know where the pics are from and how to submit. Would be nice if u could zoom out on the radar map to see the whole country. Also need more detail or a different lookin screen for the 24 hour forcast. My only complaints so far.
Very nice app
Excellent app must have for everyone
Shows raining, lightening on screen...
Awesome app.  By far best free 1
Yep!
I have tries many different weather apps and this one is my favorite. Beautiful UI, all the basic info I need. Also, its use of words like 'comfortable' or 'mild' to describe how it feels outside is nice.
Very useful and nice to look at!
Slick app!
All u need in one app! Love it!
Great weather app
Great weather app
It is better than the weather channel and Acuweather put to gether.
Great app. I really love this!
Awesome,
I like it
Awesome! Love the status bar degree icon! Best widget in class.
Cool
Cool
Nice
should have a home screen widget for it. Still great app though.
Very good app I like it gives you lots of info but in a nice way
Good
Works very good.. one of the best weather apps I have used..
Would love to see some allergy index settings.
I love it! Would easily pay for a version free of ads.
Great looking, easy to use weather app with all the features you need in a weather application! Nice looking colors & interface as well, definitely worth upgrading to the PRO version!
Best weather app I ever used. Used on Samsung galaxy s2 and htc rezound.
Has all the required features. Not so heavy.
I'm a big weather enthusiast and this app. tells me everything I need to know :) i highly recommend it
Outstanding, nice n simple, also very informative.
In a modern way
Top app.Definitely the best weather app I have tried.The pics would be really great if they gave exact location..but that's just a minor gripe.Keep up the good work,much appreciated,
Love it beautiful app
I would love this app even more if it updates weather forecast based on your GPS location. It gets annoying to have to switch locations several times a day as I travel for my job.
im lovin it
I like the way it present the weather information
Luv it, great graphics!
I really love this app! I will be traveling this summer and I can check the weather wherever I go
Best weather app I've s seen!
weather1 is the best app I've ever downloaded.
Best weather app there is
This app is very nice and easy to use. Love it!
Love it
Accurate and nice to look at
Awesome app
So much better and nicer looking than the weather channel and weather bug. I went pro as soon as I downloaded this. It would be cool if the background changed with the current weather. But still awesome non the less. THANK YOU! OH, the widget is beautiful too.
I love this app. So simple and easy. It keeps changing the temp and the warnings etc are just awesome. I like this more the than the weather channel or weather underground.  Got my hubby and kids hooked on it and now they have the app on their phone. My sis in the US Virgin Islands have this app too.. just awesome...
Even after app is open and updated.
Works good
This is a good source of info so far.  I've only been using it for two days though.
Love this app. Lots of relevant information. Intuitive controls. Very well thought out program.
I live in Illinois and for the past 2 days it's giving me weather warnings for Nebraska and Ohio! If it's not fixed soon I'm uninstalling :(
Sowohl die App ansich, als auch das Widget sind schön gestaltet und übersichtlich. Einzig die Werbung nervt, aber die Entwicklung muss ja irgendwie finanziert werden.
Lovely app!
I have tried a few weather apps and by far this one of the best
Pulls up my location and correctly forecast
A simple yet stunning delight to the eyes. A 4x2 widget is required
Love
Best one that I have found! I tell all my friends about it!
Could.you guys make a square widget the circle doesn't fit in my homescreen ...thanks
Great app!!!
devels got a responsive ticket system and support is working on requests fast. if there are radar maps available for non us this app is worth to get rid of ads.
Needs a paid app so the ads can be gone... other then that its awesome! Best weather app out there...
Work good
Mst
Really love the application. Great amount of information and fantastic widget.
Visuals are great. Love the weather in the notification bar ;)
Love it
Best weather app out there.
Great
Love it!!!
Great app for international travel!
Very
Very
Nice App!!
Love it!! Hands down the best..
Love it!! Hands down the best..
Best weather app I've had,  widget is cool but don't like brown color,  need options
Awesome app! I've down loaded tons of apps but only rated 2! This one is the best weather app...has it all, including radar. Nice job!!
Great app.
Great app. The most smoothest and prettiest weather app out there.
Does what it says, wish I could change the look of the widget though
The pictures from that dude's back yard must go. He drives a Prius and the weather where he lives is boring.
Very nice and so far accurate.
Great app
More widgets please :)
SGS2
Absolutely love it!
I've tried several other high rated applications that do the same job. But none have been as good.
I've tried several other high rated applications that do the same job. But none have been as good.
Stoholm not in the Denmark! But nice app! :-)
Awesome, easy to use, excellent animation, fun to use!
Great program but why cheesey radar screen
there many opptions that I like. Radar is good
there many opptions that I like. Radar is good
Works great, give it a try you will too!
Better than rest of the crap in the market.
This app is beautiful. Works pretty great but I noticed that it isn't always updating every 30 minutes. Also, there's something about the notification number on the status bar that doesn't look right. It almost looks as if it's stretched vertically Lol But anyway, with a bit of polish this app will be perfect :)
Gives me proper information.
Smooth
weather application.
Very detailed and accurate.
This is the weather app I've been looking for. It has everything I need and several things I didn't know existed.
Never a day my forecast was wrong
App works great and looks great on my Galaxy Nexus; glad I went pro to remove those ads and get the full experience.    I love the small animation touches and the increase in responsiveness! Thanks Dev!
Absolutly excellent!
This is by far the best weather app I have tried! Every thnig I need to know is represened and easy to get to. It's clean, crisp and fast!
I love this app but sometimes i have to uninstall and restall to get the rader to load
Most weather apps provide current conditions and forecasts...the best ones show accurate to radar so you can see how conditions are developing.  I found this app's radar images to be inaccurate e.g. showed rain in the area after it cleared long ago and clear while raining.  The radar images seem to be older than the timestamp indicates.  Going back to WeatherBug.
This is one of the best weather apps for Android phones. Simple, easy to read, yet informative. The cute little animations are a nice touch and add polish. Precipitation page is also nice, many other apps do not provide the rainfall meter. Try it, and it'll probably be a keeper.  Please remain free, and looking forward to a Tablet version.
Very clean UI.. well supported
Easy to use
Really good app! I love the font with it!
Best weather app. Ever
This is the best weather app I have used.
Clean, crisp app.
Clean, crisp app.
Definitely the best-looking, smoothest, fastest and cleanest weather app I've tried out. I've tried every single one of them too..some both free and purchased. I travel a lot so my location changes constantly and the app after last upgrades finally does location-reporting. like other apps. About to go with the pro version!
Easy, accurate, nice to look at.
Comes in handy & better than "The Weather Channel" app
Very nice app. Updates like its supposed to an gives u alot of information. I really like it. Make the widget bigger an add some flair an it will b a 5 it updates when it wants to
This is an outstanding app with an equally outstanding widget.
Love it!
Wish it had bigger clean widget.
One of the best apps on android period
Works great! Really love the devs for their hard work and listening to users and working on fixes and improvements.
Handsomly designed .... Looks awesome on my gs2
Always up to date and very accurate.
I honestly didn't check the weather until I got this app. I didn't like any of the various widgets. Now I always know the whether the same way I always know the time. I really like that it displays the refresh time in the notification pull down so I know the time of the displayed temperature. No complaints here.   +1 Devs were responsive when I had an issue with my in-app purchase of the pro version.
I am amazed at this weather app!
Good job
Luv it... Its always accurate 4 the area i'm n. & changes the area as i go from place 2 place w/o me having 2 save diff places.
This weather app has a lot of features!
WoW!
My fave weather app, i love the widget, very neat
Good app
A lot of functionality and it looks great.
I'm not a fan of OneLouder.  I think that Friendcaster is the biggest piece of garbage out there.  But this application is truly a work of art, and the forecasts are quite good as well!  Definitely a keeper compared to Yahoo, MyCrap, and WeatherSuck.
Awesome application
Awesome application
Great all around app
Excellent, the best weather on Android
Nice weather app
Gives a good snap shot of daily weather
Gives a good snap shot of daily weather
Love it!!
Allows you to check weather anywhere
Great app love it!
Best weather app!
Without doubt the weather app / widget with the most information in an easy to use interface.
Yolo
best of all weather app. Its minimalistic design is so gorgeous .
Great app i use it on my droid bionic and it works greater than the weather channel
Best I have seen yet!
Works great
Keeps on removing my locations. Got tired of re-setting them..
Everything about this weather app is superb. I had been using a local tv station weather app because I liked the location weather forecast and the radar, but after using this app for just a little while I am in love. The graphics on this app are pleasing and not overdone. I haven't used the widgets because I like to conserve as much juice as possible, but I installed the widget for a second to see what it looked like and it wasn't bad. It doesn't take up too much space but gives you the info that you want.
Works great on my Sprint EVO Shift
Can't get much better.
I wish I could set it to more traditional colors and icons, but functionally it's the best one.
Great options on this weather apply.
What more can you really ask of a weather app then to be up to date and crisp, awesome app
Topped my battery and data usage charts. For a weather app...
I'm 47 and am very picky about what I put in/on my cell phone.
Very good app
A
VERY NICELY CREATED APP. TRY IT YOU'LL LOVE IT.
Awesome...enough said.
This is the best weather app... By far. Thank you.
Please fix this app it no  longer gives me my correct  location it keeps giving me a different location everytime I open the app my GPS is turned on and it still can't find me it use to
Great application. Must have.
Would be cool for actual and "feels like" for notification pull-down, with one or the other to show at all times. Useful in winter when it feels like 35 but the roads are frozen because it's really 30. Also, severe alerts need an option to turn off vibrate, and they should be more localized. I keep getting alerts that are 100 miles away from me. Not sure if that's just the NWS or the app.
Provides the information I want to see.  The weather alerts are especially good to have.
Low on memory and Beautiful UI
Simple and easy to use!
Nice execution. Smooth animations. Beautiful app.
Very nice app. I have no comment. Does its job, i am very happy.
This weather app is the best one I've found. It is quite responsive and gives lots of details and is very intuitive to use. I just wish I could adjust which type of advisory messages it presents.
Gives you everything you need to know clear and precise.
A very good app good work one louder
Needs a better widget but outstanding app nonetheless.
Simple, elegant, a delight.
best weather app out right now
Nice UI and works great
This app works flawlessly. It gives hazardous weather alerts and works smoothly. I use this app for all my weather needs. Keep up the great work.
thank you
Tablet support please! Rooted 4.0.4
Awesome!
Best weather apparently and I've tried em all.
Best weather app I've found yet! OneLouder does it again!
Smooth!
This application is great. Sometimes I wonder why I get severe weather alerts that aren't for my area, but that isn't too much of a concern for me.
Works really good EVO 3d
works well
Simplistic and beutiful! Put my nexus one in a state of power feeding frenzy however and so I had to uninstall it. Running vanilla v2.3.3 android.
Yay
Works great here in Puerto rico wow nice great app Eduardo isabela Puerto rico winner
Lovely to use and accurate. I like it.
love the features that r totally necessary n app like this. love the whimsy, too.
A very nice app just a pity that Radar does not work in UK
Love it
Worth the $1.99 to help support the best weather app ever. Only wished it was in 24 HR format.
Pretty. Accurate.
excellent service lots of updates
Easy instal and great graphics,works well...Motorola RAZR
Just looks awesome and brings a different look to the same old weather apps
Very informative
Wonderful weather app! Cool graphics. Easy to use. Help answers questions. Like it!
Great work keep it coming.
Love the widget. Thanks!
This really is a premium application for weather especially because it's free! It's easy to use want to start to understand it it looks nice and most importantly it does its job correctly
Awesome weather app, very deep an comprehensive. Only thing I'm not a fan of is the widget. Just a nice 4x1 widget with a 5 day forecast would be a great addition.
The radar is crazy fast. Options are plenty.absolutely beautiful app. Suprised its  free.but the ads don't bother me. The widget could use a little work, but this is a keeper for sure
Became impressed with how accurately a recent storm was handled and predicted. 1Weather also shows this in a very useful way - the hourly precip and temp graphs which work. Changed to this as main weather reporter, with wonderground for radar until that's just as good here. Much appreciation.
Works great
Excellent
Good app
Please add possibility to change notification color, cyan for example
By far the coolest and best weather app out there.
So beautiful and easy to use.
Love it.
Thank you for removing permission request. For once a developer that listens to app users. Commendable, thank you again!
Thank you for responding to feedback on the log issue.
This is an absolutely beautiful,  well done app. Multiple locations,  maps and alerts are very helpful.   For those experiencing fc's on the Galaxy Nexus,  it might be due to forced GPU rendering is turned on.
This is one bad to the bone app! I had TEC weather  channel  & not as good . It gave me the wrong weather& location  all the time. Always  had to type in my city & zipcode. With this new app , GPS finds the  city. Good job on your app. Will keep this app!
Works fantastic just the same as every onelouder app
لكن ينقصه لغة عربية.
Thanks for removing "sensitive log" permission.
Thanks for listening to concerns, truly a great weather app. Love the new features. Simple app, beautiful display
The developers are still tweaking this app and adding functionality. It already is a gorgeous weather application so I can't wait to see the ongoing development of this app. Their customer service is outstanding... they actually listen to user input & feedback and respond back very quickly. With the upcoming updates that is being addressed right now, I truly believe this weather app is going to blow all of the others out of the water.
Basic, to the point, just a pity about the severe conditions not being available in Europe. Loving it
Once adds are gone, this app just shines.
An excellent app.
Best weather app on the market
Love the look of the widget too! Sleek and simple.
Very nice
And legible, unlike TWC.
Best weather app ever!! Love the graphics and very detailed!! Better than weather channel by far!
I use it at home to know what to wear. What to pack when I travel. And when going somewhere with friends, I can share all weather reports with them.
I REALLY ,REALLY LOVE THIS WEATHER APP FANTASTIC
This is by far the best weather app!
I love it
I love it
Ok, I have been using this app for a couple of weeks now, and I have to say that it is the best weather app I have ever used. The UI is beautiful and easy to use, it updates quickly and is accurate, and it has a large enough status bar font that I can actually make use of it. I strongly recommend that everyone give this baby a try.
This is a excellent app. Recommended.. thanks.
This is a excellent app. Recommended.. thanks.
Very intuitive app do what it says and more!  100% recommend!
Great app but no radar for Australian users. Love my Radar!
Amazing interface and widget. Highly recommended.
Solid app, radar could be bigger, but not really the point of this app. I like the hourly forecast.
Does a good job, looking forward to better service for where I live (NZ). Fantastic widget.
Real good
Great app
Great app. Love it.
App has most of the info I look for. Widget fits cool on my S2 homepage. With follow my location update its gonna become a favorite. Increased accuracy of data would do wonders though.
A lot of weather apps are bland and don't tell me what I need to know without needed to click on the app.
Almost perfect!!
Best weather app I've used... and so gorgeous.
I really like this weather app.  Its easy and accurate.
All in one,everything you look for in weather app.
All in one,everything you look for in weather app.
Muy buena aplicación con grandes funciones y una buena interfaz gráfica
Best looking app, the only thing I think could be better is the map
Cool
Awesome
smooth, beautiful app. highly recommended.
Interface is the smoothest!
We love knowing what the weather might do and this attractive app makes it a pleasure - even it's going to be grey and miserable. Works a treat - with added bells and whistles AND a touch of humour.
Love it.
It does everything I need it to. I had weatherbug, accuweather & whatever else there was, but nothing as accurate as this app. Wish they had cuter widgets, but no big! Still definitely a 5 * app :)
Best weather app I've ever used by far. I don't even use the social aspects of it and it still rocks.
Best weather app I have used. Love the temp showing in the status bar. Wish they would filter the weather pics, some look as though a child has edited them.
Best one I've had A+
Love
Radar is spotty and no narrative forecasts. Looks great, but lacks depth of forecasting.
Worked very well on my Galaxy SII..
Worked very well on my Galaxy SII..
Keep up the good work on this app
One of the best weather apps on the market. Gives you everything you need, very customizable
One the coolest, best looking, most complete apps on the market. Truly awesome.
Love it
Muito Bom e útil!
This is such a beautiful app. Just giving it a few more days on the free version and might give it a go on the paid version.
Highly recommend
Highly recommend
Needs the option to be able to auto update the widget/app based on your location.
Needs the option to be able to auto update the widget/app based on your location.
love the design alot.
Good info
Awesome should have background to match weather for today.
One of the best designed apps on the market.
This is one of the hottest devices and would really showcase your beautiful app - can it really take this long to adapt the screen resolution?
Very solid and quick to respond. Accurate conditions as well as useful information.
Best weather app. I love it! Is there going to be an add free version?
Best one I've found so far...radar takes a bit to load but still my fav weather app!
Nice app. Easy to navigate, nice layout. Like the widget. Keep up the great work !!
Best weather app hands down!
Very good
Wish I could set the warnings feature separately from refresh rate (unless the warning is a new danger)
Best weather app since andy was born
This is the best weather app out there!!!!
I love this app it gives a lot of info
one stop shop for all my weather needs.  love the design as well!
It's just so cool...great graphics...great weather..
Awesome app
Works perfectly on my galaxy s4g
It is a great looking app, but needs to be worked on! It is quite heavy on resources: on Rom and CPU. My only complaint that you should optimize the code, and remove some eye-candy. Definitely a keeper! Love the widget!
Great app
Ever since I learned of this app on the All about Android podcasts, I've had it and love the simple yet elegant design. Makes getting a weather check enjoyable.... To anyone complaining that the notification bar temp is off by a fee degrees, well, that's how the "real feel" temperature works, which is changeable and selectable in the settings from real feel to actual temp.....
Very good
Lots of pertinent information displayed very well
Really nice design....cool app
Accurate & Efficient !
Nice app....
Great !!!!!!
No seriously
Really nice looking app but a real draw back for me was the fact that it only has one size widget, 2x2. They really drop the ball on that. It really needs more options like a 1x4 size widget.
Like the graphics, but app hasn't updated the temp in 2 days. Even attempted manual updates, but no go!  I have DROIDX2. Uninstalling.
Galaxy nexus. Bomb
Love beautiful widgets but this app takes the cake!
Amazing....nice interface
great app
Love the widget, apply is very informative and fun to use. Please let me use it on my note 5m users will be happy
Best
nice app
It's so accurate, I'm changing my profession to Weather Girl now.
So far so good! Great interface...
Updates quickly, runs smoothly and accurate!
I bought premium appk. Well done. Great job.  Looking forward for update. More widget sizes?
Simple and elegant.  Perfect.
Love it!
Does everything weather-related you need and more. Simple, elegant design, easy on memory, and all around a really well done app.  Love it!
Awesome, with a very nice look to it, great features too
So much better than Weather Bug!!! Love the app!!!
Lots of information jn a fun format
Seems good
I like the info it gives
Great wealth of information and creative interface and animations
Awesome looking weather. Every bit of information in this apk is worth everything. Maybe new themes next update? :)
Really love this weather app! I can't believe I am so excited about weather! But this app makes it easy to be excited about weather!
Very nice. Easy to use. Lots of features. Love it
Best free weather app.
Very good, clean and intuitive interface.
Awesome app! I love it and it runs great!
Tried other weather apps but I keep coming back to this one. Its a "one stop shop" that you can't get anywhere else.
Most useful weather app that I have tried
Well done again onelouder
Best weather app by far!
Beautiful app. Nice widget, would be even better with more widget display options.
I like it, just wish the ads weren't so annoyingly in your face.
Great
All the weather info you need. Would like different options for widget appearance, but the default one is OK.
I've never seen a better app for weather. This is great!
Nice app!
I can't think of a better app for weather. So elegant, so smooth; a bit gimmicky, animations might look childish, but I'm very satisfied with it. Great app, deb's.
Most complete weather information I have found.Great customization features
I am quite impressed. Looks very nice and has lots of useful data.
Excellent app!
Very thorough!
The widget is funky, the app is well designed, cannot fault it.
Very slick and clean interface.  Maybe the best weather app out there, and it could be made better with radar...but maybe that's missing the point of this app.
High quality weather app I was looking for.
Great APP, rely on it every day. Love it!
Very cool display with all the needed info!
Would love to have a way to add "current location" to list of cities so it automatically sets based on your location instead of adding multiple locations.
It's acualy a pretty good app
Superb
Super info all in one place.
Love the animation, very smooth.
Really nice app. Works great!
Graphics are slick with smooth animations. As for other's complaints about accuracy, most apps get their info from the same third-party sources so they can hardly be faulted.
I have tried them all and this app is my new must have!  Actually it is the only weather app I use now.  Widget is a little small and not much to look at..  But has all you need in one spot. Forecast, radar, chance of precipitation, and severe weather alerts. Alerts open in the app so don't have to wait for browser like many other weather apps. REALLY highly recommend this product!
Looks awesome and has everything I need
Great
It's so much faster and smoother in the Pro version without the stupid ads.
Nice lil app.!
Nice App. I like it.
Beautiful app...must download.much better than accu or weather channel.
Works in israel perfect
A lot of options and settings. Works great!
Beautiful simple app. Highly recommend.
Best weather app.
if the widget and notification bar were better/more customizable would be 5 stars
The best weather app!
Would like a "follow my location" function.
Very handy and beautiful layout! Props to the dev's!
Good good
I love this app. Its the best hello.
simple yet beautiful
Looks great and works great. Best weather app I've used.
Well thought out app
And functional.
Well designed app!
Love it
Cool.
Cool.
Everything you need at the flick of a finger
This is the best weather app I have ever downloaded. The app runs smooth and is very informative. A must have!!
My only problem (and reason I won't purchase) is that there is only 1 widget.  The included widget looks very nice but I'd like radar and extended forecast widget.  Also resizeable would be nice
My only problem (and reason I won't purchase) is that there is only 1 widget.  The included widget looks very nice but I'd like radar and extended forecast widget.  Also resizeable would be nice
Instant weather info on all my favorite places. :-)
Awesome app!
Best weather app yet!
Love the app and the widget is awesome could we get more colors for the notification bar and the app itself.
Love the app and the widget is awesome could we get more colors for the notification bar and the app itself.
A great looking app that does it all.
Keeps great track of the weather...
I like the different look.   Needs option to put either real or "feels like " temperature in display bar
excellent app...thanks!
The best weather app
Love this weather app. The widget is fantastic
The app itself can have some rather slow/jerky animations which detract from the experience. It'd also be nice if it used the new Settings menu in Ice Cream Sandwich. Otherwise, very nice! Oh and also, "Imperial units" and "Metric units" - Calling Imperial units English is confusing when the only country to still use them is the USA ;)
The mother of all weather apps
Does what expected.  Great performance.
I don't normally rate apps but this app is amazing. I love all the details. I do wish I could change the color of my widget though.
Nice
Good performance works great
App loads quickly, looks very refreshing, it's easy to use and gives you a nice icon with the current temperature in the notification bar. Wholeheartedly  recommended!
App loads quickly, looks very refreshing, it's easy to use and gives you a nice icon with the current temperature in the notification bar. Wholeheartedly  recommended!
Best weather app I've downloaded to date"
Very nice weather app!
Awesome app! Easy to access information. Accurate.
I like this app. Looks great & I can change the background. Thanks great job!
Very
Very
Extremely polished app...though more thoughtful integration of ads would be nice. Would benefit from more optimization for smoother graphics.
Extremely polished app...though more thoughtful integration of ads would be nice. Would benefit from more optimization for smoother graphics.
Extremely polished app...though more thoughtful integration of ads would be nice. Would benefit from more optimization for smoother graphics.
Great app
very good app looks great and works well
There. I rated your app. I'll increase the rating as soon as I know i'm not going to be bothered about it anymore.
Osome
This app makes me want to blow rainbow chunks out my eyeballs while I proclaim it's superiority from the top of a jelly mountain.
App
Great app.  Works in Japan.
it's the only weather app I'll ever use!
I love this, it has everything PLus the feature of "feels like temp"
It a great app
Love love love love it..a MUST have
Cool!!
I am having problems with the gps partook fond the city but otherwise it's great.
Nice app. Easy to use and information makes sense.
Nice app. Easy to use and information makes sense.
Perfect and looks great
Very nice....accurate, widget is cool!!
Pretty sweet app. Low battery usage and its super fancy ;)
It tells you all that you want to know about the weather in your area
Please, PLEASE bring this to the Tablet!  I have a Transformer Prime that I would pay to have this on!
Radical
Cool
Great weatherapp,  best I've found so far.
Drains battery quickly. HTC inspire
One thing would help..  Seperation of counties, cities, and the severe weather notification. Other than that great app. Congrats
I have tried many eather apps I like this the best. Radar shows a little more ground clutter than others but info is accurate and useful
Very nice.
I wasn't sure about this program when compared to alot of weather programs.  But it has become my primary program even over the HTC standard weather program.  It is perfect.
Only negative is lack of more widgets
Accurate,reliable,no problems at all its a great weather app widget
Best yet
Constantly reports 5 degrees lower than actual temperature.
Best weather app I've found so far. Looks slick. Could use more options for widget, but all in all very well done!
So smooth, great widget and it works! Love this ap
So far, accurate and nice....
Attractively displays the weather information I need without all the cruft
Finally found a weather app that consistently keeps updating, displays all the info and graphics necessary, and looks good.
Best weather so I've ever used. Very nice!
I like it..
Great app, all in one, uses very little resources.
Great app, all in one, uses very little resources.
Great moving and looking app
No comment, kaydot.
Provides comprehensive info. Easy to use. Meets my needs completely.
Best weather app ever!
Best weather app ever!
Upgraded to a Galaxy Note and found that this isn't compatible. Shame really :( Still 5* rating for working on my old phone though
Great app
Only commenting to make it aware that the temperature shown in status bar can be tailored to preference of actual degrees or "what it feels like outside"....
Good looking app.
Says it sunny w no rain then rain storm pours THEN after it rains the warning will show! Would like the warning to show before storm not after!;+0
I have always been in tune with mother nature, but.... this is so much better and easier.:-)
Works great
I tried many weather apps and this is the best of them all in my opinion.  I gladly paid for pro version and it is staying on my phone.
Cool Beans
A+ app.
Super....
I love the 24 hr and 7 day forecast charts. another great feature is current temperature in taskbar !
Has every thing you need and more couldnt ask for a better weather app!!
Better than all the rest.
Nice and clean
Great app+ widget. Htc sensation xe.
Best Weather App on the Market
Great app, exactly what I was looking for
Nice to me
The ads make it so that you can't expand the severe weather warning to actually read what it says.great other than that
I would give this app 5 stars if the screen didn't jump everytime an ad changed.
Better than WeatherBug
I really like it
So siiiiiiiiick
It is so smooth and nice on the HTC Evo! Love it!! :)
Seems to be accurate.. Unlike some other weather apps.  Keep up the good work.
Love the widget and the style of the app as a whole.
Has a nice widget.
Really nice app, defiantly recommend it to everyone
This is recommended for everyone!!! I LOVE THIS SOOO FREAKIN MUCH!!!!
Nice UI and cool widget. Great amount of information presented quickly and easily.
I love this best weather app ive had!
I love this best weather app ive had!
Very clean. Intuitive. Loses a star as radar only works in the US.
Great app.  Nice design
The Weather Channel app is my ol' standby. I bought this one because it is a great change of pace. I'm not disappointed.
I'm digging this weather app and so far haven't had any major problems with her. Thx
Love it
Love this app!!! I bought it. 5 stars all the way!!!!
Easy to use, clean and uncluttered interface. Love it!
Best weather app I found so far..
Best weather app I found so far..
Lot of stuff at a single platform... its amazing.. :)
This is the best weather app out there.
Looks good. Works well. Samsung continuum.
Looks good. Works well. Samsung continuum.
100% awesome! This weather app exceeds the rest by far!
you can add multiple locations which enable to see then weather at the trip destination.
Love this app!!! Winning!!!!
Best weather app I've seen so far. Map loads very fast & runs smoothly.
Thank you for this application.
Top app.
Most interesting weather app and smart one also all that is needed is a gsp locatetabillity when you got no wifi
Wow. I was using The Weather Channel app for the longest time, then discovered this one. It is simply gorgeous to look at, and a smaller file size at that. I even got a weather warning just now for freezing rain, and it gave detailed information on it. It has all the info I could possibly need, and I really like the display in the notification bar. The best weather app, for sure.
Cool look and very useful app!
Day best
Beautifull interface. Simple and elegant, very easy to use and it provides anything you need from a weather app and more. Very little lag on the google nexus but nothing to complain about.
It showed My home town! And, of course this app is accurate.  Thank you, Guys (Ladies & Gentlemen)  - alx1  Update: please. Being back the previous Status Bar Text - Font theme. The bigger, narrow font on the text does not look good.
This is the best weather I have used so far. Provides details info abt weather compared to other weather Widgets.
Where is the cities that I added?
Tells weather on point!! Good job developer!!
Very informative high level of knowledge but simply layed out
Awesomeness
Awesome and so very pretty.
Very good weather app.
Developer made change i suggested within a week. Now i can see the number in the status bar clearly. Thank you again.
New notification bar icon looks great n matches with the ICS color layout.  Nexus S
I hope this apparently continues to improve.  I think its the best so far and I upgraded to the pro version due to that.
Really nice interface. Loving it.
Very good application. Does what it suppose to and much much more. And for free . Would rate 10 stars.
Droid X
Nice looking app.
Easily the best weather app I've ever used. It looks great and works great.
Great app
Has everything a weather app needs to be helpful but not too "busy" and flashy like some. No distractions. Widget is useful too. I have tried several other weather apps that I uninstalled after a while because the app was too similar to a mobile website but drained the battery. I think I will keep this one.
This particular application has the look and feel of ICS. With that in mind, this is the application for you if you expect nothing but superb-ness and utmost quality, like myself. I am highly impressed with the smoothness, not to mention the accuracy of this application. Absolutely worth the minimal charge to not only rid of advertisements, but, to also support a developer that takes the time and effort to write and code an application of this caliber. Thanks goes out to the developer. Great work!!
Slick design, good animations, and smooth transitions. Needs a little more work and it will be perfect.
Great app beautiful!!!
Love it!! Tons of cool stuff
The look of this app is fantastic, but the way it explains the forecast is the best feature. Saying "muggy" or "more clouds than sun" helps all of the (beautifully displayed) numbers make sense.
Clean interface, the nicest weather app I have found  Samsung Galaxy s2
Glad I paid for the app to remove the ads as it is a beautiful app without them! One request I do have is for support of the radar in other countries such as the UK. Thanks!
Best Ever..please add geolocation..
Best weather app that I have seen. Need to be able to delete cities after they have been added, was being nosey for weather around the world and now have a huge list of places I can't seem to delete.
Best I have seenn. Way cool.
Very nice, clean UI. No complaints after using the app for approx. 4 weeks.
Probably the best weather app out there and I've tried loads. Please add a seperate option for Metric / Imperial for Temperature and Wind Speed, some countries like us in the UK use metric temp and imperial wind speed. Once I see that I will purchase ad free! *Update* the devs listened, and this has been added! Great stuff. Time to make the purchase, keep up the great work!
Navigating through the weather screens is very laggy on ICS
Navigating through the weather screens is very laggy on ICS
See title.
One of the best weather apps. I love the simplicity and the widget doesn't hog the hole screen. Beautiful lines and grafix. Thanks to all.
Tried them all..this one IS by far the best!
Great
Great
Lovely little app. All it needs is radar outside the U.S. and it would be perfect.
Super! Nerdy good info...
Not only the best weather app but one of the best apps period. Beautiful graphics, navigation and information.
Excellent
.
A solid app that's both functional and easy on the eyes. My only gripe is that it can occasionally be pretty slow at pulling in fresh information when I tell it to refresh.
I'm so super diggin' this app! Not quite as detailed as Weatherbug but the graphics are killer! Love how I can change the background :) and the response when toggling is immediate, no lag whatsoever. Kudos to the devs! G2
Excellent ! So many features um in such a small package
Provides concise info in the widget and good details within the app. If the ads move to the bottom that will be even better.
Beautiful
Best weather app ever
ممتاز . . .
Looks great and works great! Can't wait to be able to change the color of the widget...
Wow.....where has this been....fun and all....10 stars
Wow.....where has this been....fun and all....10 stars
Excellent app. Simple to use and easy to read with great interface
Everything these devs do is brilliant. 1weather is icing on the cake. Love it!
Everything these devs do is brilliant. 1weather is icing on the cake. Love it!
Good appear
Good app. Should allow to see both "feels like" and real tempreature without going to settings. Probably just show one and then the other after a few secs and make them have different colours so you can tell which is what
Gorgeous. Too bad I can't pay to remove the ads.
This is a great weather app with lots of features to keep u up to date
This has beco? Every my favorite weather app. Simple yet feature rich and very functional app.
This has beco? Every my favorite weather app. Simple yet feature rich and very functional app.
3/5 because of the following: 1. Its a battery killer, I used to charge my galaxy every 3 days and now down to every day. 2. It lacks auto location feature that means you must manually add each new location you are at and then select it from the options menu. Too much work  ; )  These issues degrade user experience a lot.  In general this app has a great interface and nice layout so I suggest everyone to try and go pro only when they take care points I mentioned.
Screen transitions are a little bit laggy on my galaxy nexus, but who cares. Awesome app.
Its really a good help
Its really a good help
Very good
Works great on my droid x. Great widget, interface, and tons of information.
So easy to read. I use this more than the weather app.
This is simply the best weather app available for Android at any price. I absolutely love it. This developer really knows how to produce a quality app. Ten stars! Please bring back the orange notification text color though!
You changed the temperature color in the notification bar to blue to match the nexus. Thanks
You changed the temperature color in the notification bar to blue to match the nexus. Thanks
Looks good and works exactly as described. The only thing wrong for me is the units choice. I would like to see a hybrid option so that the temperature could be in celsius and the wind speed in mph. Update: this has now been added. Thank you. :)
I love it
This is the weather app that rocks!!
These is one that really don't draw your battery down work very wil.
I've tried many other weather apps and this one is by far the best. Has animated radar, alerts, and is very quick to update. For less confident users, don't fly thru the tutorial. Good job, OneLouder!
I've tried many other weather apps and this one is by far the best. Has animated radar, alerts, and is very quick to update. For less confident users, don't fly thru the tutorial. Good job, OneLouder!
Looks great. Cool widget. Responsive developer. What more can you want? Absolute 5 stars!
I wrote the developer with a issue, and they responded in five minutes. Can't wait for more updates.
how can i change the unit from F to C???  Great app tho.
Accurate and useful
I like it  :D
Fully functional, great looking app with tons of accurate information. This is the only weather app you'll need.  Widget customization would be a great added feature though.
awesome, very very nicely done..removed weather bug for this..amazing job
Great interface. Feature rich. Keep up the great work
Just wish we could have a white option for the status bar notification
Temp in status bar is amazing!
I love that it has the temp in the top bar... I mainly got it because it had a nifty widget (thought I wish it would be color-changeable). The widget tells me a lot, but the app itself is incredible. The app loads everything very quickly, even on 2g networks. It has nifty animations for rain amounts and also the radar is awesome :D
Good app!!!!
Just need Canada radar and it will be perfect. Great job!!!!
Very nice interface. Occasionally discrepancy between 1weather temp and local stations on weatherunderground though.  Is it just me, or didn't the status bar temp previously change color depending on the current temp?
I like how it updates in ur fone and tells u bout any storms comin
Really nice app, and for free you really can't beat it!
I absolutely love this apparently, but I don't like the new color/size of the degree notification thing. Just a note; I still love it.
Fantastic app. Love it's simplicity. Better radar will come. Gives me what I want, much quicker than Weatherbug and Weather Channel.
Love it
Also works great outside the US which is an area where some others fall short.
Best weather app I've tried. Great features. Great look.
Very beautiful app. Love all the info. Notification colour should be a choice though, don't like the yellow. Everything else is fantastic. EDIT: latest update changes notification to blue if chosen. 5 stars now =]
Really glad you added separate units for wind speed! Thanks!
Works great on my Droid Bionic. Awesome app
This is a great app. :)  I love it.
\the app has great look and feel to it. I really like the way that multiple locations are displayed on the home screen. For some reason I can't get the Pro version. I'm getting error when I try to pay.
Worth buying!
Outstanding app
The weather without the loading a program just full of information
Constructive criticism: make available a way to get rid of ads...  Pro version?
Reacting good I got the real time weather update!
Best weather app out there.. So many cool features.. Love it!
Best weather app out there.. So many cool features.. Love it!
Best weather app I've seen. Style is so different but its a breath of fresh air :)
Excellent weather app, accurate and easy to use :)
Works extremely well . . .
Better and better.  Now if we can change the widget color it'd be perfect.
Better and better.  Now if we can change the widget color it'd be perfect.
Muy buena aplicación y genial cómo puedes configurarlo en tu escritorio
Very helpful and intuitive.  Still learning about cool features.
The widget could be better, but that is down to personal preference.
I love the quirky layout. But I feel that there should be an hourly prediction to fully win me over to giving a 5 star.
But I wish the page scrolling is a bit smoother, its very choppy on my Galaxy Nexus.
Works and looks great!
Excellent, don't forget to click series and info for more detail.
Could not be more impressed.
Pretty good app
This AP works great, very accurate
This AP works great, very accurate
The data seems pretty consistently off, for me. Especially the 24 hour forecast: it always tells me that it will be hottest at 5 in the morning and coolest in the afternoon.
Simple, accurate and gosh darnit, I like it.
Works great looks great.
Very accurate weather...
Love using this app!
I've tried several weather/ forecast apps and this is the best.  Nice widget too.
Great UI - Very Similar to Win Phone
A word to the other weather apps, "YOU CAN'T TOUCH THIS! Would love to give it ten stars! Huge ups to the Devs!
Had to UN install.. The radar was to old to be use full. Radar needs to be more current then two hours behind...
Nice visual effects and good details about weather. Accuracy havent been tested yet
Great app
Superb job, my good fellows!
This a 5 star app! Easy to use, nice IU. I recommend this app  to everyone.
Best weather app on Android. I paid for the ad-less version. Nexus S 4G.
Great layout. All the right info. I would like to see the radar with the option of zooming out farther than currently capable. Also, would like to have moon illumination percentage added.
Best weather app to date! I love the animation thru the app plus its smooth flow. Awesome job
excellent app
Nice design, easy to use. Simple and awesome.
It s really. Awesome. App hav seen for weather, just mind bogglin thngs n so compact doesnt evn eat up much of memory.. too cool. N the sharing option s the best part of this app.. lovd it, but doesn show radar outside US just wanna suggest a change over dat. Rest its a superb apo...
Beautifully designed
If you add the ability to change widget colors I would buy the pro version in a heartbeat!
The best weather app I ever downloaded
Great app.
Clean, simple, and intuitive.
So far, so good.  I installed two days ago.  I think that I will fibd this to be a better APP than "weather bug" and "accu-weather."
One of the best apps i have ever come across !!
This app has the most accurate predictions of the weather. It does't use a lot of memory since the widget is compact and shows exactly what is relevant regarding the upcoming weather. The menu is simple and robust, the refresh takes 1-2 seconds. Overall, best weather application by far. Keep it up !
So far works really well. Very accurate.
Very well designed and intuitive
Great app. It's accurate and I've had no problems out of it.  HTC thunderbolt
Works
Working perfect on Google Nexus S
The information seems accurate, the application is easy to use, and the presentation is so beautiful, it makes my knees weak.
Very accurate and right on the money?
lovely
Smooth operation and crisp, easy-to-read screens make this app the best of the best.
Awesome app
Absolutely awesome! :)
Always displayed a few days behind. I thought it was I just needed to refresh the app.
Always displayed a few days behind. I thought it was I just needed to refresh the app.
This app is way better than the weather channels app. Much more user friendly and easier to read. Keep up the good work.
Like the way it works and looks.
This is the best weather app available!
Perfect
Very nice beginning, nice widget design and clean interface....the widget or severe warnings don't update unless I open app directly.....epic 4g touch
This is a really good app, way better than the one that comes standard
Reliable, pity Canada doesn't make it's doppler radar available. Great design, too.
Lovely... useful and its also eye candy..
Clean interface, easy to navigate, automatic severe Ex alerts.
Very informative, user friendly, very "cool" app, and better than those other guys.
Needs tablet support, and a better widget.
Simple and stylish
Thanks for the best way to get the best weather
This one has it all.  Widget is stylish.  Get it!
Great weather app!! I love the widget and interface, runs great on my droid x
Great app! Has everything you need. Only wish it had a larger widget
Great app! Has everything you need. Only wish it had a larger widget
Great app with loads of information
But can u make maybe a smaller square weather widget? That would be much nicer for my phone :) thank u! AND FOR THE WEATHER BUG USERS THIS IS WAAAAAAY BETTER SWITCH NOW!
A weather application worth having. Not only is it beautiful it's accurate!! Tablet version soon?! Please??
This app is great and pretty accurate and I love the way it let's me know the weather alerts. That's handy.
Lots of weather apps but this one stands out for its elegance and accuracy.
This app is OP
This app is OP
It is a great app, uncomplicated and lots of info. Please can you make it availabl for tablets as a frequent traveller it's invaluable.
This is a great weather app!  Everything I need to know for work is right there and to the point.  Radar area could be larger and sometimes takes a minute to refresh even over WiFi but excellent otherwise.
Best weather app I've used in a long time. Looks great and very responsive. [Droid Incredible 2 - Verizon]
ok
Has cool features.
Best weather app so far
Love this app. Lots of sweet features and the best I have found. Give it a try you won't be sorry.
Looks great. Worth the 1.99
Best weather app on the market!
Amazingly awesome.  Enough said.
Sickest app ever. Sleek and modern
Great app
This app is stunning, easy to use and packed full of features.
Best looking weather app.
Definitely my favourite weather app
Best weather app I've seen
The only thing I didn't like is that we can't change farnheight to census.
Super Awsome!!
Pretty app!
Great tool!
Works  well and looks good.
I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS APP.... O SO COOL
This is a great app.!
Absolutey love it best weather app ever!!!!!!!!!
Pretty awesome weather
Nice
I love thar it alerts the severe weather watches!  Very easy to navigate and the widget is awesome as well. Never thought a weather apparently would give me so much to be happy about!
Shows everything I need plus more!
Best yet!
Best weather app hands down.
Works great for me, thanks.
Awesome
The best
Just needs UK radar maps.
New app and better than weatherbug and weather channel
I cant find it
Very pretty! Tells me exactly what I want to know.
Seems to be accurate and doesn't kill my battery!
Nicely put together
This is one of the bestg weather apps i have ever downlaoded.but i sugest that u have a map of weather alerts!
Best ever
Nice weather app. Always runs quickly. Would be good option to adjust opacity on radar. Having problems with notification bar temp not updating.Settings verified but erratic updating (maybe ontime...next time not for 6 hours). Samsung Captivate, cm7 stable release, rooted.  Update..notification issue fixed itself mysteriously. Been working great even after some reboots. Would like to be able to deselect twitter & pics of the weather screens (not really need).
Egész jól sikerült, bár Android 4.0.x alatt nem található meg a widget, míg 2.3.6 alatt még igen. Jól paraméterezhető.
Best weather app I've found. Thank you!
This is the best weather app do far.
This app is so nice and very well built. You got everything you need to be informed about weather. The basic version has ads, but there is a pro version (1.99) available as a in-app purchase. A must download app for android!
Great love it
This is by farrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, The Greatest Weather App thats out in the Google Play market. Its simple and does what a weather app should do. Can't wait for more changes/updates you guys bring in. Cheers and all the besT!!
Sgs
Great application.
This is a must have application
This is a must have application
Amazing app and easy to use
Amazing app and easy to use
App ever
This app looks absolutely awesome. It's definitely the nicest looking weather app there is, but it loads slow on 3G and the radar view isn't near as nice as something from WeatherChannel or Accuweather
Awesome!!!!
Great app. Good detailed reports.
It is very smooth, very clean, and very pretty. And the twitter integration is surprisingly useful, I am going to recommend this to my friends.
Nice
Awesome weather app!
By far the best Android weather app, but needs custom backgrounds and more widgets.
By far the best Android weather app, but needs custom backgrounds and more widgets.
By far the best Android weather app, but needs custom backgrounds and more widgets.
Works fabulous!
A lot better than the weather channel
Yay!
Awesome app
The radar feature is horrible. It seems to be off by at least a few hours and occasional I've seen it off by almost 10 hours. If you care about seeing updated and useful radar information, you know like an approaching storm then skip 1Weather.
Nice. Needs more international information.
Cool weather app. Looks good and fun to use. Runs smooth too.
very nice application..gj..
Works for me
Works for me
Works for me
1Weather is my favorite weather app on Android for sure...the interface is quite beautiful and the information is varied and vast. It reminds me a lot of a mobile version of intellicast.  I wish there was more widget options and customizations as well as some custom background options as the only good one is the default in my opinion.  The ads are prominent but not obtrusive so that is quite good.
Has everything you need, no clutter, fast, accurate
Has everything you need, no clutter, fast, accurate
Very nice!
Very nice!
Tons of features bargain
Design aside, almost faultless!
This app is exactly what the description says - not a "cookie cutter" weather app.   Graphical interface: 5/5. when changing views its a bit laggy(galaxy s2), still smooth though Usability:4/5. has everything except tides. does not support radars in australia  Uniqueness:5/5. a very professional design & approach combined with originality  Summary: 5/5. Outstanding, professional, unique. Best developer ive seen on the market. Recommended! A++
This app is exactly what the description says - not a "cookie cutter" weather app.   Graphical interface: 5/5. when changing views its a bit laggy(galaxy s2), still smooth though Usability:4/5. has everything except tides. does not support radars in australia  Uniqueness:5/5. a very professional design & approach combined with originality  Summary: 5/5. Outstanding, professional, unique. Best developer ive seen on the market. Recommended! A++
This app is exactly what the description says - not a "cookie cutter" weather app.   Graphical interface: 5/5. when changing views its a bit laggy(galaxy s2), still smooth though Usability:4/5. has everything except tides. does not support radars in australia  Uniqueness:5/5. a very professional design & approach combined with originality  Summary: 5/5. Outstanding, professional, unique. Best developer ive seen on the market. Recommended! A++
Beautiful too
Beautiful too
Beautiful too
Looks good and is simple to use
Looks good and is simple to use
Finally something different, simple to use and to the point. Great app!
My HTC Sense weather is better but when I don't have Sense installed, this app is it's replacement. Best weather app in the market/play store.
Takes up a lot of space on the screen, but the UI is awesome.
Amazing graphics, you can add many city's with ease, I absolutely LOVE this app!!!  I have been searching for a decent weather app for quite some time, I almost gave up.  Thank you!!!
Amazing graphics, you can add many city's with ease, I absolutely LOVE this app!!!  I have been searching for a decent weather app for quite some time, I almost gave up.  Thank you!!!
Amazing
Would like radar for Europe though... Is there any way i can get rid of the advertising? Paid version maybe?
REALLY AWESOME.
So far it's wonderful.  It hasn't been running long enough to judge the battery drain yet.
Cool!
Nice
I love this app
Very nice
It works really well and has an interface I really like
This is so much better than any other weather thing out there!
But how can I change it to celsius
Best I've tried so far.Shame no weather radar for uk.
Great weather app and really unique.
Most intuitive UI and complete set of data in a weather app I have come across, and I have used quite a few.
luv it!
Weather 24/7 available.clear pic. Thank you MH.
Weather 24/7 available.clear pic. Thank you MH.
Great layout.  Like it much more than the default.
If you would like a great weather app then this is the one , as does exactly what it says on the app.  Instead off tin thanks
Excellent wheather app
Works great, look  very well
Best weather app ever! I just miss the forecast in the widget...
this is truly the most beautiful weather app you can currently find. download and enjoy~
Everything I seek to learn about my weather is available at my fingertips via tap or swipe... love it!!!
Simple to use and read!
Would like to change widget colors. Otherwise very nice.
Why does a weather app require my phone information? Other than that it's awesome.
Does exactly what i want it to do. And looks good as well.
Free? True. But not a cheap or crap as other free software. I'll bet you ganna love it
Awesome app
Amazing best weather app ever
Lots of information, but presented in an elegant, visual manner.
Really, really brilliant!
Very good
Awesome app!
Would like for it to change location as I move around.  Like it though. Not your same old weather app.
I hello
Best weather  app
This is the best weather app I've used.
Very nice weather app.
Very neat
This app is just what I was looking for. I've tried others but like this one best.
Good
Great presentation of data with easy access to detail. Nicely done.
Tons of weather info and the interface is absolutely beautiful.
Great layout and super clean!!
The cleanest, coolest weather app.  Period!  Finally, I can get the weather info I need without navigating through ignorant, poorly designed apps.
Lots of features and works well.
I love it! Gives me weather, sunset time, 7day forecast and more!  Evrything I need.
Very good looking.
love it...just add it to your auto end so it shuts down automatically
Best weather app for Android. Ive tried them all.
and functional too
Best looking weather app about
Best weather app on the market according to Lifehacker - and I agree!
The best looking weather app forever.
No issues.  Works very well.  Nice user interface and widget.
I love detailed weather apps. this one goes beyong my expectations. Simpley awesome
I've used multiple weather apps this is by far the nicest!
Best weather app I've used.
Clean and fresh
Accurate. Beautiful design. Doesn't kill my battery.
Great app. Super smooth with great UI.
Very nice!
Nice one
Love this app, it does everything I wanted, sadly whilst it works perfect on my Samsung Galaxy S, it is not compatible with my Motorola Xoom, such a shame as it would be awesome on my tablet device :(  One final note, I wanted to purchase this to get rid of the ads, but it gives a price in dollars, which I cannot use as my credit card is limited to GBP unless I pay a £1 fee and a further conversion fee of 10% or £1 which would mean an additional £2 (Just over $3) on the price :(
Awesome application. Love the temperature in the notification bar. No weather widgets cloging up my screen!
Well designed with nice features.
Nice job!
Xcellent app very accurate
Love the layout and the graphics. Very well designed! Also love the alerts.
Smooth integrated low consumption
i thought it was just the temp, but it goes into detail and even weekly forecasts! even has a little temp on the top of the screen!
Great weather app don't like widget but love the app and that is what matters
Very useful and well designed.
Simple. Elegant. Beautiful!!!
Nice app
Great app, very minimalist.
Seriously the best.Period.
I love this app but I would like it if it had more customizable Widgets to make it friendly for any background on my phone. But its great!
Amazing app for weather
Clean, well-built, fast, intuitive. Nice work!
Best looking and most feature rich weather app I've found. Thanks to lifehacker for the suggestion.
By far the best weather app out there
It needs the forecast of the whole day. Thank you.
I've installed (and un-installed) many weather apps, this is one of the best. Accurate, and beautiful to look at!!
Love it
Awesome
Waaay better than the Weather Network.
I have downloaded a lot of weather apps.  This one looks real promising.  Love the look, feel, speed.
Absolutely phenomenal - galaxy nexus
Great animations and look and feel. Its intuitive and responsive. Don't change a thing!
All of the weather info I need in a slick and beautiful app!
Best weather app imo.  Weather Bug Elite wasn't loading anymore so I tried this. Very pleased.
Very nice app, simple and does not bog down your phone while giving you everything you need to know about weather
Installed it 5 minutes ago and really like it so far. It has a lot of great features and looks very well put together.
Love it
Love it
Love it
Never had so much fun  checking the weather! Love how easy it is to see everything!
Very Nice UI, best on market
great app
By far the best weather app for my needs.
The most visually appealing weather app to date. Easy to navigate
Beautiful looks and excellent interface.
Refreshing take on weather app. Nice graphics, easy to use interface and a unique widget style.
Refreshing take on weather app. Nice graphics, easy to use interface and a unique widget style.
Great app
this is the  first weather app that I don't mind living in notification bar... It's useful and slick.
Love it would be great if you could make widget the same as app itself so it has a whole page
Really good looking app and easy to use.
Really good looking app and easy to use.
Amazing weather app!.....sleek,clean & good looking!.......:)
Amazing weather app!.....sleek,clean & good looking!.......:)
It looks a little different from other weather applications, but that's it strong point. Very nice and works well.
Cool app but only shows graph for 24 hrs means till midnight...need some work
Try them all but this ones the best!
Great app..
Beautiful,fast and efficient
Classic
It so far
This app is way better than Weather Bug. Its faster and the interface looks amazing. Tons of features right at your finger tips..no need to wait on the news or radio anymore..love friggin smart phones (just not the key logging and tracking)...
This app is way better than Weather Bug. Its faster and the interface looks amazing. Tons of features right at your finger tips..no need to wait on the news or radio anymore..love friggin smart phones (just not the key logging and tracking)...
It gives you the exact weather
No weather app is better designed than this one. It is beautiful and functional, like all apps should be.
Off by over 10 degrees for my area and checked against two other sources. gave second chance, same results - uninstalling again.  Give option to change weather data source and auto update location on refresh.  Nice to look at though.
This is the best looking and useful weather app out there. Samsung Captivate.
So far very happy with app.  Only used for a few min but very smooth on dx2.  Been wanting radar and this is great!
So far very happy with app.  Only used for a few min but very smooth on dx2.  Been wanting radar and this is great!
Pros: Beautiful, simple weather app. Tells you what you need to know when you need to know it while being downright gorgeous to look at.  Cons: Lack of a location-aware weather update option (a minus that ALMOST earned it a 4 star rating), somewhat resource-intensive on older phones I've loaded it to. I would look forward to some new themes as well.
The best app in the market
user friendly. seems to work well.  quite possibly the best weather app out there.
Bought paid version to support developers and remove ads. Best weather app out there.
Very nice looking and feature rich. My only concern is if it effect my battery life with syncing every thirty minutes.
I didn't believe this was the best weather app ever, but it pretty much is. The radar isn't incredible, but it does the job.
This is by far the best weather app for android, so nice i paid the $1.99 to get rid of adds.. it is worth it. Very easy to read.
Super
I now the know how to convert f to Celsius and this app has a A plus gui
5 stars
Better than my local news station app, aesthetically and accuracy!
Simple and clean.  Love it.
like it
Exactly the weather app I've been looking for.
Best weather app by far.  Gorgeous design just like ics.  I hardly pay for apps but this ones worth every dime.
Blows The Weather Channel app out of the water!
I usually find weather apps not that useful,but this one is clean and well out together. Nice addition
I usually find weather apps not that useful,but this one is clean and well out together. Nice addition
I usually find weather apps not that useful,but this one is clean and well out together. Nice addition
Very good app.
This is astounding!!
Brilliant app very useful
Love
Grest
Sharp fonts, sharp icons, smooth animations with lots of useful and accurate info!
Best looking app for weather. Period.
app works real well does not slow up my phone
Good alt to some of the others. Only complaint, no timeline for the day.
I love it
Simple and effective app with all aspects covered. Just hope it is accurate! Well done!
Good info, quick and easy.
Good info, quick and easy.
very good app. love it. there is the choice to change to celcius.
Fantastic!
good app
Muy buena
This is the most beautiful weather app I've ever seen.
I just compared my data usage between the app and AT&T. The difference is only .02 bytes. Incredible, plus all the other info the app provides. This the best and last app I will try. A must app if you are on a set rate plan!
A one stop app for everything I need.
Love it .. best weather app for surw .. galaxy S2
Awesome app Aus Sydney.
Crisp, clean and does what I like!
I love this app.! Just downloaded and it gives m everything I need an want, 7 day weather forcast, severe weather, rain and much more.
Stable fast and updates weather smoothly.
Stable fast and updates weather smoothly.
Excellent
5+!  Great work!
Lovely and usefull. Animations work really smooth on my GSII. Well done guys!
Awesome app!
Awesomeness
Never saw anything like it,2 thumbs up.
I love this app but I wish I could have multiple cities
Updates kind of slow though.
Need more widgets!
Need more widgets!
Good app
Remarkable app fast, useful and contains lots of features
Nice graphics
Great app!  Instant weather!
Very stylish and works great
Love it
Great so far
Simple and pretty and above all, Accurate. Love the widget as well, not to mention the temp reading in the status bar. Quality all around.
I love this app!!
Really nice app, love the customisable nature of it, and the ui is very nice, thank you :)
But you can toggle between American and Canadian cities... hope you support Canadian radar eventually :p
Some times force closes.
Nice UI.. fast.. and simple
Very informative and very pretty great weather app
very simple to use and layout.also you make a best android widget ever
Excellent app to have.
Sony Xperia Arc.. Works awesome..
Easy and has everything I look for in weather "
Works better than another weather app I have uses. Works great on the DROIDX.
This is an incredible interface.  By far the cleanest and most intuitive weather app yet.  I love the precipitation screen.  Only problem for me is that the radar map isn't showing my region of the country.  Hopefully this is an easily fixed issue.  That in no way detracts from the game-changing design and execution. 5*
Best weather app I've used to date.
The best weather app period.
Exceeded my expectations, awesome app!
This app is just the best weather app I've downloaded thus far. It is very easy to understand and gives the most accurate weather I've seen so far. definitely recommend it!
Probably the best weather app on Android so five stars from me
I like the App and the one widget that it comes with is different and cool. I only wish that the app would have come with more widgets that resemble the cool screens in the app itself.
Great to look at and reliable!!
Great to look at and reliable!!
Beatiful & Simple
love the app and the widget........
Very good weather app
Bet weather app and it has a very nice widget.
A truly incredible app.  Two thumbs up!
Easy app to use. Fast. Up to date. Best weather app ever
Best weather app hands down
Wow. But wish it had a better looking widgit for homescreen with similar interface :'(
Wow. But wish it had a better looking widgit for homescreen with similar interface :'(
this is really the best and most gorgeous weather forecast app i've tried. running great on SGS II with ICS
Simple, slick, and easy to use! Perfect! Now we need an ads free version
Awesome
Awesome
Very stylish... Just the one I was looking for.
Loved the interface. Not much for Indian weather though.
Excellent app
Very beautiful  and fancy. Amazing
Excellent application with an amazing interface!
Very easy to use and fun. There is a lot of info.  I am glad I have it.
Love it!!!!!
Beautiful interface!
Excellent app
And beautifully simple.
Great App so far! I really like it
This is hands-down the best weather app ever! I have tried COUNTLESS weather apps, and they all seemed to lack "something". This has EVERYTHING I need in a weather app - it's fast, locations are quick and accurate, and the display / animation is clean and smooth. Some have complained about the icons - I find them refreshingly simple. Some weather apps I've used "over-animate" in my opinion, and I believe dedicating resources to cute 3d animations is what causes many of them to fall short.   The radar here is absolutely awesome as well - simply touch it to animate! I also love that you can change the background image. Would be cool if you could load you own images from gallery, but that honestly is no big deal.  Great job on this one! I purchased it to get rid of apps - best $1.99 I've spent all week!  This is a must-have weather app!  ~ Samsung Galaxy Nexus ~
Insane amount of features
This is the best weather app on the market!
Veru good and usel
Veru good and usel
Needs more widgets
It's cool.
Very smooth and fluid.
Worked!!
It's very GOOD, Easy
Beautifully detailed, accurate and overall awesome!
Has everything relevant and easy to navigate!
Just got this app.liking it well.
Works better than most other weather apps
For a free app, this one is really impressive. But, still far below HTC Sense's weather app & widgets.
Enjoying it
This is a quality app. I'd enjoy learning how they implemented that infinite horizontal page, but it is good stuff.
This is great. Let's me get rid of the default weather widget since its in the status bar and gives me more space on my home screen.
It's totally unusable in Europe! And I haven't seen it in the description... Removing
Simple, and beautiful.
Great app
Forecasting is ok, the deal here is how nice it looks on my main screen, and it does great!
Best I've tried
Best free weather app on the market!
Only if more apps where the quality of this. Perfect.
I've installed this app and love it now at the touch of a finger i have all the weather info i need.
Would be awesome if there would be more skins to it!
Finally! A weather app for android that isn't a complicated mess! (I've tried many!) This app is brilliant, accurate and simple. Perfect!
Excellent
Really nice, good looking and very clear forecast information.
Awesome graphics...seeing weather lije never before...
Impressive UI; poor radar and ugly widget. They should make a widget that looks like the app, itself.
Nice widget
I love it!
I love it!
Probably the first ever weathrt widget which was worth downloading. Keep it up!
Love the ui and really nice features!
But it might not fit someone's taste.
Awesome
Im content with what it provides. -GalaxyS+
...so slick, and it works...
This just replaced my other two weather apps
This just replaced my other two weather apps
A very good looking app with useful information. I would love it if they made a bigger widget and added a clock to it. It would definitely replace my main page widget on my phone.
But needs improvement
Very clean and easy to read ...but needs local radar...animated weather would be good
Wonderful!!!
Been through a lot of weather apps, this one is by far the best. Worth downloading. Even better since its free.
Very good for a variety of info but weather is never %100 accurate *Samsung Galaxy Nexus*
The best weather app ive seen
Love it!
This is just one awesome looking App! By far the best weather App yet!
Shows me all I need.
Simple yet elegant design... two thumbs up
Awesome and cool app.
V.good app
Amazing weather, perfect
Nexus S!
Slick UI. Thanks!
EASY TO NAVIGATE,  A REAL.      ASSET.  ESP. LIVIN' IN TORNADO BELT!
EASY TO NAVIGATE,  A REAL.      ASSET.  ESP. LIVIN' IN TORNADO BELT!
I've tried a countless amount of weather and this is not only the best and most beautiful one, but also the only one I think that deserves a rating.
Not heavy on my phone; simple but complete interface; creative and handy widget. My favorite weather app.
Love this app!!
Great app!
Love it...easy to use...multiple locations...great interface
I love every aspect except the radar map! Great work!
Love it!
Great app!!!!!
Nice to have this app.
its got all the stuff you need for weather, and it's fast.
Easy, clean and more important precise.
One of the best weather apps.
I like the way it is designed....and seems to be accurate ...
So far, one of the best Weather apps. no color, videos, but accurate!
So far, one of the best Weather apps. no color, videos, but accurate!
Nice UI!!!
So far it works great!
Great app...way cool!
I've used a lot of weather apps, and this one it's simply the best.
Love it
This is probably the nicest weather app I've ever seen, and I've been using WeatherBug Elite for over a year. This little gem has everything you could possible want in a weather app. My only nit-picking critique would be for better maps, and the ability to select from the various weather providers. I can only imagine how it will improve with time (skins, customizable widgets etc...) Well worth the $1.99 to clear the ads...
This is probably the nicest weather app I've ever seen, and I've been using WeatherBug Elite for over a year. This little gem has everything you could possible want in a weather app. My only nit-picking critique would be for better maps, and the ability to select from the various weather providers. I can only imagine how it will improve with time (skins, customizable widgets etc...) Well worth the $1.99 to clear the ads...
Love this awesome app
Nice
Simple to use and accurate.
I really recommend its really handy and looks great
Works fine np
Just installed and all seems well. Great interface.
just awesome
Great app
Great look and feel. Easy to use!
Great look and feel. Easy to use!
Very good weather app
I love this weather app! When I go on vacation I know what the weather is like, even in another country!
I love this weather app! When I go on vacation I know what the weather is like, even in another country!
Beautiful design, easy to navigate between weather for various cities, wide variety of features, and thourough weather information!
Even the widget looks amazing
Simple n nice...S2
Absolutely excellent Great weather app
Best weather app
Awesome
Very good app.
Its good
Very good animations
So far, pretty darn good
Works great, great ui
This im defenetly going to keep the best thing about this app is,that it does exactly everything it say it does,and you can put up a widget in screen.get it you"ll not gonna regret it,
A great application for staying up to date with everyday weather.
Great
So clean and fast!
Best weather app out
I love this app. So helpful when your inside and can't see what's going on. Really helps dressing kids for school.
Very good job!!!
This is nice..gonna uninstall weather bug...
Very good.
Has UV index and air quality maps as well as severe weather updates
It certainly provides you with plenty of information. I've checked it with local weather stations and it's pretty spot-on in all aspects.
Absolutely love it. Cute animations.
Absolutely love it. Cute animations.
Excellent functionality, graphics n ready to use. The widget could be better. Keep up the good work.
Nice
I wish it had an option to be a large widget on my screen that showed most info just by going to that Page on my android..... Galaxy s2
I love it, traded up from weather bug!  Get it!  Don't say anything, shut up and get it!!!!
Awesome!
Awesome!
Great app
Great looking app with really nice look and feel. I just wish they also made a 1x1 widget to go with it (currently just 2x2 )
Best weather app I've found!
Best weather app I've seen yet. Also the fastest.
I like at a lot
Nice.. very nice
Great design, great app :)
Get it.
good app. very easy to use with some nice features
An excellent app..great stuff
Not as good for Canada but I still prefer it
Easy to use and understand. Only useful info - no spam and crap inclooded, also quite beautiful!
Easy to use and understand. Only useful info - no spam and crap inclooded, also quite beautiful!
Beautiful and useful...
Is not crowded by crap like other weather programs and is a very easy to read interface.
Tons of information, super clean interface and very easy to use!!!
Easy to use & has the right amount of information.
Is weather app is stylish, accurate, intuitive, and the widget is simple and great looking.
Excellent ,different from other run of the mill weather apps.
Love the design. Not tacky like most weather paps.
Great app. Very handy to have.
Sweet and simple. Looks beautiful. Would be great if there's more customisable options (not too much to keep it simple)
Great  love it
A very useful and cute app :)
Seems pretty acurate in ireland....
So far so good!
No other weather app compares!
Just downloaded today. Looks great. Only thing i would change is a better radar.
The best i've tried for now!
A great weather app that its intuitive and stable!  Droid Razr
Does it all in a nice, attractive package.
Nice
Look nice but no celsius
cool.....
The notification bar display is a brilliant idea, well done.
Best weather app ever!!  Nice and easy for use. I  love it.
Absolutely brilliant app
Absolutely brilliant app
Besides adds, its great
I love the look and comments. I will add more locations.
Was using the stock weather app that came with my phone. This app is way better.
Works really good!
Very fast and reliable! Good job!
Very fast and reliable! Good job!
Very fast and reliable! Good job!
Cool
Cool
try it
This is a wonderful app. Use it all the time. Thanks!
Nice gui compared to others tried.
Works like a charm
Takes up less space on phone than the weather channel app. Great app! Simple and accurate! Thanks!
I'm really impressed with this app so far.  Very clean and simple yet accurate and informative.  Once you get used to the menus it is pretty cool weather app.  I had issue at first adding and syncing other cities, but perhaps it was just my connection at the time.  Works fine now.  Will probably get the add-free version.
Gives all the info you need.
Nyc
the bad thing is no Celsius setting
Cool, sgs2
Advertisment
A gorgeous weather app that puts everything right where you need it. Only caveat is super ugly ads, I would totally drop a few bucks for a paid version without them!
Very pretty and no issues with it, plus seems pretty accurate.
Love the UI of it.  Definitely the best ard and even thrashes iOS apps.  However pls make it available for honeycomb as well!  Galaxy Nexus
weather report is almost petfect
weather report is almost petfect
Great good looking app, does what is supposed to do without issues
This is the best weather appear,  it is far better than go weather.
Lots of useful info
this app is very fast and accurate. ive tried the others and they dont compare. much better than accuweather.
Best so far.
Accurate, nice graphic
Would of been 5stars if you could change to degrees celcius:P.....
on,my sgs+
So far so good, everything works
It's such a joy to use, I wouldn't even care if the forecast was way off.
Love it!
Excellent ui, good results.
Since rooting my phone I have been looking for a weather app like the one which comes with Sense. This one is way, way better looking and polished than the HTC app, or any other weather app I have seen
Super work on my galexy s
Neat layout, doesn't hog resources, works great and it's free.
Foarte rapidă. Îmi place stilul minimalist
Good app
Good app
Good app
Looking for updates
But a really fugly widget
Great! SG2
Uninstalled "The Weather Channel" app right after using this one.
Stylish approach not classical
Best weather option yet. Easy to use,  great widget and it's FREE!
I have used various weather apps n this is the best among all.
And very informative.
Love that app!
Pretty sweet
Widget won't refresh. SGS2.
I love this application
I've been looking for a great weather application which not only has an efficient, easy to use, accurate interface, but an esthetically pleasing widget. This app fills those greatly, which is the bees knees.
Excellent app.
Excellent weather app...the best
Works great. More features than many. Easy to use
Works great. More features than many. Easy to use
Very cool !
Love it
App is too good....
Works great!!!
Really great
Excellent.. Smooth and Informative
Great app and widget. Simple and nice graphics.
So far, works great!
Best weather app out there!!Has everything all in one.Good luck topping this one.
Good
Great weather app, and I like how it leaves a temperature in the notifications drawer
1 of the best most uniquely designed apps I've ever used.
1 of the best most uniquely designed apps I've ever used.
Lovely looking
great app
Great app!
I like it along.  Crisp clean UI.
Great app! I wish their WERE more widgets or even just a bigger default one..but still great app! See 5 stars!!
clever, great...works very well
Good app
Good app
One of the best weather app ever!
Fixed
Great
Very good, sleek, lovely.
Provides quick and always up to date weather forecasts. Galaxy nexus.
Could use a few more widget options.
Swagg
Convenient to use, accurate, and the animations are great!
Convenient to use, accurate, and the animations are great!
Very happy to be sporting this app. Lots of good info in such a clean application.
Simple yet very effective my new favourite weather app.
Been tracking all of my cities I.visit and great options looking forward to more improvements!
I wish you guys would make a weather clock. I have beautiful widgets super clock with the integrated weather so their is no point in switching for now. With the great design of this app in sure it would look great.
I wish you guys would make a weather clock. I have beautiful widgets super clock with the integrated weather so their is no point in switching for now. With the great design of this app in sure it would look great.
Love it
good one
Simply great. Thanks :)
Simply great. Thanks :)
I haven't seen such a fantastic combination of looks and functionality in an application in a long time
I haven't seen such a fantastic combination of looks and functionality in an application in a long time
Love it. Very cute
Does what it says to excess
So far, pretty cool...
Use the expanded MET service at work and this is a very close companion to it on my mobile. Okay it's got ads but it doesn't detract from the info you get. Shame that it doesn't come in a 4x1 format hence the 4 stars (nearly a 5).. Thanks
The best weather app so far but it should have hourly prediction
Excellent weather  app
Seeing the Reddit app in the screenshots made me buy this.
Cool App and great design
Good application.
Good application.
app
So easy to navigate with cool effects and always works
Very nice application...thanks.
Very nice interface, good app overal
Great weather app its simple, effective, and looks great.
Great app, just wish it was a little more customizable
Awesome interface
Nice
I've only had this for a day so I can't yet comment on accuracy.  Overall I like the look and the info that's available.  BUT, the widget needs work.  It looks very nice and they cram a lot into a 2x2.  Unfortunately they chose the wrong stuff to cram in.  I would MUCH rather have a quick look at a few days out (even just tomorrow) instead of lengthy details about my location, the date, etc.
It'a best one ever. Nicely works with my Galaxy SII
Отлично!!! 5+
Looks cool too
Good applicagion
Very nice works great on Galaxy Nexus
Love the widget
Love the look of the widget and the animations of the app are top notch. On Galaxy Nexus
I've been looking for something like this since i got my phone. It's nice! Best so far.
V nice app
Love all the information it provides
Best I've seen
Love it
Awesome app!!
Beautiful, functional and loaded with cool features. Just hope its not a battery hog
Nice app works fine
Looks great, has lots of weather info, and put together nicely! Only thing I would want changed is the brown looking widget. If It's for warm weather...maybe red or orange?
Best weather app I have used.
Looks super nice, a great replacement for my weather channel app.
Evo 3d
Good and nice
Nicest weather app for android!
Well worth having, spot on.
This is the best weather app by far.
Best weather until now
My favorite feature is the temperature icon in the taskbar.
This is excellent and accurate.  Highly recommend this.
Just awesome.
Best so far !
This app looks great. The temperature icon on the top left corner of your phone is nice and readable. Also the app itself works like magic. Would recomend to anyone :D
Excellent app! Better than anything in the market.
Excellent app! Better than anything in the market.
Makes me moist for rain!!!
Great app buty design
Great app buty design
Really like this app,
Fantastico
It does what ire promise
Long time I waited for gd weather app and hopefully this will do it
Long time I waited for gd weather app and hopefully this will do it
Very nice
Best weather application.. so far.
Best weather app!
Must have this
Must have this
Lovely app even found my village widget looks nice to.
App is great :) i bought it but I still got the ads.
Great
Great app and dead simple but informative and agree with previous comments about having maps outside of the US would be much better
Its excellent period.
sweet look good
Good one
Good
The best weather app I have found to date. It is a must have.
Great app
Worth the download, tons of features. Best weather app I've seen. Nice layout and up to date weather info!
Great app
Needs improvement of performance while scrolling
Looks great and does its job perfectly. Good stuff. Only improvement woud be for the paid version to add more features, not just remove the ads. It's always nice to pay money for something other than ad removal.
Love it... so unique
Love it... so unique
This is the weather app you have been looking for. Everything I want in a weather app is here. Never been happy with any of the many apps I've tried. This one blew me out of the water. I immediately upgraded to pro. And I am a cheap SOB when it comes to apps! No regrets! Get this now!
Functional, simple and cute.
Not only does it look awesome but the functionality of this app is second to none.
Cool
Superbapp
Superbapp
So great and smooth
Great apps
This is by far the best looking weather app that I have ever seen. After installing this one, I removed all my other weather apps.
Its rlly cool and helpful
Smooth
App
it's nice&easy.....after a long search..
Just download and try it. You will love it (if you care about the weather and all the lesser know weather aspects). Best weather app on Android.
nice
Actually very impressed,  clean, smooth, informative. Nice job.
Great app.
The app works so well just needs a bigger widget... Maybe 6x6?
Love this.....w Metric as well.
I like it!! From peru here. Nice and smooth.
I like it!! From peru here. Nice and smooth.
Awesome app must download
Perfecto
In my opinion one of the best weather apps.
In my opinion one of the best weather apps.
Widget is the coolest feature. Works great - Droid Charge
Must have!
Best weather app ever
Simple and elegant
Excellent Widget
Awesome  ,good graphic
Superb awsome
Its a new take on how you get your weather. Great minimalistic design that is sure to please anyone. Keep up the great work!
No complaints for a free app like this!
Cool
Very good and detailed weather app :)
Looks cool, lots of options and easy to use. What else do you want?!
Very nice app!
Very nice app!
No other weather app like it!
Hi There.. love this app. .can you please adjust the brown semi circle indicator to be sensitive to celcius temperature as well?
Gindara wage app ekak... Harima lassanai... Really great app... Nice work
Works great on Droid X2
Very beautiful layout and different than other app
Very beautiful layout and different than other app
so cool
Definitely the best weather app I've ever seen. Decided to buy the no-ads version, too. One small gripe: I wish there were more wallpaper options. Not a big deal, though.
Simple to understand and efficient.
Está muy buena aunque no entiendo los datos del widget
Goes well with Ice Cream Sandwich theme.
The info is good but I don't like the widget its too square
Just downloaded it and i'm loving it
Ive tried many weather apps and widgets, this is bybfar the best working one, always accurate, and widget looks awesome. 15 stars!!!
App...but drains the battery really bad! I will probably end up deleting it.
Beautiful app! Best weather app I have seen to date.
Its an awsome app it works great  ;-)
So far best weather app I've seen!!
Excellent app
Excellent app
Excellent app
Best weather because its simple..
Great stuff
It's just amazing! Totally recommended.
Awesome! First app in a long time that I actually like. Definitely recommend it.
Just what was I looking for..
Fantastic app, sits in notification bar. Picks up tweets for local area, brilliant animations too between menus.
My search is over
Best app.
Smooth and attractive interface. Cool little app.
The most accurate weather app on the market. Lets hope for better animations . Brilliant
Works really nice!recommend it :)
love it
Stunning app..  Would like more widget options, but a breath of fresh air in applications
Very minimalistic design! Love it!
Finally a nice working weather app for non sense users. I'd change the background app though. And go for less functionality in free and more in pro. Adds suck x)
Top of the pop
Top of the pop
Visually stunning and very informative!
Great weather app, will be better when all the features work worldwide, but still excellent!
ใช้ดีครับลองดู
First 1
Works really well on galaxy s2... Superb
Good weather app
WOW!!! Absolutely LOVE this app. Does everything it said it would. Lots of great info. No complaints. Way to go guys!!!
Nice!
Awesomee
The widget could be better
Beautifully simple to navigate. Tons of weather info. My only ding is the ad bar, but it doesnt really detract from the app. Great job guys.
The best weather app I havr used so far
Looks amazing
Just amazing... works on my SGS perfectly fine
Nice
Beautiful and intuitive. But please update with a performance boost. It's a bit laggy on my Nexus S with ICS.
Great weather app. Easy to use.
Awesome I love it
best weather widget ive seen and ive installed and deleted 10 so far so i dont think ill get to 11 after installing this one. has everything a weather nerd could ask for
A very clean UI! Awesome!
Truly an amazing app... Far better than the default on my xperia Ray
Introduced to this by an acquaintance on Google+ and its is such an eye-pleasing application.
Great app
Great app and terrific service thanks
Smooth as silk...
Ace to base.
This is the easiest weather app I've ever used!! Great widget, awesome graphics. I only wish there was a way for me to move the positioning of the radar. I would like to be able to see what is comming off the west coast.
WHAT THE HELL. YOU GUYS BLEW ME AWAY!!
Widget works great app is even better. Droid X
Only needs bigger widget with clock
Xcellent app?
I've tried quite a few weather apps and this one is definitely my favorite. Will be paying for the ad-free upgrade momentarily.
Ομορφο!
Looks and works great. Nothing else like it, easy to use. Needs more customization features- background, style, color, etc. 5 Stars
Love what I see so far in this app
Awesome and a must have ap for those who want to get updated with weather updates..,loving it.
I love this app.
Awesome and stylish weather app, although I think they could've done a better job on the widget.
Stunning app...i like it
Awesome appl.
weather straight talk!
Love it!!!
This one,is so unique and intuitive with much more information than any other weather app out there
Way better than I thought it would be
Easy to use, good info.
This is the best! It's got everything you can think of.
Best weather app I have used to date.
Best weather app I have used to date.
Best weather app I have used to date.
Best Weather app
Great app
Simple n informative
UI wins it all.
UI wins it all.
UI wins it all.
Nice design, clear and informative Widget. Best weather application I have seen so far
Its a great app that shows everything u may or may not need to no and also is quick and easy to get to
Love this app
The best weather app
Would get 5 stars but I can't figure out why it has a twitter feed and picture section,  they serve no purpose with regards to the weather especially when the places mentioned are town's with similar names in other parts of the world.
Soooooo good. Just makes sense to me. Very pleasant interface.
Appreciated it all time
Very different but very good. Unlike the rest which is refreshing.  Love the UI is.
Excellent app. The only thing i would like is to get rid of the brown background for the widget
Best weather app ive ever seen!!!  It has even more options on it than i expected!!!
Wow this seems great,I also have tweet caster by you and love it. I just got this app but I already love it.I upgraded to pro to get rid of adds.a must download if you don't like it you can always uninstall.I think its great.
Wow this seems great,I also have tweet caster by you and love it. I just got this app but I already love it.I upgraded to pro to get rid of adds.a must download if you don't like it you can always uninstall.I think its great.
The best by far
This is great!
Removed acuweather for this.
Search no more...this is it !
Search no more...this is it !
Love this app and how well it shows the weather and how it gives the details of how its going to be the next day
Best weather app I've used!
Well laid out application with lots of features.
Well laid out application with lots of features.
:)
:)
:)
Very good app
So easy to use. Love it!
With one app, this gives me accurate weather conditions, insightful forecasts, a notification bar temperature reading and a 2x2 widget. It's there when I want it and otherwise quiet. Great app!
Very nice
I finally have a weather app  worth keeping on my phone!!
one of a kind.  Very good
Great app. Love it
Beautifully executed and runs smooth! Only wish it had more widget options.
This is a great app on my EVO 4G
Once you turn off the unnecessary notifications and the status bar notification it works beautifully. HTC My Touch 4G
Great weather app. Others have better radar, but everything else about this app is better.
Great weather app. Others have better radar, but everything else about this app is better.
Great weather app. Others have better radar, but everything else about this app is better.
I like it more than weather, and weather channel
Great app
Just wish it wasn't brown.
By far the best weather app I have ever tried.
All I can say is WOW!!!
Awesome!
I used accuweather but this is so much nicer and easier to use. You will love it
Absolutely amazing!!! This is the best weather app I have found...its appealing to the eyes as well!
Nice graphics. Good features. Need to account for daylight savings time.
Better than all the others.
I like that you can put it in your display bar, the different settings, and the huge range of places I can track weather. I have mine set to 3 different cities in wisconsin and 2 in the philippines. Awesome app. Pretty  backgrounds too and very convenient.
I like that you can put it in your display bar, the different settings, and the huge range of places I can track weather. I have mine set to 3 different cities in wisconsin and 2 in the philippines. Awesome app. Pretty  backgrounds too and very convenient.
Best I've used yet, and free!
Best weather app
This app is the most attractive weather app on the market. With that, there is not a lose of quality. Very accurate. Works great on GNexus ICS.
This app is the most attractive weather app on the market. With that, there is not a lose of quality. Very accurate. Works great on GNexus ICS.
This app is the most attractive weather app on the market. With that, there is not a lose of quality. Very accurate. Works great on GNexus ICS.
I just love this weather reporter....Its amazing.....
It's really cool. Breaks down the day into morning, afternoon, and evening. Shows an extensive 48hour break down of weather, as well as an overview of a 7 day forecast. Tons of cool goodies as well. (severe weather updates, wind speed, chance of rain, amount of rain, humidity, ect.)
It's really cool. Breaks down the day into morning, afternoon, and evening. Shows an extensive 48hour break down of weather, as well as an overview of a 7 day forecast. Tons of cool goodies as well. (severe weather updates, wind speed, chance of rain, amount of rain, humidity, ect.)
I give this one the max
Awesome weather app for Android
Nice App.  Great Job!
I love the temperature on the top left corner of my phone
Love this app. Easy to use an accurate. I have all the cities I travel to programmed in so I know the weather before I have to travel those roads. Awesome.
Did not expect this. Clean. Informative. I like it so far.
Beautiful APP!!!
Better than weather bug
Temp for my location is 8 degrees off.
Love it!
Looks great! Functions amazing! EVO 3D
I had weatherbug before this I like the interaction with this better than WB
I had weatherbug before this I like the interaction with this better than WB
I had weatherbug before this I like the interaction with this better than WB
Great app so far!!!
i have used many weather applications but nothing comes close to this!!
Very good weather app
Great app
awesome app! works perfectly :)
Best weather app EVER!!!
Great app!!
Awesome
Just what I've been looking for deleted the other apps
I've finally found a great looking weather app :) Displays lots of useful info as well!
Love the look and widgets are a good look.
Really nice in-depth reports.
This is the best free weather app that I have downloaded.
Excellent!
Great app. Looks really cool
Very good looking interface
Very good looking interface
Cool app
Cool app
Cool app
This application is soo awesome! I love all the features this app offers.
It's a quality app that gets the job done.
Make a widget that takes me straight to radar & I'll say perfect. LOVE the real time tweet reports. The best weather app I've found & I've tried them all.
Great weather app!! The best
Great weather app!! The best
It's great, let's me know everything I need to know for travel plans
Beautiful layout with all the information I need easily accessible!
Beautiful layout with all the information I need easily accessible!
OneLoader have made another superb app that looks good and works effortlessly. Free is great, but buy to support this excellent group to prosper.
Only have had the app for a day and I like it alot. But not having the ability to have it follow my location makes it a very attractive, but 95% useless! I would buy it if it had that feature.
Awesome
Best weather app I've seen
Can easily read weather whenever!
Works well so far. Love the animated Doppler.
I like it, what I want to know quickly
I like it, what I want to know quickly
Nice looking. Easy to use.
This is by far the best weather app out there
Absolutely great! And FREE!! Just sayin.
Simple clean beautiful great work!
Simple clean beautiful great work!
Really
great app
I like it just wish it had a better widget
I like it just wish it had a better widget
Fantastic on HTC Evo
Good
Works as advertised. The customize options are a nice touch.
Works beautifully on Galaxy Nexus
The app is good but because I am a fisherman i would like to see a barometric numbers or measures. Thanks
UI is very good...:radar is weak....if it had WSI radar .....awesome...if the forecast is accurate.... Will be my favorite weather forecast app
Better then weather channel and any tv forcaster.
Great.... luv it!
Love all da features in da app
Looks so good and with accurate info too
Awesome..but takes too long to open app from widget
Best weather application on the market .
Love the app. Just paid to get rid of the adds and I love it even more. The adds weren't bad but I like the clean no adds look better. Only wish I could change the brown color on the widget to something nicer like the blue used for text in the app. Otherwise no cons. It just works.
Light on the resources. Simple panes of info. Non cluttered, non adfilled like weather bug or water channel.  1) Line graph for daily temp and rain%. Very nice.   2) Feels like status bar temp setting.
Light on the resources. Simple panes of info. Non cluttered, non adfilled like weather bug or water channel.  1) Line graph for daily temp and rain%. Very nice.   2) Feels like status bar temp setting.
Awesome!!!
The style, clever reference of twitter entries, and presentation of weather data give a simultaneously detailed yet easy to digest weather status.  Not as pretty as Go, or as detailed as accu... But your practical considerations are well met by this app.  Minus star for lack of follow me function.
I have been looking for a good weather app for so long and this app also gives me an option of putting my OWN zip code....that was a win for me!!!! More weather widget option would be nice tooo...HTC Inspire...
Slick and efficient!
Great app this replaced my current stock app,nice cool features also. Motorola Photon 4G
Its great its doing what it says and more. Thanks
Just a great app. Thank. You for making it.
Just a great app. Thank. You for making it.
Awesome app on my HTC Inspire 4G phone. I was using The Weather Channel app. Like this one better!
Good work. :-)
I like it because you don't have to turn on your location.
The best so far
The best so far
Well thought out.
Very good so far. Only had it for a minute but so far its a great app
Yep
Great app love the features
Love it!!!
Love the info it provides for weather
excellent app
Nice app.
Nice app.
The best app weather
The Best weather app ever! The only one u need.
I have tried several weather apps and this one is awesome. Works every time. I love all the special affects it has to offer .★★★★★
Awesome weather app the best I have tried
Absolutely delighted with this app and with the widget! It has everythin I need. And I can always see the temperature in the left corner of my phone.
Best weather app
Love this weather app. Has great visuals, easy to use and understand, love the all in one glance widget....(which mine has been erasing since the update, but only flaw since I've had it.) Kind of wish you could use your own images for background.
Love this app. Clean and functional.  I really like the precipitation forecast feature. Definitely worth a download.
Love this app. Clean and functional.  I really like the precipitation forecast feature. Definitely worth a download.
Pretty cool so far.  Like the option to have information for various cities.  Runs great on Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket.
simple, but detailed/esp. like the design & layout. Good for both home and out-of-town weather tracking on my galaxy nexus lte
Pretty display.
Pretty display.
Will be buying pro version. But can someone tell me what the upside down umbrella does on the widget?
i like the Temp. statubar & easy to see the weather  Works great in my location in Puerto Rico
I love weather and I can get the info I like to know from this app.
Beautiful and useful...
Best weather app around.
Totally cool!!
Love this application.. this is awesome!!!
Awesome
Great app so far!
Beautiful
is exactly why i needed
Lots of weather related information with cool animation effects. Worth upgrading.
The best weather app!
Much improved from earlier versions. Easy to use with useful hints. Thanks for keeping this updated - Optimus 2x
Looks good and easy to read.
Looks good and easy to read.
Nice work. Thank you..
Nice work. Thank you..
Cool app I like it
Love it
This is a cool, fresh weather app!
Great easy tool to use.
Where have you been all my life gorgeous weather app with Canadian support?  Best app I've seen.
I can't pay for the pro variant. It keeps giving me an error. :-(
4-10 degrees off every time. Not very helpful if it can't even get the temperature right
Best weather app ever galaxy s 4G
Best
Simply gorgeous
Great. App.
Simple, detailed and easy on the eyes.
Great App? It would be Awsome if it showed the current temp and the real feel temp in the task bar.
Haven't bought a weather app in quite awhile, but this one was worth it :) -Galaxy Nexus
Blows the others away.
Blows the others away.
But please add hybrid units option, temp in Celsius and winds in miles per hour. This is the preference of many countries, including the United Kingdom.
But please add hybrid units option, temp in Celsius and winds in miles per hour. This is the preference of many countries, including the United Kingdom.
Yes it is!
Tight app. Widget is awesome too.
Nice
Needs better radar other than that nice app lil slow at times but its cool
Only had it for a day but so far one of the best weather apps available
Ditched beautiful widgets for this, simple and functional. No complaints. Galaxy Nexus - paradigm rom
Pretty cool
This is a great app.  Good graphics, easy to use and free.  Can't ask for much more.
Thank you soooooo much for this app! It includes everything you need for your weather questions....the graphics and interactions are AWESOME. I only have one critique... Display options to include showing airtemp/feels like temp simultaneously, please include of at all possible ... Thank you for a great product!! Device: PC36100 Android Version: 2.3.5 1Weather Version: 1.4
Great for telling the weather
very easy to use
My Main Weather App. Simple Look. Updates Just Keep Making It Better.
excellent software is easy to read and understand .
excellent software is easy to read and understand .
No way to update the radar. Still shows radar map from this afternoon.
No way to update the radar. Still shows radar map from this afternoon.
This is the greatest app ever it even has live radar and weather alerts. I totally love 1weather app. This could really save lives in severe weather. Thank you so much!
,
I love the interface and it's more accurate than the weatherman on tv
Good
This is one of the best looking weather apps, but the widget is the most stupid and ugly thing I have seen for Android.
Please make tablet version too
So many of the other weather applications are bloatware.  This one is lean and runs fast!  Just what I wanted in a weather app!  Plus it has a good interface also.  A+++++++
This app is amazing works super good!!!
Never thought I'd love a weather app but this one ROCKS!!!!!
Finally, a weather App that tells it all without choking your Android resources.
Finally, a weather App that tells it all without choking your Android resources.
Very nice app, better than the weather channel app that no longer works for my tbolt.
Best weather app I have used. Great job! Droid Charge.
This is the best weather app available in the market right now. The only downfall is that there is no option for a 24-hour clock.
This is the best weather app available in the market right now. The only downfall is that there is no option for a 24-hour clock.
Accurate... Quick Access to 7 day,  radar,  and % chances of rain/snow
Lightweight and battery friendly. Better than Weatherbug, by far.
Radar will not center on my city properly. Centers instead on radar station which is way east. So I can't see to the West which is where most rain comes from here. Developer refuses to fix.
Good job!!
Very impressed,  much better than the weather channel
It does everything you want from a weather app and more! It also looks and feels amazing! Its a delight to look at everyday.
AWESOME !!!!!
very nice app and not confusing
Luv it
Luv it
1Weather is far and away the best weather app made yet. A new way to display information in a very attractive layout. Also, I love the widget. Finally an excellent weather widget/app without the stupid clock...
By far the best weather app for the HTC evo. Simple and broken down into every category  you need. The best part is the radar outstanding. Good job on the app guys love it.
Best in the world
Awesome app. Could do with more choice on wallpapers and ability to change color of text.
Looks nice, lightweight, clean, simple, easy, accurate forecast, spot on location. Recommend
A little laggy. Cdma galaxy nexus
I will be upgrading! Gorgeous simplicity!
The best weather app yet!!!
Gorgeous, streamlined app and widget. Reddit rocks too!
Excellent and beautiful ui! The widget is the only thing that needs some work to match the main apps ui and feel
Love the features and display
Great ap
Love it.
I like it
This is a very good weather app,it does what it says it does.Works well on HTC EVO 4 G.
This is a very good weather app,it does what it says it does.Works well on HTC EVO 4 G.
Nice features
Nice features
Love all the features, but especially the "what it feels like" feature that tells you what conditions are outside. A couple examples are "refreshingly cool" and "nippy". I feel these are more informative than just numbers.
Great
Has many real time features.
Best weather application I've had!  Thank you!
Love the graphics
Love it works perfectly fine
Love its layout
it is avery nice one
Great app
Awesome! Galaxy Nexus
BEAUTIFULLY PUT TOGETHER& ACCURATE
Nice app!
Best weather app I can find. The widget for it isn't great though.
Best weather app I can find. The widget for it isn't great though.
Worthfull
And I love it
Who
Who
I love it, great app!!!
Great job. So happy to look at the weather. Beautiful, clean design.
Use to use Weather Chanel , then Weather Bug. Figured give this one a try. So far I like it. But in reality they are all good. I will keep this app installed for time being.
This app is amazing!
Does everything ... even gives storm alerts! I recommend it.
Good stuff
I bought this to encourage more designers to focus on aesthetics. I'm not a meteorologist, I'm just a guy who wants the temp, forecast, warning alerts, and a radar. I bought this app because it provides that in the most elegant UI I've seen on a weather app.
I uninstalled all other weather app. This 1 has it all.
Finally, a weather app that is both stylish and functional!
Best weather app on the market imo
Great app.
Awesome app...really helpful.
I used to use weatherbug, but i prefer this app now.  Seems solid so far.
beautiful ui. option to have no background please.
nice app, with many features
Should now not be without my suntan lotion in the sun or get my hair wet in the rain.
It's great! I love the fact that the current temperature shows on my status bar
It's great! I love the fact that the current temperature shows on my status bar
It's great! I love the fact that the current temperature shows on my status bar
Very neat interface.I, really like this!
Works like it should, no complaints.
Good app
And that is a good thing. Like that it's not the same old weather app, but with a cool widget!
Very clean.
Great app. Has all sorts of information I like. Very handy. Love it.
Very nice add compase optional
Really nice and perfect so far. No problems finding me and looks great. Doubt need this but with severe weather lately that notification could be worth this. Samsung galaxy nexus, ics 4.0.2 with nova launcher.
Nice layou
Good app
This has quickly became my favorite weather app.
Smaller, faster, and prettier than all the other web apps, with just as many features.
The app is great now that they fixed the widget!
I love this app
I like the fact how you get a lot of info in a small neat package.  I would add the ability to thumb the widget to change your preset locations and/or add the possibility to looked at you current location from the widget and not have to add it as a location first.  Great app otherwise.
Super cool
Just needs customable Widgets
Very accurate!
This app is second to none!
Love this app!  Its the best weather app I've downloaded so far! Try it you will love it! Very accurate!
Cool weather app very smooth!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's the best weather app period.
minimalist, yet functional and beautiful.. best weather app on android. installed on Samsung GS 2
Very simple and accurate  widget to use Samsung galaxy 4g
Very simple and accurate  widget to use Samsung galaxy 4g
It so beautiful
Great app
Like it better than weather channel and weather bug
This is an amazing app! The best out there.
Like.it!
Sick.
Fan of the dev-OneLouder Apps. Use tweetcaster to death :). So when I saw this app, I tried it out. Saw the layout was nice and clean, and I loved the UI from the get go and bought the "pro" version. Now I want different icons! LOL
This is definitely the best weather app & widget I've used.
Best weather app so far!
Very user friendly and informative!
Thanks for the update, five star app
Will work with 1Weather and see how it compares to MyCast, which uses more memory.
Real good
Awesome app very visually appealing. The widget is pretty cool as well.
Best weather app by far.  The gui is quick and responsive.  I wish the status bar notification was a black colored font but it the app does update when it says it will unlike every other app I've tried.  Almost as good as a Shark Sandwich.
Best .
Widget so poor and you don't have an other option, but it's a very nice weather app with UI clear & simple. TRY IT!
This is way better than fancy widgets.  Captivate.
As other users have pointed out this app and its possible inaccuracies (as opposed to other apps with 100% accuracy, apparently) could help eliminate people who entrust their safety to an app.
Haven't found a better weather app and believe me when I tell you I've searched. Totally satisfied.. Thanks... Lissa.Reshay
Beautiful... everything!!!!
Exellent app watch, dont know how weather channel cant keep up
Like it alot
It's clean, fresh, lots of information and simple to understand.
It's clean, fresh, lots of information and simple to understand.
This is the best app. I never rate apps but I had to this one is a beast.
I love the UI and with her recent update this is my "go to" weather app.  Very accurate and easy to use.
I love the UI and with her recent update this is my "go to" weather app.  Very accurate and easy to use.
I love the UI and with her recent update this is my "go to" weather app.  Very accurate and easy to use.
Just downloaded works really so far
I've used many weather apps and can say I like this one the best. Glad there's a way to remove the ads cause I hate ads in my apps. Onelouder also has great customer service which is a reason I continue to support their apps.
Does what it says.
Lack of color but very nice, who do I make the check out to?
Now this is an app I will pay for. Nice
Great app .
Nice easy clear layout. Fewer ads than others, so you can actually use the app.
Had a local app. But love this one.
Great app! One of the best in the market. Would give it 5 stars if you could zoom in further on the radar map.
Really easy on the eyes, and very detailed and highly functional!
Excellent weather app does what it says then some
This app rocks!
Beautiful app. Thanks
Thank you for this app. Just....thank you.
Very nice app. It's like they read my mind as to what I wanted in a weather app!
A simple yet beautiful. Love it.
Best app I ever had, paid to remove ads. Everyone that loves it should buy and support the developers. I appreciate the warnings when they come up. Thanks for all the work ...this app is functional, necessary, and pretty :)
I uninstallrd The Weather Channel app today. Enough said!
Finally a weather app that don't suck. It looks so nice too.
Fine app, keep up the good work.
Fine app, keep up the good work.
Works well. I haven't had a problem yet.
Everything is amazing !!!!
!!
!!
Great weather app.  Useful and beautiful!  Thanks.
Seems to work great
Best weather app I've seen. Really like the layout!
VERY clean and informative app. Tons of features with very little bloat. Low battery impact, and epic widget. Hard to find a good app these days that doesn't take a ton of memory!
Works great. GS 2
Works great on commando.
Works great on commando.
This beats the weather channel app. Very well designed.
This beats the weather channel app. Very well designed.
Very clean and simple. Nice graphics.
Very clean and simple. Nice graphics.
Saw this was avalible on the news. Looks great .
Thank you for this!
Seems to work well and  accurate so far. widgets are kind of ugly, but can set one for each city. Like the different backgrounds. I deleted 2 other weather aps, as this one covers so many details.   thanks dev.
Form and function
All the information you need!
This weather app has everything: hourly, 48 hour, precipitation, severe weather alerts, etc. It doesn't seem to track location, which is good for battery life but not the most accurate, but it is easy to add multiple locations. Would be nice to change temp type on the alert bar. Works great on nexus s, but not available on wife's LG phoenix- what gives?
Most weather apps just tell you the weather that gets boring lol. I love all the cool animations.
The best
Awesome app. Easy to use. Very clean and organized. Beautiful presentation.
This is the best weather app.  Period.
Easy and good looking GUI
Best weather app by far.  Fast,  intuitive,  and clean interface let you quickly get the information you want.
Awesome app, finally something new, refreshing and accurate. 5 stars deserved.
Awesomeness
Best app ever
Best app ever
Currently my favorite weather app. Love the look of it and so far weather has been accurate. Would love an animated widget.
I love it
I love this app on my nexus I wish you guys had a tablet app for it best weather app.
Love it very detailed and accurate
Works great. Nice UI. Easy to use. Widget is nice, not too large and everything is customizable. Very slick. Pro version gets rid of the ads, unless you don't care.
This is the best weather app i'v found,  and it works Great!!  A must have!!!!
This is a wonderfully laid out and smooth operating application! It's just amazing to use and it provides a lot of need-to-know information in a clean, elegant manner.  I recommend this weather app to everyone.
This is an excellent app. It replaced Beautiful Widgets for my weather, however in a recent update they force a notification bar temperature that you can NOT disable unless you go Pro.  Shady way of forcing to upgrade...I'd say let us have no status bar icon unless you pay, I might uninstall 'cause of this :(  **EDIT**  You CAN disable the notification but you have to temporarily check "Auto-Refresh" to do so. Still a great app, rating back up!
But can you add a way to change notification color? Mostly to match ICS. A color chooser would be better. Upvote to you.
But its a bit slow on scrolling from screen to screen on gnex besides that.... flawless
The app has a lot of great features. Paying two dollars for the app just removes the advertisements and also helps support the developers. :) I would highly recommend to anyone who likes to stay in the now on the weather.
First impressions so important and boy does this app make one.
About time a nice clean weather app that works.
The best weather app !!!!!!!!!
Appearance-wise, the best around!!  All the info you want, with a cool UI.
The widget is beautiful and once you open it up, even more features that you didn't know you needed. Also has a dangerous weather alert feature..got me hooked.
Replaced TWC app with this one and love it
Ive tried other weather apps,and this one stood out the most for me. Simple,clean and beautiful to look at. It totally compliments all my other widgets. Thanks
Great app
I forget now where I heard about this (likely Reddit) and it is just wonderful. Then I saw the widget! Love it! Please let me pay you to get rid of ads!!! Also, update for ICS so I can put it on my Touchpad!  Great work!
Muy buena sigan asi
Very good I like it
Wish their was a 4x1 widget
I give it a all-star rating for doing exactly what it says it will do. Many more extras within
Simple. Easy. Accurate. Great job
This is the best weather app I've found.
I love it. Way more info than expected. AWESOME.
Best Weather App Period!
I like it! thanks
I am so glad that you added the temp to the notification bar but could it be actual temp instead of feels like temp? Maybe the feels like could be on the home page instead.
Tells me info I want to know in a clean and beautiful design.
Doesn't drain battery.
This is the best weather app!
Great weather app!
I love this app but for me the widget doesn't refresh.I'm running custom ice from on Galaxy S.
Love it!!
One of the better weather apps.
Great looking app
I like it
Awesome app, but allow for font color change for the status bar. White on almost-white is impossible to read.
My favorite weather app I've found yet. Love the app layout. Love the widget.
Just needs to have follow my location on the widget and you've got a great app! Can we get the ability to choose between actual temp or real feel in the status bar, perhaps auto toggle?  Thanks, ed  mt4g
Just get it
Just get it
Seems to be the best so far.
Work!
Loving this! Would be nice if we could upload our own weather pics...
A lot....gnex cdma rooted
For once a weather app that is worth installing ......thanks
Love the U.I. and accuracy. As soon as the widget gets updated the will be the best weather app android has to offer. Great job guys!!!
Love the U.I. and accuracy. As soon as the widget gets updated the will be the best weather app android has to offer. Great job guys!!!
Replaced the weather bug for me. Nicer looking interface. Kind of fun! Good work!
Just paid the $2 to remove adds now that notification bar temp has been added! Please add option to change notification bar temp to actual temp!
Hands down the best weather app on the market! Wish the colors on widget were customizable, hate that brown. HTC INCREDIBLE
App runs great lots of information. Looks good too
5 stars since the latest update! Thanks for the notification temp addition!
Best weather app I have tried!
Great weather app
Love the app
Needs a better forecast widget, the one it comes with is underwhelming, with better widget gets five stars easily.
Great looks
I really like this app quite accurate. This is a keeper.
I love this app! It feels simplistic while having a lot of information available for me. Same with the widget a lot of info with simplistic form. A color selection for it would be nice. I haven't had any issues running it on my Galaxy SII. Now that it tells the temp in the status bar its the only app I have.
I love the ui. Not only smooth and fun to use, it delivers a ton of information in a basic and easy to understand way.
And yeah, you can see the temperature on the status bar!
Great app. Love the widget. Best weather app/ widget in market
Awesome
Boom
Needs hourly weather
excellent!
Love the simplicity & beauty!
I love it's layout, it's done very well.
Tried lots of weather apps and this one is nice looking and not a resource hog like TWC APP which on my incredible was 52mb running!!  This app so far is lightweight, under 4mb running. Easy interface and the radar while not the best gives you a good idea of what's going on.   Only complaint I have is the widget could be nicer and customizable.   BEST SO FAR.   Wetter is nice but no American radar and no German makes this one better
UI looks great. Please update more often and improve performance. Radar also could be a bit prettier.  -a paying user
Not a bad weather app although not that much better than the widget that came with my phone.
Would love a widget...
Slick interface, accurate weather information, awesome widget, cool animations in the app, easy to use, what more do you want?
Must have
I love this app.  I have tried most others and this is my favorite.  I love the precipitation page. Very clean interface.
Ease of use, and being able to add zipcodes/ locations  is a nice touch
I love this weather app. I had a question regarding the colors and sent them a email. I received a great response. Thank you!  :-)
Best Weather App
Application does everything and MORE than I expected.  Animation is a plus.  Updates are accurate.  Excellent weather app.  Deserves five.
Really good app.
Another great app from OneLouder. Animation is superb.
Simple and still creative loving it
Good weather app. Cant complain.
Downloaded due to a recommendation from a friend.  So far so good.  Great looking, seems to be spot on.
Support is excellent also
Great!
Better than beautiful widgets
Good application
Very slick!
I'm dumping the other weather programs. This one installed so easily, set up so simply, and does more than I require.
best weather app so far. the widget needs work though
Wish there were more choices of widgets.
It will change your life, like it changed my own life.
It will change your life, like it changed my own life.
What I really want is a tablet version. App 2 sd would be cool too.
This weather app is simple and intuitive, yet beautiful. Well done. I payed for the ad free version. Would love to see a tablet version as well.
Great app! Glad we get to have a pro version ..... No more ads! Now have a option to get rid of tweets and pic
Clean, gives you what you need to know to plan your day!
Clean, gives you what you need to know to plan your day!
Works perfectly, looks good.
Great love the background and effects.
Very slick looking app
I've been looking for a great weather app and this one is awesome. Simple, yet gives all the info I want, plus much more. Graphics are fresh and original! Props to the dev!
A really beautiful UI and its really smooth.
Looks gorgeous and works well. Can't wait till we can get radar maps in the UK, and more widgets please!
Looks gorgeous and works well. Can't wait till we can get radar maps in the UK, and more widgets please!
Sweet best ever OMG sweet sweet it is brilliance done right.
One of the best apps I've used so far. It's a keeper.
Replaced my Weather Channel app with this one, way easier to read and navigate, quicker and doesn't crash like TWC
App
ADORE!!!
Nice app. Works well.
This just veg informative but also very pretty.  Love it! Though I wish I can put my wallpaper.
Tons of info, great interface, very cool and original widget. More background wallpapers and more config options would be even better.
Tons of info, great interface, very cool and original widget. More background wallpapers and more config options would be even better.
Love it. Hope they keep making apps that look this good.
Does what it says it will do. Good graphics.
Looks amazing and is very fast and responsive. Includes all the features you will ever need.
A weather app seems like a simple thing but this is the only one that does it right. It's fast, clear, and simple. Perfect.
I've used a lot of weather apps but this one is by far my favorite. Simple and clean yet feature rich.
Awesomr widget
Great app, but widget is oddly shaped/positioned. But overall a great piece of programming
Easily the best weather app out there. And I've tried them all. It's so easy and detailed and really cool! Yay 1weather!
So far do good. Design  great and has been very acurate.
Fantastic
Cool and nice. Wish it had color for the pics weather., will look very amazing plus change to more beautiful backgrounds too.
Best weather app for Galaxy Nexus ICS
This I one of the best weather app i've ever used. Very eye catching with a lot of features.
You make Weather News Fun an Beautiful!
Well thought out. Gives you the basic data you're most likely to need, right on the cover page, and makes drilling down for specifics really easy.
Well thought out. Gives you the basic data you're most likely to need, right on the cover page, and makes drilling down for specifics really easy.
Best lookin and accurate
Now this is how an app should be made. Only weather app ill use for now on. Great job!
Looks great. Love the widget but what does the brown mean?
I honestly can say this is one of the best weather applications that I've you. going to try it for another week if I still enjoy it going to go pro.
Clean, fast, really LOVE the circular widget, and it's visually appealing. Beats out every other weather app I've used, by a landslide.   Almost marked it down one star to 4 because of the ads; I'd gladly pay a buck to get rid of them. But the damned app is so stellar that I didn't want to short-change the developer because of this one minor inconvenience. Running flawlessly on a stock HTC t-bolt unrooted 234 If you don't have it, get it. You'll almost immediately dump all the rest of your weather apps into the dustbin of disgrace.
Could have more locations
Great app
Pretty awesome so far! No complaints!
Love the widget.
Achieving iOS type experience. It's just beautiful and works beautifully.  It's the little nuances that makes these apps feel like it's an iOS user experience.
Achieving iOS type experience. It's just beautiful and works beautifully.  It's the little nuances that makes these apps feel like it's an iOS user experience.
Everything you need and more...I can't stay off of it!!
Simply amazing application, user friendly, excellent interface, minimal animations, lets you know EVERYTHING that's going on outside
Looks great and works competently. Can't ask for much more than that.
The best!
Great and would be greater if it could show local times of day for non-home locations.
it's pretty and functional and all in all my favorite weather app (the widget is just very good)
Saying wow to a weather app? Can't help it
Everything looks great. Would like better radar but I'm not complaining.
Love the graphics
Good Job
Feels awesome, nice design, very customizable... and i think it also gives you the weather.
Looks great!  Flows great!  Much smoother and cleaner than Weather Channel's app.  I really like the widget.
Not your typical weather app. Everything you need to know about the weather at a glance.
One thing though, it's not very accurate. It says it's +3c even it's -20 outside. What's the source of the data? Can it be changed? Thanks anyway... Looks awesome :)
This app is top notch.
I downloaded this app based upon a suggestion in the PC Mag newsletter and they were right; this app is great!  I base my outdoor training on the forecast and haven't been letdown yet.
Great app. Sooo clean!
The most beautiful app for weather i've seen on Android!
Great smooth app! Hope the new update allows resizable widget.
Great smooth app! Hope the new update allows resizable widget.
I downloaded this app after I read an article on an android website.  I agree completely with what I read.  Love it.  Received notifications of severe weather the first day.  What an improvement over others I use.  My new favorite weather app.
shows everything weather related for my city except the temperature... N/A always shows instead.
This is the best weather app. I'm obsessed with the weather, this one is simple and clean. The widget is awesome too!
Loving the app !
