confirm upon exit can't be removed despite disabling it.
This is the best browser on the market. I like this interface better than the regular dolphin browser
Dl'ed it, took up 8.53 MB. Too much memory took up, also the on-screen gestures doesn't hide when that opinion is checked, uninstalled.
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
This browser is really fast compared to the HD one I was using! Keep it up!
@Chad I have an intercept too and this app and I can assure you...it's your phone. Intercepts are the dumbest "smart" phones on the market.
Fast and light, with loads of decent features. Would be good if it had a recently closed tabs option. Hero 2.2
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Just an update or two away from perfection. No more options/settings. Just tweak the speed/efficiency.
Still a problem with a few text field and some music players, like soundcloud. HTC desire
opera mini compresses the web pages nearly by 90%!...that's why it is always the best where only low data transmission is available...no comparison...
Very nice but regular sites always load zoomed in. Would like to set default zoom to page width. Any chance of this?
The new version seems to have lost the smooth scrolling of the beta release. A little disappointed.
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
About to give 5 stars but there isn't any option allowing disable gesture or zooming tab. Consider abt it. 3 stars. Wildfire 2.2 froyo
I do not like the swipe keyboard, I have to change it back to my android keyboard and it doesnt let me, helppppp
This is a great browser except for one major annoyance;( it keeps opening new tabs everytime I launch it. Anyone having similar issues? Motodroid.
Amazingly faster than HD. Nice UI. Only dislike is two clicks to exit, then clear cache/history. Small price to pay for the speed!
HTC Desire. Back to Dolphin HD. Mini is faster and leaner (memory). But do miss HD's full screen mode with auto hiding bars; especially in landscape.
It's good n lite... but seems not as fast as HD... would be great if support word re-flow. Thanx.
Galaxy tab 6800
Being able to long click on a link and open new tab no longer works in newest version.  Please add opt-in to enable again.  Using Maxthon in the meantime.
Thanks for making no progress with galaxy problems. Uninstalling.
Links only worked half the time. Pages would load about 1/2 & the freeze.  Uninstalling
The only way I've been able to copy paste has been with keyboard controls I was forced to install due to dolphin crashing each and every time I tried.   Most government and retail sites do not support this browser.  I guess if you were computer illiterate and did not plan on using the browser for practical application, it would be a decent browser.
Uses way too much memory  200 megs at one point. Uninstall
Edit: 5 months later the app still hasn't been fixed or even updated. I'm further reducing my rating from 3 to 1 now.   Slide typing doesn'twork in the url bar anymore. Long click to open a menu is broken too which means you cant open in a new tab. C&p crashes the app. And the biggest bug of all, it randomly jams the connection until you close and reopen the app. What happened to this app? Prior to this it was the best mobile browser.
Freezing, lagging, taking up too much memory, and it made phone overheat anytime I browsed the web.
For some reason I can no longer post replies on Facebook. Deletes.
Please update. Crashes many times. I don't understand the high rating.
Bookmark management is garbage... I lost all my bookmarks... Ill stick with old reliable Firefox. Atleast it works.
guys its not working  fastly via wifi connection
Tapping on images on Google doesn't work. Sometimes freezes up since last update.
Don't use - numerous bugs, no longer maintained, HD is better. "Fatal error: Theme CSS could not load"; all tabs reloading when switch to another app & back; closed tabs regularly reopen after switching away & back (bug since at least May). 'Copy' UI using cursor is clumsy and non standard. Pressing back when on first page of tab history leaves search page still open instead closing tab. After turning off images on 3G connection, no way to override temporarily. Unimpressed. Gingerbread on Galaxy Plus.
Loved Dolphin on my previous two Android phones. Quickly freezes up on the new Galaxy S3. Have uninstalled & reinstalled five times over three weeks, and it's always the same.
When I close the browser and reopen my gmail account open I havnet set it as a homepage.
This was a horrible addition! Went from 5 stars to 1 after this change. I'm constantly opening the sidebar accidentally when stopping left on a page
I turned off the prompt setting for clearing cache and history but it keepsasking me why??? Very annoying.
Was great till few weeks ago now it keeps force closing so I'm uninstalling it.
Typing in landscape mode is very difficult.. Keypad goes all the way up and there's no way for me to see what i type. Also, gesture and back button is on an awkward position
Crazy! This is so slow on Galaxy S, weird. Takes ages to load up, and to load pages, much slower than stock browser. I don't understand 7
Very laggy on Android 4.0 ICS. App tends to close by itself, sometimes links wont open, scrolling sometimes not working, and there are moments when I launch app all I get is white screen...   Not recomended for ICS users!
Sometimes it closes by itself without any reason. No last view page..
Sometimes stops responding during loading a page and then wont let you load any new ones or anything else. Crashes too. Poor experience.
pakkach ghochu
Not letting me copy/paste when I'm logged in on Facebook! Its absolutely fine copying pasting when I log out of Facebook.
This application must update at least when i use it for a how many hour it start to get unresponsive to get it back to its responsiveness i need to restart the application
The best mobile browser there is but please update to so it can be compatible with Ice Cream Sandwich!
The default browser was WAY better this heres complete bullshit! If not inproved I will chande to boat or opera they seem WAY better so work harder!!
Fckin slow and sucks
I used to like this browser but now it opens 12 tabs when it srarts and slows my phone right down. It is so slow! There are no settings to fix this!
Constantly crashes, cannot 'go back' (unless you rapidly tap the back button and then go back to many pages), cannot select text...not a great browser. There are better out there.
why is there so much praise for this browser???  clicking on links doesn't work half the time. sometimes when launching it, all i get is a white screen. The only way to get it to work again is to go into phone’s settings -> apps-> dolphin browser clearing cache and then force stopping it. using it on ICS and hate it. using opera now and much happier with it.
Too slow,Can't understand voice recognition. uninstalled!
loyal Dolphin user for 3yrs... uninstalling for now, its become unusable(4me) after ics update. today i tried using the stock browser &in my opinion it isnt any better in fact it may be worse... dont app tech people get a heads up on system updates prior to it release????
Crashes far too often
But Facebook is not working properly.
Was my absolute favorite browser until the ICS came along. Now it constantly hangs up when loading pages and crashes every time I try to cut and paste. Epic frustration. :-(
Well it literaly sucks. Slower than any other browser. Just pressd the uninstall button!!
Goes though the initial setup process every time the browser is launched, which makes it unusable.
Lg optimus m+ cannot click on links
was using it for the tabs. then noticed the stock android browser is actually faster
Uc is the best
Everytime on app exit. Uninstalled.
Don't install if u r using 2g services...very slow on 2g network
I can't for the life of me  understand why this crashing bloated piece of sh--t browser is rated highly.
I can't for the life of me  understand why this crashing bloated piece of sh--t browser is rated highly.
In itself, It's a good browser. I noticed that it uses a lot more data *by far* than Opera.  Not a bad choice if you only access the internet via wifi or if you have an unlimited data plan.
I don't usually write reviews, but this app puts ads in your status bar and random icons on your homescreen. Wtf is powwow?!
It was all good until both of browsers started crashing nonstop
Gave it 5 stars before and was only browser I use. But ever since upgrading yo ICS its been crashing all the time! I can't even copy text from a web site as it keeps crashing. Really disappointed. Needs an upgrade asap!
The app sucks since the update ! When I click the bookmarks icon it crashes . Without my bookmarks sucks big time. The past update messed up the app in many ways. I plan on deleting the app if a fix isn't created soon. I wish I could just remove the update.
Fake, can not download video, speed slower than opera and dolphin, should be uninstall !
After updating to ICS the open new tab option seems to be lost or not working. Anyone here noticed this?
Used to be very good. But after updating to ics, it keeps exiting in the middle of browsing. Both my sensation xl and friend's one x facing same problem.
Until you actually get down to using it daily.  Unless I've missed something, you can't: Set a homepage, sort bookmarks or have them as thumbnails, turn off intelligent keys (have to wait for them to hide in order to open links at bottom of page).  Other issues: Doesn't recognize links - have to do a long press & select 'open'. Copy text rarely works - crashes the browser. Auto-populates with web addresses when trying to search. Kills battery.  Only good things are multiple tabs & gestures.  Uninstalling.
Opera mini is my fallback sad but developers need to fix it!
Nice....
Uninstalling. Keeps forceclosing.
Just like HD it closes abruptly
I m joking it should have only 0 stars
slow way too slow used to be better
:)
EVERYBODY!
RATE 1 STAR FOR THIS NICE BROWSER! IT ROCKS!
BUT DOLPHIN BROWSER HD IS BETTER THAN THIS.
HD VER. SHOULD HAVE ALL FEATURES FROM THIS TOO.
Sincoock v25642n
Browsing Bekar
Its better than dolphin browser
It's keep heavier after each update
I love this browser BUT on my new nexus with ICS it won't sync with Google bookmarks!  It is sooooo frustrating. I want my bookmarks! Also lately it goes to load the page and just shows a white screen...have to force close.  Also FC for other things too.  Lastly I press on links and nothing happens...have to long press and pick "open in new window"  .at point where looking to try a new browser!  So sad.....
Worked well until the OS upgrade then slowed to a miserable crawl.
excelent but doesnt deserve more than this
This sucks as bad as i hate it because it is faster but opera lets me at least download the pdfs so I can see.my check stub
I loved it and had it for several months, then all of a sudden 5-6 weeks ago out forced closed. I have not been able to use it again. It will not open. The main problem now is I cannot get to my bookmarks. I even tried to install Dolphin HD and transfer the bookmarks, the HD couldn't access the mini either. I am switching to a non-Dolphin program.
I love dolphin hd, so  I gave mini a try. let me  say mini is slow to load pages the extra space you get for going with the mini is not worth the performance down grade.
Unusable at the moment as links randomly don't want to open.
Bad upgrade! Ever since upgrading to 2.3, dolphin failed to browse any webpage every time I finished using GAE proxy. I have to reinstall dolphin mini go order to browse again with it. Dolphin HD doesn't have that problem.
Owned by Google. would be a great tshirt "pwnd by google" Very buggy freezes websites when surfing via cell towers in the UK that are 3G with very strong signal.  HD as well. Opera Mini loads in 3seconds.
From last 4 days I am using this browser.  It is eating all the ram then automatically closing. Horrible browser Galaxy 3
Uses so much memory my phone crashes
i deleted the old version..got this one and it sucks..get the old one bak please
Crash too many times.... Peace of shi......
I find this extremely frustrating. I type a search in Google and it links me to a previously used link ALL THE TIME. I am unistalling.
Fix the stupid pop up of random web sites opening while trying to search
LG G2x. Will open multiples of the same tab and freeze your phone. A nuisance.
the most annoying browser,keeps deleting my tabs and never restores and this still hasnt been fixed by dolphin after more than a year
It used to be good but now it just freezes my phone and I have to restart
Supposedly dolphin HD isn't supported but I've been using it for months and now I can't update and your bookmarks tool doesn't work for dolphin mini so I can't do anything with your browser. Gj dumask
It crashes only when i try to copy and paste a text. LG Optimus 2X running ICS 4.0.4
Smooth browser
They have changed the facebook layout can't chat now.
Nice
I love the gesturing. Very innovative
crap like my sh**
bad aplication...crashes after 1 minuite...tried so many times....same results in any web site...realy bad application
It can start at boot, record audio, transmit sensitive logs, track your location, and kill/remove other apps. Not a wise thing to install.
I always get an error saying "Login Failed" when I try to sync with Google Bookmarks. Epic failure! I'm sticking with Opera until Dolphin can fix their bookmarks sync issue....
Never exits out of it. Must restart phone.
... dolphin browser is the best browser of all time. But. The missing part is... you can't sync with desktop browser (chrome or Firefox) so the awareness is depassed by those missing features. Chrome uses the google account so it is not impossible to do it...  I give one star not because I don't like dolphin, but because so much talent is wasted for now. If you want us turn limit to our phone, great. If you know what is interconnnectivity, now you are talking.
Crashes a lot.
Slow to load if at all.
Wtf..... it was good for a long time and now it crashes like hell.  Something is terribly wrong with this app. Pls fix this soon.
Insists I'm tethering and won't work... I'm not tethering btw!
Needs the ability to resize the window, and pop out tabs. My goal is to watch anime in one window while I search the net with the other.
crap
Was excellent till I upgraded to ICS on Samsung galaxy s2 now crashes every time I try to select text
It keeps crashing, even when I open common websites like Google. When it asks to restore pages, it crashes too.
I just love it my browser before was always kicking me offline so this one is awesome.
This is bad app. It changes dwnld directory and is slow even on HSDPA or WiFi. It shuts the dwnld as you shut it. Couldn't even open wikipedia quickly.uninstall:-[ I wish we could rate it negitively.
Annoying. Letterbox controls bad, exits typing mode and wont reopen. The "previous page" navigators are stupidly positioned over the letterbox.
It shouldn't even get 1 star, because when i open it, it lasts for about 1 minute and then closes
Hey, a fantastic app that looks great and is fast. The only issue I can see at the moment is when I use the back button to close I get the confirm to exit, even changed setting and still can't. Please fix.
Repeatedly when I try to select text
Feels and looks good, except this is very unstable. Lots and lots of force closes. Asus Transformer. Does not download pdf`s and jpg`s. No support or updates for tablet version.
Even with one or two tabs open out takes 5-10 MINUTES to fully load something like CNN, whereas Opera only takes few seconds.
only one thing dont like: speeddial has limited ammount of bookmarks
Been crashing a lot lately
It really sucked!!! Closed everytime when opened more than two tabs
When doing selection, copy/paste on xperia arc !
opens the facebook app inside the browser instead of the supposed mobile site!! FAIL!! UNINSTALLING!!
This mini version is slow in loading, don't have option to add save pdf and it allows pop up windows..it sucks.. I'm getting back the hd version which is way better..
Often the browser loads for like 70% then stops loading. Happens to all the pages if open more than 1tab.
Won't even open force closes right away....X10a 2.3
sending data back to (their) servers when app being open or close.
Won't open links. I want to use this browser, but can't. Update!
Not as fast as opera mini, pages load too slow, I,ve gone back to opera.
Forced close all the time when i try to pinch-zoom. SGX2
Pls remove heading"SpeedDial"&allow some more space for more actualSpeedDials.Also it needs to consume less space,sys memory.Thks.
Still doesn't work properly on ics. Uninstalling, please fix.
Takes too much time to open a page ......opera mini is better for slow connections....galaxy s
opera mini is very good
On my nexus s w ICS 4.0. Only need one website for work and this not getting me there. Asked 6 times if wanted to use dolphin or stock browser.
:-(
Should have known this was too good to be true. My URL history is none of your business for ANY reason. Uninstalling.
Loved this browser on my HTC desire but the links don't work with single press on my new galaxy nexus. Have to long press and select from menu
No updates?Is this app abandoned?
Excellent!
Uses too much cpu power and lags my phone.fix please. Galaxy s
This Is Getting Me Bored Already, Too Plain & Simple For Me Now, iMa Uninstall & Try Somethinq Else & Btw iHate Dolphin HD,iPrefer This One, TillThen
It used to be fine but the past few months i keep getting update your browser and adobe etc etc information come up. It never used to.
If you want a fully functional brwser. Get "Sleipnir" browser it is the best period. Tried all of them.
Technically ok, but the shady business practices of the company does not make it acceptable solution for me anymore. See the article on Arstechnica.
Whatever I type in Google search doesn't return any results. Default browser is fine. 5 stars again when fixed.
Better than the galaxy i tab browser bcos it has an exit and its clean and tidy
Just found out dolphin is sending all url's and http visited sites to a server in china.
Developers of this app recently got caught sending website address that you visit to their servers. No excuse for this. Avoid every app by this dev.
You censured me in your blog. You stole our private data and got caught.No appolgies in change log-just phony ratings&damage control.NEVER TRUST THEM!
I've used dolphin for a long time, however I will never use this product or any product created by these developers again.
Not happy with spying, uninstall
App sends all urls entered to their severs. Completely unacceptable... Uninstalling now.
Privacy concerns. Saves browsing history to external servers. This history cannot be deleted by user.
sync with google bookmark doesnt work
Even with WiFi it's still terribly slow! I'm so sad without it. I used 2 Love it. Can any1 suggest a new browser? My stocks not much better
I've used Dolphin >2 years and the latest version's incompetent gesture and tab handling makes me sadly forced to uninstall and evaluate Opera/default
It constantly closes when I try to copy text and it gets very annoying... it used to be good, now its horrible.
appears to be crashing with FB or maybe just fc in general huawei m860 ascend
This browser keeps crashing/shutting down on me. I will look for another browser.
Doesn't let me download JavaScript either on cricket zio slower browser than the one on the phone
I hate it, it force closes all the time and its so unbearably slow, its painful But the other browsers are even crappier, so what am I supposed to do?
LOVE the simplicity compared to HD yet all the important features are there, but 37 sec load time on a page compared to 16 sec on HD!?! No thank you!
for me. Just like the default browser.
My favorite mobile browser has become slow, unreponsive and ineffective with this latest upgrade. (Original Milestone).
The best browser is this browser , keep up the good work dev team
Fix the bugs before I will dowload
keeps on crashing on desktop mode .grrr... don't instal.
keeps on crashing on desktop mode .grrr... don't instal.
No option to set Google as homepage. Not enough control, going back to full version
Fails to allow downloading of word documents. Doesn't always scroll properly. Uninstalling.
Updates making it better and better- OG droid
Stops loading pages when on wi-fi..Samsung Intercept
I have been using DBHd on my tbolt and thought I'd try out mini. I really think I like it more. Super light, fast, responsive ... Just give it a try.
Runs two to three times slower than my stock browser. Pretty interface, but useless since it loads at the speed of slow. Galaxy S Captivate. Uninstall
Happy wit dis app
Happy wit dis app
It was perfect before the update. Now it stops loading pages and I have to restart my phone. Desktop site for facebook doesn't work. So much slower.
It is totally defective cos just after I install it my milestone was out of order
This was a really great app till latest update. .won't complete pages, partialpages freeze & wont close, need to force close app. Samsung galaxy tab
Best browser out there, works perfect on my rooted evo.
Sucks. Only cool feature is screen brightness adjustment. Oh and it has annoying adds. Cant save pages
Its very slow on gprs connection. Not even closer to opera. UI is cool though
Even if I overclock fully it's not nearly as fast as opera mini when underclocked
Even if I overclock fully it's not nearly as fast as opera mini when underclocked
This app just randomly stopped working. The screen went black!! Uninstalled plz fix Myt4g
This is the best, hands down. Far cleaner and less clunky than HD. Simple, fast and easy to use. The best browser out there.
Force closes when I try to open settings.
Liked it but I wish the themes and widgets worked with it! How come its larger than hd?
A rock solid, stable performer, but lacks speed. Does it all well, but slower than it was 8 months ago.
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Having problems with my keyboard loading on Facebook and other problems when I'm on FB. Please fix. Original Evo 2.3
Excellent Browser. I reccomend that you downoad the mini and the regular dolphin browser...both are good but jury is out on which is superior.
Way way to slow. Need to give an option for quality of images etc to download.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Have finally had to remove it. Started out almost perfect but updates causing frequent crashes. Back to default browser. (Samsung Galaxy Tab)
Wtf! In private browsing it still remembers my history and keeps me logged into yelp and facebook.
Watch dog doesn't like this app, alerts me even when I'm not using it - Samsung Galaxy S | Froyo v2.2 | Not much better than the stock browser.
Nice browser but it needs to have a feature that allows you to block or allow pop ups.
Very good but with many bugs. V. often you need to restart the browser in order to load pages. Pinch zoom does not always auto adjust screen size.
If It's speed you are after, then don't download this, terrible. Opera mini beats this for speed hands down. Uninstalling
The title says it all. Other browsers may have some cool features, but they also all have glaring faults; Dolphin Mini has none. I used to use Dolphin HD, but it is bloated and rather slow on my phone (DX w/ Froyo). Regular Dolphin had UI issues, Xscope had issues with the taskbar popping in and out when I scrolled. Firefox was just a load. But Dolphin Mini? It's light, it's slick, it's not annoying, and it works great! @Michael - Odd; I watch videos in Dolphin Mini all the time.
Great browser!! Have not had a issue with it yet....quick with the load time too!! Totally recommend!
After using it for 2 works, I've gone back to default browser. It takes forever to load pages, even if its just one tab.
Screen orientation can't be locked. It always go back to "auto" after you kill the app. Galaxy mini
Absolutly love it. I should have downloaded this months ago. Dont mind the colors at all, keep it simple and fast!
App would be a lot better if the thing would quit making me refresh just to click a link. It just highlights but won't go. Have to refresh to click!!!
EVERYTHING takes forever to load, and never finishes doing so! Dolphin HD is SO much better, but takes up too much space, so I'm forced to use this.
EVERYTHING takes forever to load, and never finishes doing so! Dolphin HD is SO much better, but takes up too much space, so I'm forced to use this.
Started offering to install some crap on every start. Problem gone after 3 reinstalls. Great browser but removal will be final if this happens again
I just started with this so will see how it go. 5 start for now thanks for all the help. Evo
Clean,light,airy, superior to fussy thick heavy,feel like i'm swimming in treacle dolphin HD.
Used to be slim and simple. Too much garbage and no options to turn all the crap off.
Used to be slim and simple. Too much garbage and no options to turn all the crap off.
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
Still confirm upon exit, otherwise have unchecked on setting. Have no choice to hide status bar in not full screen mode. Uninstalled. Sgalaxy 5
It was good til this latest update. Almost impossible to type inside text boxes. I'm deleting it now after 4 months of loving it. Evo 4g
It was good til this latest update. Almost impossible to type inside text boxes. I'm deleting it now after 4 months of loving it. Evo 4g
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
OMFG! COULD THIS LOAD PAGES ANY SLOWER ON WIFI EVEN? UNINSTALL!! NICE UI THO. DX 2.3.340
Liking the low memory footprint; helps being able to set cache to SD card. Feels fast even compared with Opera (mobile) especially on tab switching. Only browser I have found so far that loads some Flash-based parnoramic photos (even though Android 2.1+HTC only has Flash-lite). Full screen option - great - UI only appears as needed and overlays without slow animation effects. Gestures - still getting used to, might try some custom ones. Will be trying HD version too. I give few 5-stars but it's worth it.
I used to love previous versions. But now it doesnt work. I doesnt load https (note the 's') pages. Please fix. Previosuly I'd say it was best browser
It always ask me to agree the eula everytime i restart it. Some file seem to fail to create.
Since the last update. Its really slow. What a let down. UNInstalled and private browsing does not work.
it reloads all my tabs whenever I switch back to it from G mail, so after a couple times I end up with a dozen of the same tabs. Galaxy s.
Was the best, but after long using, it became slow, very slow. Always stop to load the page when it's 10%. I tried to reinstall, clear cache, etc. SGS
I have used Dolphin Browser Mini for a while now, before it suddenly malfunctioned and now forces me through the startup wizard everytime I launch it.
Not bad. Full screen was useful. The app does not show up on the Active Application widget (number is one digit higher, but no name... Galaxy S).
Best for my Galaxy S Vibrant. It has features I like from Opera Mini and resident browser. Have wanted a print screen feature, and it has one.
Really fed up with how if you follow a link from twitter or email it opens a half dozen tabs or more that you keep closing.
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Miren just added cache to sd. No longer do i have to use this dolphin junk
The update made this browser super slow... takes forever to load even on full bars of wifi. Need to fix this now!
After the last updates it has been significantly slower. It stalls while loading quite often even my wifi connection is good.
Mtv shows still won't work and neither does south park studios. Thats the only reason why I dl.this app and it doesn't work!
Slowed down my HTC desire noticeably and couldn't use Astrid task manager. Uninstalled and phone was back to normal.
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Prefer this to the stock browser and well worth a download! Maybe the Speed Dial could do with a rework to make it more pleasing to the eye?
there its an extremely annoying issue in which any search box won't work, including google.. so frustrating I'm uninstalling. :/
Outstanding optional browser when you dont want a over loaded with features and settings. 5 stars
Latest patch broke "clear history" on exiting. It also starts at random pages I've visited. Pages I do NOT want to show.
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
Unstable, crashes constantly on HTC Legend with only two tabs open. Otherwise, nice interface. Unfortunate.
Sucks. I have HTC my touch 4g and android sucks. Way too many lose ends and problems. I am very tech Savy. Horrid system. Battery life sucks. Smashed
Really liked the app...but totally crashed my phone...wouldn't even boot up correctly! Samsung intercept
Make easy option to go to full web page and then five stars. Also need to be able to specify where your downloads go...
Make easy option to go to full web page and then five stars. Also need to be able to specify where your downloads go...
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
Best browser for Android handsdown! A big thanks to the devs for keeping this free!
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
What's the point?, just get dolphin hd, this mini has the address bar "stuck" on the screen taking up valuable screen real estate. Uninstalled
What's the point?, just get dolphin hd, this mini has the address bar "stuck" on the screen taking up valuable screen real estate. Uninstalled
Just an update or two away from perfection. No more options/settings. Just tweak the speed/efficiency.
Great browser, but please add option to turn off exit window thingy when backing out.
I like it. But the exit prompt is an annoying extra step when wanting to go back to original app (twitter, news)
Way better than skyfire. Love that it has an exit button and the options to clear cache and sd card without having to dig for them. Great app.
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
Painfully slow compared to built-in browser & unresponsive to scroll requests on my Samsung Galaxy S
Dont want to start any url.no errors no signal of malfunction .btw i have an wildfire
This is great on my Droid. Had HD, and switched to this to save some space, and it's great! Have HD on my Galaxy Tab now. Keep up the good work!
The only thing I dislike are the redundant controls & different menus scattered everywhere.
Very good best of the dolphin browsers still deciding between this and xscope6 on my droid x xscope might be a little faster though...
Not that quick when loading pages & always reloads entire page when going back, xscope much better & faster
No text selection or else well hidden multitouch is patchy have to pinch 10 times for zoom to work
No text selection or else well hidden multitouch is patchy have to pinch 10 times for zoom to work
Wow this makes HD seem like it's 56k dial up. The only thing missing is the toolbar option from HD, like brightness adjustment.
Slower than dolphin hd and opera mini. Hate the fact that loads a new page zoomed in on a corner instead of letting me choose where i want to zoom in!
FAIL. OPERA Mini is so much faster, ill stick with miren browser. Looks a lot better as well. Htc incredible
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
So I decided to try it out. Can't seem to load /. and crashes everytime. Not a good first impression. I guess I'll pass.. (moto droid)
Super fast. Like it a lot, but sticking with HD until this is out of beta.
Plz help it automatically gets uninstalled. Plz help!!! Otherwise its gud!!!
Certain sites don't function properly.and I know they do on the regular Android browser
The screen auto scrolls when typing. Also, Swype no longer works when using fields on fb. Even Google keys don't work. Its still ok for surfing, loads qyickly but doesn't download the vid but only. Downloads pics I just want to see in a separate tab. The gesture thing is ok but I never use it. Fix the text entry problems and you got a better browser than Google. As is, get Opera instead. Using LG Optima V
1-It seems to remember the first webpage I open when I launch. When I open a link through email or open the app, it often launches a new tab with this first page, clogging with too many tabs and slowing down. 2-Hate the default pdf handling.
Awesome browser, but it dosen't work properly on CM9. Same problems as on the CM9 for SGS1.  Sometimes it dosen't open tabs whan clicking on links, and I can't select text - the browser just closes...
Ever since I updated to ICS, this app has had several problems loading pages. Progress bar goes to 50% and stays. Tried reinstalling, no luck.
Mini has same bugs as hd. And since I'm using large screen android device pure white theme colouring really drains my battery
Tapping on images doesnt work
Half of my browsing time is spent opening links by holding them down because normal presses don't work. New tabs also frequently fail to load.
The only reason I want a browser aside from my stock is to be able to download links that are connected to images and this does not. Uninstalling.
I love this browser but iy keeps force closing ! :(
Browser was slow, links did not always load, and sometimes it would take me to the page adjacent to the one selected when clicking on buttons while navigating a menu based site. Drop down menus did not function on most sites either.
This is the best browser I've tried, but constant freezing, crashing since upgrade... Also I've noticed when clicking links sometimes it doesn't respond... Makes no attempt to go to link
Links aren't always opened, sometimes there is no option to open. Open in new tab works randomly. Crashes and loses all my opened tabs. Not better than OEM on my Galaxy Tab.
Tabs that won't go away, unclickable links, strange page formatting. Just too many weird problems for me to keep using this browser.
Not good
Seems ok but there's obviously a bug in the software that prevents it from syncing with google bookmarks. These days syncing browsers is standard, I've deleted the app on this basis.
Used to use dolphin years back and loved it. Now I'm running mini on my Optimus Slider and it randomly crashes when opening web pages or pressing the vol. rocker to scroll. This is my 2nd phone and same issues. Sometimes it will give you the option to restore your tabs but frequently does not. Uninstalling.
Then I'm told to close tabs for performance reasons. I'm bloody trying!
The browser's gettin irritating by the minute, pls fix the bugs, facebook nt loadin properly, pages are missing, gets stuck at sm pages n when try to go back it dsnt load. Pls fix'em.
so little information about mini version. is there like in opera mini data usage reduced?
Freezes every Time I try to copy text on Galaxy S3
Force closes when I try to select text from a Google search.  Definitely not the same experience from my past usage of mini.
Zeszewqg.  Vgy.vgmvkt
stop wth tha ads in my notification bar plz!.ive had ths browser ever since droid came out nd it was thee absolute best but nowadayz wth tha "+" nd "*" sign STILL consistantly in my notificationz yu lose 3 starz now!.find other ways to advertise devs!.
I really didn't appreciate the fact that this app left behind an 8 MB subdirectory on my sd card after uninstalling. :-(
Used to be great, after ICS update it's just awful.
Worked awesome until I downloaded the official ICS update. Now it force closes on first try every time I try to open it. Once I finally get it open, it force closes every time I try to select text. Samsung Epic Touch.
Why when i press the android back button, it does not close the tab and go to previous tab, but merely close webpage and shows shortcuts...unlike in HD...pls fix
I can't use certain things on my keyboard, fix this and you may have 4 stars.
Frequently stops working and pages do not load until app is quit and restarted. Copy/paste is buggered on ics. And saved user names and passwords are sometimes repeated for wrong sites ( eg one user name and password pair appears on the wrong site repeatedly). Links frequently don't respond when clicked
Going to the HD version,  this one sucks a lot
Needs updated for jelly bean
Overall, kinda' cool. It randomly crashes, frequently from trying to do something as like copying text. I'm going to keep it for a bit and update as I use it. My stock browser has yet to crash on me.
Very buggy and ctashes too much
Not downloading
We never think to open it More
Worked fine on gingerbread, but all searches are now hanging at 50% for me on ics.
Don't waste your time downloading the mini and just go for the full browser.
When I close the tabs, they re-open the next time I open the browser. Annoying. Never closes so I will always have a ton of duplicate tabs open.
It's nice but has no recent updates from DEV unlike Dolphin Browser® HD.
Its been my fav for a long time but barely works since i updated to ics. Please make it great again!
Freezes up a lot on my new galaxy s3. Never had a problem with my epic 4g
GREAT apps
can’t select text to copy and paste.  UI
It's always reopening the old pages that I have closed even after I erase my web history
It crashes every time I try to select text.  Sometimes I'll click on a link and it doesn't do anything
doesnt compress data, will stick to opera
There is a major glitch that bothers me. The app remembers and reopens the pages I had opened the last one to three previous times I used it. Sounds fine except the fact I close everything when I'm done with it and it still reopens them. Sometimes it reopens pages multiple times. The ability to remember the pages I left open is great but as for the pages I close, they should stay closed.
I found a better one, UCBrowser!
If i close the browser while downloading, the download fails. Doesn't happen in stock browser.
Keeps force closing on Samsung galaxy prevail please fix.
i downloaded this thinking it lk reduce my ram usave as it is a stripped down version bt though interfazce is poorer than HD no improvement in ram consumption...uninstalling :-(
Why cant copy paste text from web, and always force close if i copy text text. Please fixing on Xperia Ray ICS 4.0.4
Best browser so far.. till: no fix for ICS copy & paste :(
This has become rather buggy lately.
Would give it 5 star however when I hit the back button it skips pages and goes way back. I thought I was doing something wrong at first.
Like others, the recent update made mine garbage and has me resorting to using the stock browser on  ICS by shostock on my Galaxy SII. Browser freezes, many pages simply don't load and zoom feature is the worst I've used.
Having typing problems, loading problems, opening page problems. Nothing is really working correctly. So sad because it used to be very good.
slow way too slow used to be better
Browser with good features but a battery guzzler...  Lost 20% of my battery within 25 mins of usage
Opera runs faster than dolphin.. Uninstalled
Changed the home page of the default browser to google. I reset it. Powered  the phone on & off. Default browser home page is still wrong. Uninstalling dolphin.
Can't seem to find how to set a page as the homepage - or even how to START ON a homepage, instead of some crappy "speed-dial" page - also cannot change the search engine from the entire world's supreme overlord-Google... Also, orientation lock keeps resetting EVERY TIME I open it-this is THE MOST ANNOYING BUG EVER!
Worst browser i have tried. The page scroll is too fast and uncontrollable and the cut and paste function freezes the phone. Installed!
But worst functionality. Slow page load, not navigable, can not zoom in/out so i see only 50% of the page. I like navigation buttons on bottom. Keeps reopening pages i closed last time i opened the app.
pls fix... samsung galaxy s2, ics 4.0.3
Well it used to work ok, it now randomly stops loading pages half way and regularly doesn't open links. This is a shame as it is superb in every other way.
Strangely, it's slower, buggier,and more resource hungry than its big brother.  Many links don't open (have to long press and then 'open') and won't allow going straight to google home page.
...now I'll try the bigger one.
Select text crashes DBrowser mini. Open in background not opening new tab on first use. Long press links for open in bkgnd very tricky often not working. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7in.
It is very good browser. It works well on Froyo and Android 3.2. However it may drain  my battery on custom ICS rom. ( ics passion)
Copy and paste crashes. Crashed on select text. ICS on galaxy s 2
Slow loading and scrolling.
Cant download or preview pdf, doc and other similiar files ! So please fix it
Used to be very good. Recent update has made it very difficult to type. It keeps deleting words that I type that aren't saved in my dictionary. Also, links are not opening, have to hold down and select "open in new tab"
Crashes on galaxy s2 when trying to select/copy Text.. please fix.
Nice design and ideas but really really slow on wildfire!
The user interface and usability are very good. But for some reason, just to have it installed the mobile consumes lots of battery. I had to uninstall it.
Great, except sometimes links aren't clickable.
Two stars deducted. Lg 2x
SLOW
Rather speedy browser, has many of the features of Dolphin HD; although it lacks Dolphin Sync and can't recognise backed up bookmarks from Dolphin.
New tabs only loading halfway, if I hit refresh they then load Only had this issue since upgrade to ICS
helpful
On GS2 ics. Crashes when ever you try copy or menu options. Please fix. Gone back to the full version that works but slower than the mini.
Waste!!
Give beytter updates
Lot of minor bugs...plz UPDATE!  They've stopped updating and supporting Dolphin Mini.  Any feedback emailed to them about bugs is ignored.
Very buggy on 4.0.3 xxlpq. Galaxy sII
Not the best.
Links in facebook wouldn't redirect.. And some webpages didn't work.
Improving but takes up alot of memory to run, shouldn't take much as compared to being mini browser. . . Galaxy tab
Minimize force close..
Needs improvements and one of those improvements should be a purple theme: )
I loved mini until Honeycomb & Ice Cream Sandwich.  Now hangs indefinitely when opening 2 or more tabs.
Why is it that when I'm in the middle of browsing for images (ex: page 4) then I tap the back button on my phone, it leads me directly back to the google search page?? I have to open other apps such as DroidIris to view google images. Such a hassle. :/
Confirm upon exit does not work. Otherwise the browser is good.
Tried mini but pages load slow. Dolphin HD version faster.
Doesn't load pictures?
Cannot open links in google search result..  Galasy s
The update is terrible because I lost all my bookmarks
Crashing on my galaxy nexus when I try to select text.
with google. says login is wrong. reloads constantly! reloads every.single.time I leave to do something else on the phone.
No option to control how tabs are opened from bookmarks. I end up with a lot of tabs which all reloads when application comes to foreground (why).
Just updated the best browser on Market, or so I thought. Opened after update, behaved like a new install. ALL my bookmarks, and other personalizations are gone. Wt...?! What am I supposed to do now?!  Now way to recover this info. Very disappointed in a browser I loved for almost a year. Yes, a year's worth of bookmarks etc. gone! What was once a solid 5, is now a 2, sorry.
Way too many bugs that have not been fixed for ages. Back to the stock browser...
I've tried a lot of browsers and keep coming back to this. It's truly a straight to the point browser without the bloated features. Features are quick and easy to access.
Half the time it says access denied when I try to load a page, but other browser loads it. Also, most of the time I can't open Google search results.
Can't set home page w.o using speed dial. Sign in google to sync bookmark failed. No sorting or sync bookmark label. pls help ty
Gesture options is awesome
Might be OK on better hardware; but on Samsung Intercept it constantly freezes, crashes, bogs down, or hangs on launch.  HD version is worse.
It is not working,it is showing passwords while logging in.
Latest version runs slower than built in browser. Goes dead to touch often. Zoom could be a lot better. Android 2.1.
Was working fine before. Now gmail page does not show up properly. Just a white blank page. Even after uninstalling apps.
better than dolphin HD, no annoying side bar to get in the way of scrolling sideways and much faster loading
Looks gorgeous... but still a memory hog, and often unresponsive. The search continues..
Whatever I type in Google search doesn't return any results. Default browser is fine. 5 stars again when fixed.
slow even if flash is turned off (more slow even than the default webkit), text selection is a pain, no separate search option other than the default anroird browser menu for selected text. other features advertised (hiding the faults) works very very well though.
good browser. runs faster than the hd version. great on galaxy s2
Used to be the best browser, much better than the stock or Opera Mini. But after the recent updates, has started crashing every so often. And with the privacy issues of sending URLs back to the "mothership", am getting rid of it.
It keeps closing and signing me out of facebook its fast though
Its little things that don't work like they used to. Like going back to last web page used is one example
Works great. Sites load quickly. Would like to see an option to change the color.
Slow rendering and loops reloading the same page again and again. Very sensitive. Scrolling can cause links to be clicked. Uninstall.
Slow, clunky, and all around annoying piece of crap just like the HD version..doesn't function with proper speed and fluidity
Keeps opening closed tabs until you quit and clear memory. I've seen it open the same website in background tabs. Also seems top soak up ram.
It is light and very fast on my Samsung Gravity Smart. My browser of choice.
This browser is everything a mobile browser needs to be, and nothing it doesn't. Vastly preferable to the stock browser included on my phone.
Used to be d best browser..now it just crashes fter vibrating twice..
My favorite mobile browser has become slow, unreponsive and ineffective with this latest upgrade. (Original Milestone).
Tab switching is superb. Very fast compared to all other browsers on my g2. Wish it had imported my book marks. Amount of Pop up ads are terrible
Fix the bugs before I will dowload
So not worth the smaller size. Never loads pages and crashes all the time.
Updates making it better and better- OG droid
Runs two to three times slower than my stock browser. Pretty interface, but useless since it loads at the speed of slow. Galaxy S Captivate. Uninstall
This was a really great app till latest update. .won't complete pages, partialpages freeze & wont close, need to force close app. Samsung galaxy tab
Needs folders for bookmarks. Otherwise great.
Terrible. Stops responding to the network with no warning. Stop button rarely works.Text boxes often crash. Very frustrating. Stick w/ DolphinHD.
Still fC when copying
Randomly exiting all day n froze once...gey
A little faster than factory browser, but won't allow me to set my own homepage.
This browser used to be really fast but now its so slow and takes forever to load. Uninstalling!
focus on this, not on hd!
like pdf viewer feature, i could view pdf, ppt, doc online but not to download firstly. Great job!
Even if I overclock fully it's not nearly as fast as opera mini when underclocked
Sucker App.. No Rendering According To A Particular Device At All !! Loads Desktop View Which Makes Reading Tough..
Liked it but I wish the themes and widgets worked with it! How come its larger than hd?
This is just like Opera.Obviously you people haven't tried SKYFIRE. Try SKYFIRE PEOPLE!!!! FASTER AND IT HAS FLASH BUILT IN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SKYFIRE!
Installed fine, but will not work through the phones WiFi connection, seems to only work through mobile connection.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Great features but now Crashes a lot on my Samsung Galaxy Ace, Devs please fix the bug fast!
If I could enable it to hide the address bar like the stock browser and add a second page of quick links it would be perfect. Props.
If I could enable it to hide the address bar like the stock browser and add a second page of quick links it would be perfect. Props.
If I could enable it to hide the address bar like the stock browser and add a second page of quick links it would be perfect. Props.
good browser...best among all the browsers that hv used.hving some issues with scrolling...couldnt see scrollers inside some webpages
Simply the best browser. It has all the functions i need and pretty fast too
every time you go to a new site it opens a new tab. Also the "speeddial" is very annoying.
Works pretty good and fast. Just seems to kill my battery. Using as default now with launcher7
Doesn't support flext9 keyboard, so despite how good it is, it's unusable with flext9
Really great app, it works great and it has tabs and lot of options! Sometimes it crashes but still very fast.
Like HD version better... mini is slower with less features and not much smaller install file.
Really like tabs, but it keeps reopening tabs I close...where I have multiples. Frustrating!! Seems slow, and needs a way to share pages ASAP. Droid1
Phone keeps restarting during use since install. Uninstalled. Otherwise seems faster than Opera. Liked full screen mode
Screen orientation can't be locked. It always go back to "auto" after you kill the app. Galaxy mini
Absolutly love it. I should have downloaded this months ago. Dont mind the colors at all, keep it simple and fast!
Very fast and intuitive. Simple things like being able to exit from the menu (you'd think this would be obvious) that isn't available in other browsers.
Love everything about it, but I would kill to see a "prevent screen sleep" option as is in Dolphin HD.
Usually love this browser but it crashes consistently when I am on twitter, not sure why but it is annoying. Droid 1
When are you going to fix the glitch that causes the same tab to multiply like rabbits???
Lags a lot and takes longer than stock browser to load pages. Interface and tabs are great but uninstalling. Will try again later (SGS Captivate)
Nice browser but so slow it is unusable, seriously this has to be the slowest browser in existence, phone went to sleep waiting for it to render page.
Fast, powerful, and responsive - but sometimes stops loading all pages until restarted
I was having frequent (2+ times a day) restarts, which have ceased not that I uninstalled from my Motorola Backflip. Hopefully once I get a better phone, this wouldn't really be an issue. The browser also had to be frequently restarted. If I left the browser open and switched back after using other apps, pages would frequently not refresh/load.
Alters ur ability to manage in apps Can't delete data Needs my location Why? UnInstalled
Alters ur ability to manage in apps Can't delete data Needs my location Why? UnInstalled
It was good til this latest update. Almost impossible to type inside text boxes. I'm deleting it now after 4 months of loving it. Evo 4g
Droid x, like it. Default browser faulty so Ive tried a few, this is my fav so far.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
OMFG! COULD THIS LOAD PAGES ANY SLOWER ON WIFI EVEN? UNINSTALL!! NICE UI THO. DX 2.3.340
can't add bookmark shortcut on homescreen but u can with the hd version please fix
Best browser of you want best memory usage and fast response. Beds better handling of Flash for 5 stars
This thing is way too freaking handy to jump out on the net and do some light surfing. Love it and the Dolphin HD. Rooted Droid 1 running at 1.2 gHz
Excellent, super fast compared with Firefox, Opera which I tried earlier.
SWEET!!! SPOILs me, & makes using the Browser, into FUNCTIONAL time!! BRAVO devs! (MoDro)
Keeps resetting itself, freezing, forces close. Has trouble fully loading pages. LG Optimus
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
This one bloody cool... faster.. great ui.. as fast as xscope.. n competition to its Hd version
No find on page support? Otherwise, it's a fine browser. The only reason I want to use this over the stock browser is because of the tabbed browsing.
No find on page support? Otherwise, it's a fine browser. The only reason I want to use this over the stock browser is because of the tabbed browsing.
I keep closing a tab that keeps mysteriously reappearing. Also would be nice if can make selecting text similar to HD. Evo
Enjoying the browser, but wish it wouldn't reopen tabs that have been previously closed upon exiting. Any ideas?
Nice, but I still prefer the default Android browser followed by Opera. Mozilla Firefox is also out for Android now, and I like it better as well.
Wish i could ditch the green ui. Otherwise the best browser ive used. Droid 2
This is the first Android browser which really understands the needs of the small screen. Runs full screen, identifies mobile pages, has built in screen cut, quick dial, gestures, tap to enlarge page and pretty well nothing gets in the way. Most of the time it is fast though it does have a bit of a bottleneck loading the last bit of some pages. The somewhat similar Opera Mini is OK but doesn't manage m pages (mobile sites) nearly as well and really that goes to the heart of the experience.
This is the first Android browser which really understands the needs of the small screen. Runs full screen, identifies mobile pages, has built in screen cut, quick dial, gestures, tap to enlarge page and pretty well nothing gets in the way. Most of the time it is fast though it does have a bit of a bottleneck loading the last bit of some pages. The somewhat similar Opera Mini is OK but doesn't manage m pages (mobile sites) nearly as well and really that goes to the heart of the experience.
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
UI is awesome. Much prefer it over Dolphin HD - and I much prefer that to anything else.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
there its an extremely annoying issue in which any search box won't work, including google.. so frustrating I'm uninstalling. :/
Very smooth and fast,but it's a battery drain.Too bad,because it's a lot better than any other solution also including the stock browser in terms UX.
Good browser but doesn't support flash I don't think as I cannot stream some videos
Unstable, crashes constantly on HTC Legend with only two tabs open. Otherwise, nice interface. Unfortunate.
Unstable, crashes constantly on HTC Legend with only two tabs open. Otherwise, nice interface. Unfortunate.
It is much much slower than opera.which is very pathetic as the speed matters the most in a browser.dolphin really needs to work on this.theme is nice
Has same bugs, closed tabs get reloaded on launch, youtube link problems, resource mgmt, backing out of a tab, define how pages load, etc
To the other commenter.. Xscope is NOT faster! Dolphin hd and mini is the smoothest and fastest zooming too on my Droid X running rubix 1.9.7 rom.
Froz whol fon when tried 2 exit-cudnt even shutdn! Unecesary (incl'd browsr) butons bloc readin-prefer included browser
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
It worked great on my husband's Dell Streak, but it wouldn't load a single page on my Motorola Defy! I even confirmed the stock browser was working.
Looks nice.but slow. Default browser takes 30 seconds, this took 4 whole minutes....
Excellent browser, the best out of opera and stock that I have used, smooth, quick and clean looking.
Slow page loading and very slow scrolling for forums. Factory browser faster for forums. SAMSUNG VIBRANT
Its not fast. Actually stock browser is faster. I tested it. I do like the UI but u can see full page of the website. Can't see how to change it.
Caused a crash on my wildfire just after installation. Had problem with password requiring special characters. The support team replied just once
Nothing special. Opera mini is way faster and stores a cache copy of the webpage you was previously on so going back a page is very quick.
I like this more than hd, but having long press a bookmark and hit open to open the bookmark is really a turn off. Fix that and it's the best browser!
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
Fast, but I didn't see a mobile view option. Both Opera Mini and the stock browser have options to automatically reflow the text to fit in the screen.
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Ok but loads pages kinda slow. Needs to b as fast as the browser that comes with android 2. 3 gingerbread. Froyo Droid Eris
Initially impressed with UI and fast browsing but after couple time, it really slower than built-in browser. 2 star is for the NICE UI and feature.
Nice browser but still needs a lot of work. Drained my battery from 100 to 94 in 2-3 minutes just from running in background.
Just perfect!! Flash support (if your 2.2) super fast and user agent comes in handy! My default browser :)
Pretty good. Nice clean feel and very snappy. Is a HUGE battery hog, even compared to dolphin HD.
It looks pretty good, but for my LG ally it's not loading anything but Google....uninstall
Really great, fast loading & powerful toolbox & small data. Ask for anything more? Oh, no, dolphin mini is enough!
Really great, fast loading & powerful toolbox & small data. Ask for anything more? Oh, no, dolphin mini is enough!
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
Pinch zoom is too buggy. Not better in anyway to stock g2 browser. KT T-uninstall.
This has been happening recently. I don't exactly know when it started. But each time I try opening Facebook mobile on it. It crashes.   Please do fix it.
Good but this one too many force closes.
Always opens PDFs in Google docs, which is troublesome when your PDF is after an automatic redirect.  You can't even download PDFs from Google Docs because it just reopens the same PDF in a new tab.  Long pressing the download link doesn't work.
When I try to select text it stops responding and quits Im using galaxy S3
It is much faster then the full version. However, the web to pdf add on is not being recognised. In addition, is there a shortcut to access add on?
My Htc evo design 4g updates to ics, and now this browser is finicky. It randomly won't open links when I click.
The tabs bar takes up so much space on my phones small screen... I was using dolphin hd before but after an update the address/tabs bar now pops down when I scroll up, which is distracting and often gets in the way of what I'm trying to look at. And the button to the right which scrolls up, which appears, is really annoying. Plus stability issues. Firebox beta is looking good but has a problem inputting text into text boxes because it doesn't scroll as you type so u can't see what u r doing and other issues
Does not open up links in Google searches or on web pages. Have to long press>open new tab
It's my default browser. I like it. Simple & good UI. But, recently I can't open a couple of address (such as Yahoo, Getglue, etc). Please fix this. I really don't wanna use other browser.
sense I upgraded to ice cream sandwich browser now and unreliable.
Used to work great on incredible but now on RAZR Maxx it never loads pages properly and force closes at times.
Force closes after a while and Google search doesn't work at all on my nexus 7. Pls fix. I love this on my HTC desire HD so hope it will work as good.
Great browser,  more convenient than stock browser or the full dolphin,  but buggy...  2 main issues: no option to open a link in a new tab; select text crashes the browser. No support since March?
I assume it's something with jelly bean.  I know some apps don't work in jelly bean, but really?  Pinch to zoom fails?  Or is that disabled or something?  And I've switched to desktop agent.
When you expand a flash video to full screen it stops this is fixed in dolphin hd have to use that for now.
Good, but it freezes and force closes every time I use the Find feature.
Sluggish /: no difference in speed when compared to my stock browser S=
Screenshot feature = WIN however :]
So so. Constant problems with pages automatically zooming on their own, as if program has mind of its own and pages gradually get bigger and bigger
How can I hide address bar?
Worked great until my galaxy nexus was upgraded to jelly bean, now crashes randomly and pages will randomly refuse to load
Has good functionality, nice features for a mini. What I like best is that it does not need control of my accounts to function like most other android browsers.  Just don't trust apps that want or "need" control of my accounts.
Crashes whenever trying to copy or select text. SGS2
Once my RAZR upgraded to better OS this stopped working period. Tried reinstall, no help.  Not working with ice cream sandwich os well.
like others have already mentioned, there is a problem with opening tabs.  Have to jump back to already loaded tab to make new tabs load.  Also have the zombie tab issue after closing browser.  Copy text function FC browser.  The tab load issue started after I updated to official SGSII ICS.
Force close when i hold and select text at facebook..
I've used dolphin as my main browser for a couple years. With the recent updates over the last few months resulting in links not being clickable or opening to blank pages is forcing me to move on to other options.
Love it..
Everytime I close and open the browser, it opens a new tab. Very annoying. I can't find the way to disable that. I know the HD version has that option to disable that but the Mini version doesn't seem to have it.
too many force close issues. ill try the full version next.
Worked fine on gingerbread, but all searches are now hanging at 50% for me on ics.
Got this bc I wanted the tab feature. Will keep using but often the tabs I open are still there when I go back into the app...and they are  ones I've tried to close using "close tab"...exiting the whole app seems to get rid of them.but the issue is getting worsebc bc now they're mutiplying...just closed 5 tabs that were all copies of one I had pulled up last night. Please fix!!
Needs something like Companion for the Mini.
Copy/paste does not work in Android 4.0. Can consume CPU in background (better stop web pages in background). I like tabs.
When clicking on links some sites don't work and the option to open in a new tab is often not avallable
Great browser but it now locks up when you press and hold text and press Select Text from the menu. Galaxy S III.
Back button never works right. Forward will never work..
can't select text
Surfing was fast, but would not open a page after cut and paste with SwiftKey 3. Going back to HD
I'm having trouble since my phone updated to 4.0.  You can click on a webpage title, and nothing happens other than the title lighting up.
:D
Good and light browset but sometimes slow in speed.
It seems to be slower than it used to be and the flash player isn't optimized...its very laggy.
Auto orientation doesnt work on motoatrix 4G. Other than that, its a gd app!
It was great at 1st but when I used google instead of letting me erase my search history it would open a restaurants tab bc the restaurant button was touched somehow.
I have to click on the link several times for it to actually respond sometimes :(
Freezes often now
Uc is the best
Take back my word. But it still can be called good
How do I avoid default loading of mobile version websites? Would be glad to give 5 stars if there is a way to do this.
it was working absolutely fine but now my select text, screen cut , open in background options are not working .can u plz fix it
I never had an issue w/ mini before & have had it as my default for months, but the last 2-3 weeks it's been glitchy. Won't open links despite me clicking on open in background. Takes a very long time to open regular pages, or sometimes just freezes up after 30 sec.
confirm upon exit can't be removed despite disabling it.
After upgrade to ICS, mini no longer adjust news article after zooming in or out.
But Dolphin HD is definitely better.
Its good... it won't compress data like the Opera Mini... *wink.... but you can shut the Pic's off and save megs ;)... Allround...   it works well...
Good
This is a good browser, but it does not automatically hide the address bar and tabs the way Dolphin HD does which is a deal breaker when you have limited screen space. Yes you can enter and exit full seen constantly but that's complicating something which should be easy.
Nice quick small browser but no longer syncs bookmarks with Google, gutted.
Long press on links has stopped working so can't open links in background please help
i love this browser
Prefer this to dolphin hd.
the dolphin browser tends to crash when you select cut copy and paste. I have only noticed this problem since I have updated to ice cream sandwich on my galaxy s 2 please fix this problem
Good browser for  streaming videos & music but needs a lots of improvements in all aspects.LEARN FROM OPERA MINI
I see major memory leak behavior. After using it for a while it will slow to a crawl
Cursor jumps to a  completely different place than what was touched, and prevents proper scrolling within text boxes.  Loading pages stops inexplicably for all tabs, while 3g still kicks in for any other app.  Might try dolphin hd - will be switching if that doesn't help.
URL bar cannot contain string of more than 256 characters or it crashes. If the current URL is more than 256 characters the URL cannot be copied.
Was good before but not great anymore. I try to copy text and the app freezes then crashes. It's also stopped loading pages now. Looks like im headed back to opera
Y u no make themes for dolphin mini?
Can't select text - application crashes (o/s ICS)
If have download manajer ★★★★★! ^_^
Use the full HD version.  This version pauses and hangs. And crashes often on galaxy nexus
Unable to clear data etc. Cleared everything except bookmarks. Returned to find myself still logged in. Must close tabs first for it to work unlike on Android 2.3.6
Thus browser is great in every aspect...but ut force closes alot....everytime i open in site in desktop version it force closes..
The best browser on the market. Even better then HD. I really dont know whats the difference. Anyway its working flawlessly so far.
It's good that they made it mini
Please add option to hide the intelligent back/forward buttons. It is annoying.
Needs to have some easier instructions
Worked magically at first, but lots of force closes afterwards. I had to uninstall and reinstall it again. Still not giving up on it because I like how simple it is.
This was was my first choice browser on my Galaxy s2 until i got Ice cream sandwich. After that whenever i choose the select text option to select text on the page the application froze itself and the phone. On one occasion the phone automatically rebooted;i uninstalled with regret and I'm currently testing Google Chrome. By the way Dolphin HD does not have that problem.
It's bad on Honeycomb 3.2 when opening New Tab, can't loading the pages! Pls fix it, immediately!
While it's fast, stable & clean, sort of like opera mini (clunky ui) or maxsoft (super buggy), it has a few issues: 1. There's no open link in new tab on the press-hold popup menu. 2. Typing is buggy with Swype. 3. Selecting text is difficult - often it just doesn't work.  #1 is enough for me to not use out as my main browser.
Great app...giving it 3-star until they can solve the problems with incomplete downloads, which is a big inconvenience.
crashes repeatedly. Interface doesn't appeal to me. Like the quickdial -Atrix CyanogenMod 9 ICS
Just downloaded..nd forced closed automatically after browsing for few mins..:( Galaxy S
Keep force closing when using it >:( pls fix.
I love this browser. Used to be a Dolphin HD fan, but this is so much faster and more intuitive than its big brother
I like the app, but it is huge (local HTML5 cache) and I may have to remove it.
Facebook for iPhone option -the internet turned into an old old Facebook version.
Best
It's okay, but app data size continues to grow, and clearing data doesn't help. Why is this? I want to keep app size small, and it continues to grow. Fail.
Now I can't even  browse any single page. Pls quickly fix it.
But not great keeps opening up tabs I have closed and it won't open some drop downs like I can on standard browser
Opera is awesome
Just slow but ok
now that I'm using ics the browser freezes up whenever i try to select text or go fullscreen on a video. these issues never happened when i used gingerbread(v2.3.6). it's probably the BEST BROWSER out there if these issues are fixed
Rather than forcing you to do Tabbed browsing, that should be an option to enable/disable.  If you don't touch it and use it through, for example, twitter links, you end up with many tabbed pages, after a few the browser warns you of decrease performance if you open too many, but I never wanted to open different tabs, it does that by default and it is a pain to go constantly closing them.  It also behaves erratically on some web pages when you want to go back.
It doesn't open google mail(Gmail)
gudd
Far betr dn stock,bt speed cn b increasd a bit n it ll b gr8 if u includ youtub dowlodr…
App force closes when trying to select text on ICS
Flash does not work in ICS
I use this always but whenever I type words in Google Search the page gets very jumpy and I lose the one's I typed, so I have to type all over again.
Decent, but two problems. #1 - doesn't import bookmarks from Dolphin HD or stock browser. #2 - when exiting, the tabs stay open, so the next time you open this app, all the tabs you previously opened are still open. Dolphin HD closes those tabs, and Dolphin Mini should, too.
Still stalls out on Verizon Galaxy Nexus.
Kinda slow. Interface is nice. Still gets 3strz for trying
Good browser
Needs an option to disable tabbed browsing, and/or to have tabs auto close between sessions.  I never use tabs on my phone, and tapping close box very often misses and switches to a different tab.  Tabs accumulate and browser becomes slow.  Also, ui is ugly.  More color choices please.
This app used 2be great but time goes by and no real updates! Seriousely needs work, getting very buggy..
The main thing is that you cant download movie files, videos or mp3 songs files, very dissatisfied
Redirecting the sites to mobile format urls. Bcz of this not getting full options in m.urlname.
Except this everything looks cool
Great performance, great design! I like it more than Dolphin HD!
Great browser when it works. But frequently stops sending/receiving and have to exit and start over. Clearing cache on exit allows it to work for a few more minutes.
After the update the screen became twitchy...fast but buggy!
I'm not impressed
I really like it..but it always Force close..lately. Im downloading file its a  bothersome bcoz everytime it forced close i need to do it again..open all the windows etc. I dunno why or how this thing happen please fix it.
Grate
Nice app w many fiture available on it..but pls fix the reload issue. Its not allow me to login LJ, keep reloading whenever I wanna type uname x.x
Works great with my zte score
Awesome, just awesome!
Using optimus 2x and pinching kinda drives me crazy.. but it does its job well as i have only downloaded this app to download another app. Thank you
Good browser, but the fixed navigation bar which doesn't recess while scrolling as in the stock browser is a drawback. Looks like the only way to hide it is going fullscreen. Dolphin HD does it correctly, Mini doesn't
good but keeps forgetting the brightness setting.Always defaults back to automatic. Please fix this,uninstalled it
Even when in landscape very annoying. Sometimes doesn't load even with full connection..also annoying..shopping for new browser. Samsung stratosphere
Won't sync bookmarks with either Google or Dolphin HD which is frustrating. However I've now ditched Dolphin HD in place of this cooler mini version.
But watching flash videos is glitchy & it always causes my home screen to restart upon exit. HTC evo 4G.
Html5 support?
Had lots of freeze ups during browsing. Phone would reboot
Can we please have the theme option for the mini browser like the hd browser has? I love the look of the mini browser just not a fan of the green theme. Will give 5 stars if can make this happen!! :)
I still prefer Opera Mini, but I use this to log in my phone into wifi captive portals, and then switch back to Opera Mini.
I love Dolphin, but since the ICS upgrade some links won't open or take ages when they work fine in Google's stock browser. Please fix as I don't want to switch. Google Nexus S.
Love it except when tabs won't close. I close them but when I come back to the app even a week later the tabs are all still open
Its a great application when working but most of the the time I struggled to have it respond.its just an average browser.I installed it.
Fundimangungu
no longer required. It made sense to use it before but now the HD version is just as fast and has more features! Size isn't an issue anymore thanks to CyanogenMod and Apps2SD(S2E app). HTC Desire CM7.1
no longer required. It made sense to use it before but now the HD version is just as fast and has more features! Size isn't an issue anymore thanks to CyanogenMod and Apps2SD(S2E app). HTC Desire CM7.1
I like the fact its smaller, most likely uses less memory, but I prefer the hd version. Good for what it is, still better then my stock browser, faster too! Missing a star due to gestures not being as good, otherwise a great product.
So fast...cool app
Decent enough but lacks ability to choose search engine which is poor.
.
I can't sync bookmarks with google bookmark and dolphin browser hd.
Nice I bit buggy free can't complain
Many bugs and crashes on ICS. Stock browser outperforms it, but I hope you are working on a fix.
Biggest issue is that sometimes the "open new tab" option dissapears under long press. Fix for 5 stars
Needs a way to organize the speed dial and a find function and data is not being cleared. Just shows an endless "clearing data" prompt.
App is constantly force closing
Whenever I select a link from Facebook , my default Dolphin Browser opens more than one tab every time. It gets annoying.
Please add themes No customization of colors smh also needs mobile view
Poor speed.. Makes my xperia look like a java phone.. Gesture is the only good thing..
this browser gets on my nerves, when Google searching links wont open etc.. with other webpages with links..l
Facebook is a pre-installed speed dial button, but when I view the site, none of the pics show up.  Maybe its just my phone though. Rooted LG Ally.
Good browser but touchy when typing. Also copy and paste won't work. Many features but update long overdue to fix errors. HTC Desire HD.
Needs to be updated, I need to constant exit and reopen the app because sites wont load.
Loading isn't really faster, but scrolling and stuff is super smooth and very snappy. Way better than the stock browser.
Going back to HD. Some pages won't load. Must zoom for some links to be clicked. Keyboard won't always pop up. Droid Incredible on Gingerbread OS
I like it. But for the last week or so, webpages won't load with full service, and load on other browsers.
the browser constantly stop loaning pages in the middle or around 80 percent
Opera is much better
It will have more stars if both HD and this version have option to switch mobile to desktop view for every site
browser is reasonably fast however it is not the fastest on the market. that title belongs to maxthon. however it is still lighter than the reg dolphi
browser is reasonably fast however it is not the fastest on the market. that title belongs to maxthon. however it is still lighter than the reg dolphi
Better than Dolphin HD... Dolphin HD is getting too bogged down with annoyances. I have Droid 3 and still prefer this one over the other.
Just found out dolphin is sending all url's and http visited sites to a server in china.
PLS let us hide the address bar in non full screen mode! (full screem mode with status bar)
It use to work great, but at some point it stopped working properly with Netflix, which is a must work for me.
This browser its simple to use and fast, but my phone has crashed a few times on exit, seems like the only time it crashers.
Very laggy on rendering pages. Even simple mobile pages take ages to finish.
It's ok but if this is the best out there I'm a little disappointed. Too slow and the back arrow that pops up is always right where I'm typing.
But doesn't show .gif images! Please fix!
But doesn't show .gif images! Please fix!
So compact...its faster than dolphin hd. Personally, I don't need all of the bloat and addons that hd has.
Awesome..  For me (optimus black) mini runs websites faster than HD and stands on top of all android browsers. Great, keep improving, thanks.
Long tap (for opening content in a new tab) works only once for any given tab.
Love it.
Cannot download stuff with it.. always getting errors
Cool browser but selecting text doesnt work. Cannot seem to get any words on my clipboard. Galaxy s2 user
When using landscape mode to type (I.e. google), the dialogue box cannot be viewed while typing...very annoying...please fix this error/bug
Great browser for when you're online, but not if you try to keep tabs open for later reading. E.g. when there is no or slow data connection.
If only the address bar would stay @ the top when scrolling down it wouls be *****..
More fluid than Dolphin HD and a better alternative than other browsers, but desperately needs the search on page feature
I had used d full Dolphin HD, n im loving this compact sized Dolphin. Love d fullscreen feature, would love to see "Custom" for "user agent" for this.
I don't have a multi touch phone, and this has no on screen zoom buttons!
My favorite mobile browser has become slow, unreponsive and ineffective with this latest upgrade. (Original Milestone).
So close but has major problem- can't hide addressbar/tabbar at top without going fullscreen. I want to hide them but still see phone notification bar
but facebook messages on facebook (desktop view) are displayed wrong.you can't zoom and look at the messages correctly.
Updates making it better and better- OG droid
Will not load pictures on wifi since update. Rooted dinc
Was better b4 the upgrade. Slower to load and pages freeze.
Alarmingly high CPU usage on Captive. Otherwise nice browser.
Stops loading pages when on wi-fi..Samsung Intercept
I have been using DBHd on my tbolt and thought I'd try out mini. I really think I like it more. Super light, fast, responsive ... Just give it a try.
Why I can't download though the browser after updated. By the way Other functions are great!
This browser consumers alot of memory, is slow and has many bugs. I prefer dolphin browser hd over this one.
No Gmail offline - Despite having a setting to clear html5 data, gmail always reports "no offline messages".
Use to love this application but recently the update keeps making it crashes.
So hard to close tabs and unable to change the order of the tabs
Needs folders for bookmarks. Otherwise great.
Make it look better, like hd ver
Grrrrrr! This APP is annoying! The graphics are great, and the APP is fast however, the webpage messes up when I try click to a link. HTC Wildfire
It's kind of weird that old tabs I closed reappears without fail. I don't like that.
good browser but everytime I close all the tabs they open again next time I open the browser
Good features and nice interface but loads pages MUCH slower then Opera Mobile on my galaxy S
For some websites it wont let me select text all I see is a small square !
I hate that the update forces text reflow on pinch zooming!!! How do I rollback?!
I hate that the update forces text reflow on pinch zooming!!! How do I rollback?!
My browser closes every time I tried to switch to Desktop Facebook site. Same experience with some sites priviewed in desktop mode. Dell Streak
just trying 2.2beta. there is a bug browser closes as soon as fourth tab is opened. on galaxy s2 with gingerbread. back to 2.1.1 till fix.
Keeps opening previously closed windows when I opened the application. Please fix.
Love it: lock window, cache to sd card Problem: its still caching to internal storage even set to use sdcard
Why bother to have a "confirm on exit " configuration option? It has never worked. One always has to confirm on exit regardless. Very annoying
I find it annoying sometimes. When I click the stop button it has to reload the page its on already... idk if this is normal.
there's a when i try to move up, or down the page, sometimes it gets to be stuck...
focus on this, not on hd!
Best Browser out there!
i love its menu bar design. but i cant only hide the tab bar and address bar. i think hd version is better
Good idea with the gestures, but doesn't compare to Opera Mini's speed and ease of use.
Good browser, but need option of full screen and of option of making it an default browser.
Getting FCing every time I press the menu button? Droidx cm7 nightly 25
Good browser, but lately slow and refusing to load Facebook mobile when other browsers do. Uninstalled for Opera Mini
This app used to be amazing but after the upgrade it won't open w/o force closing immediately- please fix. Samsung Intercept
Having problems with my keyboard loading on Facebook and other problems when I'm on FB. Please fix. Original Evo 2.3
Having problems with my keyboard loading on Facebook and other problems when I'm on FB. Please fix. Original Evo 2.3
Very buggy not working with facebook mobile or full site well. Default browser no problems so it's something with this app.
Way way to slow. Need to give an option for quality of images etc to download.
Address bar should be auto hide or reduce the height in landscape mode, orientation lock reset if browser closed.
Address bar should be auto hide or reduce the height in landscape mode, orientation lock reset if browser closed.
Used this for months, but Dolphin Browser HD now has quick speed dial, making this useless
If I could enable it to hide the address bar like the stock browser and add a second page of quick links it would be perfect. Props.
good browser...best among all the browsers that hv used.hving some issues with scrolling...couldnt see scrollers inside some webpages
Only gets 3 stars, despite smooth functionality and UI, because it destroyed my battery.
Very slow on loading pages. Some pages won't even load. Have to use Opera now. It's ugly, but it loads webpages. Dolphin doesn't any more.
This browser is SOOO much better than the regular DolphinHD. Developers -incorporate the color themes & you get 5 stars. Samsung Captivate Froyo
every time you go to a new site it opens a new tab. Also the "speeddial" is very annoying.
Very good but with many bugs. V. often you need to restart the browser in order to load pages. Pinch zoom does not always auto adjust screen size.
Awesome web browser. I love the extra features. Doesn't quite work as fast as Opera mini. Still is a speedy web browser. Depends on device. G1
It's good, but almost always fails in downloading torrent files... Check KickassTorrents. Files can't be opened with a torrent client...
Awesome, used this for five minutes and see the difference already. Uninstalling the regular Dolphin Browser now
Please add a option to turn off that green pop up menu. To me it is completely usless and quite annoying
The last version has a really annoying issue for me. When you hold your finger on a link to do the open in new window dialog about 60% of the time it keeps popping up the little green dialog with "Select Text" and other things on it So rating it back down to 3 stars
It's always a battle between me and the virtual keyboard to be able to make a comment in fb. It pops up, then goes right back down. G2
I'd really like the tab and address bar to move up and hide like in Dolphin Browser HD. That's the only reason I don't use this browser anymore.
I like the speed this browsers load sites, but I have trouble with screen sensitivity...which make it hard to move down a page.
I hate the whole auto rotate in general! Ughh what is the point? Anyway the browser is stuck in landscape mode, I have to uninstall now... HTC hd2
Fast fetching, very nice interface, but quite unresponsive compared to standard browser. Motorola milestone 2.2
App would be a lot better if the thing would quit making me refresh just to click a link. It just highlights but won't go. Have to refresh to click!!!
Love the browser, been using for a long time. Just moved to the galaxy s2 though and now every time of turn off automatic brightness, it turns back on
EVERYTHING takes forever to load, and never finishes doing so! Dolphin HD is SO much better, but takes up too much space, so I'm forced to use this.
Address bar should scroll along with the page. And confirm on exit does not turn off!
Started offering to install some crap on every start. Problem gone after 3 reinstalls. Great browser but removal will be final if this happens again
Loved the program until phone was updated to Froyo. Now causes phone to slow down or crash.
I just started with this so will see how it go. 5 start for now thanks for all the help. Evo
Has a bug that keeps bringing back certain closed tabs even after clearing history & cache. Really annoying! Uninstalled. EVO
Its a great alternative to the stock browser but, Opera Mobile Mini is much faster and smoother. DroidX
Faster than Skyfire but wouldn't enable pinch resizing of Facebook. Uninstalled. MotoDroid2G
Best browser for my midrange android...has all the features...just like chrome...;)
dolphin mini is personally my favourite because it has a lot of features that i want like setting as wallpaper, screen gestures, able to clear cache, history and what not upon exit, and it doesn't drain the battery and it actually gives you the exit option, allowing the app to quit and not hog the cpu/memory in the backgrd could work with just screen capping a portion of the screen instead of the whole webpage. could also work on the bookmarks being stored on sd or something. closing of tab is not sensitiv
Nice browser but so slow it is unusable, seriously this has to be the slowest browser in existence, phone went to sleep waiting for it to render page.
After update- doesn't reload pages from last session. Doesn't Have the speed dial home page. Can't even change the homepage!
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
Used to be slim and simple. Too much garbage and no options to turn all the crap off.
Used to be slim and simple. Too much garbage and no options to turn all the crap off.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
It was good til this latest update. Almost impossible to type inside text boxes. I'm deleting it now after 4 months of loving it. Evo 4g
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
Its good.slower than opera mini(read richer page content in return)..but crashes more.opera mini has become much more stable nw
Is quick to load, but slower than the stock browser when loading web pages. Has an exit button
Keeps sending me error messages and I heard back from thier tech support that it cannot be set as the default browser uninstalling into that fixed
Good, but with the missinng features like 'find on page' not better than competition. The HD version however is.
Good, but with the missinng features like 'find on page' not better than competition. The HD version however is.
It's faster than some, but without the ability to copy-paste its a major failure. Back to the market I go for an alternative.
Better then its predecessor in speed and ease of use. Like more than xscope and Miriam browsers too, keep coming back.
Works much better than other browsers that I tried. Very intuitive & easy to use. Have no problems with it.
Works much better than other browsers that I tried. Very intuitive & easy to use. Have no problems with it.
Great browser except that when minimizing browser and reopening it later will reload the first opened tab into a 2nd new tab. Reported, still not fix
It was alright but I still like the plain ol stock browser better (also no copy/paste or share page feature was a deal breaker for me) .. removed it
Functionally, good. But it's caused two major freezes and one total crash and reboot in the last 24 hours.get off my phone!
Been using for over a month now and still very impressed every time I use it. Please allow for editing the position of the speed dials. Thanks.
Love it but uninstalled it because Opera 11 came out and its way better. Only prob w/ dolphin was it didn't allow me to copy and paste. HTC EVO
Great...application..bt need to hv its own flash player..like skyfire...do improve it that way..otherwise nt bad either..
Was the best for Android until Opera 11 came out yesterday. Got some catching up to do now. Opera is amazing now.
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Browsing the net is fast, but slow when loading videos , buffing time for videos takes longer then your stock browser. Rooted HTC EVO .
The fastest. The smoothest. Only wish it wasn't green! The best Android browser. HTC Desire 2.2
Great program the only problem is that whenever i install the update it always crashes besides that it's great
This "mini" browser does not proxy and fails to load sites as Opera's Mini does.
This "mini" browser does not proxy and fails to load sites as Opera's Mini does.
Used to use dolphin hd, but this is smaller, faster, and screen capture works MUCH better
uninstalled. It's a bit slower than the default droid x browser and also can't do select text for copy/paste.
Awesome.. It works excellent in my samsung galaxy.. Fast and also complete for the menu and setting..that make it easy to use.. Love it..
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
The best browser for android. I tried all the other ones but this has the best zoom and tabs feature!! And i like the gesture feature too!! Is awesome
Very, very good. I miss the add ons, but all in all I really like this app and the UI is very good. 5th star for add ons
Very, very good. I miss the add ons, but all in all I really like this app and the UI is very good. 5th star for add ons
Scrolling lags on my Galaxy S, opera mini is way better
I love it! Much faster than my stock browser on G2. Tab browsing option is great. Wish there was skins for it....
I like this better than Opera. Miren, or even the other Dolphin versions. Love gestures.
Noticeably slower than Android's stock browser (Galaxy S Froyo). Tabbed browsing really can't make up for that. Also, the green UI is rather ugly.
I have used Dolphin Browser Mini for a while now, before it suddenly malfunctioned and now forces me through the startup wizard everytime I launch it.
Really fed up with how if you follow a link from twitter or email it opens a half dozen tabs or more that you keep closing.
Nice, but I still prefer the default Android browser followed by Opera. Mozilla Firefox is also out for Android now, and I like it better as well.
What is this froyo browser you speak of? With this app, who needs that? Cliq running CM6
UI, great interface options but unfortunately a bit sluggish on my Galaxy S. Uninstalled
Decent browser but now its speed is SLOWER THAN MIREN AND STOCK (initially it was faster). I maintain & optimize my phone religiously too (droid x)
This 2.0 update is smooth. Now it renders pages faster and correct. Use on Lg optimus s. Keep up the goodwork!
Excellent performance and usability, but uniform I can change what has to be the world's ugliest browser theme, I will never use this.
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
Theres a lot to like but until the lagginess is solved its still second to Opera IMO. SGS
Dont like that the top does not go away when moving down a webpage as well dont like that u cant set a home page
It doesn't force close on me as much as miren but its not as fast as miren either
The best browser ever. Very stable and doesnt freeze. Faster compared to opera mini, mozilla and other browsers in the market. Thanks to this great ap
Text box is hard to see or covered by keypad when in landscape. Please fix.
Love this browser..works fast and flawflawlessly. If you can just add a homepage it will be a 5 star. HTC EVO
The "far" default zoom level is not far enough. I want to see the whole page when it loads. Staying with Miren.
Good browser, but it crashes when trying to use flash. That's kind of a priority for me so I'm afraid its time to uninstall. Evo2.2
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Love the speed dial and tabs but runs much slower than stock. Ill keep using but might be a deal breaker...
This app started out great but got slower & slower to where the default browser runs circles around this. Not usable; uninstalling. SGH-T959 Eclair
This is purely amazing! But i think an opption to remove the back and forword would be good
The gold standard for android browsers. Fast, lightweight, and easy to use. Thanks Dolphin team!
Good browser but doesn't support flash I don't think as I cannot stream some videos
Very nice love it and its great that you can put on the memory card
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
Unstable, crashes constantly on HTC Legend with only two tabs open. Otherwise, nice interface. Unfortunate.
I tried SF and it was crap. But I'm back with Dolphin. I will never leave again. Holy crap. Vortex
Nice looks and is snappy. Flash doesn't work. Stock (gingerbread) browser is better. HTC Aria 2.3.2
HTC EVO cannot zoom in and reallign words to page. All cache and history will not auto delete. FAST though. Dolphin HD still works on the other two.
Good browser but it could do with a better default skin. All the Dolphin browsers look candy-esque like they're from the mid-90s.
What a huge improvement over the stock browser! Fell in love with it in just a couple minutes :)
@Chad I have an intercept too and this app and I can assure you...it's your phone. Intercepts are the dumbest "smart" phones on the market.
Good browser. Twitter in dolphin is better than their app. So is Gmail. However, Opera Mini is still much faster on my phone. Captivate
Its a great browser lord of good features but seems to drain my battery to quick
Its a great browser lord of good features but seems to drain my battery to quick
Never thought I would like a better browser than dolphin HD, then along came MINI! Such a great and simple browser!
It worked great on my husband's Dell Streak, but it wouldn't load a single page on my Motorola Defy! I even confirmed the stock browser was working.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Beats the HD version but still slow to render pages. Stock Android 2.3 browser is faster altho Dolphin handles pop-ups and windows/tabs miles better
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Just an update or two away from perfection. No more options/settings. Just tweak the speed/efficiency.
Just an update or two away from perfection. No more options/settings. Just tweak the speed/efficiency.
Fast, much faster than many others. Inability to handle flash video is a big negative.
Some good features but found a bug. Would not open a page as I hazily recall. Uninstlling mini to ease use of basic browser.
Excellent! Runs great on my Ally! So much faster than the stock browser. Love it.
Love it, only thing I would like is the option to copy and paste text.
Love it, only thing I would like is the option to copy and paste text.
I really like layout and features, only complaint pages take long time to load vs my default browser
Its not fast. Actually stock browser is faster. I tested it. I do like the UI but u can see full page of the website. Can't see how to change it.
Caused a crash on my wildfire just after installation. Had problem with password requiring special characters. The support team replied just once
I prefer regular dolphin hd. I don't see a point or use for the mini.
Have found mini browser to be slightly more unreliable on the galaxy tab when connecting over 3g than the HD browser. Removing app.
Excellent clean looking browser. Very fast too. With many fantastic features. (N1 cyanogen 6.1.1)
Good, but needs a video player like skyfire has so 2.1 users can watch flash
why is it so slow?? i love the functionality and all, but the stock browser is way faster. ill keep it for now. hope it improves even more. captivate
Nothing special. Opera mini is way faster and stores a cache copy of the webpage you was previously on so going back a page is very quick.
The best for my rooted EVO. I keep coming back. 5 stars when optional text flow added. Still love that feature of HTC browser.
It kinda annoys me that Google search needs to be started each time I type something in the adres bar
All I wanted was pinch to zoom in a browser that won't crawl on my rooted 2.1 Eris, but here the pinch to zoom won't work. It is at least fast though
Great browser would Like to make my top choice but can't specify download location. Sticking with HD and hoping this gets added
WAY faster than HD version. Sadly, I hate that flash like items overlays the url bar & other things on screen (checkout gamespot). HD 4 now until fix.
I like it. But the exit prompt is an annoying extra step when wanting to go back to original app (twitter, news)
Way better than skyfire. Love that it has an exit button and the options to clear cache and sd card without having to dig for them. Great app.
If it can auto hide the address bar, I will try it again. It waste the space to view the page
I'm still using the original mini browser. I was under the impression this is suppose to be a to the pt. Browser, but they cont. to add more features.
Faster than default. Easy to use. Custom gestures rock my socks. SYNCS WITH GOOGLE BOOKMARKS.
Not as good as full Dolphin browser. By default, no home button at top and if you scroll to the far right or left, there are no sidebars.
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
It is fast but it failed for me when I realised that the text doesn't reformat to fit the page when you pinch and zoom. Side scrolling, no thanks.
I tred all browsers this one is definitely the best. While it is just version 1. Hope there won't come adds then would it be just like dolphin hd.
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
About to give 5 stars but there isn't any option allowing disable gesture or zooming tab. Consider abt it. 3 stars. Wildfire 2.2 froyo
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Ok but loads pages kinda slow. Needs to b as fast as the browser that comes with android 2. 3 gingerbread. Froyo Droid Eris
Good: screen orientation lock. Bad: address bar always visible, taking up real estate. Please fix.
Simple browser with some good features. Would give five stars if location based features worked in the browser. Otherwise great.
I like the layout but I have a problem inputting info into forms, characters don't show up
Nice browser but still needs a lot of work. Drained my battery from 100 to 94 in 2-3 minutes just from running in background.
This browser is faster, better and more innovated then the android default browser.
Though exit button is there after the update one still has to get out of the pop up saying clear cache and clear history
miren browser is fast in terms of undo and redo option.while dolphn mini still loads when using undo and redo.hope dis is the next improvement for DBM
I love it! <3 Its simply the best. Feature I suggest is to save the pages in cache for instant back & forward of pages while surfing. Best of luck tou
Auto full screen pls If it can work like Miren browser, its great Facebook photo can't slide
Slower than previous beta. Web pages frequently visit are slower than stock browser now. Revert to stock until the next release.
Terrific. As fast or faster than stock. An excellent, fully-featured browser, but one that gets its exercise--slim and speedy! No FCs. Droid1, CM6.1.
Unable to use predictive txt when on web sites and won't download vids from websites only streams them fix this and get 5 stars. Galaxy s 2.2
Tried every single browser out there. This one has best balance of speed, light footprint, and UI. DInc.
Overall, so much better tham stock, lighter but more features. Found bug: will open 2nd instance of tab previous when opening link from other app.
Seems okay, but it could be a lot faster if flash loading could be set to "on demand"
LOVE! Better than Opera (locks up), better than the HD version because of the speed and easy access to features.
No pinch to zoom on rooted nook color. HD pinch to zoom does work though
No pinch to zoom on rooted nook color. HD pinch to zoom does work though
Tabs are useful but no text re-flow which is an absolute must for mobile browsing. Sticking with stock browser for now.
Not sure how to treat this. There are smaller and quicker browsers. Still Opera mini for me.
Pretty good. Nice clean feel and very snappy. Is a HUGE battery hog, even compared to dolphin HD.
Would be much better if it didn't open every single item in a new tab. Also the lock thing seems to come up randomly very annoying
Been using it for a day and already fell in love with it! Great size and very fast. Droid x 2.2.1
I'm also changing my review, its kinda buggy. Force closes, at times and locks up my phone. Boooooo!
Galaxy S 2.2 : I like the features, but it's taking some time to load pages/freezing in between. I think HD version is better.
Fast but it keeps opening the same exact website, that i keep closing for three days now.
Lots to like, but having to deal with the Speed Dial tab & Exit screen everytime makes me nuts. Uninstall.
It looks pretty good, but for my LG ally it's not loading anything but Google....uninstall
Cool browser but it was slower than stock. Trying Dolphin HD to see if it's any better. GummyJar 1.8 DX.
Like it so far. Please add way to import bookmarks from stock browser. No autosize / text wrap to screen for websites?
Really great, fast loading & powerful toolbox & small data. Ask for anything more? Oh, no, dolphin mini is enough!
Really great, fast loading & powerful toolbox & small data. Ask for anything more? Oh, no, dolphin mini is enough!
Fast. Love everything but need the tabs and such to move like they do in the be version and darker or custom UI's. Will default to it....
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
Much zippier than HD. Bug: loading a vid, the back buttons get obscured behind the video. Make mini load webpage zoomed out initially.
Initial excitement turned to disappointment. On a gsm connection which I have to suffer where I live this browser is slow compared to Opera mini.
Add startup zoom level and it will be the best browser. Current zoom level is not suitable for me. Thanks.
Fast, responsive and simply one of the best browsers on Android atm...and it's still in beta
I like clearing cache each time I leave, but I wish it loaded as fast and had a full screen mobile view like Opera Mini.
Super fast. Like it a lot, but sticking with HD until this is out of beta.
I love Dolphin Mini web browser but it doesn't work well with S3 and ICS. Like zombie tabs, open links with new tabs doesn't work, blank websites until refresh, click on phone number on browser to call does not work. Please fix it. I tried Dolphin Browser Beta and it crashes a lot. Mini is the most stable one of all.
The fastest brower in it class compare to the default dolphin browser or other browser. This is the best
Great browser. I actually like this better than the HD version. Good privacy settings, too.
Lean and fast but miss pinch zoom.
Great browser but now Firefox is around the same size and much faster, and more powerful I think it might be time to say goodbye to dolphin.
I like the app but i would love it if it had the option to make your own theme like maxthon browser
Good light browser .
I'm experiencing problems on the mobile facebook site. i go to the text boxes and when i type in punctuation symbols other than regular letters, the browser starts giving me the copy/paste menu bar? the punctuation symbols don't appear either
Good for everything
Great browser! Small,simple,fast and easy to use. Only bad thing is that it didn't support "import bookmarks" from other browsers.
The mini version has a very useful tool  missing  from it  that Dolphin browser HD has: automatically open links in new tabs. I prefer this light , version. But  i really miss  this option
Great
Agile and low footprint, but phantom / zombie tabs are annoying me too (Motorola Defy, 2.3.4)
Awesome app easy to use thanx.....
A few years ago, I found my web browser. In fact, this is the only browser I've ever used. However, I've just updated my Nexus S to JB 4.1.1 and the zooming function by pinching doesn't work. The zoom-in/zoom-out button is also gone even though I have it enabled. I can zoom in/out by double-tap but I don't like it because it's either too big or too small. I'm temporarily using DB with Dolphin Engine (beta), but I'm still missing DB Mini. Please fix it!
longpress and menu select to open in a new tab takes very long - plz add settings option to open in new tab automatically
After finally working out how to use it this is a great browser app. I especially like the option to set a bookmark or page to open by writing a symbol on the screen,excellent.
It's been working great for me and it's an awesome browser but for some reason the option to automatically resize page when zoom doesn't work with ICS.
Great Web browser, love it and Dolphin HD. However, since upgrading to ICS both have had issues. HD doesn't have select text anymore, and mini does, but whenever I try using it the browser crashes. What happened?
Have used it on Sony xperiaX10 and XperiaS without any problems. Now using Galaxy S3 and some functions don't work. Could probably use an update but for a free browser you can't complain.
How can I hide address bar?
Have tried many browsers. Clearly this the best of all.. loving it since I downloaded. But the only thing which irritates me is when I try to comment on a fb post, it will not recognize it as a textbox. How come the builders missed it as fb is a regular site that everybody visits.
Mast hai..
It is less megabytes then the big 1 so I like this 1
PLEEEEEEEASE DO SOMETHING! It doesn't load pages, force stops, and sometimes it just closes by itself, it just isn't the way it was!!
Force close for watching you tube
Pros:  Works better, and more features than stock browser. Cons:  Buggy text select tool, and 'zombie tabs' - as noted by other reviewers.
that Zombie Tabs issue along with the Unnecessary Page Reloads when de-minimizing.
Could have been grt, but the tabs do not respond sometimes... pages do not load, stops midway ( nd its not my network issue )
nyce
I love this good one......
its works faster and show the picture perfectly... just need small memory... so it work for my phone with little ammount of internal memory... keep it up...
Cool
Running version 2.3. Side loaded flash to watch Amazon prime VOD. It doesn't work perfectly (no full screen) but will do until devs release a fix. Dolphin HD recently blocked flash altogether so your better off with this version for now.
Excellent speed, But the Browser force closes when selecting text on webpages ! I tried select option, almost all the times the Browser closed automatically ! Very irritating since I opened some Good pages ! I'm on ICS. Plz fix tat !
Much appropriate for my low level device
Much appropriate for my low level device
fast and lean and user friendly (even for a giant thumb owner like me)
I hv used many other browser...but this is excellent...features r really unbelieveable but downloading feature should be improved i.e. it cant be resumed and speed of the d/l is not shown..as in boat browser.
Not downloading
Great browser for its size. Still don't think it's faster than my stock one x browser. But this has nice features.
Fastest browser for android handsets
Greatest line of browsers for android!
i cant download anything. everything will fail. it always go to google doc to show the file. why cant i turn it off？plz fix it.
found out odd glitch, after a while of browsing, the browser refuses to fully load pages, they get stuck halfway. restarting the browser fixes it. -_-
What I like is that it can stream videos and can be used for heavy browsing. What I hate is that it consumes too much battery!
I dislike the tabs now, its difficult to see which you have open and somehow a lot easier to accidentally close a tab. Other than that, love to browser
GREAT apps
GREAT apps
I used this on Samsung Galaxy S2 Ginger bread successfully. But it hangs while pressing copy in my new Galaxy S3 ICS. Please fix it.
Fluid UI, as fast as a browser can b on this ancient phone
Verizon Motorola Droid Razr user. Ever since my phone was update to ICS  dolphin mini is constantly freezing and crashing. I loved it before this. Please fix
please fix screen cut as dolphin HD
I love Dolphin Mini. It was my default browser until my phone updated to ICS. Now the browser is completely unusable. Flash no longer works correctly, everything is slow to load, and it crashes whenever I open a context menu for anything on any page. I will switch to Dolphin HD and hope for an update that fixes these stability and performance issues.
I love Dolphin Mini. It was my default browser until my phone updated to ICS. Now the browser is completely unusable. Flash no longer works correctly, everything is slow to load, and it crashes whenever I open a context menu for anything on any page. I will switch to Dolphin HD and hope for an update that fixes these stability and performance issues.
Nice and simple. It would be better with the new look that Dolphin HD has.
Way better than the original Android browser. I would download it if I were you.  Just saying
It has a Nice & smooth interface compared to opera,but not good for downloading files...
It always reloads the current page, when you switch away and then back to Dolphin browser   Image loading should be specified in a domain specific way.
Easy to use. . Save me a time
Far better than Dolphin HD and Opera Mini. And the best part is HTML 5 support, which was available on Opera Mobile(size 14mb) while this is just around 1mb.
not gud inoff
I didn't have much phone memory left, this definitely works expecially if you have a lot of apps u wanna keep. Job well done:-)
Need this option
Its awesome and fast.
But Firefox is better :)
While searching, hardly could open a new tab for the link (long press and it will open a big pop up thingy). Please fix it and it will be perfect. Thanks.
In itself, It's a good browser. I noticed that it uses a lot more data *by far* than Opera.  Not a bad choice if you only access the internet via wifi or if you have an unlimited data plan.
It needs a new look or themes support.
Good
Prob best
Prob best
Its a little different if your used to Google but it is so much faster.I am still amazed at how much faster my LG optima is now..Jen
Its a good browzer, it minimises bugs and supports all types of web resolutions.
I like it! Fast!
Simple and speedy
Its good.
I like this browser but lately every time I try to select text, it forces close. Running ICS 4.0.3 Samsung Galaxy S2
Prefer this to dolphin hd.
Uninstalling. Keeps forceclosing.
Just update to ICS but the browser can not long press on link
just good,not best
Would be nice to have the option to hide the back and forward buttons. And have "screen on" and different theme colour options.
Is ok browser I guess and you gota luv the wallpapers feature that come with it. All my wallpapers are from this browser.
This small version of dolphin really great works fast and fine...please put add on in this feature..thanks for developer..4stars..by me..
It was really good until I updated my phone to ice cream sandwich. hangs when I try to copy text from the browser
Good browser
I hv used dolphin browser mini fr so long. But now when i press and hold on a link the pop upwindow that asked "open in new tab" and the rest of the option no longer pops out. Or is it just my phone? Samsung Note
Downloading for the  second time.just love it
Very little bugs.
I found it works better than other web browsers. Best one so far :)
It's good
Fast and great features. Double tap zoom doesnt work on my Galaxy Vibrant but works fine on my other devices. Too bad cant use add ons.
I've been using this for well over a year and have loved it.  Recently, however, two issues have shown themselves. I can't seem to resize mobile versisons of most sites and other is related to posting on forums. I don't normally do this because its awkward to post long entries, but when I do the browser doesn't stay focused where my curser is so I can't see what I'm typing.
Just what I was looking for lightweight, fast, has just about everything HD has. I mean... I'm not gonna use it to do very private things online like banking but for just casual browsing it's great!  I like it much better than Opera Mini.
Now certain pages refuse to load such as hotmail which is rather frustrating, needs an update fix asap
All websites work. No problems as if yet. Trying mini b/c HD might have been causing my phone to crash.
Awesome but doesn't open links in new tab by long pressing on a link. This happened after recent update.
Hector, check the "open pages in overview" setting to display the entire web page on load. Best browser! Great improvement to Dolphin HD!
Would be perfect if links worked consistently. Tapping them hardly ever works, so I have to long press and open in background.
Great browser but the only problem is that is crashes every now and then for no reason. Hopefully an update will fix that.
Best browser in the market
Needs to have full screen with status bar option,
Is it possible to add this feature? It is always a pain when try to browse some webpage without this.
I used to use Dolphin HD but it was slow.  MINI is lightning quick, the features it has are useful and the layout and navigation is superb.   By FAR the best browser for Droid and I've tried several.
Love it, gestures are good, but I wish it supported screen bookmarks.
Using ics and the browser no longer opens links when you select them, just does nothing. Long press and hold sometimes works
Small, fast, add much better than the default browser. More stable than the full size version. However, had anyone else experienced zombie tabs? Tabs that, after they are closed, appear again when the browser is brought back to the front. They only go away for good when you exit the browser.
Speed is slow as compared to boat browser. If stopped in t middle then it will load t whole page.
This works like HD once did before it kept crashing...looks great too...:-)
Makes use of entire screen, hiding controls when not needed. Overall good & comfortable, although it slows down much with some desktop-designed pages (haven't compared with other browsers).
Hope to get fix for this, to select text and copy text.
Hope to get fix for this, to select text and copy text.
Hope to get fix for this, to select text and copy text.
Closes down and closes all my tabs when I go onto the mobile twitter website. Have no idea why.
I recently converted from Skyfire to Dolphin Mini. Very good experience regardless. Second only to Opera Mini NEXT - but I use this for a Desktop experience on a mobile phone.
Hope to more fast as opera mini...
Very fast and handy. The search results are also very quicky. The only problem I experience is download. The download doesn't start even if I open the link. Hope this gets reaolved.
Using the full browser resulted in the home app closing or my phone hanging. This is pretty good actually. Has most features I need and is pretty lightweight. However some pages (mostly on the gawker network) load but won't scroll.
Works fine in me but the HD version is not working in my phone
My main browser but always FORCE CLOSE for my Sensation XE ICS :(
Need to add save page and download resume option
This really needs to be properly ported to ICS. I have to use the full HD version for now but really want to go back to mini. Please fix.
Good application
Good!
at least because of the incredible zoom option that zooms and REFLOWS text,which makes it easier to read.However,dolphin lacks this and some other important features in comparison
I like the app, but it is huge (local HTML5 cache) and I may have to remove it.
But not better than opera
good but........................
I switched to this browser from the HD version after getting tired of all the bloat and features I don't find very useful. The mini version is just what I need. Also, I was driven away from the HD version after the bad UI redesign which removed the exit and refresh buttons. It is too bad if Dolphin is really not going to support this anymore, as I believe there is great value in just the basic browser.
I love the customizable speed dial home page, but there is one thing i dont like. All downloads are automatically downloaded to a download folder. I wish that it prompted me before it downloaded, because sometimes i want a file in a different folder
Tried several others like skyfire, opera...nothing to beat this. Just installed this and my first impression is very good, got to see if its good substitute to the stock browser
Amazing darling :^)
One of the best browsers
Better than firefox & opera...and flash supported
Good
no browser comes close to its smoothness, efficiency and interface
Maxxa
Vroom......super cool....fast page loading......still opera mini is better coz of compressed webpages saving data usage....
Lay bhariiiii
Better than all browser & also dolphin HD
Not bad
I downloaded it b4 then for no reason took it off mistake it is the best
How to copy text?I don't get it
Itz super..jus lik dolphin hd. And i dint find nythin.lik crashin.. i suggest fr al optimus one users tat u can use it.
Just gets the job done
Nice one but dont have facility to pause downloads or manage downloads.
Best browser
Ok...
Its replaces my all old browsers.
Can't say it's much faster than stock, but looks sexy. Minus a start for the occasional freeze up.
Keep showing setup wizard every the app start. Didnt save any of the settings
So far so good but hope got frequent update tq
Some glitches but best I've used and been using a cpl years! small size etc! Godspeed!!!
Simply fast and best
But dosent show up in my app drawer  Kricket ZTE
Great browser. If it had the add-ons that the HD version has, and the ability to import bookmarks like HD has, it would be perfect!
Good browser
I've been using this browser for months now and I like it. It works great, no complaints. Samsung Transform.
Good but not best!!
Recently unable to watch videos.  Other than that it's great!
Fullscreen is great and it has many settings & runs quick.  One minor quibble,  still asks for confirmation when holding back whn it's unchekd
It was so gr8 bt after last update,i guess. HD & mini both are crashing 9/10 times... fix it n stay on top
Ok
I use it on three devices.
Thanks for limiting permissions and being less big brother.
I like it
Was working very fine. But recently almost all the symbols have been showing some problem while trying to insert them in facebook comment windows!!!!
Been using this for awhile and really liked it, but for whatever reason copy & paste of links on FB doesn't work. And there isn't a setting to choose to open a link in new tab. So had to switch to HD. It's good just a way bigger file size. RAZR MAXX
It works great. Great app,great browser.
Nice browsing xprnce
This is a fast and efficent browser...
good
I love it, but I wish there was an easier way to request the desktop version of a page, like in the stock ICS browser
Too good
Refuses to login and sync my chrome bookmarks. :/ Otherwise great!
As speed as defult broswer,but sm functions r gd.
Can't lose on this one especially for phones with limited space. Will also move to SD card.
quick and easy to use
quick and easy to use
Great but id prefer opera browser.
Light and fast. Better than the HD version.
What about real updates, New Features...?
Nice
Hey, a fantastic app that looks great and is fast. The only issue I can see at the moment is when I use the back button to close I get the confirm to exit, even changed setting and still can't. Please fix.
Hey, a fantastic app that looks great and is fast. The only issue I can see at the moment is when I use the back button to close I get the confirm to exit, even changed setting and still can't. Please fix.
Its alright faster then default browser but not good for downloading files
It's ok, but it needs to be able to set a homepage and tabs that auto hide like the HD version.
One problem about it is that, when collapsed to use other apps, after switching back to Dolphin it refreshes all the opened pages, wasting time and traffic. Is it possible to change this behavior?
The brightness feature is awesome though, very useful. Please enhance image quality.
One of the best I have tried
Simple, elegant, faster, play JavaScript, I like it :-D
I used more than 8 browsers inside market and 3 third party apps. But this one is the most efficient and powerful in all of them. Many features which  is very useful to all users. Especially for using Facebook. This is my default browser. Really awesome.
I would give this five if they would let us disable the annoying tab switcher on the bottom left, but this is still the best compact Android browser!
Nice powerful browser. Glitches sometimes, but otherwise great.Only wish I could view my internet history instead of reentering an address.
It works ok for me. Opera mini is better than this.
Needs an ad blocker.
Greeeeeeat!
This is the only browser I use on my galaxy s2. But I've noticed that it is not responsive sometimes. For instance, when I tap on something, it would not load to the page at all, which is frustrating. Please fix that.
Great browser overall. Though using gesture cause it to crash every single time (sgs2)
Good
!.
!.
Minimize force close..
Good app!
Needs improvements and one of those improvements should be a purple theme: )
Much better & easier control & access and settings as well. I've used firefox for 2 weeks on cell  (revolution) and have not liked the features... liking this much better even after only a couple of hours!
Does almost everything the full browsers do only faster. Does what a browser is suppose to do & does it faster then most browsers out there!
Only problem is it keeps trying to reopen previously closed tabs.
Not sure
Grate
Grate
Good app.Would be good to be able to copy entire pages, alas it stops at the bottom of the screen, can t scroll down...
Very good browser. You'd of gave 5 stars but its been fc'ing all of a sudden.   Samsung replenish running 2.3.6. Rooted and custom rom.
been a loyal user of opera mini but it doesnt load flash vids. still was hesitant to try other browsers because it just works. well today i decided to give this and HD a try. HD kind of lags on my phone and it seems so narrow, idkwhy. also the translator add-on didnt really work out in twitter. sticking with mini because it's less of a hassle despite no add-ons and it's fast. also love the gestures; so fun!
I can't access my Hotmail account with this browser which makes it useless for me. Also it's bigger brother has a history of privacy violation, not sure about this one. Other than that it's nice, innovative and intuitive, but I'm uninstalling.
Cute browser.Makes my searching fast and easy
This browser succeeds where the stock browser fails when it comes to downloads.
Opra's mini browser compromises compared to its full mobile version by not displaying and and sucky video quality and problems displaying some pages. Dolphin mini can show gifs, play videos (some more efficiently than dolphin hd), and displays web pages perfectly all while having a less convoluted interface. Take out the (useless) back and forward buttons stuck in the bottom corner of the page and i'll give 5
Trying few different browsers coming from Opera..
Really the only contenders for the best mini browser are opera mini and dolphin mini. If you dont use tabs often(i found a rather nasty "feature" where your tabs go gray "to conserve memory" which annoyed the heck out of me) and dont mind an unusual(not bad though) interface with opera(you do have to pay for support though). However if you are like me and use your tabs often go with dolphin mini.  The only complaint I have about dolphin mini is a slight lag when scrolling. This could be me though.
Really the only contenders for the best mini browser are opera mini and dolphin mini. If you dont use tabs often(i found a rather nasty "feature" where your tabs go gray "to conserve memory" which annoyed the heck out of me) and dont mind an unusual(not bad though) interface with opera(you do have to pay for support though). However if you are like me and use your tabs often go with dolphin mini.  The only complaint I have about dolphin mini is a slight lag when scrolling. This could be me though.
Why won't it let me download videos? It dl then all as html files...
Facebook on it is very slow sometimes and a few other flaws in it. Overall good browser tho for the net.
The only browser I use anymore. Just needs the address bar to hide when you scroll down and it'll be worth 5 stars.
It's been a while since we had an update. I noticed that facebook's mobile site won't load the notification bar properly on this browser anymore. We need this app to freshen up. I like Dolphin HD's color scheme and look. Can we get something like that?
Great  application
I like this version better than the regular DB but I'm still waiting on a widget for bookmark shortcuts on Homescreen!! I'm two days away from uninstalling for the stock app! EVO 3D
I  tried HD , in comparison  Mini is faster,  uses less memory,  but  one misfortune  is no widget  for the bookmarks  which seems  to be available  with HD version.  Slightly disappointed  on that note.
Please add a "reopen last closed tab" button and a "keep list" for cookies that you don't want deleted during a data cleanup operation. Dolphin Mini - nxS4g  ** Show zoom button is activated under menu> toolbox> settings> [x]Show pinch-zoom button..   Change to desktop mode (or mobile) is activated under the menu> toolbox> [x]User Agent  (((best android browser right here)))
Since i find some sites are better with the desktop user agent and some others better with the android mode, i would like to see an option to pre-set my preference based on the specific site.
Also better than Opera. I wish new pages wouldn't open in new tabs.
Also better than Opera. I wish new pages wouldn't open in new tabs.
I have used the regular one and I am going to say this is perfect for the lg mutouch. Could be more appealing to sight....if that is not too much to ask for
Not missing anything from HD!
The ability to set the browser as a desktop, iOS, and Android is nice feature.  The fact that Google search is incorporated in the address bar. Therefore the user can enter an actual web site URL or a basic search.
I find this browser to be the best. It works very well. Give it a try and compare it to the others.
Is great the only thing is that when you try to close the previous tab if next tab is not fully loaded it will not close, it should close when you press the X
But why does it display poor-resolution PDFs in Google Docs? I have an Adobe reader for that!
Finally I can browse on my phone. Probly the software that works best on the entire OS lol. Ty :)
~HTC Hero.
Paling bagus
Mini gets the job done fast and smooth- HTC EVO 4gLte ROOTED (Sense 4.0/ICS) PreBeta V. 0.3.6
More convenient than Dolphin HD. Less customizable but does what it needs to.
Browsing on sites like fb is very slow bcuz of some of the desktop things it tries to bring!
Love it except when tabs won't close. I close them but when I come back to the app even a week later the tabs are all still open
I would really like to see a widget for this. Maybe a search widget similar to the Google search widget! Thanks
All the other browsers are jealous
Do to the Samsung Replenish being a sucky phone this app works hella good on it, Great Job way better than pre-installed browser!!
Do to the Samsung Replenish being a sucky phone this app works hella good on it, Great Job way better than pre-installed browser!!
Lightweight and faster than I have read, can't use a custom useragent yet so 4 stars.
E4GT. Its good except about twice a day I'll try to enter the browser and receive a white screen and my haptic buttons unresponsive for a few seconds until I manage to close out the app, restart it and then its back to normal. Please fix.
Amazing Just one suggestion; when Downloading stuff, we should be able to prioritize the items. If I'm downloading multiple items. It would be helpful
I like the fact its smaller, most likely uses less memory, but I prefer the hd version. Good for what it is, still better then my stock browser, faster too! Missing a star due to gestures not being as good, otherwise a great product.
Definitely my preferred browser. Wish you could move  forwards and backwards through the page history with a finger swipe left or right. SGS2
Fast
I like it. Thanks.
of speed, features UI, & app size I've seen in 3rd party browsers. Unless you need a specific plugin, Mini even beats its big brother, Dolphin HD.
Fast and reliable
sometimes crashes, but usually only with pages that have a lot going on, or if i have several tabs open. otherwise, dig it. (lg ally)
Fast and better than opera mini, but insane memory usage, typically 30-60 mb, please try to lower that!
This is the best browser I have used on my htc evo. I tried opera, firefox, and other versions of dolphin. This is the winner.
Long press>Open in background stopped working today. The stop button never worked, pages still load.
Long press>Open in background stopped working today. The stop button never worked, pages still load.
But private browsing and clearing at exit is not working.
Love it! Great!
Its "awasome and better than dolphin hd
Its "awasome and better than dolphin hd
Great little browser loads fast and clean...doesn't leave a big footprint in your phone either.
Needs find text on page function, and tab close boxes do not work reliably.
Great browser, however it does not prompt "open in market" for market links
The arrow keys from keyboards like Swype,  touchpal , ultra keyboard don't work.that's Annoying. Anyways, Rest is great - Xperia X8
Usability can be improved.
Very useful, I'm watching clips on YouTube using Dolphin. Good alternative for opera
Great , efficient, fast browser!
How do you set your home page
Excellent!
I like this browser more than other ones, but I've had it randomly crash in the middle of the text I'm reading! If you fix that  you get the 5th star.
Would have to be the fastest browser for my sgs1. Only dislike is the clear browser confirmation at exit which can't be toggled off.
Wish status bar could optionally be shown in full screen mode. Otherwise great.
not quite as minimal as I would like, but more convenient access to user agent and closing pages and exiting than the stock browser
Was working fine before. Now gmail page does not show up properly. Just a white blank page. Even after uninstalling apps.
Very good but I wish bookmarks could be stored in folders like with other browsers.
can't backup data, sync w/google bookmarks. prompt login fail. GS2
better than dolphin HD, no annoying side bar to get in the way of scrolling sideways and much faster loading
cant we crop part of the page ?!! not the whole page.. please upgrade
This app is great all it needs are themes like dolphin hd has so you could change the colors of the browser. I can't stand that green
Who's having trouble with the mobile Facebook. Like I have to switch to desktop or the page won't load. :/
Simple fast and works for me ... but need fix for can't scroling windows on windows in kaskus sites and another sites. Dolphin HD &Uc browser can
Has everything HD w/best addins built in, all around great. Bookmark sync in data doesn't work but u can just use built in gservices!!
Won't let me upload pics to walls on Facebook, which is why i downloaded it to begin with. But it lets you cache data to the SD card.
Much better than SkyFire. It's very intuitive to use and fast. Simple UI for easy surfing.  Photon 4G
Better than the galaxy i tab browser bcos it has an exit and its clean and tidy
Best android browser ever (for low device - I'm using HTC Aria, been left behind nowadays) ;-)
Favorite browser yet Was using dolphin hd switching to this was a no brainer for me
much better than opera.....
awsm!!!
Wont sync with google bookmarks on epic touch for sprint. Fix that and you've got a 5 star browser.
Light simple and fast, better than most browsers.
Nice browser but would like 3 additions. 1. Allow me to set home page 2. Always keep gesture button on screen. Having it disappear means an additional screen touch. 3. Dedicated home button.	I like the menu and style of this browser over dolphin HD but would really like those options available.
I like this browser better than the pre -installed
Works great. Sites load quickly. Would like to see an option to change the color.
But doesn't show .gif images! Please fix!
But doesn't show .gif images! Please fix!
But doesn't show .gif images! Please fix!
Better than firefox, sadly
Any suggestions guys I got dolphin HD and mini at my nexus s I am fun of watching animes online which do you prefer for it HD or mini
Much better than I expected, especially considering how many more features it has than the stock browser.
Crashes on FB.. While updating status.. Needs an update
Even better than Skyfire. Videos when no flash for free. Name. DOLPHIN. THE UGLIEST NAME EVER.
this is by far the best nd most lightweight browser i hv used on my phone!
At the moment the best browser on the market for slower carriers such as MetroPCS. Full functionality like tabs and gestures, and video support.
PLEASE FIX THE TYPING ISSUE ASAP
Far better than built-in browser. Minus point: no bookmark folder/grouping. Runs very well on SGAce.
Perfect BUT Latest update seems the browser experiences more hang and freezes. Pls fix.
Lacking in some basic settings. Also annoyingly seems to prefer pulling up cached results instead of actually loading the site.
Lacking in some basic settings. Also annoyingly seems to prefer pulling up cached results instead of actually loading the site.
More fluid than Dolphin HD and a better alternative than other browsers, but desperately needs the search on page feature
Great browser. I just wish i could get a flash ad blocking plugin but hey this is a mini version. Color themes would be groovy too.
As it's older brother the Ram usage is it's culprit. Page rendering better than Opera though
Needs keep screen on setting
Colors! Wanna change the color.
Sometimes I am unable to scroll the page, but good browser
So not worth the smaller size. Never loads pages and crashes all the time.
My phone burst into flames after installing this...you've been warned!
The browser has been running quite smoothly since the last update. Thanks!
Closed tabs reopen again & again even after browser has been exited - have to manually close each tab to close. Has some scrolling issues as well
Updates making it better and better- OG droid
Good browser second only to the boat browser
If only it had plug in support.
If only it had plug in support.
I loved this app on my backflip but it doesn't seem to run as well on my atrix
I have been using DBHd on my tbolt and thought I'd try out mini. I really think I like it more. Super light, fast, responsive ... Just give it a try.
Runs two to three times slower than my stock browser. Pretty interface, but useless since it loads at the speed of slow. Galaxy S Captivate. Uninstall
opera mini is good, but dolphin browser mini is better.
It was perfect before the update. Now it stops loading pages and I have to restart my phone. Desktop site for facebook doesn't work. So much slower.
It is totally defective cos just after I install it my milestone was out of order
Works really good with my Android.
I really love this browser but have 1 thing that I desperately want to be fixed. If I leave the app for a few minutes and return, it reloads the web page that I was on. That's really annoying. Please fix this issue so that the existing page stays loaded. One other slightly annoying thing is that when I leave the app for a while longer and return, it loads the same page in a 2nd tab so I end up with 2 tabs of the same page. Once these issues are fixed it will be perfect! I have an EVO Shift.
Use to love this application but recently the update keeps making it crashes.
Needs folders for bookmarks. Otherwise great.
An option to alphabetize bookmarks would be nice. I liked the old icon the new one sucks.
Lovely for browsing..but is there flash support like skyfire?? I can't access videos on metacafe..plz help
Galaxy S gingerbread stock browser is better. So is opera. In this scrolling and pinch to zoom isn't smooth.
Wish "Find on page" wasn't only accessible through gestures.
It's kind of weird that old tabs I closed reappears without fail. I don't like that.
Better than Skyfire and the rest of browsers I love the copy paste option, also gesture option super functional :)
good browser but everytime I close all the tabs they open again next time I open the browser
good browser but everytime I close all the tabs they open again next time I open the browser
good browser but everytime I close all the tabs they open again next time I open the browser
Best Android browser imho. Would be awesome to be able to set a web site to default to a respective User Agent.
Been using it forever. I've tried other browsers, but always end up back here. Will give 5 stars when full screen doesn't cover up notification bar.
I hate that the update forces text reflow on pinch zooming!!! How do I rollback?!
Force closes often. Better than standard browser.
Best use for dumping the Browser app.
Please fix the brightness setting so it remembers between sessions, and add a way to search for text on a page. Otherwise, great browser.
Mini is back!!! Wooo! Love this, use it daily, thank you for resuming development. HTC Legend
BEST BROWSER EVER! Has everything including flash, javascript and PRIVATE BROWSING! No more worries about saving bank info. Very fast Droid incredible
My browser closes every time I tried to switch to Desktop Facebook site. Same experience with some sites priviewed in desktop mode. Dell Streak
Mini has replaced HD for me. Really liking the new icon. Evo 3D
One of the best browsers on the market, much better than stock browser
Was working great on Droid X Cyanogenmod 7 Nightlies until a day or two ago. Pressing the menu button now crashes the app. EDIT: Fixed.
Just got done installing the update version, & it seems 2 B pretty fast. Still IDK yet ? Wii shall C
Have stopped using recently as too many things don't flow smoothly. Also I really want text reflow to work when you zoom in not just double tap
Keeps opening previously closed windows when I opened the application. Please fix.
A little faster than factory browser, but won't allow me to set my own homepage.
A little faster than factory browser, but won't allow me to set my own homepage.
Insanely fast ... Would love to see more options such as disable long touch menu and more speed improvements. Beats Dolphin HD hands down
I've had this for months. Used to be really fast but has dramatically slowed down recently on xperia x10. Uninstalling :-/
Used to work perfectly until I got the gingerbread update, now select text doesn't work at all.
Best Browser out there!
like pdf viewer feature, i could view pdf, ppt, doc online but not to download firstly. Great job!
Even if I overclock fully it's not nearly as fast as opera mini when underclocked
Intuitive, blazing fast and stable. After 5 years, I finally have a reason to ditch Opera Mini. Great job guys!
Superbly designed for speed; leaves the stock Droid browser in the dust in so many ways. (And there's not even a locked down Verizon bookmark).
Used to work great, but after some time it began to corrupt my SD card when I closed the application. I had Dolphin Mini store cache on SD card.
Liked it but I wish the themes and widgets worked with it! How come its larger than hd?
Liked it but I wish the themes and widgets worked with it! How come its larger than hd?
Very good but the top address bar and tab bar should hide itself when you scroll down. Right now, it takes up lots of real estate
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
no problems yet. love tabs and like the enhanced privacy.
Excellent Browser. I reccomend that you downoad the mini and the regular dolphin browser...both are good but jury is out on which is superior.
Excellent Browser. I reccomend that you downoad the mini and the regular dolphin browser...both are good but jury is out on which is superior.
Installed fine, but will not work through the phones WiFi connection, seems to only work through mobile connection.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Much better than stock or Opera. I keep having a problem with it opening the last page i viewed in a new tab over and over.
If I could enable it to hide the address bar like the stock browser and add a second page of quick links it would be perfect. Props.
Great app. I only wish the pinch zoom was a bit smoother and url bar had autohide. Great otherwise!! Droid Eris.
About the only browser I use. Could u plz make private browsing so that when the browser is closed, the cookies aren't saved? Like on the PC..
I love how the images appear in this browser... It's just a bit slow when loading.
I love the simplicity and the ability to always see tabbed browsing up top. Would be perfect with LastPass and themes.
Good. But it often crashes; this is a major issue to me.No new search engines can be added; it can be done in opera. Galaxy.
Very slow on loading pages. Some pages won't even load. Have to use Opera now. It's ugly, but it loads webpages. Dolphin doesn't any more.
Very slow on loading pages. Some pages won't even load. Have to use Opera now. It's ugly, but it loads webpages. Dolphin doesn't any more.
This browser is SOOO much better than the regular DolphinHD. Developers -incorporate the color themes & you get 5 stars. Samsung Captivate Froyo
This browser is SOOO much better than the regular DolphinHD. Developers -incorporate the color themes & you get 5 stars. Samsung Captivate Froyo
This browser is SOOO much better than the regular DolphinHD. Developers -incorporate the color themes & you get 5 stars. Samsung Captivate Froyo
Watch dog doesn't like this app, alerts me even when I'm not using it - Samsung Galaxy S | Froyo v2.2 | Not much better than the stock browser.
Throw out Opera, Skyfire and the **** stock browser, This is da one and only!
Throw out Opera, Skyfire and the **** stock browser, This is da one and only!
Throw out Opera, Skyfire and the **** stock browser, This is da one and only!
It's very fast and has many features, but after the latest updates the HD browser runs very smoothly as well, so I stay with it.
Nice browser but it needs to have a feature that allows you to block or allow pop ups.
Nice browser but it needs to have a feature that allows you to block or allow pop ups.
It is really useful. I love it! Thank you soooo much for an excellence device
Fast but opera mini is faster.. However this one wins because it supports flash Galaxy S 4g Froyo
Awesome web browser. I love the extra features. Doesn't quite work as fast as Opera mini. Still is a speedy web browser. Depends on device. G1
Its worked great for me. Way faster than default internet app. Super clean and easy to use too.
It's good, but almost always fails in downloading torrent files... Check KickassTorrents. Files can't be opened with a torrent client...
This is by far my favorite browser, would be five stars if it wasn't such a battery drain.
Awesome, used this for five minutes and see the difference already. Uninstalling the regular Dolphin Browser now
Very much slower then opera mini.....nice user interface bt less speedy den opera mini..
Works pretty good and fast. Just seems to kill my battery. Using as default now with launcher7
Works pretty good and fast. Just seems to kill my battery. Using as default now with launcher7
Works pretty good and fast. Just seems to kill my battery. Using as default now with launcher7
Works pretty good and fast. Just seems to kill my battery. Using as default now with launcher7
Seems nice,had to switch from HD. as it was constantly freezing and unwieldy. Anyway to transfer my bookmarks? Where's speedial?
Doesn't support flext9 keyboard, so despite how good it is, it's unusable with flext9
I started w/ Dolph hd then went to mini. Mini is the best! clean UI and unlimited tabs. Excellent customer support as well
Better than opera mini.tried both usability wise and performance this is the best...just try gmail in opera mini and same in dolphin mini u wil find..
Really great app, it works great and it has tabs and lot of options! Sometimes it crashes but still very fast.
Faster and smother than others, love it. Still, need larger X's on tabs, skins/colors and function to add favorites from bookmarks! Thanks!
I have ssame issue with the keyboard when posting comments on fb. Other than that, I am loving this broswer. Evo
Absolutly love it. I should have downloaded this months ago. Dont mind the colors at all, keep it simple and fast!
I'd really like the tab and address bar to move up and hide like in Dolphin Browser HD. That's the only reason I don't use this browser anymore.
I really like it but it I have to constantly keep settingit as my default.
We choose this over HD because Mini is faster, smaller in size and has the opera dial allowing easy access to our favorite sites.
Better than opera! Would have given 5 if it started displaying pages as it downloaded, and not after it has completed downloading fully!
Better than opera! Would have given 5 if it started displaying pages as it downloaded, and not after it has completed downloading fully!
Text doesn't automatically reflow when zooming in which makes it difficult to read text. Otherwise would be excellent.
The tabs make this my favorite browser but often pages hang while loading and fail to display anything.
Very fast. Is it me or can you not pinch zoom on Facebook? I'm using T-mobile g2x
I'm impressed... lightweight but so powerful. Oh.. and it actually has an exit button!
Best browser I've found so far. Almost no problems. Only gripe is obnoxious back and forward buttons popping up constantly. Give option to disable!
Awesome browser. Need to add smart full screen like miren browser. More themes built into browser. For us themers.
Awesome browser. Need to add smart full screen like miren browser. More themes built into browser. For us themers.
Nice browser, just wish it let you share links as easily as my old one did.
Love the browser, been using for a long time. Just moved to the galaxy s2 though and now every time of turn off automatic brightness, it turns back on
Love the browser, been using for a long time. Just moved to the galaxy s2 though and now every time of turn off automatic brightness, it turns back on
Love the browser, been using for a long time. Just moved to the galaxy s2 though and now every time of turn off automatic brightness, it turns back on
EVERYTHING takes forever to load, and never finishes doing so! Dolphin HD is SO much better, but takes up too much space, so I'm forced to use this.
Address bar should scroll along with the page. And confirm on exit does not turn off!
Address bar should scroll along with the page. And confirm on exit does not turn off!
Very good. The only problem is that pages take too long to load, much more than the default browser.
looks like chrome i love it. not as fast as opera but i think the UI makes up for it.
This is a good browser. Some great features - but faster than opera? Nowhere near I'm afraid
This is a good browser. Some great features - but faster than opera? Nowhere near I'm afraid
Switched to this from dolphinHD which has become a barely usable mess.Like the clean look & speed..hope it don't end up like it's crippled relative
It will occasionally crash when I go back in when there are two or more tabs with flash running. Not sure if that's flash or the browser.
Just forget abt opera mini. Which their speed r slowest. dhophin mini r the best browser for nw
Definately the best browser. it would be perfect if you could change the colour scheme from green. Please leave a comment if you agree.
One drawback. The " close tab" cross is really small, and it is very hard to close a tab. Otherwise great. Like it better than HD version.
would love this so much more if the theme was a neutral color (gray, white or black). This green is horrid.
dolphin mini is personally my favourite because it has a lot of features that i want like setting as wallpaper, screen gestures, able to clear cache, history and what not upon exit, and it doesn't drain the battery and it actually gives you the exit option, allowing the app to quit and not hog the cpu/memory in the backgrd could work with just screen capping a portion of the screen instead of the whole webpage. could also work on the bookmarks being stored on sd or something. closing of tab is not sensitiv
dolphin mini is personally my favourite because it has a lot of features that i want like setting as wallpaper, screen gestures, able to clear cache, history and what not upon exit, and it doesn't drain the battery and it actually gives you the exit option, allowing the app to quit and not hog the cpu/memory in the backgrd could work with just screen capping a portion of the screen instead of the whole webpage. could also work on the bookmarks being stored on sd or something. closing of tab is not sensitiv
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
Lags a lot and takes longer than stock browser to load pages. Interface and tabs are great but uninstalling. Will try again later (SGS Captivate)
Lags a lot and takes longer than stock browser to load pages. Interface and tabs are great but uninstalling. Will try again later (SGS Captivate)
Nice browser but so slow it is unusable, seriously this has to be the slowest browser in existence, phone went to sleep waiting for it to render page.
4* For minor bugs (auto closes multiple tabs ) otherwise my browser of choice. Fastest so far except opera beta
4* For minor bugs (auto closes multiple tabs ) otherwise my browser of choice. Fastest so far except opera beta
Fast, powerful, and responsive - but sometimes stops loading all pages until restarted
Its not perfect but it's very user-friendly, lightweight and a fun browser to use.
Clean,light,airy, superior to fussy thick heavy,feel like i'm swimming in treacle dolphin HD.
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
Used to be slim and simple. Too much garbage and no options to turn all the crap off.
Used to be slim and simple. Too much garbage and no options to turn all the crap off.
id like the url bar to disappear- it takes up too much space, also I wish that wen I close the browser, that it'd save the tabs its really a pain
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
Alters ur ability to manage in apps Can't delete data Needs my location Why? UnInstalled
Droid x, like it. Default browser faulty so Ive tried a few, this is my fav so far.
Droid x, like it. Default browser faulty so Ive tried a few, this is my fav so far.
Droid x, like it. Default browser faulty so Ive tried a few, this is my fav so far.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
Great browser! Fast and stable! (Droid 2.3) But, could really use an overhaul on aesthetics. Let us change/disable the tab bar, back button, color.
Keeps sending me error messages and I heard back from thier tech support that it cannot be set as the default browser uninstalling into that fixed
Of all of the browsers this is by far my favorite! Great interface on the motorola atrix!
Best browser of you want best memory usage and fast response. Beds better handling of Flash for 5 stars
Best browser of you want best memory usage and fast response. Beds better handling of Flash for 5 stars
It's faster than some, but without the ability to copy-paste its a major failure. Back to the market I go for an alternative.
Little better interface than HD but lack the Home button, lack swipe left for bookmarks (really convienent feature), and can't change homepage :(
This is the best 3rd party browser. But i still think the default android browser is faster.
Good, not great. Some downloads don't work. Needs tab thumbnails, long click link options. I am tapping too many things to get through all the menus
Love the speed. Just wish I knew how to make my phone run faster. It is somtime slow at times.
Love the speed. Just wish I knew how to make my phone run faster. It is somtime slow at times.
Love this browser, but wished it included the ability to swipe right to show bookmarks like HD version.
Better then its predecessor in speed and ease of use. Like more than xscope and Miriam browsers too, keep coming back.
How do you find text in a webpage? I looked at all options... can't see it. Other than that, good browser.
Very nice controls and features. By far my favorite browser. However, it uses CPU time when running in background with a web page open.
nice, except for the always present url/tab bar. Needs to disapear with scroll as hd and stock
I used to love previous versions. But now it doesnt work. I doesnt load https (note the 's') pages. Please fix. Previosuly I'd say it was best browser
Used it. Definitely fast, but I switched to Miren for flash support and its less clunky looking.
It was alright but I still like the plain ol stock browser better (also no copy/paste or share page feature was a deal breaker for me) .. removed it
Great except after closing tab then leaving browser, come back and those tabs load again. Have to exit and clear history to kill those tabs.
Love this browser but need share function so i can use with "read it later" app
Love this browser but need share function so i can use with "read it later" app
Love this browser but need share function so i can use with "read it later" app
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Fast, good but why no sync bookmarks without dl'ing regular dolphin? Mt4g. Flash works 95% of time on fb, 100% everywhere else
I truely did not think a mobile wrb browser could be this fast and responsive! Its way better than the HD version!
Keeps resetting itself, freezing, forces close. Has trouble fully loading pages. LG Optimus
Keeps resetting itself, freezing, forces close. Has trouble fully loading pages. LG Optimus
Pretty good but doesn't really justify switching from the stock browser. Streak running 2.2.
Lightweight, fast, does tabs. No problems at all. I don't need much more than that! LG Optimus S
Every single app u download leaves behind files. So without rootaccess over time you phone will slow down horribly. So every browser will be slow.
Love it but uninstalled it because Opera 11 came out and its way better. Only prob w/ dolphin was it didn't allow me to copy and paste. HTC EVO
Speed dial is now set as homepage and very easy to edit, awesome!! I like the idea to open link as new tab or open tab in background.
Love it. Very easy to use, I swore that it was a mobile version of google chrome.
Just like desktop browser. Innovative but the speed is volatile. Opera mini still the fastest.
Fast browser. Bookmark import and sync appreciated. Tabbed interface works great. After trying most out there, this is the one I use the most.
Nice. Turns most pages 'mobile friendly'. Easy UI, quick data clean up and private browsing option a nice nugget.
Nice. Turns most pages 'mobile friendly'. Easy UI, quick data clean up and private browsing option a nice nugget.
Great in its minimalism & fast, yet still supports gestures & pages don't seem to be missing anything. Icon needs to be more diff from HD tho.
The only thing I would change is the size of the upper bar, because it is way too big.
It looks and feels better than opera imo. But is generally not as fast. The speed is inconsistent. Sometimes slows down to a crawl on my Desire HD
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Browsing the net is fast, but slow when loading videos , buffing time for videos takes longer then your stock browser. Rooted HTC EVO .
I like it, but its missing a few key features that Opera Mini has. Great UI, great tab integration, but just not for me. :)
Great program the only problem is that whenever i install the update it always crashes besides that it's great
Quick, light, and renders pages well. When it comes to a mobile browser, you rarely need more. This handles multi-touch pinch/zoom well, as well as arranging site text to be readable without having to horizontal scroll. Very nice.
Love the browser and features, but needs long touch copy/paste support and import bookmarks from default- 5 stars for that. MyTouch Slide
Great fast browser, but the "confirm upon exit" setting does not stop the confirmation window from popping up.
Very, very good. I miss the add ons, but all in all I really like this app and the UI is very good. 5th star for add ons
Very, very good. I miss the add ons, but all in all I really like this app and the UI is very good. 5th star for add ons
Very, very good. I miss the add ons, but all in all I really like this app and the UI is very good. 5th star for add ons
This one bloody cool... faster.. great ui.. as fast as xscope.. n competition to its Hd version
Awesome browser, but why oh why does it keep loading an old google search page every time I open it.
The best browser, however sometimes web pages won't finish loading, get stuck at about 1/2 or 3/4 progress and it stops. Have to relaunch browser.
I like this better than Opera. Miren, or even the other Dolphin versions. Love gestures.
I like this better than Opera. Miren, or even the other Dolphin versions. Love gestures.
Very good browser. I uninstalled in favor of xScope which does a superior job with tabbed browsing. Droid Pro.
Noticeably slower than Android's stock browser (Galaxy S Froyo). Tabbed browsing really can't make up for that. Also, the green UI is rather ugly.
Enjoying the browser, but wish it wouldn't reopen tabs that have been previously closed upon exiting. Any ideas?
Not bad. Full screen was useful. The app does not show up on the Active Application widget (number is one digit higher, but no name... Galaxy S).
Really fed up with how if you follow a link from twitter or email it opens a half dozen tabs or more that you keep closing.
Much faster and cleaner than Dolphin HD. Lacks extension support, but I much prefer it. This is the best Android browser for me
Its not as fast as the stock browser but it is nicer to use. Still no Flash either so not entirely worth me keeping it.
Just awesome! Why use up space with Dolphin HS when you can have this little jewel and save a lot of space.
Wish i could ditch the green ui. Otherwise the best browser ive used. Droid 2
I love this browser. I ran various betas and recently updated to 2.0. Dev says Mini has a new settings GUI, but I see the same old clunky one. The new UI looks great in the image below, but it's not in Mini 2.0! I even uninstalled, wiped data and reinstalled, but no,same old settings UI. I took off one point for the dev announcing availability with wrong links days before it was available here on the Market, and for not including the new settings UI as advertised. Otherwise, great browser.
A great browser. It's almost as fast as opera mini but the fact that it loads pages that opera scrambles makes the minor difference in speed worth it.
A really fast and great browser. 5 stars if i can select text by long pressing the screen. HTC desire
A really fast and great browser. 5 stars if i can select text by long pressing the screen. HTC desire
Everything about this app is great; HOWEVER, it would be really great if it included web history, so you could go back to a page you visited earlier.
Miren just added cache to sd. No longer do i have to use this dolphin junk
Miren just added cache to sd. No longer do i have to use this dolphin junk
It's fast, clean and easy to use. Dolphin hd is too complicated. Though flash support would be nice.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Not bad. A definite improvement over the stock browser. Though if your phone can handle it, I suggest dolphin hd...slicker with awesome addons
Far better than the native Android browser. Great features. The gestures work well.
This is the first Android browser which really understands the needs of the small screen. Runs full screen, identifies mobile pages, has built in screen cut, quick dial, gestures, tap to enlarge page and pretty well nothing gets in the way. Most of the time it is fast though it does have a bit of a bottleneck loading the last bit of some pages. The somewhat similar Opera Mini is OK but doesn't manage m pages (mobile sites) nearly as well and really that goes to the heart of the experience.
Fast, nice, but srly bookmarks from still installed dolphin HD don't transfer over!? C'mon that's by far the dumbest s*!t I've seen this week....
Fast, nice, but srly bookmarks from still installed dolphin HD don't transfer over!? C'mon that's by far the dumbest s*!t I've seen this week....
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Best browser on the market, faster than the HD version. Clean UI and very user friendly.
Fast and lightweight. It'd be better if the url and tab bar wouldn't consume that much space. It also lacks fullscreen mode.
After the last updates it has been significantly slower. It stalls while loading quite often even my wifi connection is good.
After the last updates it has been significantly slower. It stalls while loading quite often even my wifi connection is good.
After the last updates it has been significantly slower. It stalls while loading quite often even my wifi connection is good.
Overall very fast and smooth. I use it 90% of the time. On pages with lot of images scrolling is not very smooth. Desire 2.3@1190 MHz
Great browser. Please add desktop toggle to gesture controls. Its the only thing missing
Mtv shows still won't work and neither does south park studios. Thats the only reason why I dl.this app and it doesn't work!
It's a great browser. Very smooth and good looking. Annoying issue, tabs and webpages down close even after I exit,clear cache and delete history
I'd give it a 5 it the flash actually worked fully...just watched a video...worked fine....but tried the IM on Facebook...won't work.....Evo
This is the best mobile browser yet! Should be stock. Fast, small footprint, speed dials. Not sure what else it needs?
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Great app, fast and smooth. Like it better than opera. Works great on HTC Hero
UI needs improvement for large screens. Minor bugs. Clicking on links/suggests is not accurate.
The best browser ever. Very stable and doesnt freeze. Faster compared to opera mini, mozilla and other browsers in the market. Thanks to this great ap
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
when I am on google and the suggestion box drops down, it ether selects the suggestion above intended or the link behind the suggestion. Incredible.
Love this browser..works fast and flawflawlessly. If you can just add a homepage it will be a 5 star. HTC EVO
Works well, but will open tabs all by itself. Don't bother sending e-mails, the devs think you're too dumb to use it right.
Slim and fast. But have to go through set up procedure everytime I start the browser. (Galaxy S)
I just installed the mini version and am already impressed with the UI and quickness of the app.
I can't believe I stayed with Opera Mini for so long this is so much better. The best browser of the 12 I have run
Seems awesome. I really think that it would be my new fave browser, but the pinch zoom does not work on nookcolor.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
so much better than dolphin hd for galaxy tab.. mini runs so much faster in rendering n scrolling site :)
Best browser I've used except I'm always hitting the back/forward keys by accident. Need an option to move them or turn them off.
Outstanding browser, just needs an address bar that scrolls with the page...please add this function!
Wow nice! Best browser so far. One suggestion: it would be nice to turn off the back/forward buttons.
This browser certainly lives up to its slogan for being "Fast & Simple". Aside from this, the amount of memory it uses is only 1.76MB!
The gold standard for android browsers. Fast, lightweight, and easy to use. Thanks Dolphin team!
The gold standard for android browsers. Fast, lightweight, and easy to use. Thanks Dolphin team!
Great little browser. Prefer this to Dolphin Hd. GUI much cleaner and less gaudy. Well done Dolphin team !!
Prefer this to the stock browser and well worth a download! Maybe the Speed Dial could do with a rework to make it more pleasing to the eye?
Prefer this to the stock browser and well worth a download! Maybe the Speed Dial could do with a rework to make it more pleasing to the eye?
In-browser video playback is awesome, smoother than HD for sure. But I kind still prefer HD over it. HD feels more robust to me.
there its an extremely annoying issue in which any search box won't work, including google.. so frustrating I'm uninstalling. :/
Great cut/paste though markers hard to use @ screen edges. Wish list? -save pages off-line, variable page zoom & ability to group bookmarks.
Great browser it replaced HD for me. My only thing is it doesn't actually clear caches on exit. Fix for 5*
None of the dolphin browsers have a padlock anywhere to signify its a secured browser. Noticed a bug with a the keyboard. Everything else is ok.
Nice browser. I like it over stock, but don't like the green theme. Wish I could change the menu color or black to match 2.3 menu scheme.
Very nice love it and its great that you can put on the memory card
Pretty fast and clean. But takes time to find out features such as copy & paste.
FAST but Xscope 6 is FASTER! Xscope is way faster on the Sunspider test than any other browser out there. Fact.
HTC EVO cannot zoom in and reallign words to page. All cache and history will not auto delete. FAST though. Dolphin HD still works on the other two.
superb buut: please remove the back button in the bottom left corner. and it does not delete the history on exit..
The browser is GREAT. Love it! Only problem is that the tool bar at the top takes up way too much room. Fix that and this browser is nearly perfect.
The browser is GREAT. Love it! Only problem is that the tool bar at the top takes up way too much room. Fix that and this browser is nearly perfect.
What a huge improvement over the stock browser! Fell in love with it in just a couple minutes :)
What a huge improvement over the stock browser! Fell in love with it in just a couple minutes :)
Great UI and runs well on my G1. UI is much better than the standard Dolphin Browser
Good browser. Twitter in dolphin is better than their app. So is Gmail. However, Opera Mini is still much faster on my phone. Captivate
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
Really!? Permission needs to prevent my phone from sleeping ..... not updating for that!
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Best browser for Android handsdown! A big thanks to the devs for keeping this free!
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
Fast and light, with loads of decent features. Would be good if it had a recently closed tabs option. Hero 2.2
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
The best of Miren Browser combined with the best of Dolphin. Easily a leap ahead of any browser on the market.
Get rid of the constant asking if I want to clear cache or cookies before I can close. If I want to clear the cache I will go into the menu and do it.
Great browser. Gave it four out of five simply because it helps motivate the devs. Always keep them on their toes! ;D
My favorite Android browser at the moment. Fast ! One serious annoyance - you can't disable the confirm exit dialog when leaving via the back button
Better than Dolphin HD. Devs please continue what you are doing. Loving the UI and general tweaks. :D
Better than Dolphin HD. Devs please continue what you are doing. Loving the UI and general tweaks. :D
Better than dolphin HD, Firefox beta, opera mobile and mini, and the stock android. Excellent.
Concept and looks are far better than opera.. But very slow.. Speed is wat it all boils down too.. Dolphin has got the muscle But not the speed..! :-(
Concept and looks are far better than opera.. But very slow.. Speed is wat it all boils down too.. Dolphin has got the muscle But not the speed..! :-(
A cool browser the thing i liked ws th ui I wl gv it 5 if i gt new themes
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Just an update or two away from perfection. No more options/settings. Just tweak the speed/efficiency.
Great browser not faster than the stock but it makes it up with the best U.I google should take some notes for their next browser
Smooth. In fullscreen mode of dolphinHD, tab and location bar are shown but disappears as you scroll down. Wish dolphinMini had that too (very handy).
Great app, only thing is I can't get rid of the exit notification window. It really stops my from switching apps at the speed im used to
elegantly nice & simple overall, but why the Back button won't just return to the previous app?
Some good features but found a bug. Would not open a page as I hazily recall. Uninstlling mini to ease use of basic browser.
Still a problem with a few text field and some music players, like soundcloud. HTC desire
Excellent! Runs great on my Ally! So much faster than the stock browser. Love it.
Love it, only thing I would like is the option to copy and paste text.
I really like layout and features, only complaint pages take long time to load vs my default browser
Its alright but i like the regular dolphin browser homepage better or at least make the option to pick your home page
It's pretty cool but REALLY slow and laggy lately. Opera Mini is sooooooooooo much faster
AWESOME browser! I like everything about it but *I hate the green color... *and the option to exit or minimize the browser is annoying..
Just hate that Like on dolphin HD u can double tap a vid to get it bigger. Which u can't do on mini. And hate that u can't homepage...
opera mini compresses the web pages nearly by 90%!...that's why it is always the best where only low data transmission is available...no comparison...
This browser is great for my wildfire as the default zoom level looks good on the qvga screen where the stock browser is either too close or too far.
This browser is great for my wildfire as the default zoom level looks good on the qvga screen where the stock browser is either too close or too far.
I used to use Dolphin Browser HD, I switched to this because of the better UI, you should update the HD :)
It really sucks at displaying txt-files, and it is tricky to close tabs next to other tabs. Otherwise it works well. HTC Legend 2.2.
Definitly more user friendly than HD. Even though not perfect, the best browser I could find so far for android. Force closes during zoom in rarely.
Good browser, It's fast and shows webpages properly. I only miss a smart full screen mode.
Totally one of the best mobile browser. Video plugins is a 'must have'. HTC desire
Wow, very fast and responsive. Exceeded expectations. Fyi, additional options such as text selection are on the left the menu expand button
I don't like how it creates another tab of one I already have open when I reopen the app Epic 4G
I don't like how it creates another tab of one I already have open when I reopen the app Epic 4G
Great browser, but please add option to turn off exit window thingy when backing out.
Replace my default browser, gesture works great, one thing should improve is text re-adjust/reflow when pinch-zooming. (froyo 2.2 on WVGA)
Excellent clean looking browser. Very fast too. With many fantastic features. (N1 cyanogen 6.1.1)
Good, but needs a video player like skyfire has so 2.1 users can watch flash
Good, but needs a video player like skyfire has so 2.1 users can watch flash
It's as fast as built in browser loads faster too unlike firefox or Dolphin HD.
It's as fast as built in browser loads faster too unlike firefox or Dolphin HD.
why is it so slow?? i love the functionality and all, but the stock browser is way faster. ill keep it for now. hope it improves even more. captivate
Its a good browser. Why is it so slow, stock browser works better on my fascinate. Keep at it has potential
I like the HD's quick access to the bookmark option. If mini can have something similar
Very nice but regular sites always load zoomed in. Would like to set default zoom to page width. Any chance of this?
Very nice but regular sites always load zoomed in. Would like to set default zoom to page width. Any chance of this?
The best for my rooted EVO. I keep coming back. 5 stars when optional text flow added. Still love that feature of HTC browser.
The best for my rooted EVO. I keep coming back. 5 stars when optional text flow added. Still love that feature of HTC browser.
The best for my rooted EVO. I keep coming back. 5 stars when optional text flow added. Still love that feature of HTC browser.
Mini rocks-super fast..bye bye dolphin & hello dolphin mini A+++ HTCMagic/Mytouch 3g
Mini rocks-super fast..bye bye dolphin & hello dolphin mini A+++ HTCMagic/Mytouch 3g
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Loving it! Fast, sturdy, and supports allot better then other browsers including opera.
Loving it! Fast, sturdy, and supports allot better then other browsers including opera.
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
Super smooth. Speed dial on strat page is great. App2sd even better!! 4 star since i cant transfer bookmark from dolphin HD. Great browser!!! N1 2.2+
Wish I could give it more than 5 stars!! Dev actually added my suggestion. Great job! My #1 browser now.
Better than dolphin hd. Only real issue for me is no add-ons and less bookmark options. Much better than opera mini.
The Dolphin browsers are very good indeed. Not quite perfect but oh so close. HTC Desire.
The Dolphin browsers are very good indeed. Not quite perfect but oh so close. HTC Desire.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
About to give 5 stars but there isn't any option allowing disable gesture or zooming tab. Consider abt it. 3 stars. Wildfire 2.2 froyo
It does the job. Would be cool to have smart full screen like xscope and be able to change colors. I dont like green.
It does the job. Would be cool to have smart full screen like xscope and be able to change colors. I dont like green.
It does the job. Would be cool to have smart full screen like xscope and be able to change colors. I dont like green.
Excellent. Super fast, would be five star but there are some issues about the sensitivity of pinching to zoom. Could ne better than the dolphin HD.
Initially impressed with UI and fast browsing but after couple time, it really slower than built-in browser. 2 star is for the NICE UI and feature.
Faster and sleeker than dolphin HD, even on Droid x. Flash crashes browser to often though!!!! Fix!!!!
A little slower than stock, but offers a lot of cool and useful features and has an intuitive UI.
Very good browser something's missing i can't quite seem to put my finger on it but it's not bad in any way. Highly recommended
Great improvement over Dolphin HD. Needs an option to disable back button exit confirmation. That is very un-android like behavior!
Great for movie downloads fast and no interuption fast data .the bad no zoom in .works for youtube
Wow, much better than HD keep it up! Screen lock is like a gift from god.
Simple browser with some good features. Would give five stars if location based features worked in the browser. Otherwise great.
Simple browser with some good features. Would give five stars if location based features worked in the browser. Otherwise great.
Love the browser. I give it a 4 because the notification bar isn't accessible (while in full screen) anymore after the update. Droid1
I like it a lot, but it seems to be a bit slower than HD.
Love the mini version, very fast. Would like the websites to load at minimum zoom though. Having them zoomed in by default is annoying. Option?
Not as fast as Opera Mini, but at least renders pages correctly. Almost as good as stock.
Doesn't work good, but great on Archos 101. The HD version is very slow on this device, but the Mini version is fast and convenient
Doesn't work good, but great on Archos 101. The HD version is very slow on this device, but the Mini version is fast and convenient
Works great, but for full screen mode, please give an option to see notification bar, I want to be able to see the time while browsing
Works great, but for full screen mode, please give an option to see notification bar, I want to be able to see the time while browsing
It's nice, a cute lil baby dolphin browser if I favored the mobile browser experience, but I'll stick with the main dolphin HD, full pc experience
It's nice, a cute lil baby dolphin browser if I favored the mobile browser experience, but I'll stick with the main dolphin HD, full pc experience
It's nice, a cute lil baby dolphin browser if I favored the mobile browser experience, but I'll stick with the main dolphin HD, full pc experience
Nice browser but still needs a lot of work. Drained my battery from 100 to 94 in 2-3 minutes just from running in background.
Same memory usage as the stock browser, but it does have google bookmarks. Would be nice if ff sync could be implemented. :-)
I've now tried most of the browsers people were recommending for Android, and this is the daddy. Fast, responsive, and with the best UI. Nice one!
Great, just wish I could figure out how to add a bookmark to the home screen.
Still has a few bugs and not as fast as Dolphin HD,but has alot of potential and looking forward to its future. A password add-on would be awesome.
I really like it. Fast, simple and fully functional. I would like to have some default zoom options and be able to change the green header.
I love it! <3 Its simply the best. Feature I suggest is to save the pages in cache for instant back & forward of pages while surfing. Best of luck tou
The new additional tab bar in the menu is an unnecessary double ui but other than this small annoyance the browser's great
Love it! Seems to open and. Run a little fast than HD ...but please give us the option to share a web page!! Every browser offers that.
Not quite ready to replace HD as my main browser, but could do so with more tweaks. Definitely like the speed and smaller footprint.
Best browser in the market but doesnt win with galaxy s browser on jpy firmware
Best browser in the market but doesnt win with galaxy s browser on jpy firmware
So awesome but please add the option for me to sync with Last pass and xmarks :)
Tried every single browser out there. This one has best balance of speed, light footprint, and UI. DInc.
My only complaint is that the cache never clears and I have to do it manually
Works great! The only thing I don't like about it so far is every web page I open opens a new tab. That can get frustrating at times.
Awesome, altough needs option to use it without notification bar, but not in full screen mode.
Nice but there seems to be no way to set a home page! I would also like to be able to get rid of the awful pea green color.
Pls remove exit clear cache confirmation! That's absolutely essential. Text reflow and default long press action would make this browser awesome..
Great so far. Only gripe is the color... Also, I'd like if the logo was a little more distinct from Dolphin HD's. That'll help when switching tasks.
LOVE! Better than Opera (locks up), better than the HD version because of the speed and easy access to features.
Amazingly faster than HD. Nice UI. Only dislike is two clicks to exit, then clear cache/history. Small price to pay for the speed!
Hands down the best browser for motorola xt300.could alittle faster but still better than most
Not sure how to treat this. There are smaller and quicker browsers. Still Opera mini for me.
Not sure how to treat this. There are smaller and quicker browsers. Still Opera mini for me.
Pretty good. Nice clean feel and very snappy. Is a HUGE battery hog, even compared to dolphin HD.
Pretty good. Nice clean feel and very snappy. Is a HUGE battery hog, even compared to dolphin HD.
Bravo. better than HD quick, UI 200% improved. Green still? Lets go black, not go back, and see what else you can do! Droid X 2.2.1
Bravo. better than HD quick, UI 200% improved. Green still? Lets go black, not go back, and see what else you can do! Droid X 2.2.1
HTC Desire. Back to Dolphin HD. Mini is faster and leaner (memory). But do miss HD's full screen mode with auto hiding bars; especially in landscape.
Very good alternative to the stock WebKit browser, but uninstalling due to no text selection/copy.
Very good best of the dolphin browsers still deciding between this and xscope6 on my droid x xscope might be a little faster though...
Fast, small footprint, great with videos. please dnt add clutter, that's wut HD version is for lol. It does have fullscreen ur phone just sux- Evo 4G
Love the new look of the toolbars and the front page with bookmarks listed first
Really liking this so far. Could use better bookmark management (like the HD slide) and option to load screen in overview.
My only gripe is that it always asks me to confirm on closure. Very very annoying. Please make this optional like with HD.
Slower than dolphin hd and opera mini. Hate the fact that loads a new page zoomed in on a corner instead of letting me choose where i want to zoom in!
Nice Browser Ran Ok On SamsungMoment Running: inxane053 + 3.1.1 Sdx recovery + DJ07 Stock
Very fast. Pinch to zoom doesn't work in landscape. Full Dolphin HD would go to the previous app when pressing back after following a link. N1
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Ok, once I figured out how to get full screen and that cache on SD card doesn't work on first run, I am starting to see benefits over stock browser.
Definitely fast, but I'll stick with HD -It's much more robust and almost as fast on my device. However, If you have an old/slow phone GET THIS!
Definitely fast, but I'll stick with HD -It's much more robust and almost as fast on my device. However, If you have an old/slow phone GET THIS!
Fast. Love everything but need the tabs and such to move like they do in the be version and darker or custom UI's. Will default to it....
Freaking smooth! Def replaced miren and HD as main browser! Looking to final but beta looks good so far. Add desk/mob plugin!
Very fast just what I wanted. Need option to hide address bar and tabs while showing the tool bar. Love the light green color palette.
I really love the speed. One small thing that may keep me using HD is that JavaScript URLs do not work so LastPass bookmarklets fail.
I really love the speed. One small thing that may keep me using HD is that JavaScript URLs do not work so LastPass bookmarklets fail.
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
Initial excitement turned to disappointment. On a gsm connection which I have to suffer where I live this browser is slow compared to Opera mini.
Add startup zoom level and it will be the best browser. Current zoom level is not suitable for me. Thanks.
It was fast at first .but then it started to get slow and then stick plz fix .HTC tattoo 1. 6
This is what I like. Excellent light minimalist browser with just the right addition of functions. Not complicated. Very intuitive.
Pretty clean and fast; can't adjust flash plugin though? Miren still edges out slightly in terms of usability though
This is the best browser I have ever used..thanks a million..its damn fast and looks awesome..
,its good but I dont like how tha url locks on top makes tha screen small havin 2full screen everytime, an I prefer gesture lock screen like HD has,,
I love the look of the browser. I am missing the bookmarks sidebar. Replace the hd's skin with this one and we have a winner.
Fast, simple and always reliable. Much better than the original and beta versions.
Galaxy tab 6800
Perfect
When I try to select text it stops responding and quits Im using galaxy S3
Sep cooollll
Its best browser for Android
Awesome browser I like it because its fast and simple to use and lightweight on my phone
This is a nice, great, small and fast browser
Works
Packed with features equivalent to a desktop browser...
good fast
Fast
Nice to handle.good UI simply awesome..
Very usefull
Still my favorite android Browser. Tried Chrome, came back to this.
*****
Fluid.
Excellent
Great for everything.
just
The HD version caused my phone to lag, ran so slow and took a lot of memory but the mini version seems to fix all those problems and is A LOT FASTER! Love this browser!!! :D
I love this browser but iy keeps force closing ! :(
Its really fast, great, and it has an awesome style.Cause my favourite colour is green!
Great android browser
Better then others...
The best browser for devices under 4.0
Nic appppppp
Nic appppppp
Good job
Its a dinamic
Faster than Android default browser
Loads fast! :)
Excellent. Very fast
Dolphin browsers are by far the best available for android. Only issue I've had is scrolling. Its not smooth.  Maybe future updates will fix. "Hint hint devs "
Great...
Nice when you don't need too pull out the full browser
Nice when you don't need too pull out the full browser
Finally a good browser. And also we must save the dolphines from those japs
Finally a good browser. And also we must save the dolphines from those japs
Just go here to give it five star!
I am useing it and enjoying it but I have facing a problem. when you open websites pages you have to zoom for seeing the page so I want to see zoomed and fitted page according to my screen like opera mini and uc browser please do something thankyou
Great can browse non-mobile Bing maps UK now on my Moto Defy Mini
Great can browse non-mobile Bing maps UK now on my Moto Defy Mini
Seems ok but there's obviously a bug in the software that prevents it from syncing with google bookmarks. These days syncing browsers is standard, I've deleted the app on this basis.
Its good except sometimes when you close it down then reopen it your tabs have to load again
Love It. Loads fast very easy to use and easy to get to the browser settings. I use It on ALL my android devices.
The full HD browser hides a lot of options and stunts the functionality. You have to use gestures if you want to do anything. Here, its all accessible. Best browser I've used in my opinion.
Closes in the background sometimes unexpectedly. No plugins.
Closes in the background sometimes unexpectedly. No plugins.
Good...
Good...
This app is best for browsing in  android handset
Seems to be working great r
It is amazing how many browsers there are for the phone and how differently they all behave. This one was perfect for my limited needs. It will allow a page to run javascript in the background. Tab implementation is easy to use quickly. Gestures is such a great bonus!
I find when the keyboard for my phone pops up for me to begin typing text, that only when I have dolphin browser does it keep jumping to the top of the screen while I'm trying to input text or numerics. This aggravating due to not being able to see what I'm typing. My phone did not do this until I downloaded dolphin mini browser. I love the browser and its easy functions but this is making me seriously want to uninstall!!!! Please fix asap
All this browser needs is a way to replace the speed dail homepage with a homepage i chose...then it would be perfect
Does the job with out a lot of fuss. Simple but with a few helpful options, ie orientation lock, smart back/fwd buttons
I think this is the best browser for mobiles...
working awesome
How can I hide address bar?
Since I cannot install Firefox or Chrome on my Android 2.2 phone, I tried this instead and am thoroughly satisfied.
Since I cannot install Firefox or Chrome on my Android 2.2 phone, I tried this instead and am thoroughly satisfied.
Awesome app I just love it
Have tried many browsers. Clearly this the best of all.. loving it since I downloaded. But the only thing which irritates me is when I try to comment on a fb post, it will not recognize it as a textbox. How come the builders missed it as fb is a regular site that everybody visits.
Mast hai..
Exellent even better than hd
Good
Is a must have browser. When ever my standard browser or even my chrome fails this one gets it right.
best android browser!!! better than hd version for phones with average processors.
Thanx for support which is given by dolphine team. My both browser dolphin mini & hd working fine.
Woo
Good browser than others
You tube becomes faster when using dolphin browser on gt s p6200 samsung tab
pakkach ghochu
great
Best browser in this market
BEST MOBILE BROWSER I V EVER HAD B4
Prefer it over stock and the HD Version of dolphin. Easy to use. fast! Love it!
I love this browser. It is simple and precise. There is no performance issue for me
Great browser...fast and short...
simply superb eassy to work .
Small and fast, but without any compromises
Most intuitive. Easiest navigation. Full screen. Have experienced zombie tabs but still my fav browser.
Fast, smooth and clean :)
plz support themes,  got bored of that green but not at the cost of more ram bcuz if we had ram we wouldn't have been using mini Suggestions : download resume
plz support themes,  got bored of that green but not at the cost of more ram bcuz if we had ram we wouldn't have been using mini Suggestions : download resume
simple n powerful
Browser love it
Efficient, quick, custom,awesome layout, beautiful.
In LG Optimus One like handsets Dolphin Mini is always better choice.
Fast....supports flash...unique experience...especially the gesture recognition feature...
Meaning for 100%
Makes it better than Chrome, Firefox, and Dolphin Browser HD ! Keep it up !
I have tried it for the first time and I already love the looks and functionability of this browser. I believe it's the best for Android, really light, and all the stuff I need for browsing on the go are there. Strongly recommend this browser.
Going to the HD version,  this one sucks a lot
Simple and very easy to use
Lightweight. Nice.
The default browser I had on my phone was HUGE! It took up a lot of memory. This app is so much better and less frustrating than the default, that I actually cleared out the old and forced it to stop working. My phone is 100% faster!
Great appsn
Its a best browser
A very good browser....berrer than opera mini...
Best browser I've found for the android.
Easy to navigate, fast and worth every vern cent :)
No bloated features. Renders properly and quickly. Tried the others and keep coming back. Don't get HD version unless you have a powerful device.
More stable than hd version. No force closes. Fast browser.
Awesome!
I have tried Firefox, which i wanted to be good as i use it for my laptop, but kept freeing.. I have also tried Opera and Opera mini and none of the above compare to this. It is so smooth and easy to use with some EXCELLENT features. Well worth at least a try as i guarentee it will take your fancy!!
Love it..
Light, fast, stable
Best browser ever
Much appropriate for my low level device
Much appropriate for my low level device
Good
Like it plays vids
Used to miss google chrome on my tablet. This works so great! Much much more better than opera
Both the versions hd and mini are just awesome
Very nice
Better
Just an excellent app. Go for it.
The first android browser I've tried that hasn't made me vehemently curse in frustration.
A very beautiful browser, works great, simply awesome! Thank you!!
I am using a relatively old Android device running 2.3.5, and this browser, in my opinion, is the best! My phone has a rather small memory, so the 1gb size of this app is perfect. I also love the flash support. :)
Everytime I close and open the browser, it opens a new tab. Very annoying. I can't find the way to disable that. I know the HD version has that option to disable that but the Mini version doesn't seem to have it.
Everytime I close and open the browser, it opens a new tab. Very annoying. I can't find the way to disable that. I know the HD version has that option to disable that but the Mini version doesn't seem to have it.
Awsome app
Worked fine on gingerbread, but all searches are now hanging at 50% for me on ics.
Good browser
Mantap
Best browser so far. Great job!
Awesome!
Good verry nice brousear
I love it. I had the regular version. Never really had problems with it but I didn't really use any of the features so this is perfect. Has all the features I liked like screen cut but takes up like less than half the space :)
What I like is that it can stream videos and can be used for heavy browsing. What I hate is that it consumes too much battery!
Great performance
Its cool. It could be faster
It's nice but has no recent updates from DEV unlike Dolphin Browser® HD.
the bst browser for Android..!
Freezes up a lot on my new galaxy s3. Never had a problem with my epic 4g
Dolphin HD has bloated to much for my poor Fascinate.
Mast haiyaar
Nice app but only one prob cant download pdf it directly opens google doc so unistall
I love this browser! Great for android, google is so slow & it kept crashing Dolphin is slick & speedy I would recommend it to anyone!
GREAT apps
Nice browser.,
Tried out a lot of browsers on android - this is one of the best!
I have used three different browser for my lg optimus l3. This one / opera mini / and the browser that come with android and this one is by far the best also what really stands out is it can go full screen
I've tried them all and this is the best...is not perfect but its no1. I recommend that u don't waste your time with others
Fluid UI, as fast as a browser can b on this ancient phone
Ek dam faduuuu ..... Mast technology so imagine browser....
Fast and simple.
Mini is much better vs the Dolpin HD version. Bookmarks are easily accessible in mini vs HD. Most features on mini work on HD. Do not downloaded HD.
Mini is much better vs the Dolpin HD version. Bookmarks are easily accessible in mini vs HD. Most features on mini work on HD. Do not downloaded HD.
Its beter than any other.browser out there  I recomend it to anyone out there who wants a simple, fast ,and great.browser!
Its beter than any other.browser out there  I recomend it to anyone out there who wants a simple, fast ,and great.browser!
It's fast, well layed out and looks good. It's like Google chrome for android. It's better than Dolphin Browser HD and the tabbed browsing is brilliant!
Space saver and it works super fast with my phone.
Rudra
Rudra
Fasterr thenn regularr internett qreatt forr straightt browsinqq
Nice....
Samsung galaxy ace 2,,,,Excellent browser very fast,,i use it all the time now....
A powerful lite version..
A powerful lite version..
this is what i am looking for .... the best interface and ultimate speed ....  amazing
المتصفح سهل ويعطي حماية لجهازك
Just like chrome but for your phone.
Just like chrome but for your phone.
This is the the seducktive browser only the skin is cool and all is garbage dont download it iff i right pls like
This is the the seducktive browser only the skin is cool and all is garbage dont download it iff i right pls like
This is the the seducktive browser only the skin is cool and all is garbage dont download it iff i right pls like
Uc is the best
100/100
100/100
But Firefox is better :)
Best browser out!!!
Runs smooth and fluidic flash playback is great light weight love it
But its taking 8.67 mb where it says 0.99mb scape
way better than HD and Opera. Love it!
Faster, Stable!!! And works with addons!! I hope one day will  build a version  for windows!
Yes , this is the best browser of all , but this app often freezes my phone , and it won't work , and I have to get  my battery out , please fix this stuff
What a web browser
:)
:)
Love it!
Very cool browser. Sometimes crash when selecting text.
Good
good app
good app
What a great easy to use and little browser this is. I have been using the HD version until the recent update ruined it. I like this version better anyway.
Quick install and speedy surfing. Go mini!
It was all good until both of browsers started crashing nonstop
It was all good until both of browsers started crashing nonstop
Prob best
It was the best  It is best  And will be best
fast n great
Best browser on the market!
Its a little different if your used to Google but it is so much faster.I am still amazed at how much faster my LG optima is now..Jen
Even better than Dolphin HD.  Just plain simple and effective!
Keeps force closing on Samsung galaxy prevail please fix.
Thanks
I turned off Java script & plug in support and it works super fast.
I downgraded 2 Dolphin Mini b/c Dolphin HD became slow & buggy. I'm glad I made the switch. Mini is sleek, clean, & very efficient.
confirm upon exit can't be removed despite disabling it.
confirm upon exit can't be removed despite disabling it.
Excellent web browser... its so fast.. good job..
Does everything, and super fast.
gud
gud
Really great browser loads website such as gsmarena and other very fast.love it
Baddesy browser ever!!
The best i cn say 4 browsing...need a bit improvment...lyk sudden crashes wen opening more than 2 tabs..rest its fine..
Good
This browser is so fast. Its a real pleasure to use. Good job guys.
Until you actually get down to using it daily.  Unless I've missed something, you can't: Set a homepage, sort bookmarks or have them as thumbnails, turn off intelligent keys (have to wait for them to hide in order to open links at bottom of page).  Other issues: Doesn't recognize links - have to do a long press & select 'open'. Copy text rarely works - crashes the browser. Auto-populates with web addresses when trying to search. Kills battery.  Only good things are multiple tabs & gestures.  Uninstalling.
I love this browser on my phone! Super fast and easy to use. Thank you.
some web font with dark font with darker bckground..dolphine translate become empty web..same to opera. hope can give font color contrast chnge option. it is normaly used by me . less use opera..
HTC evo v 4g. Works great. My favorite
Perfect browser for smartphone. Any desktop version?
Nice ligjht and easily sites browsable
"I loved it too much that I made it my permanently in my stock Rom , just one word superb "
-Ankit
Not as fast as Opera Mini for straight browsing, but better at java and forms. Very limited by lack of bookmark folders. Stock HTC sense browser is pants, if I could uninstall it, I would. HTC wildfire.
This app is just plain amazing. Its light, doesn't use a lot of memory, works flawlessly, and has loads of features. You couldn't ask for a better browser. Wish Dolphin made more apps!
Better than opera mini in my humble opinion....
best browser i have ever use. it's light, fast, and features is good. 5 stars given.
I like it
Super application
Prefer this to dolphin hd.
Nice....
Just as the title says . Awesome App,and faster than the HD version very much.
Very good app I ever use
Great apps...... Dev please make reopen closed tab in mini...:-)
really lightweight on system resources
:)
Solo good
the competition out of the water! Light, fast, and functional. And no annoying Opera logo at startup (it also doesn't autorefresh).
By far the smallest footprint of any browser, and way faster than Firefox or Chrome on ICS.
By far the smallest footprint of any browser, and way faster than Firefox or Chrome on ICS.
Nice
Nothing comes near this, when it comes to consistency.
Works great one thing that make it better is if it had themes but everything works no problems.
Does everything that is expected of a mobile browser.
I am giving it 5 stars cause of its performance but developers can do some developments in areas like 'option to select image quality' & 'download manager should have pause and continue facility' to download such big files with some breaks.
Just installed it and i am already impressed. Downloaded after reading an online review. It's really good. Thanks Dolphin people :)
Hi, this browser always been amazing, please fix this bug. Everytime I'm opening a flash video or just pressing PLAY in a video the image freezes and goes to a white screen. I did a factory reset thinking that it was my phone but still does it. Please fix it, I love this browser, I've never switched to another. Thks. Htc Amaze in case this helps (I have version android 4.0.3)
Mast brower fast
Mast brower fast
I found it works better than other web browsers. Best one so far :)
My favorite of the browsers I've tried. Love the tabbed window and speed dial.
Superb application .....
Better than opera mini
Fast and great features. Double tap zoom doesnt work on my Galaxy Vibrant but works fine on my other devices. Too bad cant use add ons.
super hit
Awesome
Uses a bit of storage when I'm not using it tho :( but super organized!
fast and good interface. my favorite mobile browser
All smooth and fast!
Amazing browser dat support streaming videos...
Really cool browser!
MUCH better user experience than Dolphin HD.  Superior interaction for small devices. I uninstalled Dolphin HD in favor of this on my phone.
MUCH better user experience than Dolphin HD.  Superior interaction for small devices. I uninstalled Dolphin HD in favor of this on my phone.
After trying a lot of browser, this is the best for me. Love the tabbed browsing which can be toggled with volume button
Works well on archos 80 g9 turbo. Way faster than the stock browser.
I have been using this app for awhile now,and am satisfied with the speed and availability of flash on this browser.
It faster, strong, very simply to use, i like it so much more!
guys use it nd feel it...
guys use it nd feel it...
Best browser made for Android
All i need. Nice and simple.
Does everything I want and takes up next to no space. Brilliant!
Does everything I want and takes up next to no space. Brilliant!
NEED MORE SPEED DIAL SLOTS... SHOULD B ABLE TO FILL UP HOMEPAGE THE WAY WE WANT!!	Awesome! My absolute fav browser! Really fast, convenient, &simple. Also LOVE LOVE LOVE the speed dial! Wish there were just a couple more features from hd but that's ok. Also wish there were themes for this & HD. The HD ones r boring. They did make one Xmas one that ruled 2yrs ago but had to factory reset & lost it...  :(
HD ran slow on this old phone but mini runs pretty smooth in comparison. Lots of options. Diggin speed dial!
Great and easy to use. My favorite of the dolphins
This is crap. Apple iPhone still has the best night mode web browser with its full screen option "bright white text on pitch black background".  Ok
Love the incognito mode, very easy to use and fast.
This is an amazing browser
Perfect for those who have low memory on their phones. Runs exceptionally faster than the HD version, and retains most of the functionality, including tabbed browsing... a must for any Android user! The full screen setting is also great!
See title.
D
So far so good.. Great browser app..
A very good browser! One problem is when the pinch zoom button is turned on, on landscape it will overlap with the orientation lock button at lower right corner. Also, I suggest adding more theme colours.
The best browser on the market. Even better then HD. I really dont know whats the difference. Anyway its working flawlessly so far.
The best browser on the market. Even better then HD. I really dont know whats the difference. Anyway its working flawlessly so far.
The best browser on the market. Even better then HD. I really dont know whats the difference. Anyway its working flawlessly so far.
its very fast browser as campare to others...thanks...keep it up....
love it
Lovely ui. Runs quick. Wondering why the full version exists.
Lovely ui. Runs quick. Wondering why the full version exists.
Even dolphinHD worked perfect on HTC desire S. Cache to sd, on demand plugins, volume scroll great additions, works perfect
Even dolphinHD worked perfect on HTC desire S. Cache to sd, on demand plugins, volume scroll great additions, works perfect
Best out there...no problems on Rezound.
Best out there...no problems on Rezound.
This has been my browser of choice since it was released. Keep up the good work!
Great browser.great size has great functions.
Dolphin HD is feature packed... some of which can be frustrating and slow. The mini strips most of the fat out and keeps more focus on the essentials... which is easy & reliable browsing on the small phone screens.  Thanks for the excellent product.
Best browser in the market
NICE app, its really work, matter pannalama de
Good
Smoother and faster than the HD on my galaxy ace...
Great browser.  Better than HD version. My default for almost a year now
Good even make it better ***** 1.i like this because this browser has no lags 2.add-on like mozilla firefox 3.much very faster than before.
Nice
Nice
Great app iam using it abt 2 months it speed is excellent!!!
I've tried every browser on Market and this is the best.
Love it
Just like an internet browser app on my sgy
I used to use Dolphin HD but it was slow.  MINI is lightning quick, the features it has are useful and the layout and navigation is superb.   By FAR the best browser for Droid and I've tried several.
Fjc
Fjc
I like the size, it's fast, stable and fun at the same time.
good
Works very well, and the ability for user agent setting is wonderful.
It is best after opera mini browser
It is best after opera mini browser
Luv it.....
I've been using this browser for more than a year now and it has never disappointed me, it's fast its simple and most of all it is really easy to use!
It would be a lot better with that auto hiding-address-bar feature just like the hd version. Keep updating.
It would be a lot better with that auto hiding-address-bar feature just like the hd version. Keep updating.
It would be a lot better with that auto hiding-address-bar feature just like the hd version. Keep updating.
Excellent!
It's bad on Honeycomb 3.2 when opening New Tab, can't loading the pages! Pls fix it, immediately!
even seems faster too! Great replacement
So fast...
Fast and efficient. Gestures make the experience so much better.
Tried the rest, this is the best.  Hands down the fastest easiest to use browser I have found to date.  You won't be disappointed.
Tried the rest, this is the best.  Hands down the fastest easiest to use browser I have found to date.  You won't be disappointed.
This app is excellent I was looking for one that was a desktop and thats what I found I love this app keep up the good work
the most annoying browser,keeps deleting my tabs and never restores and this still hasnt been fixed by dolphin after more than a year
Both r best
After rolling sometime with the HD version , I have to come back to mini. Second only to Dolphin Browser HD. That Ought to be, right?
What can i sAy its the fastest browser. Explorng images is fun. Superfast surfing. Just a single flaw dnt knw why it got closed whenevr i try to minimise it
Best browser
Dolphin Browser outperforms the stock browser on my GB phone. my main browser all the way!
Copy and paste crashes. Crashed on select text. ICS on galaxy s 2
Smart app for my phone
The BEST!
This truly is browsing made wonderful.
Better than stock browser and has a flash player unlike Opera Mini....helllloooo!
None I have found better than dolphin hd and dolphin mini
I love it!!!
High speed browsing... Need to improve UI
High speed browsing... Need to improve UI
I love this browser. Used to be a Dolphin HD fan, but this is so much faster and more intuitive than its big brother
funciona al 100
Exelent!
Fast
Best browser for android, imo.
This really needs to be properly ported to ICS. I have to use the full HD version for now but really want to go back to mini. Please fix.
I just love this browser, it is deffinetly best one for android. It's simple, fast, and doesnt bother you with unneeded functions or gestures, which I dont use. I just turned them off.
Amazing
Used to be very good. Recent update has made it very difficult to type. It keeps deleting words that I type that aren't saved in my dictionary. Also, links are not opening, have to hold down and select "open in new tab"
Great app :-)
This ducking browser is nice good..
Long time user of Dolphin HD, but thought I would try Mini and I like it. So much so, that I've uninstalled DHD. Mini is great for the Desire's low internal storage.
i m just loving it.......
pretty fast, does everything i need it to do :)
A really good browser! ONLY one I use!
So fast you cant even multitask , even has html5 .
I love the gesturing. Very innovative
Great!
Have been using HTC stock browser and thought it is good enough. Until I tried Dolphin mini, it is way better than expected
Awesome game for mobile
Verrry much like it
Verrry much like it
Pora pooka
Pora pooka
Pora pooka
I one hand my hand held device all the time. GREAT for this. and it has too many cool tools. I dig this browser so much.
Samsung galaxy y
Best browser
Look no further, this seems to be the fastest browser on android!
By far best browser, But is it possible to get a cooler icon please haha
Great Browser.
I switched to this browser from the HD version after getting tired of all the bloat and features I don't find very useful. The mini version is just what I need. Also, I was driven away from the HD version after the bad UI redesign which removed the exit and refresh buttons. It is too bad if Dolphin is really not going to support this anymore, as I believe there is great value in just the basic browser.
Lebih bagus dibanding opera mini
Very good browser. I like the tabs and the speed dial.
Dolphin hd was a little bit better.
Recently returned to mini, I forgot just how fast it is. however it does look a bit dated. But the sheer speed when compared to opera & even dolphin HD makes up for this.
Perfect browser !!!
Great Browser for android.
Its the only light yet complete browser available...
I'm delighted to have this app. Thanks maker. Samsung Galaxy Ace <3
Better than firefox & opera...and flash supported
Two stars deducted. Lg 2x
It's much better then full version due to little bonuses like load image on wifi only option, a bitter faster work, etc.
Motorola triumph user.  Works far better than the one google provides.
Beauty, neat solution for browsing on low-end android devices with all  the bells and whistles
Cool
I hate the new last out of the hd browser, so this is my new fav even if I lose a few options and speed!
This one is too good to use with Facebook and other mobile sites
no browser comes close to its smoothness, efficiency and interface
Flawless in doing everything so far.
Maxxa
I had Dolphin HD before this and it was slow and bloated, and now I've switched to dolphin mini and its much lighter and responsive. My phone would crash before, now it's smooth again :) - Galaxy S 2
works gr8t ....just need a orientation where it saves data usage to open websites
Its really good
excited
excited
Hi, im Melvin Gorme and im from Philippines,dolphin mini is so fast browser that could open tabs as many,i suggest that can you make a dolphin search tab so you could easily search things?
Small,fastest,easiest and having good features.. I enjoy it....
Browser is so fast. Ui looks very good.
Best browser ever
I downloaded it b4 then for no reason took it off mistake it is the best
This is the browser I have been looking for. Compared to it's bigger brother Dolphin Browser HD, it uses a lot less memory and web pages load up a lot faster. It also features the gesture function found in Dolphin Browser HD which is a big plus! I would highly recommend this web browser to anyone who is looking for a snappy web browser (which supports Flash) and doesn't take up too much storage.
This is the browser I have been looking for. Compared to it's bigger brother Dolphin Browser HD, it uses a lot less memory and web pages load up a lot faster. It also features the gesture function found in Dolphin Browser HD which is a big plus! I would highly recommend this web browser to anyone who is looking for a snappy web browser (which supports Flash) and doesn't take up too much storage.
Super
None better than Dolphin Mini @ Ace & HD @ Tab 7+
Great but needs to store brightness and orientation values. Needs a new rheme
I love it .
Insists I'm tethering and won't work... I'm not tethering btw!
Just gets the job done
Just gets the job done
I liked Dolphin hd, but it had a lot of stuff, i like to keep it simple, best browser ever!
:3
Best browser
Love it
Small stable fast
Perfect!
Fast, lightweight, and much better than using the default browser.
Opera is awesome
Simple, fast, has many functions!
Use it & get performance awesome...
Rock steady. No other browser matches it.
Works well with my samsung galaxy attain 4glte. Wonder if dolphinbrowser hd would be slower...
Wow totally amazed by this browser easy to use and far better than others ive used
This is a great App!! I'd can look up just from this App
This is a great App!! I'd can look up just from this App
brilliant with few glitches in the UI....
All others (including stock) don't have nearly as many features &/or the quickness of this baby. SamVibe2.2
A million times better than the browser I was using. Quicker, nicer looking, more functional. Excellent can't fault it.
Super Sexy and Sleek...
Dare I say, it may be better than Opera! :O
Very fast.. Need some more add-on like web 2 pdf
Outstanding
Very nice....working....
Rather than forcing you to do Tabbed browsing, that should be an option to enable/disable.  If you don't touch it and use it through, for example, twitter links, you end up with many tabbed pages, after a few the browser warns you of decrease performance if you open too many, but I never wanted to open different tabs, it does that by default and it is a pain to go constantly closing them.  It also behaves erratically on some web pages when you want to go back.
Tried everything else, but always come back to dolphin.
Long time user here, recently noticed that i can no longer copy and paste on fb but any other page works just fine.. Random i know but its semi irritating lol
I just love it my browser before was always kicking me offline so this one is awesome.
The real as PC works
It was so gr8 bt after last update,i guess. HD & mini both are crashing 9/10 times... fix it n stay on top
I was skeptical because i was satisfied with opera mini.this wins hands down! even the facebook page is better and faster than the official facebook app!
I was skeptical because i was satisfied with opera mini.this wins hands down! even the facebook page is better and faster than the official facebook app!
Htc..awesome ap
Good
I've tried all the rest, always come back to Dolphin Mini. Correctly renders about 95% of all websites, and if the page doesn't load then that website's programmer sucks.
Simplistic to use. Love the Speed Dial (Bionic has room for two more speed buttons) & tabs!
what more can I say
Great app!!
Nice app but  downloading is not resumable
great
App force closes when trying to select text on ICS
awesome ..
Hands down best browser out there. Much faster than stock browser app. Love the option in Menu to "exit". Five stars.
This is a fast and efficent browser...
Have tried them all and this is the best.
Love it.
Much better than Dolphin hd
By far the best browser I have used so far.......
Best for me. Tried em all...
Please improve it
Only been using it for about half an hour and I'm impressed... lots of features, easy to use, much better than the one that came preinstalled on the phone. Also runs really fast.
Only been using it for about half an hour and I'm impressed... lots of features, easy to use, much better than the one that came preinstalled on the phone. Also runs really fast.
BEST browser i've used but would be cool if u had themes to download and make the new tab button bigger or easier to hit.
Desire
Have ICS optimized
A must have for any Android device. Reliable and quick.
Give beytter updates
Visible improvements. Still way better than stock. Recommended BUT needs share image direct from menu' and there's no gif support :( Lx
This has now replaced my browser. Love the gesture shortcut
Best browser for android
simple and efficient
Can't lose on this one especially for phones with limited space. Will also move to SD card.
Lot of minor bugs...plz UPDATE!  They've stopped updating and supporting Dolphin Mini.  Any feedback emailed to them about bugs is ignored.
Please add support for MIPS processors. Thanks!
So smooth and fast, love the gestures and other unique features!
I also love the fact that I can minimize the browser and still be able to have the page active so I can still hear the audio or keep a video going. Great for multitasking. Keep up the updates for ICS.
I also love the fact that I can minimize the browser and still be able to have the page active so I can still hear the audio or keep a video going. Great for multitasking. Keep up the updates for ICS.
i enjoys being able to minimize the browser and switch tabs rather than being confined to one screen at a time. that alone and speed gives it 5 stars. all else is off the record nit picking.
Use it for everything.
I tried them all.  On my Samsung Intercept, it works great. Small footprint, fast start, quicker page rendering. The controls work well. I could do without gestures.
I used to eat bananas
Fast and light. Prefer this to HD version. No complaints.
top class
Crashes when attemping to do this.
Excellent browser... no complaints yet...
The best browser for Android. I never use the stock browser.
Great
Great apps.. Keep it free..
Nice
An awesome browser, a very light one with almost all features except add ons which i don' t need.  Works like flashing light.
Good1
Good1
Gesture browsing is awesome... it's really time saving....
Gesture browsing is awesome... it's really time saving....
Very fast on my galaxy young. Uninstalled the other.
Awesome (;
Fast realy good.
I test a few browsers and this one is the fastest from starting up to rendering.
nice lite and fast
This app used 2be great but time goes by and no real updates! Seriousely needs work, getting very buggy..
Fast and seriously lightweight. Better than the default browser.
Fast and seriously lightweight. Better than the default browser.
Good looks and very fast
Good looks and very fast
The brightness feature is awesome though, very useful. Please enhance image quality.
The brightness feature is awesome though, very useful. Please enhance image quality.
Kook
Great performance, great design! I like it more than Dolphin HD!
Great Browser
only one thing dont like: speeddial has limited ammount of bookmarks
only one thing dont like: speeddial has limited ammount of bookmarks
Needs a share button like BoatBrowser Fast Very fast on Samsung Intercept. If you guys could make it download MLB videos like Sky Fire does it would b
I recommend this to all my friends.
Nice app tat everyone must have:-)
Much better, faster, cleaner than Dolphin Browser HD ! Must download this cus its epic :D
Now This is a great browser,much better than any other out there.
Quick, easy and sooo much faster than stock browser
This definitively is the best browser. I'm excited how it'll compare to Chrome once I have Android 4.0 though.
I've tried every (and I mean EVERY) browser on the Android Market (even some off market) and I have always come back home to Dolphin Mini.
Pretty darn good.  I use this to trick servers into thinking my phone is a PC.
Go to Menu, Toolbox, Settings, look for Enable plugs in. Make sure that that is always on option not on demand.
Good
5 stars
Nice browser
5 stars!!!!
I love this app but there's one problem. I cannot download anymore updates from you Dolphin. (LG P509 Optimus T) Can you please update your software so I can get these downloads? I would really appreciate it. :)
I used more than 8 browsers inside market and 3 third party apps. But this one is the most efficient and powerful in all of them. Many features which  is very useful to all users. Especially for using Facebook. This is my default browser. Really awesome.
Good i prefer this than the previous one
Works great DROID RAZR MAXX
Easy to use
It works ok for me. Opera mini is better than this.
Would be great if there is...
Good apps...
Obviously, this is better than default browser. You can pick this one if you love faster dolphin browsing experience
Light weight, fast, intuitive, logical.... the BEST android browser eWeR! :DD i LOVE IT! <3
The Dolphin Mini Browser has become my new default browser for all of my Android devices. Thanks to the developers for a great, light-weight browser.
To be part of my easy new lifeeee!!
After the update the screen became twitchy...fast but buggy!
Needs an ad blocker.
Please add more colour other then green, it's too greeny. add grey or black will work awesome.
Greeeeeeat!
I love it. Especially compared to the my old browser
Rocks !
Rocks !
Rocks !
I would like it even better if I could customize the browser color.. I'd like to make it black or silver instead of lime green
Awesome browser
This is the best browser in the market. With flash player ability.
Very well put together. Simple and efficient.
Bravo to the developers of this amazing browser!  It's fast, efficient, and beyond user friendly!
Its super awesome!!
I use this as my default.
Please make better compatible with ics. Bionic
Works a treat!
Excellent app. Dynamite comes in small packages.
Nice. More intuitive than Opera, much faster than stock browser or FF. Full featured. Needs Text Wrap, then it will be perfect mini browser!!
Again nicwvv
I've tried them all. This one's absolutely the beat there is!
I've tried them all. This one's absolutely the beat there is!
I've tried them all. This one's absolutely the beat there is!
Simply best of all....need for galaxy Mini
Simply best of all....need for galaxy Mini
Simply best of all....need for galaxy Mini
Thanks
it contains everything that a perfect browser should.. Dont waste your time n install this on your phone.
using opera for 4 yrs on java phone but really in android opera is nothing compared to dolphin. why it adds cache to my phone memory despite selecting cache to sd card
Good
Good
Can it show the remaining time of the download to complete like the firefox does or our desktop browser does . It is the only thing that needed to make it the best browser
This is the best browser. And I've tried every single browser available for android
I've used this browser for a long time, now. It works like gangbusters. Tabbed browsing, touch-friendly interface, and it's snappy to boot. It trumps the stock browser.
The best browser in the market
can't say anything but great app
No problems
Holy updates batman. My fav browser.
I use this browser more than chrome. Amazing! So simple and useful.
I use this browser more than chrome. Amazing! So simple and useful.
Best browser out there
This is my favorite browser; handles just about all sites perfectly. I love the custom gestures, especially ability to create  bookmarklets for things like LastPass free (quick login & fill forms). It isn't as quick as Opera Mini, but desktop toggle offers ability to view pages not available in Opera. It is much faster than Firefox.
This is my favorite browser; handles just about all sites perfectly. I love the custom gestures, especially ability to create  bookmarklets for things like LastPass free (quick login & fill forms). It isn't as quick as Opera Mini, but desktop toggle offers ability to view pages not available in Opera. It is much faster than Firefox.
An update needs more
My only gripe is that I can't permanently set the brightness setting of it.
Love it!!
Excellent.
Excellent.
A 5 star apps!!
Works with HTC Sensation
Very nice & fast thx :)
Awesome!
Awesome!
Light weight yet powerful.
it has so many features and it's not even HD.
It's fully featured, so far seems to be a capable as regular Dolphin HD, but its faster, a more user friendly interface, and I'm loving it! Speed is better than any other browser I've tried: Opera (both), Dolphin HD, Boat, Ninesky, Maxthon, Puffin, and more. Inspire 4G.
Sudah mencoba opera mini, firefox, dan browser bawaan android di tablet taff 7' saya, tapi hanya dholpin browser ini yang menarik hati. Fitur lengkap dan multitab browsernya jg bagus..
Have been using this version since I don't need the extra features of "HD".  So far my favorite but just now when I tried to copy text I got a zoomed window showing exactly where the cursor was and a nice dialog menu. Serious wow factor. :) uninstalling all other browsers now. Awesome work.
Grate
Really fast and plasant browser.  Better than Opera, IMO.
awsome
Best browser out there...
Fast, small footprint, with all nice features you need
Only problem can't download, but other than that love it. Opens some things phone browser wont
Works great with my zte score
This browser is like a soft hand on your inner thigh. Warm and seductive. With tabbed browsing, screenshots, and borderless fullscreen. Without a good browser, all is lost. best.app.ever LG Ally
Awesome, just awesome!
Fastest, easiest to use browser. Better than dolphin hd on my desire 2.2. Just try it.
Cute browser.Makes my searching fast and easy
Cute browser.Makes my searching fast and easy
really fast even with poor service and better than dolphin hd.. won't use anything else
Absolutely hands down the best mobile browser out there. It blows me away with it's speed and ease of use, highly recommended! Epic 4g touch
Very confident....
Best,  Super fast and safe  I'm very happy with this application
Exelent
Has many features but also fast! Beats android browser ten fold.
Has many features but also fast! Beats android browser ten fold.
Has many features but also fast! Beats android browser ten fold.
Fast and easy to use. Please add the possibility to add more than 12 speed dials.
Savion - u cudnt be more right dude=] omg, u can also put it on private browsing so it wont record history!!! Gr8 for porn lol
This is perfect for watching porn
Superb browser..
Fast
Great browser with great speed. I recommend this to everyone who's sick of the standard browser :)
Great browser with great speed. I recommend this to everyone who's sick of the standard browser :)
Great fast browser
This browser better than opera mini...very fast and easy to use..plus had the exit button..
This browser for android is simple and easy to use, very fast and light. Simply it's the best!
This is my favorite browser of all the Android browsers I have used. It is very fast, displays most websites correctly, and I love the speed dial home screen.
Stop with the reviews asking for the menu bar to disappear while scrolling. Use HD if you want that. That's why I have this for fast tab switching.  Add that to HD if anything.  Add ability to screen cut like HD without taking the while page picture
Ftw
This browser can open many website same like online using pc  where other browser cant········and youtube video playing very well·······<3   #hope little bit improvemnt to become perfect:-)
Never knew what you were missing until you have a "real" Browser installed on your Droid... Thanx Dolphin!
What more could you ask for in a free browser? Desire.
The only thing I would like: pressing menu brings up the notification bar on fullscreen mode. I have to exit the app everyone to check notifications
BLAZING FAST
Simply the best browser I've tried, and I have tried many. Better than HD. No issues, does everything very well. Galaxy S
Light and very easy to use
Thanks
Excellent.supb apps.100% perfect for my samsung galaxy young s5360.Thank you very much APPS CREATOR.
its fast and easy. what can u ask more.
Great in my Htc Evo 4G
It's better introduce sync passwords and history. Like Dolphin HD. When I try to sync bookmarks it's not worked.
It's better introduce sync passwords and history. Like Dolphin HD. When I try to sync bookmarks it's not worked.
Simply the fastest browser on briwser mark on android on my htc desire s . Love it.
better than Opera Mini..  and Browsing facebook here is a lot easier than using Facebook for android..
Good but should have patience to use
Youtube vids are slow, but I love everything else.
Has some issues, have to hold down on link and choose open new tab or else it doesn't respond when clicking a link but still prefer it over the issues the others give me
Simple and good,
simple...
simple...
simple...
better then the build in browser
It can use some themes though. A blue theme would be great!
It can use some themes though. A blue theme would be great!
Not as fast as opera mini, pages load too slow, I,ve gone back to opera.
Works better than dolphin hd in some phones.. Samsung galaxy y
Works perfectly!
This browser has a variety of helpful features like fullscreen mode, plugin click-to-run, and user agent. Recommended app for almost any android device.
WAY BETTER THAN THE STOCK BROWSER.....!
Verry good
Perfection
I LOVE DOLPHIN :)
Using a Samsung Gio.
Not missing anything from HD!
Great! Love this app!
Went through a few different browsers before but I'm sticking with this. It's fast and has lots of simple features that I like.
But there's 1 thing, can u please put in the pinch zoom feature
Even on my deathly slow Droid, this browser is fast and responsive. Head and shoulders above the other browsers.
Even on my deathly slow Droid, this browser is fast and responsive. Head and shoulders above the other browsers.
I find this browser to be the best. It works very well. Give it a try and compare it to the others.
Perfect
Good browser.like it
Good browser.like it
Very fast and accurate loving this app!!!
Extremely fast scrolling and accurate rendering. Better than even Dolphin HD in that regard. Won't sync with Google or import bookmarks from Dolphin HD for some reason.
... but no themes unfortunately.   :(
Awesome. Best browser on android!
is the best i found so far.love the interface
very nice ui...very nice better then opera mini
I'm just use to opera
I prefer this to the HD version and find it runs a lot smoother on my device! I love the way the pages scroll really smoothly and has a great menu system! Pages load quickly and text and images look really clear and crisp! I love this!
Great web browser
Best out there by far! One thing I would like would be the ability to reorder speed dial links on home page.
Dolphin is like your girl, but dolphin didn't drown when I fingered it out, it's only a smidge slower than chrome on desktop. AAA rating!!
Finally I can browse on my phone. Probly the software that works best on the entire OS lol. Ty :)
~HTC Hero.
Love using it
I wanted another browser to use just for work, for my online suppliers etc so I could use the standard android browser just for casual, personal stuff. The mini comes with useful features. This was the best third party browser I found.
Paling bagus
Dolphin mini Stunner! I won't use anything else.
Dolphin mini Stunner! I won't use anything else.
Light, clutter-free and yet full of useful features! Much better than default Android browser. Thank you Dolphin.
Very nice
Very nice
Better and cleaner than Dolphin HD
AWESOME
Way, way better than stock browser...no doubt.  I tried Skyfire...was OK....but Dolphin fits my use way better.  (DROID3)
I especially like the labels instead of the simple minded folder bookmarks.
Best dn else bt hv prblm wid downloading
Better than the Hd version
Loads pages and scripts my default browser and opera won't.
Better than opera mini. Dolphin more stable. No lag, no force closed
Very intuitive, similar to chrome, even with anonymous browsing.
Much better than the default browser, it's tiny and it let's you save cache to memory card.....kind of important with the stupid HTC desire memory limitations.
Love this app. Works great on my Inspire and my Kindle
This has been my default browser since android 2.1. Keep up the good work
This has been my default browser since android 2.1. Keep up the good work
Love the brightness dimming(lower than stock) feature. Relatively stable.
I've tried a lot of browsers and keep coming back to this. It's truly a straight to the point browser without the bloated features. Features are quick and easy to access.
Grew unstable.
Tried all of them, and this is definitely the most convenient one. simple and fast!
Waaooo...really good browser ..nice multitasking ,customization and the gestures process is ultimate..quick download it ..((aayush))
Half the time it says access denied when I try to load a page, but other browser loads it. Also, most of the time I can't open Google search results.
Excellent 5 Stars ++
tabbed browsing is awesome, its fast and I can send cache to sd. I can also take screen cuts and save pages for later offline use. The speed dial page is great!
no longer required. It made sense to use it before but now the HD version is just as fast and has more features! Size isn't an issue anymore thanks to CyanogenMod and Apps2SD(S2E app). HTC Desire CM7.1
My homeboy told me about it ... so I tryed it out .. its super dope..!!
I like the fact its smaller, most likely uses less memory, but I prefer the hd version. Good for what it is, still better then my stock browser, faster too! Missing a star due to gestures not being as good, otherwise a great product.
Better than Opera Mini !
Better than Opera!
Gesture options is awesome
It's the best web browser I have ever seen. Just don't understand why it doesn't support the ability to turn on/off view in mobile mode?
Awesome. Gives me in 1mb what opera gives in 11 Saves valuable space on phone
Awesome. Gives me in 1mb what opera gives in 11 Saves valuable space on phone
Screw all best browser
.
This a great browser.  Much better than the stock browser on galaxy s2.
Sweet little browser! It'll do me just fine...
Runs really well considering it hasn't even been updated for ICS yet
app
Very good  job. Working very fast and correct on  my Nexus S!
Thumbs up for tabbed browsing
Many bugs and crashes on ICS. Stock browser outperforms it, but I hope you are working on a fix.
Many bugs and crashes on ICS. Stock browser outperforms it, but I hope you are working on a fix.
Many bugs and crashes on ICS. Stock browser outperforms it, but I hope you are working on a fix.
This has to be one of the best apps I have ever downloaded! Perfect look! Excellent speed! Amazing resources available to use!
Has issues with nexus. Sometimes buttons won't click until a browser restart.
Interface much cleaner and intuitive than in the HD version. Would be great to support themes, acid green is ugly.
Loads quickly, renders pages well, good interface, nice work
sometimes crashes, but usually only with pages that have a lot going on, or if i have several tabs open. otherwise, dig it. (lg ally)
It works great on my Droid 2!  I have not experienced any crashes or errors since switching.
One of the best browsers for Android!
One of the best browsers for Android!
A great program for the Web with useful tools. From Angtech
Fast, intuitive, and full of features. Works well even on a lower level device.
Used it forever nothing better
Love this browser. Samsung Galaxy S. Cyanogen 7.1. Works fine with modified LCD density settings. Fast to load.
Great browser, easy to use. Nice and quick on my wildfire.
Great browser, easy to use. Nice and quick on my wildfire.
Love it! Great!
Amazing x
Lovely. I was able to open a flash reach content such as pinger textfree on my galaxy ace customize to Sony Ericsson xperia. Super fast too. 10x
Best mobile browser ever used. Light yet powerful and more functions than 3 major desk top versions. My hat is off to the developers.
Needs find text on page function, and tab close boxes do not work reliably.
Needs find text on page function, and tab close boxes do not work reliably.
Works better than the HD version on cheap Android tablets.
playing youtube at background.. just great..
playing youtube at background.. just great..
Poor speed.. Makes my xperia look like a java phone.. Gesture is the only good thing..
Fast and smooth !  love it  :)
Awesome browser
this browser gets on my nerves, when Google searching links wont open etc.. with other webpages with links..l
ala Superman.
Great browser, HD version is prettier, but Mini gets the job done and done quickly.
Nice speed and GUI. Better than both Operas imo.
This browser is the bomb. It is fast and didn't take much memory.  I love it
Took a bit to understand the gesture function, but now that I got it, Love it ! Best browser for Android out there!
The UI is a little jacked up (coming from other browsers) and takes some getting use to. Not as many settings either. But has a lot more features! :-)
Loading isn't really faster, but scrolling and stuff is super smooth and very snappy. Way better than the stock browser.
Nice browser!
Only thing I would like is a speed dial page gesture, I can do it on HD, why not here?
Only thing I would like is a speed dial page gesture, I can do it on HD, why not here?
Clean, smooth and fast.
Clean, smooth and fast.
Clean and so speedy! Even when I am roaming and hardly have a signal, pages load fast
Perfic.....
Perfic.....
Works great. Very fast!!!!!
Simple, little and super fast browser,, with many goodies.. must have this.
Works great on the droid2. Prefer over the HD version. Fantastic program, quick and efficient. the best browser I know of.
Excellent!
Fast and comfy even on my poor Wildfire S. Cache on SD is really helpful.
Cyanogen7
Cyanogen7
Very good but I wish bookmarks could be stored in folders like with other browsers.
make a zoom in/out animation a bit faster, like in opera mini. be the best already. :)
Crisp and clean. Dolphin Mini is light, super fast, and the UI is nice. This is the ONLY browser I use. HTC Incredible Rooted.
I like it. But for the last week or so, webpages won't load with full service, and load on other browsers.
Nobody has yet topped the power of the Dolphin browers. They load a bit slower than boat or opera, but they can handle much heavier loads
This app is great all it needs are themes like dolphin hd has so you could change the colors of the browser. I can't stand that green
Who's having trouble with the mobile Facebook. Like I have to switch to desktop or the page won't load. :/
Well done! Dolphin HD was a bit slow on my HTC wildfire. But this mini version is much faster and it has a nice and compact interface.
The perfect browser for my needs. Fast, stable, simple. Love it !
My fav. Browser..excellnt app...
Very good. The fastest browser yet.
Sleepymffm Great app,fast clean,not one FC,unlike dolphin HD
really better than built it nor opera mini... haha tq..
Nice app
Don't let the 'mini' tag fool you, this is a well featured browser with many convenient tools. And it's free!
Dolphin HD was alys force to close on my galaxy pop...this lite app works great,and also doing most features of hd!
very fast
very fast
No worries!!!
Whatever I type in Google search doesn't return any results. Default browser is fine. 5 stars again when fixed.
Great Browser What FireFox should aspire to
Great Browser What FireFox should aspire to
It's so good, I have frozen the native browser, don't need it anymore. Excellent and fast browser!
It's so good, I have frozen the native browser, don't need it anymore. Excellent and fast browser!
Best android browser ever (for low device - I'm using HTC Aria, been left behind nowadays) ;-)
Light, quick but powerful. Best browser in the market right now
Like the HD version, but this is all I need.
В основном проверяю почту на Гмэил,а Опера не умеет работать с мобильной версией почты, только с текстовой. Плюс очень четко работает браузер
Best browser by far
It will have more stars if both HD and this version have option to switch mobile to desktop view for every site
good browser. runs faster than the hd version. great on galaxy s2
browser is reasonably fast however it is not the fastest on the market. that title belongs to maxthon. however it is still lighter than the reg dolphi
browser is reasonably fast however it is not the fastest on the market. that title belongs to maxthon. however it is still lighter than the reg dolphi
Way better than default browser (:
Works great, best browser available,  DROIDX
Living the more simplistic look and feel of this version. If you don't need the extensions of HD, definitely install this one.
Best browser on market... before i had Dolphin browser hd wich were slow... Nice update for slow phones like mine /HTC WILDFIRE/
Does what it must do, very fast LG optimus me, little processor, but still fast browsing thanks to dolphin lite :D
Tried many...this is the best.
Cool Great UI, much more simple than Dolphin HD, but much more options than other browsers, best so far.
Ich mag den Mini lieber als die hd Variante. Klein schnell und zeigt alle Seiten an.danke!
Ich mag den Mini lieber als die hd Variante. Klein schnell und zeigt alle Seiten an.danke!
Better than Dolphin HD... Dolphin HD is getting too bogged down with annoyances. I have Droid 3 and still prefer this one over the other.
No invasion of privacy whatsoever - only Dolphin HD was affected.
No invasion of privacy whatsoever - only Dolphin HD was affected.
OMG I love this for my Droid 3. I was using FF because that's what I had on my BB but ran like poo on the Droid. I'm so glad I found this App!!
Plz add Indic Font Support.. plz
Lot's oh whiners complaining about invasion of privacy when the mini version lacks this feature. Come on people you aren't appletards
Excellent
Take back my comment. Looks like they have resolved the issue.5 stars
awesome browser  spyware? i dont care:) I love this browser. dolphin browser mini is the best!!
sync with google bookmark doesnt work
Easy, fast and easy!!!!
Better by far than Opera mini!!!
Browsing Quality is nice! And the speed depends on network! So it is now best browser!
Excellent.. Should be stock browser...
You can run just the audio from a flash video like C-SPAN in a separate tab or with the screen off
Lite version of Dolphin Browser HD. Works xactly same to the full version. Is faster and some UI changes are seen. But very good!!!
Works great. Sites load quickly. Would like to see an option to change the color.
Works great. Sites load quickly. Would like to see an option to change the color.
need more speed
For. me better than hd
Excellent and I especially like the speed dial. Thank you
Stable, quick, easy to use, secure and it even looks good. What more do need? My first 5*+ app..desire HD.
I Don't Know Why Google Doesn't Just Put A Mobile Goolge Chrome Tabbed Web Browser On Their Smartphones, Specially Since Most Andriod Smartphones Have Touchscreens Of 4 Inches Or Bigger? Anyways	Great Web Browser! I Love The True Tabbed Web Browsing, Specially On My Big Beautiful 4.5" Super AMOLED Plus Display On My Samsung Infuse 4G?
Just Awesome
with LG G2x and love them!  Mini is definitely faster - nice for quick browsing - and HD is best for full-featured browsing experience.
Fast, tabbed, and stable. XScope can't copy/paste, Opera and boat mini lack tabs. Faster than the full Boat browser, more intuitive than Miren. = best
By far the fastest mobile browser that's out, even for my low end 2.1 Android device!
Best browser (BY FAR) I have found/used, and I have been comparing droid market browsers for a while now. Too many cool features to even list.
Works great
Excellent!
Best browser you can DL. Smoothest, fastest, easiest to use. I wish it could b used as the browser 4 Google voice search but G. rigged that! Droid X
Best browser you can DL. Smoothest, fastest, easiest to use. I wish it could b used as the browser 4 Google voice search but G. rigged that! Droid X
The other dolphin browser was good this one is better and light years fast
The other dolphin browser was good this one is better and light years fast
If u don't need the plugins use this over the full version, it is faster. Both are great.
Switched from Dolphin HD and prefer this much more. Very quick and light with the same features as full browser if you don't need all the add-ons
Recommend I've tried mini Oprah and Fire fox and found them to be even slower then my stock browser	but this is even faster then stock for my Sony Ericssion XpeRiA arc with more options I found it to be just what I needed .
i've been using dolphin since the first time i bought android phone,,and so far i love it along with boat browser,, good job guy's
So compact...its faster than dolphin hd. Personally, I don't need all of the bloat and addons that hd has.
Awesome..  For me (optimus black) mini runs websites faster than HD and stands on top of all android browsers. Great, keep improving, thanks.
Much better than I expected, especially considering how many more features it has than the stock browser.
Much better than I expected, especially considering how many more features it has than the stock browser.
Much better than I expected, especially considering how many more features it has than the stock browser.
Long tap (for opening content in a new tab) works only once for any given tab.
Long tap (for opening content in a new tab) works only once for any given tab.
Really smooth and fast! But i dont knw how to block cookies in this , Dophin HD has that option to untick "accept cookies" but cant find in this one.
Been using it a month now on Samsung Galaxy Fascinate. Clean layout, easy navigation through customization features, fast (as my wifi or 3G allow), no garbage features! Thanks!
Even better than Skyfire. Videos when no flash for free. Name. DOLPHIN. THE UGLIEST NAME EVER.
Even better than Skyfire. Videos when no flash for free. Name. DOLPHIN. THE UGLIEST NAME EVER.
Love it.
Way Better then the "hd"  version. Smooth and minimal buggyness
At the moment the best browser on the market for slower carriers such as MetroPCS. Full functionality like tabs and gestures, and video support.
Best browser ever
Superb, does what it says.
Superb, does what it says.
So compact and useful! Really big fan of the tabbed browsing.
So compact and useful! Really big fan of the tabbed browsing.
Much better than stock browser, and they added .gif support! Only issue now is flash videos skip.
Doesn't let me download JavaScript either on cricket zio slower browser than the one on the phone
Now please keep it simple. So much of the software I loved have added stuff that slows and complicates my use. Dolphin has HD browser for that. TY.
replacement over Androids stock Internet browser, one of the best!
Keeps opening closed tabs until you quit and clear memory. I've seen it open the same website in background tabs. Also seems top soak up ram.
Obe of the best browsers out there in the android market. Way better than Opera. HTC Wildfire
Obe of the best browsers out there in the android market. Way better than Opera. HTC Wildfire
It's 1 cute piece of cookie far better than hd 1 . Love it, it's even fast :)
The extra features on this browser are just what I need. Don't need the whole plugin system. Samsung Intercept BRom 1.2.1
Light fast stable, wat more can u ask for
Switched from the so-called HD version to this one cuz the HD is more complicated and this one is smaller, simpler, and better.
had some probs with HD so tried this instead. fast, reliable & very easy to use. i love it! do yourself a favour & download :)
had some probs with HD so tried this instead. fast, reliable & very easy to use. i love it! do yourself a favour & download :)
had some probs with HD so tried this instead. fast, reliable & very easy to use. i love it! do yourself a favour & download :)
wooooow, wow. impressed. so tiny but supports adobe's flash (opera mini doesn't). I'd say more: this one is a piece of magic! wooooow
Easy win over Dolphin HD unless you just HAVE to have add-ons. Powerful and sufficient without a lot of bells and whistles.
I'd like to know why panning and pinch to zoom is smoother on Dolphin mini? Then on Dolphin HD?
I'd like to know why panning and pinch to zoom is smoother on Dolphin mini? Then on Dolphin HD?
Great browser, light and fast. I just wish it didn't refresh all my tabs when I switch apps. Also has a small bug with reopening tabs I closed.
Best browser I have seen.
Best browser I have seen.
has many things HD lacks, such as superior 'select text' method, 'open in background' option, and keeps the header bar on page to easily switch tabs
It is light and very fast on my Samsung Gravity Smart. My browser of choice.
It is light and very fast on my Samsung Gravity Smart. My browser of choice.
Takes up less space than the og dolphin browser, seems to run faster ..only - is doesn't have the customization of the full version.
Takes up less space than the og dolphin browser, seems to run faster ..only - is doesn't have the customization of the full version.
haven't tried all the browsers available but this is hands down the best I've used
LOVE the simplicity compared to HD yet all the important features are there, but 37 sec load time on a page compared to 16 sec on HD!?! No thank you!
LOVE the simplicity compared to HD yet all the important features are there, but 37 sec load time on a page compared to 16 sec on HD!?! No thank you!
More fluid than Dolphin HD and a better alternative than other browsers, but desperately needs the search on page feature
More fluid than Dolphin HD and a better alternative than other browsers, but desperately needs the search on page feature
I had used d full Dolphin HD, n im loving this compact sized Dolphin. Love d fullscreen feature, would love to see "Custom" for "user agent" for this.
This browser is everything a mobile browser needs to be, and nothing it doesn't. Vastly preferable to the stock browser included on my phone.
This browser is everything a mobile browser needs to be, and nothing it doesn't. Vastly preferable to the stock browser included on my phone.
So close but has major problem- can't hide addressbar/tabbar at top without going fullscreen. I want to hide them but still see phone notification bar
So close but has major problem- can't hide addressbar/tabbar at top without going fullscreen. I want to hide them but still see phone notification bar
Tab switching is superb. Very fast compared to all other browsers on my g2. Wish it had imported my book marks. Amount of Pop up ads are terrible
Better Than bloated hd version. Only miss delicious
Best browser for android! Helps me download zip files!!!!
Super fast browser I was a boat browser fan but it recently force closes, I switched to this an I'm happy!
but facebook messages on facebook (desktop view) are displayed wrong.you can't zoom and look at the messages correctly.
Great browser. I just wish i could get a flash ad blocking plugin but hey this is a mini version. Color themes would be groovy too.
Great browser. I just wish i could get a flash ad blocking plugin but hey this is a mini version. Color themes would be groovy too.
Awesome stuff...does all that the HD version does and is economical on space too. Great work guys.!!
Makes the jittery scrolling on my Archos 70 smooth like an I-tampon.
Makes the jittery scrolling on my Archos 70 smooth like an I-tampon.
Best looking. Super fast. Simple and just great! I give it a 5!
faster and simpler UI than dolphin HD without bloat.
faster and simpler UI than dolphin HD without bloat.
Its very good for videos and also very fast so thts a five star from me
If you have it don't need the flash player installed. Nice app! LG optimus. ...AR...
If you have it don't need the flash player installed. Nice app! LG optimus. ...AR...
Absolutely love it. My regular browser keeps crashing, this one rarely does. Have not upgraded to latest version. Eris
This is the only browser to let you play flash audio in background (playback won't be interrupted even the screen is off).
Tried a number of browsers, definitely my favorite!
Agree with all positive comments here. Excellent. Also agree only thing missing is background colour option
Agree with all positive comments here. Excellent. Also agree only thing missing is background colour option
Agree with all positive comments here. Excellent. Also agree only thing missing is background colour option
Agree with all positive comments here. Excellent. Also agree only thing missing is background colour option
This is excellent. pretty fast on my defy. for some reason I'm liking this better than Dolphin browser HD. I'm in love with this app. :)
This is excellent. pretty fast on my defy. for some reason I'm liking this better than Dolphin browser HD. I'm in love with this app. :)
This is my favorite browser that I've used. I highly recommend this for an enjoyable experience. Droid x
Its work easy & fast.. I lyk it.
It has the extra features that opera mini lacks but is almost as fast.
The best browser is this browser , keep up the good work dev team
This is not only the best browser available,it is also one of the best app available for free in android market..
Exceeds any means of expectations. this app just converted my phone into a handheld google chrome.
After two our of use I'm making it my default browser. Tried Opera but to but I like rhizome. Love the gestures options!
Great browser. Like it better than Opera. Seems to have better resolution than Opera as well.
Sometimes I am unable to scroll the page, but good browser
Sometimes I am unable to scroll the page, but good browser
Fix the bugs before I will dowload
So not worth the smaller size. Never loads pages and crashes all the time.
So not worth the smaller size. Never loads pages and crashes all the time.
Great, that's how the default browser should look & feel like. I'd only change the UI to match the system framework.
Great, that's how the default browser should look & feel like. I'd only change the UI to match the system framework.
Fast on d3
Fast on d3
Updates making it better and better- OG droid
Any chance we can change the color to something more neutral? Like gray or something?
Was better b4 the upgrade. Slower to load and pages freeze.
But for some reason the orientation lock never sticks after I reboot my SGS2. Also, it would be great to have the ability to change the default colour.
Best Browser 4 Android !!
Stops loading pages when on wi-fi..Samsung Intercept
Happy wit dis app
better than its HD brother, opera, firefox, stock & others. its THE browser for android, just wish more people knew about it!!
better than its HD brother, opera, firefox, stock & others. its THE browser for android, just wish more people knew about it!!
better than its HD brother, opera, firefox, stock & others. its THE browser for android, just wish more people knew about it!!
Totally lovin' it on the EVO 3D...loads up really fast and flash videos are played with no hiccups.
Had used Dolphin about a year back. And it dint seem that great at the time. Used Opera. Installed Dolphin again recently, & I see it works great now.
I used the HD version but I find the mini version much better. In particular I had no use foe the Webzine. Mini is the BEST!
This browser consumers alot of memory, is slow and has many bugs. I prefer dolphin browser hd over this one.
The new update made it even better, because its so much faster. I definitely recommend.
The new update made it even better, because its so much faster. I definitely recommend.
Best browser out there, works perfect on my rooted evo.
Way better than default browser and faster! Must have app! And it plays videos that the others didn't!
Quite frankly ... how do I make this my default browser ? Yes , it is that good !
This is the best browser. It's fast and it doesn't ever freeze up! It is my default browser!
It's kind of weird that old tabs I closed reappears without fail. I don't like that.
It's kind of weird that old tabs I closed reappears without fail. I don't like that.
Dolphin browser mini is pretty fast! I think it'll be a while before I switch to a different browser!
Works well for mytouch 3g slide. Love the way it looks and not too slow, for the most part.
Best current browser. No single Android browser does it all. This comes close and runs while in background, so downloads and audio keep running.
Best current browser. No single Android browser does it all. This comes close and runs while in background, so downloads and audio keep running.
Cool features and way more organized than the HD version. But I miss having your own home screen.
Been a Dolphin HD user for a year now, but I really like Dolphin Mini and haven't used HD in a week
Been a Dolphin HD user for a year now, but I really like Dolphin Mini and haven't used HD in a week
Been a Dolphin HD user for a year now, but I really like Dolphin Mini and haven't used HD in a week
Much better than dolphin hd which was buggy and slow even on my fast phone. Love this version of dolphin!
Much better dan the Dolphin HD app.. love it 5 stars an takes up less space
Much better dan the Dolphin HD app.. love it 5 stars an takes up less space
Much better dan the Dolphin HD app.. love it 5 stars an takes up less space
A
A
I replaced Opera Mini with Dolphin Browser Mini, as Opera Mini uses Opera's Servers, I am unable to log in to the Wi-Fi hotspot agreement page. Dolphin Browser Mini is a great browser, as it is fast. I recommend this browser for people with entry-level Android phones, as it is lightweight.
Can switch from android to desktop mode, has tabs, bookmarks and history list are easily accessible. Has private browsing, etc. its my default browser
I've got this issue on all browsers. When google image, the image will stop loading at the page 14. Its definitely not my internet. Hmmm...
Much improved zoom in/out experience on Droid Incredible since last update. Still happy my DInc and happy with this powerful yet lightweight browser.
All the features of Opera Mobile without the rediculously high RAM usage and the crashes! Awesome browser, switched from Opera Mobile.
All the features of Opera Mobile without the rediculously high RAM usage and the crashes! Awesome browser, switched from Opera Mobile.
All the features of Opera Mobile without the rediculously high RAM usage and the crashes! Awesome browser, switched from Opera Mobile.
Awesome
Best mobile browser
Best mobile browser
Keep the updates coming. My favorite because audio or video can still play in background tabs. Has slowed a bit on Transformer since HC 3.2 though.
Works well no problems.
Dolphin HD is a good browser, but i prefer the Mini. Its sime and fast!
The best! A nimble browser with all the functions I need. Replaced dolphin hd for me. No issues on the G2
Mini is back!!! Wooo! Love this, use it daily, thank you for resuming development. HTC Legend
Love it. Tried so many different browsers always come back to this one. Much prefer the mini version
BEST BROWSER EVER! Has everything including flash, javascript and PRIVATE BROWSING! No more worries about saving bank info. Very fast Droid incredible
Best lightweight alternative to standard browser. Works best with high speed connections, use opera mini for slow ones.
Good app.
Good app.
Good app.
Good app.
Fast
Fast
My browser closes every time I tried to switch to Desktop Facebook site. Same experience with some sites priviewed in desktop mode. Dell Streak
Text selection has been FIXED! THANKS
Text selection has been FIXED! THANKS
Text selection has been FIXED! THANKS
Text selection has been FIXED! THANKS
Great, light browser. It has replaced both Dolphin HD and the default browser for me.
Mini has replaced HD for me. Really liking the new icon. Evo 3D
Best browser out there, plus recommend HD for extreme browsing features. Plus I kinda like the new icons so :P
Best browser out there, plus recommend HD for extreme browsing features. Plus I kinda like the new icons so :P
Best browser out there, plus recommend HD for extreme browsing features. Plus I kinda like the new icons so :P
Best browser out there, plus recommend HD for extreme browsing features. Plus I kinda like the new icons so :P
Great work on this update! Fixed the select text option. Experiencing no problems at all with this fast, clean and functional browser! Best on Android
Great work on this update! Fixed the select text option. Experiencing no problems at all with this fast, clean and functional browser! Best on Android
Best browser for android... They need to have different color choices though. Getting bored of green.
Best browser for android... They need to have different color choices though. Getting bored of green.
Best browser for android... They need to have different color choices though. Getting bored of green.
Best browser for android... They need to have different color choices though. Getting bored of green.
Pls update it frequently like dolphin hd..
Amazingly practical!
Clean...and it gets better with age...
Tabs are awesome!
Have stopped using recently as too many things don't flow smoothly. Also I really want text reflow to work when you zoom in not just double tap
It's small, fast, and yet somehow still offers a full experience. Very nice.
Responsive dev, constant improvements, sweet app is Android standard for browser.
Responsive dev, constant improvements, sweet app is Android standard for browser.
Still the best. Better/faster/smoother than HD
Love it: lock window, cache to sd card Problem: its still caching to internal storage even set to use sdcard
A little faster than factory browser, but won't allow me to set my own homepage.
A little faster than factory browser, but won't allow me to set my own homepage.
My new favorite browser. Not as fast as opera mini, but way better at rendering pages (eg. Facebook) and much better tabbed interface.
My new favorite browser. Not as fast as opera mini, but way better at rendering pages (eg. Facebook) and much better tabbed interface.
My new favorite browser. Not as fast as opera mini, but way better at rendering pages (eg. Facebook) and much better tabbed interface.
My new favorite browser. Not as fast as opera mini, but way better at rendering pages (eg. Facebook) and much better tabbed interface.
Works 10x better and efficient then stock browser LG Revolution 4G LTE. Did I mention its very quick even with pages that have alot of flash video...
Why bother to have a "confirm on exit " configuration option? It has never worked. One always has to confirm on exit regardless. Very annoying
Why bother to have a "confirm on exit " configuration option? It has never worked. One always has to confirm on exit regardless. Very annoying
An update with full html5 support will be good. Plus make it faster again like the early versions.
Beats the snot out of the default browser. Super fast, excellent media integration, tabs & gestures work flawlessly. HTC Evo 3D.
Beats the snot out of the default browser. Super fast, excellent media integration, tabs & gestures work flawlessly. HTC Evo 3D.
My favorite browser! I like using the hardware volume buttons to switch tabs! HTC Sensation
Perfect! Fast and User friendly! If you enjoy Google chrome on your pc, this is the android phone equivalent. Please add themes :-)
Id like to be able to assign different user agent defaults for each of my bookmarks
Id like to be able to assign different user agent defaults for each of my bookmarks
focus on this, not on hd!
Relatively fast, but immensely versatile. Quickly became my favorite browser on LG Optimus One.
This browser is much better then the dolphin hd 6.0
like pdf viewer feature, i could view pdf, ppt, doc online but not to download firstly. Great job!
like pdf viewer feature, i could view pdf, ppt, doc online but not to download firstly. Great job!
Very easy to use and its quick and has a nice user interface. I have had the standard browser in the past but didnt need all the featurers slowing it
Even if I overclock fully it's not nearly as fast as opera mini when underclocked
This is the best, hands down. Far cleaner and less clunky than HD. Simple, fast and easy to use. The best browser out there.
This is the best, hands down. Far cleaner and less clunky than HD. Simple, fast and easy to use. The best browser out there.
Intuitive, blazing fast and stable. After 5 years, I finally have a reason to ditch Opera Mini. Great job guys!
Superbly designed for speed; leaves the stock Droid browser in the dust in so many ways. (And there's not even a locked down Verizon bookmark).
Force closes when I try to open settings.
Force closes when I try to open settings.
Really fast.
Really fast.
I actually enjoy browsing on my mobile now. Excellent browser. Waaaay better than dolphin HD even.
I actually enjoy browsing on my mobile now. Excellent browser. Waaaay better than dolphin HD even.
Sucker App.. No Rendering According To A Particular Device At All !! Loads Desktop View Which Makes Reading Tough..
Same as a previous poster: this is everything I need, without the annoying things I didn't need in the HD version. Particularly like the gestures.
So much better than the HD version. Also much better than other mobile browsers (including opera).
Browser supports 128 bit ssl encryption needed for my online banking. A great app that runs smooth and easy without lagging. Xperia arc with gb 2.3.3
Fastest & most stable. Love how light it is. Prefer this over HD. HTC Desire 2.2
Good browser, but lately slow and refusing to load Facebook mobile when other browsers do. Uninstalled for Opera Mini
very fast on my slow phone. much better for low end phones then dolphin browser hd
Very good but the top address bar and tab bar should hide itself when you scroll down. Right now, it takes up lots of real estate
I've used a few browsers on my phone. None are as good as the Dolphin Browser. None. Maxthon comes close. Samsung Epic.
This is just like Opera.Obviously you people haven't tried SKYFIRE. Try SKYFIRE PEOPLE!!!! FASTER AND IT HAS FLASH BUILT IN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SKYFIRE!
Might be a problem with the cm7 dx nightly I'm on, but having issues with the menu button causing fc's.
Had this on my samsung intercept and loved it. It's richer than the stock browser app without feeling bloated.
A rock solid, stable performer, but lacks speed. Does it all well, but slower than it was 8 months ago.
A rock solid, stable performer, but lacks speed. Does it all well, but slower than it was 8 months ago.
A rock solid, stable performer, but lacks speed. Does it all well, but slower than it was 8 months ago.
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Just installed, but so far classier & more user friendly than Opera. Also, faster than and doesn't Force Close like the stock browser. HTC Incredible
Very good. Just like opera's GUI a bit better. That is a matter of taste.
no problems yet. love tabs and like the enhanced privacy.
My default browser along with Dolphin HD as a secondary. It's pretty subjective which is better, but I prefer Mini.
It's so retarded that the back button goes to the start up page. Shouldn't it go to the previous page? Retards!
This has been the browser of choice for me. It is fast, stable and i haven't experienced any issues.
Address bar should be auto hide or reduce the height in landscape mode, orientation lock reset if browser closed.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Was working great but now reopens tabs I closed and didn't want opened. VERY annoying! Please fix. HTC EVO 4G.
Great features but now Crashes a lot on my Samsung Galaxy Ace, Devs please fix the bug fast!
I use this browser everyday and I love it. It's so much faster and easier than the stock one on my mytouch 4g.
If I could enable it to hide the address bar like the stock browser and add a second page of quick links it would be perfect. Props.
Great app. I only wish the pinch zoom was a bit smoother and url bar had autohide. Great otherwise!! Droid Eris.
Great app. I only wish the pinch zoom was a bit smoother and url bar had autohide. Great otherwise!! Droid Eris.
Works really well on my rooted 2.2 evo.... have tried a handful of others and like this one the best
I love it but the select text/copy/paste isn't working correctly. The "pins" are appearing on the top left of the page instead of on chosen text :(
About the only browser I use. Could u plz make private browsing so that when the browser is closed, the cookies aren't saved? Like on the PC..
About the only browser I use. Could u plz make private browsing so that when the browser is closed, the cookies aren't saved? Like on the PC..
About the only browser I use. Could u plz make private browsing so that when the browser is closed, the cookies aren't saved? Like on the PC..
About the only browser I use. Could u plz make private browsing so that when the browser is closed, the cookies aren't saved? Like on the PC..
good browser...best among all the browsers that hv used.hving some issues with scrolling...couldnt see scrollers inside some webpages
good browser...best among all the browsers that hv used.hving some issues with scrolling...couldnt see scrollers inside some webpages
good browser...best among all the browsers that hv used.hving some issues with scrolling...couldnt see scrollers inside some webpages
Much better than Dolphin HD these days, simple and fast but still a great interface
I love the simplicity and the ability to always see tabbed browsing up top. Would be perfect with LastPass and themes.
Good. But it often crashes; this is a major issue to me.No new search engines can be added; it can be done in opera. Galaxy.
Simply the best browser. It has all the functions i need and pretty fast too
Simply the best browser. It has all the functions i need and pretty fast too
Simply the best browser. It has all the functions i need and pretty fast too
Simply the best browser. It has all the functions i need and pretty fast too
Simply the best browser. It has all the functions i need and pretty fast too
Very slow on loading pages. Some pages won't even load. Have to use Opera now. It's ugly, but it loads webpages. Dolphin doesn't any more.
Wtf! In private browsing it still remembers my history and keeps me logged into yelp and facebook.
This browser is SOOO much better than the regular DolphinHD. Developers -incorporate the color themes & you get 5 stars. Samsung Captivate Froyo
This browser is SOOO much better than the regular DolphinHD. Developers -incorporate the color themes & you get 5 stars. Samsung Captivate Froyo
For me - better than opera. More good functions, shows some pages, whitch opera doesn't show
I always thought Opera Mini was the best but not anymore...this browser is fastest i've used
Throw out Opera, Skyfire and the **** stock browser, This is da one and only!
Throw out Opera, Skyfire and the **** stock browser, This is da one and only!
It's very fast and has many features, but after the latest updates the HD browser runs very smoothly as well, so I stay with it.
Very good but with many bugs. V. often you need to restart the browser in order to load pages. Pinch zoom does not always auto adjust screen size.
It is really useful. I love it! Thank you soooo much for an excellence device
It is really useful. I love it! Thank you soooo much for an excellence device
Love it. I tried opera but didn't like it. At times it was faster but dolphin has more features that I like. Runs great on my droid x.
Fast but opera mini is faster.. However this one wins because it supports flash Galaxy S 4g Froyo
Wow! My favorite app right now and I have a bunch. Incredibly fast and intuitive. -Vibrant
It's good, but almost always fails in downloading torrent files... Check KickassTorrents. Files can't be opened with a torrent client...
Awesome, used this for five minutes and see the difference already. Uninstalling the regular Dolphin Browser now
Desktop view + Flash support. Awesome. Much better than Skyfire or Opera. It's really a coin toss between this and Dolphin HD. DX 2.2 froyo
Doesn't support flext9 keyboard, so despite how good it is, it's unusable with flext9
The title says it all. Other browsers may have some cool features, but they also all have glaring faults; Dolphin Mini has none. I used to use Dolphin HD, but it is bloated and rather slow on my phone (DX w/ Froyo). Regular Dolphin had UI issues, Xscope had issues with the taskbar popping in and out when I scrolled. Firefox was just a load. But Dolphin Mini? It's light, it's slick, it's not annoying, and it works great! @Michael - Odd; I watch videos in Dolphin Mini all the time.
The title says it all. Other browsers may have some cool features, but they also all have glaring faults; Dolphin Mini has none. I used to use Dolphin HD, but it is bloated and rather slow on my phone (DX w/ Froyo). Regular Dolphin had UI issues, Xscope had issues with the taskbar popping in and out when I scrolled. Firefox was just a load. But Dolphin Mini? It's light, it's slick, it's not annoying, and it works great! @Michael - Odd; I watch videos in Dolphin Mini all the time.
I've tried it all skyfire, Firefox,opera and this browser beats all of them in speed and simplicity. Keep up the good work 5stars!
I started w/ Dolph hd then went to mini. Mini is the best! clean UI and unlimited tabs. Excellent customer support as well
I started w/ Dolph hd then went to mini. Mini is the best! clean UI and unlimited tabs. Excellent customer support as well
I started w/ Dolph hd then went to mini. Mini is the best! clean UI and unlimited tabs. Excellent customer support as well
Better than opera mini.tried both usability wise and performance this is the best...just try gmail in opera mini and same in dolphin mini u wil find..
Great browser!! Have not had a issue with it yet....quick with the load time too!! Totally recommend!
Great browser!! Have not had a issue with it yet....quick with the load time too!! Totally recommend!
Really great app, it works great and it has tabs and lot of options! Sometimes it crashes but still very fast.
Really great app, it works great and it has tabs and lot of options! Sometimes it crashes but still very fast.
Really great app, it works great and it has tabs and lot of options! Sometimes it crashes but still very fast.
Like HD version better... mini is slower with less features and not much smaller install file.
After using it for 2 works, I've gone back to default browser. It takes forever to load pages, even if its just one tab.
Faster and smother than others, love it. Still, need larger X's on tabs, skins/colors and function to add favorites from bookmarks! Thanks!
I've been using it for only 5 minutes, & already see it's the best app EVER! Droid 1
Phone keeps restarting during use since install. Uninstalled. Otherwise seems faster than Opera. Liked full screen mode
Light & very fast in my dell streak. Thanks for providing best browser. Request: pls add option as opera turbo so that it will be useful for 2G users.
Absolutly love it. I should have downloaded this months ago. Dont mind the colors at all, keep it simple and fast!
Best mobile browser ever !!! Personally I prefer dolphin browser mini to dolphin browser hd Its user interface is better and it's more light-weighted
Best mobile browser ever !!! Personally I prefer dolphin browser mini to dolphin browser hd Its user interface is better and it's more light-weighted
I really like it but it I have to constantly keep settingit as my default.
I really like it but it I have to constantly keep settingit as my default.
IMO the BEST browser available! Fell in love with it almost instantly...Love the gestures feature for shortcuts! -HTC Thunderbolt and Acer Iconia Tab
I like the speed this browsers load sites, but I have trouble with screen sensitivity...which make it hard to move down a page.
Best browser that I found fast and easy to navigate also not bloated use as my default browser and if your phone can run flash it can handle that too
Best browser that I found fast and easy to navigate also not bloated use as my default browser and if your phone can run flash it can handle that too
Better than opera! Would have given 5 if it started displaying pages as it downloaded, and not after it has completed downloading fully!
OMG, I love this browser, even better than Dolphin Browser HD! I personally find that it is very fast. Lightweight and works perfectly on HTC Evo.
Dont normally review apps but this is incredible! Pages load lightning fast...almost like I have a new phone!
The tabs make this my favorite browser but often pages hang while loading and fail to display anything.
Now THIS is what you call a mobile web browser! much better than the factory browser.
Now THIS is what you call a mobile web browser! much better than the factory browser.
Now THIS is what you call a mobile web browser! much better than the factory browser.
I would only ever use opera mini when i used symbian,but since I've switched to android the lack of an exit button means I've moved to dolphin mini.
I would only ever use opera mini when i used symbian,but since I've switched to android the lack of an exit button means I've moved to dolphin mini.
I would only ever use opera mini when i used symbian,but since I've switched to android the lack of an exit button means I've moved to dolphin mini.
I'm impressed... lightweight but so powerful. Oh.. and it actually has an exit button!
I'm impressed... lightweight but so powerful. Oh.. and it actually has an exit button!
I'm impressed... lightweight but so powerful. Oh.. and it actually has an exit button!
Best browser I've found so far. Almost no problems. Only gripe is obnoxious back and forward buttons popping up constantly. Give option to disable!
Best browser I've found so far. Almost no problems. Only gripe is obnoxious back and forward buttons popping up constantly. Give option to disable!
Best browser I've found so far. Almost no problems. Only gripe is obnoxious back and forward buttons popping up constantly. Give option to disable!
Fast fetching, very nice interface, but quite unresponsive compared to standard browser. Motorola milestone 2.2
App would be a lot better if the thing would quit making me refresh just to click a link. It just highlights but won't go. Have to refresh to click!!!
Awesome browser. Need to add smart full screen like miren browser. More themes built into browser. For us themers.
Who knew my phone could be this fast!! I never saw pages load so fast, this is fantastic! LG Optimus V
Who knew my phone could be this fast!! I never saw pages load so fast, this is fantastic! LG Optimus V
Very good. Best, clean browser available. Better than complex HD version. Super quick too.
Used it before and didn't like it. Tried it again and it improved quite a bit
Truly amazing browser. Much better than the default browser in samsung galaxy tab. Smooth, no fcs and one can easily login to https sites.
Truly amazing browser. Much better than the default browser in samsung galaxy tab. Smooth, no fcs and one can easily login to https sites.
Truly amazing browser. Much better than the default browser in samsung galaxy tab. Smooth, no fcs and one can easily login to https sites.
Very clean, very efficient, very fast. Much prefer this over the other dolphin offerings. Desire HD.
Love the browser, been using for a long time. Just moved to the galaxy s2 though and now every time of turn off automatic brightness, it turns back on
Love the browser, been using for a long time. Just moved to the galaxy s2 though and now every time of turn off automatic brightness, it turns back on
EVERYTHING takes forever to load, and never finishes doing so! Dolphin HD is SO much better, but takes up too much space, so I'm forced to use this.
Its much better than opera and skyfire.easy to change tab,got gesture mode.love it.give it a try!
Good. no complains. Webkit based. Reformat the layout of some fmous websites, fb, gmail, etc
Good. no complains. Webkit based. Reformat the layout of some fmous websites, fb, gmail, etc
Started offering to install some crap on every start. Problem gone after 3 reinstalls. Great browser but removal will be final if this happens again
Started offering to install some crap on every start. Problem gone after 3 reinstalls. Great browser but removal will be final if this happens again
Started offering to install some crap on every start. Problem gone after 3 reinstalls. Great browser but removal will be final if this happens again
Love everything about it, but I would kill to see a "prevent screen sleep" option as is in Dolphin HD.
Love everything about it, but I would kill to see a "prevent screen sleep" option as is in Dolphin HD.
Love everything about it, but I would kill to see a "prevent screen sleep" option as is in Dolphin HD.
Love everything about it, but I would kill to see a "prevent screen sleep" option as is in Dolphin HD.
I just started with this so will see how it go. 5 start for now thanks for all the help. Evo
Has a bug that keeps bringing back certain closed tabs even after clearing history & cache. Really annoying! Uninstalled. EVO
Has a bug that keeps bringing back certain closed tabs even after clearing history & cache. Really annoying! Uninstalled. EVO
Has a bug that keeps bringing back certain closed tabs even after clearing history & cache. Really annoying! Uninstalled. EVO
Its a great alternative to the stock browser but, Opera Mobile Mini is much faster and smoother. DroidX
lacks flash though!
lacks flash though!
Best browser for my midrange android...has all the features...just like chrome...;)
Best browser for my midrange android...has all the features...just like chrome...;)
Switched to thos from the HD verison because it keeps crashing. Still the best broswer for andriod in my mind. Epic 4g
Needed more space on phone and was happy to see a mini version of this wonderful browser! Recommended to anyone on an android device
Loads fast, runs fast, so far 0 problems, love it!
Loads fast, runs fast, so far 0 problems, love it!
Just forget abt opera mini. Which their speed r slowest. dhophin mini r the best browser for nw
Just forget abt opera mini. Which their speed r slowest. dhophin mini r the best browser for nw
Just forget abt opera mini. Which their speed r slowest. dhophin mini r the best browser for nw
Definately the best browser. it would be perfect if you could change the colour scheme from green. Please leave a comment if you agree.
This app is awesome! Far better than default browser! Love the speed dial feature! Evo 4g.
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
Good browser but asks to confirm on exit when using back button regardless of the in app setting. Sgs epic
When are you going to fix the glitch that causes the same tab to multiply like rabbits???
Awesome. Better than the HD version which is too heavy on the battery. And the speed is unbelievable. Never going back to the stock browser.Great work
Its better than opera mobile. Fast too. Auto magnify to pages, now that's a nice touch. But just being fast got me sold...
Overall, it's a very good browser. Although, I'm not really sure of what's the difference between Dolphin mini and HD
Fast, powerful, and responsive - but sometimes stops loading all pages until restarted
Fast, powerful, and responsive - but sometimes stops loading all pages until restarted
Works great on the Xoom but needs an option to "open in new tab".It would be perfect then.
Works great on the Xoom but needs an option to "open in new tab".It would be perfect then.
Its not perfect but it's very user-friendly, lightweight and a fun browser to use.
Best browser so far. I have tried the default browser, skyfire and firefox. This is the best browser I have seen so far. And its pretty fast.
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
Freezes/restarts device frequently. Just a warning for those running rooted 2.3.3 on Droid X. Still the best browser app by far when working well
I was having frequent (2+ times a day) restarts, which have ceased not that I uninstalled from my Motorola Backflip. Hopefully once I get a better phone, this wouldn't really be an issue. The browser also had to be frequently restarted. If I left the browser open and switched back after using other apps, pages would frequently not refresh/load.
I was having frequent (2+ times a day) restarts, which have ceased not that I uninstalled from my Motorola Backflip. Hopefully once I get a better phone, this wouldn't really be an issue. The browser also had to be frequently restarted. If I left the browser open and switched back after using other apps, pages would frequently not refresh/load.
Nice and fast with almost all the features I need and none I don't. Just wish it could sync with Firefox
id like the url bar to disappear- it takes up too much space, also I wish that wen I close the browser, that it'd save the tabs its really a pain
I wish it supported plugins like the HD version. I really prefer the mini, it makes much more sense on a phone.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Best browser, fast, easy, clean. Luv it - HTC desire @ gchung : close tabs by long press, don't use small close icon.
Очень порадовал - быстро открывается и работает, неплохой встроенный менеджер загрузок)
Очень порадовал - быстро открывается и работает, неплохой встроенный менеджер загрузок)
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
Speed dial is awesome. This version beats the hd version. When I can remove the exit confirmation it will get 5 stars.
Still confirm upon exit, otherwise have unchecked on setting. Have no choice to hide status bar in not full screen mode. Uninstalled. Sgalaxy 5
Still confirm upon exit, otherwise have unchecked on setting. Have no choice to hide status bar in not full screen mode. Uninstalled. Sgalaxy 5
Very impressive, works great on my N1, fast & easy & power,EX the tab button and toolbox in menu. 
Great browser! Doesn't always seem to adjust text width when I zoom, though, and I really wish it was addon-capable!
Used opera for a bit and just decided today to try some others. I'll be using this one from now on. V good
Droid x, like it. Default browser faulty so Ive tried a few, this is my fav so far.
Used to love this browser. Now, it refuses to update and crashes frequently. LG ally.
OMFG! COULD THIS LOAD PAGES ANY SLOWER ON WIFI EVEN? UNINSTALL!! NICE UI THO. DX 2.3.340
I just discovered how 2 save page. Works really great on my Legend. Great work guys! even better than HD. Fast & clutter free.
Great browser! Fast and stable! (Droid 2.3) But, could really use an overhaul on aesthetics. Let us change/disable the tab bar, back button, color.
So much better than built-in Android browser...and I like it better than Opera. It's really great!
So much better than built-in Android browser...and I like it better than Opera. It's really great!
No matter which of the browsers I try I always come back to dolphin mini. It's clean, simple, intuitive and just works. Devs respond too. Desire 2.2
The fastest browser so far on my Samsung Captivate. Has everything I want! Terrific!
Is quick to load, but slower than the stock browser when loading web pages. Has an exit button
Keeps sending me error messages and I heard back from thier tech support that it cannot be set as the default browser uninstalling into that fixed
Keeps sending me error messages and I heard back from thier tech support that it cannot be set as the default browser uninstalling into that fixed
Keeps sending me error messages and I heard back from thier tech support that it cannot be set as the default browser uninstalling into that fixed
Keeps sending me error messages and I heard back from thier tech support that it cannot be set as the default browser uninstalling into that fixed
Great efficient browser. "Find on Page" option IS in the browser menu next to the address bar
Good, but with the missinng features like 'find on page' not better than competition. The HD version however is.
Good, but with the missinng features like 'find on page' not better than competition. The HD version however is.
Good, but with the missinng features like 'find on page' not better than competition. The HD version however is.
Good, but with the missinng features like 'find on page' not better than competition. The HD version however is.
Keep coming back to this. Miren too slow. Hd to big. This is speedy and I love the interface
It's faster than some, but without the ability to copy-paste its a major failure. Back to the market I go for an alternative.
It's faster than some, but without the ability to copy-paste its a major failure. Back to the market I go for an alternative.
It's faster than some, but without the ability to copy-paste its a major failure. Back to the market I go for an alternative.
This thing is way too freaking handy to jump out on the net and do some light surfing. Love it and the Dolphin HD. Rooted Droid 1 running at 1.2 gHz
This thing is way too freaking handy to jump out on the net and do some light surfing. Love it and the Dolphin HD. Rooted Droid 1 running at 1.2 gHz
Great on my 1 year old HTC Hero. Contains all the essential features while maintaining high performance even on low end devices!
Does the new beta 2 have a "find on page" option? I cant find it and i wont use this without it. Otherwise love it!
Does the new beta 2 have a "find on page" option? I cant find it and i wont use this without it. Otherwise love it!
Love the speed. Just wish I knew how to make my phone run faster. It is somtime slow at times.
Love the speed. Just wish I knew how to make my phone run faster. It is somtime slow at times.
Better then its predecessor in speed and ease of use. Like more than xscope and Miriam browsers too, keep coming back.
Better then its predecessor in speed and ease of use. Like more than xscope and Miriam browsers too, keep coming back.
Better then its predecessor in speed and ease of use. Like more than xscope and Miriam browsers too, keep coming back.
It's a great browser, switched over from HD back when it came out. Couldnt tell much of a difference at first but i think its better for battery life.
Works much better than other browsers that I tried. Very intuitive & easy to use. Have no problems with it.
Super fast on my Droid Inc. Much better then the HTC default browser, and FireFox.
Wonderful! Better than Opera Mini :) ... and who doesn't love dolphins?? -LG Optimus M
I tried Dolphin HD first and it is great. Then I tried the mini and I actually like it even better! Fast, easy browsing. Works perfect on Galaxy Tab.
This app use to work real now tabs keep opening even after complete exit. Which slows down the load up of he browser. Videos and flash work sporadical
good app :) there all the Same speed , its all about the network company , if you got fast internet then ur browsing would be fast , period -.-
good app :) there all the Same speed , its all about the network company , if you got fast internet then ur browsing would be fast , period -.-
Excellent, super fast compared with Firefox, Opera which I tried earlier.
Excellent browser! The only thing that needs to change is the Android menu bar should show up in full screen when you press MENU.
Excellent browser! The only thing that needs to change is the Android menu bar should show up in full screen when you press MENU.
Liking the low memory footprint; helps being able to set cache to SD card. Feels fast even compared with Opera (mobile) especially on tab switching. Only browser I have found so far that loads some Flash-based parnoramic photos (even though Android 2.1+HTC only has Flash-lite). Full screen option - great - UI only appears as needed and overlays without slow animation effects. Gestures - still getting used to, might try some custom ones. Will be trying HD version too. I give few 5-stars but it's worth it.
Liking the low memory footprint; helps being able to set cache to SD card. Feels fast even compared with Opera (mobile) especially on tab switching. Only browser I have found so far that loads some Flash-based parnoramic photos (even though Android 2.1+HTC only has Flash-lite). Full screen option - great - UI only appears as needed and overlays without slow animation effects. Gestures - still getting used to, might try some custom ones. Will be trying HD version too. I give few 5-stars but it's worth it.
SWEET!!! SPOILs me, & makes using the Browser, into FUNCTIONAL time!! BRAVO devs! (MoDro)
SWEET!!! SPOILs me, & makes using the Browser, into FUNCTIONAL time!! BRAVO devs! (MoDro)
Luv this browser and the speed dial I've always hated the stock browser but luv this
nice, except for the always present url/tab bar. Needs to disapear with scroll as hd and stock
Excellent scrolling compared to other browsers. Perfect zooming with no lags. GALAXY S. Simply the unbeatable browser, just give it a try.
Excellent scrolling compared to other browsers. Perfect zooming with no lags. GALAXY S. Simply the unbeatable browser, just give it a try.
Love this browser but need share function so i can use with "read it later" app
Love this browser but need share function so i can use with "read it later" app
Fast, easy to use, and powerful browser. Seems to work way better than it use to on my Evo. This and my default together take care of my needs.
Best browser on the market! Drop the Mini title though, it really undersells it. Easily better than Dolphin HD.
Great on my HTC evo love it it fast and free . Great app great job
Favorite browser on Android still. Please continue development of this over Dolphin HD. Also, request more frequent updates. We like new features! :)
Functionally, good. But it's caused two major freezes and one total crash and reboot in the last 24 hours.get off my phone!
Functionally, good. But it's caused two major freezes and one total crash and reboot in the last 24 hours.get off my phone!
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Not know enuf 2 compare 2 other apps this typ, but Opera mini did fail b4, on Atrix. Dunno diff between mini or hd browsers? Seems fast smooth running
Fantastic browser, great options and really smooth on htc desire. Love it. Anyone thinking Skyfire is better must be insane. ;-)
US was made for bigger and faster phones... this one was a savior for Tue smaller HTC Hero (sprint)!
US was made for bigger and faster phones... this one was a savior for Tue smaller HTC Hero (sprint)!
US was made for bigger and faster phones... this one was a savior for Tue smaller HTC Hero (sprint)!
The way a moble browser should be: fast, simple, and only the features that matter. This should be the default browser it really is this good.
Compared to other browsers, I find this fits my desires the best. Compared to stock browser- lol, that's a good joke! Evo
Brilliant browser, less cluttered than the hd version. Runs quickly and smoothly on my archos 101 tablet.
Just tried on Droid 1 rooted to GB. Fast, simple, intuitive. Flash is fully functional. My new default browser!
Just tried on Droid 1 rooted to GB. Fast, simple, intuitive. Flash is fully functional. My new default browser!
Just tried on Droid 1 rooted to GB. Fast, simple, intuitive. Flash is fully functional. My new default browser!
I truely did not think a mobile wrb browser could be this fast and responsive! Its way better than the HD version!
I truely did not think a mobile wrb browser could be this fast and responsive! Its way better than the HD version!
I truely did not think a mobile wrb browser could be this fast and responsive! Its way better than the HD version!
Keeps resetting itself, freezing, forces close. Has trouble fully loading pages. LG Optimus
Keeps resetting itself, freezing, forces close. Has trouble fully loading pages. LG Optimus
Been using for over a month now and still very impressed every time I use it. Please allow for editing the position of the speed dials. Thanks.
Maybe the best choice for android. I would only change the ui, which could be annoying for some users and i'd like a bigger speed dial (only 8 sites)
Pretty good but doesn't really justify switching from the stock browser. Streak running 2.2.
Pretty good but doesn't really justify switching from the stock browser. Streak running 2.2.
Lightweight, fast, does tabs. No problems at all. I don't need much more than that! LG Optimus S
Lightweight, fast, does tabs. No problems at all. I don't need much more than that! LG Optimus S
Lightweight, fast, does tabs. No problems at all. I don't need much more than that! LG Optimus S
Lightweight, fast, does tabs. No problems at all. I don't need much more than that! LG Optimus S
Nice and fast browser. But please change the color to blue or black. Theme support would be great too.
Great browser!!!
Great browser!!!
Love it. Very easy to use, I swore that it was a mobile version of google chrome.
Best browser I've come across on android so far. Love the tabs and private browsing
Best browser I've come across on android so far. Love the tabs and private browsing
It always ask me to agree the eula everytime i restart it. Some file seem to fail to create.
It always ask me to agree the eula everytime i restart it. Some file seem to fail to create.
It always ask me to agree the eula everytime i restart it. Some file seem to fail to create.
It always ask me to agree the eula everytime i restart it. Some file seem to fail to create.
It always ask me to agree the eula everytime i restart it. Some file seem to fail to create.
Awesome. Best browser. Will give 5 stars when default zoom is page width on regular pages. Then it will be the absolute best!
Great...application..bt need to hv its own flash player..like skyfire...do improve it that way..otherwise nt bad either..
Great...application..bt need to hv its own flash player..like skyfire...do improve it that way..otherwise nt bad either..
Just like desktop browser. Innovative but the speed is volatile. Opera mini still the fastest.
Nice. Turns most pages 'mobile friendly'. Easy UI, quick data clean up and private browsing option a nice nugget.
Amazing!!!! better than Dolphin HD, way more compatable with Flashplayer v10.2, no more pop-up vids that follow the screen where ever you go...
Better + more convient than the factory browser. Cache can be in the SD card freeing phone memory!
Great in its minimalism & fast, yet still supports gestures & pages don't seem to be missing anything. Icon needs to be more diff from HD tho.
Great in its minimalism & fast, yet still supports gestures & pages don't seem to be missing anything. Icon needs to be more diff from HD tho.
WOW!!~~{shud Be STOCK!!}~~FANTASTIC!!!~~CleaN~~eZ to use~~ loads itself perfectly! Nice to have extra Tabs! SpoilsMe! (MoDro)
If dolphin browser is like firefox for your phone then dolphin mini is like chrome. It's literally that fast and simple. :-)
If dolphin browser is like firefox for your phone then dolphin mini is like chrome. It's literally that fast and simple. :-)
If dolphin browser is like firefox for your phone then dolphin mini is like chrome. It's literally that fast and simple. :-)
If dolphin browser is like firefox for your phone then dolphin mini is like chrome. It's literally that fast and simple. :-)
If dolphin browser is like firefox for your phone then dolphin mini is like chrome. It's literally that fast and simple. :-)
Much much faster than dolphin HD. It's also prettier and more functional. And free. Perfection.
It looks and feels better than opera imo. But is generally not as fast. The speed is inconsistent. Sometimes slows down to a crawl on my Desire HD
I downloaded this and opera mini and I gotta say I like both of them. Did a quick test on both and Opera loaded my colleges website quicker but they both were quicker than the stock browser. I like the layout of dolphin better but opera looks good as well. Overall I like both browsers for different reasons and seeing as I can move them on my sd card I might as well keep them.
Sorry opera <clicks uninstall>.. dolphin's the deal! ** upgraded to dolphin HD v.4.5, I'm so blown away! _captivate on froyo
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Best of the bunch. Easy to use and a small file makes this a must have browser for me. I love how easy it is to change useragent to iPhone for Veoh
Runs great on my Atrix. Very fast. The exit button is why I chose this over opera mini.
Runs great on my Atrix. Very fast. The exit button is why I chose this over opera mini.
I like Mini and US both, but mini feels more like chrome. Which I like.
I like Mini and US both, but mini feels more like chrome. Which I like.
I like Mini and US both, but mini feels more like chrome. Which I like.
The fastest. The smoothest. Only wish it wasn't green! The best Android browser. HTC Desire 2.2
The fastest. The smoothest. Only wish it wasn't green! The best Android browser. HTC Desire 2.2
eating my words...played around a little and found out that it was actually adobes flash update that's messing up...giving your rating back
Update: I've been using Dolphin for about a week now, and it doesn't fail to meet my requirements. I know future updates will only make this better.
I like it, but its missing a few key features that Opera Mini has. Great UI, great tab integration, but just not for me. :)
I like it, but its missing a few key features that Opera Mini has. Great UI, great tab integration, but just not for me. :)
Great so far. Unlike reg Dolphin browser, doesn't open 2 homepage tabs when u enter a search. Loads pages fast! Running Cyanogen 7 on MTslide.
Great so far. Unlike reg Dolphin browser, doesn't open 2 homepage tabs when u enter a search. Loads pages fast! Running Cyanogen 7 on MTslide.
Great so far. Unlike reg Dolphin browser, doesn't open 2 homepage tabs when u enter a search. Loads pages fast! Running Cyanogen 7 on MTslide.
Great so far. Unlike reg Dolphin browser, doesn't open 2 homepage tabs when u enter a search. Loads pages fast! Running Cyanogen 7 on MTslide.
Best browser tried this 3 time thought it was cool but the scrolling and ouch to zoom were bad but since update UI is better and it is smoother
I have tried all the major browsers including Opera and Dolphin blows them all away. Simply the best browser out there.
I have tried all the major browsers including Opera and Dolphin blows them all away. Simply the best browser out there.
Used to use dolphin hd. I like mini better. Its smaller, a little faster and options that I use are more easily accessible
Quick, light, and renders pages well. When it comes to a mobile browser, you rarely need more. This handles multi-touch pinch/zoom well, as well as arranging site text to be readable without having to horizontal scroll. Very nice.
Awesome browser. This was the only browser that worked on my employers web site. Allows me to access their portal from my droid2 where Opera didn't.
My favorite browser hands down. Just wish it had some of the add ons for dolphin hd, like ReadItLater & ability to customize where bookmarks save. EVO
Awesome.. It works excellent in my samsung galaxy.. Fast and also complete for the menu and setting..that make it easy to use.. Love it..
Great fast browser, but the "confirm upon exit" setting does not stop the confirmation window from popping up.
Great fast browser, but the "confirm upon exit" setting does not stop the confirmation window from popping up.
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
Not so fast as opera , when you open it, tabs with old pages reappear even though closed in last session, links in 1st loaded page not responsive
The best browser for android. I tried all the other ones but this has the best zoom and tabs feature!! And i like the gesture feature too!! Is awesome
The best browser for android. I tried all the other ones but this has the best zoom and tabs feature!! And i like the gesture feature too!! Is awesome
The best browser for android. I tried all the other ones but this has the best zoom and tabs feature!! And i like the gesture feature too!! Is awesome
Very speedy and intuitive to use. Might not do everything, but great for everyday use.
Everything about this browser is AMAZING. Great UI, speed is great, gestures work great, feature rich yet simple. Love it :)
Hot stuff... looks cool, easy to use, works well, and WAY less complicated than HD. My current default browser. HTC Aria 2.2
Very fast, simple, and recreates a pc-like browsing experience. Only request would be some theme/color options for this mini version
This one bloody cool... faster.. great ui.. as fast as xscope.. n competition to its Hd version
This one bloody cool... faster.. great ui.. as fast as xscope.. n competition to its Hd version
This one bloody cool... faster.. great ui.. as fast as xscope.. n competition to its Hd version
I love it! Much faster than my stock browser on G2. Tab browsing option is great. Wish there was skins for it....
Awesome browser, but why oh why does it keep loading an old google search page every time I open it.
Awesome browser, but why oh why does it keep loading an old google search page every time I open it.
Very fast yet isn't without all the key features you look for in a browser. Everything you need without the bloat.
The best browser, however sometimes web pages won't finish loading, get stuck at about 1/2 or 3/4 progress and it stops. Have to relaunch browser.
Best no frills browser.fast, great basic feature list.I use non mini version when I need more features
Best no frills browser.fast, great basic feature list.I use non mini version when I need more features
Best no frills browser.fast, great basic feature list.I use non mini version when I need more features
No find on page support? Otherwise, it's a fine browser. The only reason I want to use this over the stock browser is because of the tabbed browsing.
No find on page support? Otherwise, it's a fine browser. The only reason I want to use this over the stock browser is because of the tabbed browsing.
Best browser out. Wish you could set the auto lock to off sometimes just gets in the way.
This is great. I hope there is an option to make the it look like stock browser. Want to see my address on top & notification in fullscreen mode .
This is great. I hope there is an option to make the it look like stock browser. Want to see my address on top & notification in fullscreen mode .
Noticeably slower than Android's stock browser (Galaxy S Froyo). Tabbed browsing really can't make up for that. Also, the green UI is rather ugly.
Noticeably slower than Android's stock browser (Galaxy S Froyo). Tabbed browsing really can't make up for that. Also, the green UI is rather ugly.
Noticeably slower than Android's stock browser (Galaxy S Froyo). Tabbed browsing really can't make up for that. Also, the green UI is rather ugly.
Noticeably slower than Android's stock browser (Galaxy S Froyo). Tabbed browsing really can't make up for that. Also, the green UI is rather ugly.
I keep closing a tab that keeps mysteriously reappearing. Also would be nice if can make selecting text similar to HD. Evo
Was the best, but after long using, it became slow, very slow. Always stop to load the page when it's 10%. I tried to reinstall, clear cache, etc. SGS
Was the best, but after long using, it became slow, very slow. Always stop to load the page when it's 10%. I tried to reinstall, clear cache, etc. SGS
Not bad. Full screen was useful. The app does not show up on the Active Application widget (number is one digit higher, but no name... Galaxy S).
Not bad. Full screen was useful. The app does not show up on the Active Application widget (number is one digit higher, but no name... Galaxy S).
There are several speedy and capable Android browsers available today, but this is the simplest, most intuitive, small footprint'd browser. Brilliant
There are several speedy and capable Android browsers available today, but this is the simplest, most intuitive, small footprint'd browser. Brilliant
Best for my Galaxy S Vibrant. It has features I like from Opera Mini and resident browser. Have wanted a print screen feature, and it has one.
Best for my Galaxy S Vibrant. It has features I like from Opera Mini and resident browser. Have wanted a print screen feature, and it has one.
Best for my Galaxy S Vibrant. It has features I like from Opera Mini and resident browser. Have wanted a print screen feature, and it has one.
I have a slow phone. This app has changed my life. Thank you so much.
I downloaded many different browsers (the default, Opera, xScope, etc) for my Nexus One this by far out shone them all. I just knew how to use it, I am going to use this as my default from now on,
I downloaded many different browsers (the default, Opera, xScope, etc) for my Nexus One this by far out shone them all. I just knew how to use it, I am going to use this as my default from now on,
I was AMAZED at the speed compared to DolphinHD. Not sure if there are add-ons, but the ones I used are already built in this. Very elegant interface!
I was AMAZED at the speed compared to DolphinHD. Not sure if there are add-ons, but the ones I used are already built in this. Very elegant interface!
Much faster and cleaner than Dolphin HD. Lacks extension support, but I much prefer it. This is the best Android browser for me
Much faster and cleaner than Dolphin HD. Lacks extension support, but I much prefer it. This is the best Android browser for me
Much faster and cleaner than Dolphin HD. Lacks extension support, but I much prefer it. This is the best Android browser for me
What is this froyo browser you speak of? With this app, who needs that? Cliq running CM6
Its not as fast as the stock browser but it is nicer to use. Still no Flash either so not entirely worth me keeping it.
Nice UI, light, fast. I haven't had a problem with loading any website yet. This is the only browser you need!
Nice UI, light, fast. I haven't had a problem with loading any website yet. This is the only browser you need!
Nice UI, light, fast. I haven't had a problem with loading any website yet. This is the only browser you need!
Just awesome! Why use up space with Dolphin HS when you can have this little jewel and save a lot of space.
Wish i could ditch the green ui. Otherwise the best browser ive used. Droid 2
Perfect mobile browsing experience. Prefer it to htc desire stock internet app. Has so many more features and the ability to exit to keep memory free
Perfect mobile browsing experience. Prefer it to htc desire stock internet app. Has so many more features and the ability to exit to keep memory free
Perfect mobile browsing experience. Prefer it to htc desire stock internet app. Has so many more features and the ability to exit to keep memory free
Perfect mobile browsing experience. Prefer it to htc desire stock internet app. Has so many more features and the ability to exit to keep memory free
Perfect mobile browsing experience. Prefer it to htc desire stock internet app. Has so many more features and the ability to exit to keep memory free
mini is so much faster than dolphin HD, and it has better features too. I think mini is the dev's sandbox. Addons are the only missing thing
mini is so much faster than dolphin HD, and it has better features too. I think mini is the dev's sandbox. Addons are the only missing thing
UI, great interface options but unfortunately a bit sluggish on my Galaxy S. Uninstalled
UI, great interface options but unfortunately a bit sluggish on my Galaxy S. Uninstalled
UI, great interface options but unfortunately a bit sluggish on my Galaxy S. Uninstalled
UI, great interface options but unfortunately a bit sluggish on my Galaxy S. Uninstalled
UI, great interface options but unfortunately a bit sluggish on my Galaxy S. Uninstalled
Tried skyfire, miren, UC, other dolphins, operas..each one of these has its features but this has the best package..fast, simple,clean UI, functional!
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Y isn't it required for people rating apps to include a lil info bout their phone?!? Its a useless statement w/out it MyTouch3G(3.5mm)froyo2.2.1
Dolphin gave me the best browsing experience I had so far with the android. Fast and simple. Just what I needed on a mobile plataform.
Dolphin gave me the best browsing experience I had so far with the android. Fast and simple. Just what I needed on a mobile plataform.
Miren just added cache to sd. No longer do i have to use this dolphin junk
Decent browser but now its speed is SLOWER THAN MIREN AND STOCK (initially it was faster). I maintain & optimize my phone religiously too (droid x)
It's fast, clean and easy to use. Dolphin hd is too complicated. Though flash support would be nice.
This 2.0 update is smooth. Now it renders pages faster and correct. Use on Lg optimus s. Keep up the goodwork!
This 2.0 update is smooth. Now it renders pages faster and correct. Use on Lg optimus s. Keep up the goodwork!
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Almost prefect. Just missing theme and expose-like switch tab. And maybe a send to chrome feature.
Wow! This browser is awesome I can't believe how much faster and better it is compared to stock browser.
Wow! This browser is awesome I can't believe how much faster and better it is compared to stock browser.
Wow! This browser is awesome I can't believe how much faster and better it is compared to stock browser.
Solid. Consistent. Doesn't double-post on facebook like Opera or take as long as the "pinnwheel". Way better than stock. Thumbs up.
Not bad. A definite improvement over the stock browser. Though if your phone can handle it, I suggest dolphin hd...slicker with awesome addons
This is the best Android Browser. Speed, Superb ui put this browser above the rest. Thank you. N1 2.3.Please add theme support.thank you.
Far better than the native Android browser. Great features. The gestures work well.
This is the first Android browser which really understands the needs of the small screen. Runs full screen, identifies mobile pages, has built in screen cut, quick dial, gestures, tap to enlarge page and pretty well nothing gets in the way. Most of the time it is fast though it does have a bit of a bottleneck loading the last bit of some pages. The somewhat similar Opera Mini is OK but doesn't manage m pages (mobile sites) nearly as well and really that goes to the heart of the experience.
This is the first Android browser which really understands the needs of the small screen. Runs full screen, identifies mobile pages, has built in screen cut, quick dial, gestures, tap to enlarge page and pretty well nothing gets in the way. Most of the time it is fast though it does have a bit of a bottleneck loading the last bit of some pages. The somewhat similar Opera Mini is OK but doesn't manage m pages (mobile sites) nearly as well and really that goes to the heart of the experience.
Way better than Opera Mini. No stupid picture crippling, no problems with search in touch version of facebook etc. Gesture control is a sweet thing.
Way better than Opera Mini. No stupid picture crippling, no problems with search in touch version of facebook etc. Gesture control is a sweet thing.
Way better than Opera Mini. No stupid picture crippling, no problems with search in touch version of facebook etc. Gesture control is a sweet thing.
Way better than Opera Mini. No stupid picture crippling, no problems with search in touch version of facebook etc. Gesture control is a sweet thing.
Fast, nice, but srly bookmarks from still installed dolphin HD don't transfer over!? C'mon that's by far the dumbest s*!t I've seen this week....
Fast, nice, but srly bookmarks from still installed dolphin HD don't transfer over!? C'mon that's by far the dumbest s*!t I've seen this week....
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
I tried a lot of browser (including the previous versions of Dolphin), but this is the best. Looks great, fast and easy to use.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
Since HD wouldn't cooperate, I switched to this. Quite nice. Wish it had theme support, though. Ugly green.
I like how you can save your cache to the SD card. It is faster than the stock browser on my Epic 4G.
Really like the way text heavy pages load. I have'nt had to double tap the screen to adust the font and cloumn.
Best browser on the market, faster than the HD version. Clean UI and very user friendly.
Best browser on the market, faster than the HD version. Clean UI and very user friendly.
Best browser on the market, faster than the HD version. Clean UI and very user friendly.
Best browser on the market, faster than the HD version. Clean UI and very user friendly.
After the last updates it has been significantly slower. It stalls while loading quite often even my wifi connection is good.
Very nice browser !!! It's very fast and fast fast !! Just give 10 star ^^ for this
Great browser. Please add desktop toggle to gesture controls. Its the only thing missing
It's intuitive, fast, stable & reliable with no bloat. Full screen browsing and tabs are a bonus. Desire HD
It's intuitive, fast, stable & reliable with no bloat. Full screen browsing and tabs are a bonus. Desire HD
Super fast i totally recomend this app
Super fast i totally recomend this app
Super fast i totally recomend this app
Mtv shows still won't work and neither does south park studios. Thats the only reason why I dl.this app and it doesn't work!
Mtv shows still won't work and neither does south park studios. Thats the only reason why I dl.this app and it doesn't work!
I'd give it a 5 it the flash actually worked fully...just watched a video...worked fine....but tried the IM on Facebook...won't work.....Evo
Dont like that the top does not go away when moving down a webpage as well dont like that u cant set a home page
Slowed down my HTC desire noticeably and couldn't use Astrid task manager. Uninstalled and phone was back to normal.
Slowed down my HTC desire noticeably and couldn't use Astrid task manager. Uninstalled and phone was back to normal.
This is the best mobile browser yet! Should be stock. Fast, small footprint, speed dials. Not sure what else it needs?
Very happy so far. Lighting fast...faster than factory installed browser. Ty!! My touch 4g
veeeery sllllooow out of the gate. maybe on my eternity this would have been a revelation but not my Cappy aNg
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Just ditched opera mini for dolphin! Great speed and good flash integration. Milestone Froyomod
Best by miles. I've been looking for a browser for months. xScope not like it was, skyfire slow. This is lightning fast! Feature rich! Perfect tabs!
Great app, fast and smooth. Like it better than opera. Works great on HTC Hero
Great app, fast and smooth. Like it better than opera. Works great on HTC Hero
Great app, fast and smooth. Like it better than opera. Works great on HTC Hero
Great app, fast and smooth. Like it better than opera. Works great on HTC Hero
Great app, fast and smooth. Like it better than opera. Works great on HTC Hero
It doesn't force close on me as much as miren but its not as fast as miren either
Its a great browser, the best one I have used so far. Fast and a very clean UI.
Its a great browser, the best one I have used so far. Fast and a very clean UI.
The best browser ever. Very stable and doesnt freeze. Faster compared to opera mini, mozilla and other browsers in the market. Thanks to this great ap
The best browser ever. Very stable and doesnt freeze. Faster compared to opera mini, mozilla and other browsers in the market. Thanks to this great ap
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
When i click on certain videos it quits out and closes my windows. Happens on hd version as well Htc evo 4g
Love this browser..works fast and flawflawlessly. If you can just add a homepage it will be a 5 star. HTC EVO
Love this browser..works fast and flawflawlessly. If you can just add a homepage it will be a 5 star. HTC EVO
The "far" default zoom level is not far enough. I want to see the whole page when it loads. Staying with Miren.
EXCELLENT browser!! fast as hell, flash works great! even farmville worked for me.. doesnt use that much memory w/ tabs maxxed. I'm in love -motodroid
EXCELLENT browser!! fast as hell, flash works great! even farmville worked for me.. doesnt use that much memory w/ tabs maxxed. I'm in love -motodroid
EXCELLENT browser!! fast as hell, flash works great! even farmville worked for me.. doesnt use that much memory w/ tabs maxxed. I'm in love -motodroid
Good browser, but it crashes when trying to use flash. That's kind of a priority for me so I'm afraid its time to uninstall. Evo2.2
Good browser, but it crashes when trying to use flash. That's kind of a priority for me so I'm afraid its time to uninstall. Evo2.2
Good browser, but it crashes when trying to use flash. That's kind of a priority for me so I'm afraid its time to uninstall. Evo2.2
Works well, but will open tabs all by itself. Don't bother sending e-mails, the devs think you're too dumb to use it right.
Slim and fast. But have to go through set up procedure everytime I start the browser. (Galaxy S)
Slim and fast. But have to go through set up procedure everytime I start the browser. (Galaxy S)
Runs smooth on epic 4g 2.2 bonsai. Replaced dolphin HD (not that i had any problems with HD)
Love it, very fast and stable, can have more tabs open than most, Droid X. Use mini-me more then HD.
Love it, very fast and stable, can have more tabs open than most, Droid X. Use mini-me more then HD.
Love it, very fast and stable, can have more tabs open than most, Droid X. Use mini-me more then HD.
Love it, very fast and stable, can have more tabs open than most, Droid X. Use mini-me more then HD.
Love it, very fast and stable, can have more tabs open than most, Droid X. Use mini-me more then HD.
UI is awesome. Much prefer it over Dolphin HD - and I much prefer that to anything else.
UI is awesome. Much prefer it over Dolphin HD - and I much prefer that to anything else.
UI is awesome. Much prefer it over Dolphin HD - and I much prefer that to anything else.
UI is awesome. Much prefer it over Dolphin HD - and I much prefer that to anything else.
Seems awesome. I really think that it would be my new fave browser, but the pinch zoom does not work on nookcolor.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Wow! Whacks the pants off opera mini, far better than stock browser. Presently prefer to firefox. Moto Defy.
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Every time I exit the app I would have to go through the set up again!
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
Fastest on my rooted but under-powered Eris. Destroys Miren, and it's the fastest Dolphin ver. for me.
This is by far my favourite alternative browser app. It makes surfing on my Desire an absolute pleasure!
Wow nice! Best browser so far. One suggestion: it would be nice to turn off the back/forward buttons.
Wow nice! Best browser so far. One suggestion: it would be nice to turn off the back/forward buttons.
This browser certainly lives up to its slogan for being "Fast & Simple". Aside from this, the amount of memory it uses is only 1.76MB!
This browser certainly lives up to its slogan for being "Fast & Simple". Aside from this, the amount of memory it uses is only 1.76MB!
The gold standard for android browsers. Fast, lightweight, and easy to use. Thanks Dolphin team!
The gold standard for android browsers. Fast, lightweight, and easy to use. Thanks Dolphin team!
Nice, but make the searchbar/hud scroll away as you scroll down, as used in the standard browser, giving more space on the smaller screened-phones. :D
Almost makes me forget about my desktop firefox setup. Love this the more I use it! Droid X
In-browser video playback is awesome, smoother than HD for sure. But I kind still prefer HD over it. HD feels more robust to me.
In-browser video playback is awesome, smoother than HD for sure. But I kind still prefer HD over it. HD feels more robust to me.
there its an extremely annoying issue in which any search box won't work, including google.. so frustrating I'm uninstalling. :/
there its an extremely annoying issue in which any search box won't work, including google.. so frustrating I'm uninstalling. :/
Great cut/paste though markers hard to use @ screen edges. Wish list? -save pages off-line, variable page zoom & ability to group bookmarks.
Great cut/paste though markers hard to use @ screen edges. Wish list? -save pages off-line, variable page zoom & ability to group bookmarks.
My original comment said tabs and URL shouldn't be visible until i need them. Then i found the full screen option. This browser is now God Tier.
My original comment said tabs and URL shouldn't be visible until i need them. Then i found the full screen option. This browser is now God Tier.
None of the dolphin browsers have a padlock anywhere to signify its a secured browser. Noticed a bug with a the keyboard. Everything else is ok.
None of the dolphin browsers have a padlock anywhere to signify its a secured browser. Noticed a bug with a the keyboard. Everything else is ok.
None of the dolphin browsers have a padlock anywhere to signify its a secured browser. Noticed a bug with a the keyboard. Everything else is ok.
Awesome browser - runs far more smoothly than stock browser. Speeddial homepage is handy as well
Outstanding optional browser when you dont want a over loaded with features and settings. 5 stars
Outstanding optional browser when you dont want a over loaded with features and settings. 5 stars
Nice browser. I like it over stock, but don't like the green theme. Wish I could change the menu color or black to match 2.3 menu scheme.
Nice browser. I like it over stock, but don't like the green theme. Wish I could change the menu color or black to match 2.3 menu scheme.
Very nice browser. It would be better if i can assign vol button for zooming. And pls put stop button at the bottom,so i dont need to reach on far top
Very nice browser. It would be better if i can assign vol button for zooming. And pls put stop button at the bottom,so i dont need to reach on far top
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
I have clear cache and clear history checked, but I still have to clear both manually on my phone. Fix please?
Unstable, crashes constantly on HTC Legend with only two tabs open. Otherwise, nice interface. Unfortunate.
Unstable, crashes constantly on HTC Legend with only two tabs open. Otherwise, nice interface. Unfortunate.
Very cool app. Workd on mytouch 4G. May have a bug in gestures, but this is minor issue to overall app
I tried SF and it was crap. But I'm back with Dolphin. I will never leave again. Holy crap. Vortex
Fast, flash, reliable. Everything opera didn't have. Default browser now. Desire.
Omg, how did I live with out this? Reliable, fast and easy to use. No issues found yet, Desire|miui
FAST but Xscope 6 is FASTER! Xscope is way faster on the Sunspider test than any other browser out there. Fact.
A must have for all users, gets a sharper effect in lathers screens and useful for smaller screens, I do love this
Good browser. Way better than HD version or stock! Also interface is eye pleasing. Epic 4g
Screaming fast and with all the feature u need and want. Way better than dolphin hd and skyfire
To the other commenter.. Xscope is NOT faster! Dolphin hd and mini is the smoothest and fastest zooming too on my Droid X running rubix 1.9.7 rom.
To the other commenter.. Xscope is NOT faster! Dolphin hd and mini is the smoothest and fastest zooming too on my Droid X running rubix 1.9.7 rom.
Freakin' Awesome! D-HD always locked up and crashed...but this MINI...is fast and very user friendly. Import export bookmarks, everything flawless...
I'm a huge opera fan but I must say that Dolphin mini is faster, nicer and less buggy. Nice job!
I'm a huge opera fan but I must say that Dolphin mini is faster, nicer and less buggy. Nice job!
superb buut: please remove the back button in the bottom left corner. and it does not delete the history on exit..
superb buut: please remove the back button in the bottom left corner. and it does not delete the history on exit..
Great browser! It would be nice to be able to rearrange the the speed dial.
Great browser! It would be nice to be able to rearrange the the speed dial.
Great browser! It would be nice to be able to rearrange the the speed dial.
Quicker than stock. If you're unhappy with the top bar being too big, go to the menu and choose full screen. Droid Incredible.
Quicker than stock. If you're unhappy with the top bar being too big, go to the menu and choose full screen. Droid Incredible.
Quicker than stock. If you're unhappy with the top bar being too big, go to the menu and choose full screen. Droid Incredible.
Quicker than stock. If you're unhappy with the top bar being too big, go to the menu and choose full screen. Droid Incredible.
This browser is really fast compared to the HD one I was using! Keep it up!
The browser is GREAT. Love it! Only problem is that the tool bar at the top takes up way too much room. Fix that and this browser is nearly perfect.
The browser is GREAT. Love it! Only problem is that the tool bar at the top takes up way too much room. Fix that and this browser is nearly perfect.
This really is a great browser, and this is the update it needed. Might just be my default now.. MyTouch 4G
What a huge improvement over the stock browser! Fell in love with it in just a couple minutes :)
What a huge improvement over the stock browser! Fell in love with it in just a couple minutes :)
Does NOT do flash. LG Optimus S, froyo. Will not play web flash videos. Uninstalled.
Would like to change color but is faster then my already fave dolphin hd great job
Great UI and runs well on my G1. UI is much better than the standard Dolphin Browser
Great UI and runs well on my G1. UI is much better than the standard Dolphin Browser
Really liked the app...but totally crashed my phone...wouldn't even boot up correctly! Samsung intercept
Make easy option to go to full web page and then five stars. Also need to be able to specify where your downloads go...
Make easy option to go to full web page and then five stars. Also need to be able to specify where your downloads go...
Froz whol fon when tried 2 exit-cudnt even shutdn! Unecesary (incl'd browsr) butons bloc readin-prefer included browser
Froz whol fon when tried 2 exit-cudnt even shutdn! Unecesary (incl'd browsr) butons bloc readin-prefer included browser
Good browser. Twitter in dolphin is better than their app. So is Gmail. However, Opera Mini is still much faster on my phone. Captivate
Absolutely fantastical. It looks sexy, works like a charm and is faultless. Cheers for a great app Dolphin! HTC Wildfire.
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
Love this trimmed down version of Dolphin. Very fast and not a heavy resource hog. So far tests just as good as Dolphin HD
Really!? Permission needs to prevent my phone from sleeping ..... not updating for that!
Its a great browser lord of good features but seems to drain my battery to quick
Works great. Much better function, easier to use, and fast. More intuitive than the browser the phone comes with. Droid x
Never thought I would like a better browser than dolphin HD, then along came MINI! Such a great and simple browser!
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Mini is my choice. So far, all other browsers fall short. Speed and usability are king.
Best browser for Android handsdown! A big thanks to the devs for keeping this free!
Best browser for Android handsdown! A big thanks to the devs for keeping this free!
Best browser for Android handsdown! A big thanks to the devs for keeping this free!
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
I love this browser. The only thing I hate is how it asks me to suspend or exit when I hit the back key.
Just the best Browser in the market... great work. Only the gesture thing is unnecessary. Please remove the back-arrow.
Blazing fast if it's not fast on you phone something is wrong with your phone
Fast and light, with loads of decent features. Would be good if it had a recently closed tabs option. Hero 2.2
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Very fast and clean but needs instant back/forward navigation like Xscope and ability to hide address bar, uninstalled until then.
Best browser for Android - speedier by far than stock, features that have vastly improved browsing on phone. Just awesome!
I use Dolphin HD for general browsing (better text reformatting) but Mini for picture browsing (can open more than 8 tabs in background). Brilliant!!
I use Dolphin HD for general browsing (better text reformatting) but Mini for picture browsing (can open more than 8 tabs in background). Brilliant!!
Get rid of the constant asking if I want to clear cache or cookies before I can close. If I want to clear the cache I will go into the menu and do it.
Best android browser I've found. Better than normal and hd versions imo. Speed dial works great.
Best android browser I've found. Better than normal and hd versions imo. Speed dial works great.
Best android browser I've found. Better than normal and hd versions imo. Speed dial works great.
Very fast! It has all I need and nothing else to bog it down. Consider this app over Dolphin HD. And now it has copy and paste text!
Great! Dolphin. HD was a little laggy and slow, but this one opens so smoothly and quickly! Same functionality but way more efficient.
Really like this browser! Liked the HD but I guess it got a little bloated and slow in the end since I mostly went for opera. Not anymore:)
My favorite Android browser at the moment. Fast ! One serious annoyance - you can't disable the confirm exit dialog when leaving via the back button
*Sprint Hero* I removed DolphinHD and installed Mini. World of difference on this phone. Mini is much smoother and responsive on this device.
*Sprint Hero* I removed DolphinHD and installed Mini. World of difference on this phone. Mini is much smoother and responsive on this device.
Better than Dolphin HD. Devs please continue what you are doing. Loving the UI and general tweaks. :D
Better than Dolphin HD. Devs please continue what you are doing. Loving the UI and general tweaks. :D
Better than Dolphin HD. Devs please continue what you are doing. Loving the UI and general tweaks. :D
Better than Dolphin HD. Devs please continue what you are doing. Loving the UI and general tweaks. :D
Better than dolphin HD, Firefox beta, opera mobile and mini, and the stock android. Excellent.
I love the UI it's a million times better then anything else out there! Only complains is addons would be nice and the close tab button is hard tohit
I love the UI it's a million times better then anything else out there! Only complains is addons would be nice and the close tab button is hard tohit
I love the UI it's a million times better then anything else out there! Only complains is addons would be nice and the close tab button is hard tohit
Love the mini! I had dolphin browser HD. But don't have a HD phone. Also, I don't have a lot of memory so the mini is perfect! (HTC eris)
Love the mini! I had dolphin browser HD. But don't have a HD phone. Also, I don't have a lot of memory so the mini is perfect! (HTC eris)
Beats the HD version but still slow to render pages. Stock Android 2.3 browser is faster altho Dolphin handles pop-ups and windows/tabs miles better
So far this is the best browser i have used to date. I've tried all the popular browsers & this is the best for speed and features.
Best browser on my Epic 4. Not 5 stars since you always have to tell it to Exit. Maybe its just me
Just an update or two away from perfection. No more options/settings. Just tweak the speed/efficiency.
Great app! Glitch on a web player on SkyFire works flawlessly on this browser + other cool features.
Great app, only thing is I can't get rid of the exit notification window. It really stops my from switching apps at the speed im used to
Cool little browser. I love it. It even has private browsing that deletes the history and cache once you exit. Driod2
Hands down my favorite browser. Most of the features of the full Dolphin browser but without all of the bloat and slowness. Galaxy Tab
Hands down my favorite browser. Most of the features of the full Dolphin browser but without all of the bloat and slowness. Galaxy Tab
Hands down my favorite browser. Most of the features of the full Dolphin browser but without all of the bloat and slowness. Galaxy Tab
Excellent! Runs great on my Ally! So much faster than the stock browser. Love it.
Excellent! Runs great on my Ally! So much faster than the stock browser. Love it.
Excellent! Runs great on my Ally! So much faster than the stock browser. Love it.
Excellent! Runs great on my Ally! So much faster than the stock browser. Love it.
Great set up. Don't notice any increase in speed but more user friendly than stock.
Great! More user friendly than opera. My first choice for browsing, at the moment. HTC Desire
Really good. Just like Real browser; you can use drop down menus, log onto your online ,banking which opera frustratingly fails to do. Download now!
Excellent browser, the best out of opera and stock that I have used, smooth, quick and clean looking.
Excellent browser, the best out of opera and stock that I have used, smooth, quick and clean looking.
Better than opera mini as it display chinese text properly in defy and able to exit from the menu
Better than opera mini as it display chinese text properly in defy and able to exit from the menu
Pliz add the "Open pages in overview" option so I can throw my favourite Dolphin HD away.looking forward to buying the lisence. Thank you.
Pliz add the "Open pages in overview" option so I can throw my favourite Dolphin HD away.looking forward to buying the lisence. Thank you.
as fast as the default browser..I like it better than HD..works well on my rooted HTC Aria.
I didn't think anything could beat Opera. This does big time. Try it! You'll like it! D
I didn't think anything could beat Opera. This does big time. Try it! You'll like it! D
I'VE ALWAYS USED MY BUILT IN 3PLANET BROWSER, AND HADN'T HEARD OF DOLPHIN. MORE THAN HAPPY. FAST, EASILY NAVIGABLE AND FRANKLY BETTER THAN 3's.
I'VE ALWAYS USED MY BUILT IN 3PLANET BROWSER, AND HADN'T HEARD OF DOLPHIN. MORE THAN HAPPY. FAST, EASILY NAVIGABLE AND FRANKLY BETTER THAN 3's.
I'VE ALWAYS USED MY BUILT IN 3PLANET BROWSER, AND HADN'T HEARD OF DOLPHIN. MORE THAN HAPPY. FAST, EASILY NAVIGABLE AND FRANKLY BETTER THAN 3's.
Its not fast. Actually stock browser is faster. I tested it. I do like the UI but u can see full page of the website. Can't see how to change it.
Its not fast. Actually stock browser is faster. I tested it. I do like the UI but u can see full page of the website. Can't see how to change it.
Ummmm.... a lot of the complaints such as creating gestures, selection of text, they're there. Dig a little deeper. Great app. Still love HD too!!!!
This is *the* best browser out there. Clean, fast, smooth, SD car support, gestures, great interface. So much better than anything else. HTC Desire.
Wow, very fast and responsive. Exceeded expectations. Fyi, additional options such as text selection are on the left the menu expand button
Wow, very fast and responsive. Exceeded expectations. Fyi, additional options such as text selection are on the left the menu expand button
Wow, very fast and responsive. Exceeded expectations. Fyi, additional options such as text selection are on the left the menu expand button
I love it. It gives you so many options and runs way faster then my default browser with way way more to do.it also had tabs. Another plus.
I love it. It gives you so many options and runs way faster then my default browser with way way more to do.it also had tabs. Another plus.
Caused a crash on my wildfire just after installation. Had problem with password requiring special characters. The support team replied just once
Caused a crash on my wildfire just after installation. Had problem with password requiring special characters. The support team replied just once
Great speedy browser. Loads faster than my stock browser. Tab based browsing and other great little optimizations. Well done guys.
Great for quick browsing to replace default browser on phone for awesome browsing experience use dolphin HD
Great for quick browsing to replace default browser on phone for awesome browsing experience use dolphin HD
Works really well don't notice any speed increase but the ui is very nice like it better then hd Droid Incredible Coby Kyros 7015
Great browser, but please add option to turn off exit window thingy when backing out.
Great browser, but please add option to turn off exit window thingy when backing out.
This is just awsm...i jus love the simple UI ... and its fast as promised...
This is just awsm...i jus love the simple UI ... and its fast as promised...
Have found mini browser to be slightly more unreliable on the galaxy tab when connecting over 3g than the HD browser. Removing app.
Fantastic in every way and incredibly fast. Better then Dolphin HD! However, still in need of some feature improvements and more user customization.
Fantastic in every way and incredibly fast. Better then Dolphin HD! However, still in need of some feature improvements and more user customization.
Excellent clean looking browser. Very fast too. With many fantastic features. (N1 cyanogen 6.1.1)
Excellent clean looking browser. Very fast too. With many fantastic features. (N1 cyanogen 6.1.1)
Excellent clean looking browser. Very fast too. With many fantastic features. (N1 cyanogen 6.1.1)
Excellent clean looking browser. Very fast too. With many fantastic features. (N1 cyanogen 6.1.1)
It's as fast as built in browser loads faster too unlike firefox or Dolphin HD.
It's as fast as built in browser loads faster too unlike firefox or Dolphin HD.
It's as fast as built in browser loads faster too unlike firefox or Dolphin HD.
It's as fast as built in browser loads faster too unlike firefox or Dolphin HD.
Its a good browser. Why is it so slow, stock browser works better on my fascinate. Keep at it has potential
Its a good browser. Why is it so slow, stock browser works better on my fascinate. Keep at it has potential
After trying many browsers, including Dolphin HD, this is my favourite. Hope to see this browser go far.
Very nice but regular sites always load zoomed in. Would like to set default zoom to page width. Any chance of this?
Very nice but regular sites always load zoomed in. Would like to set default zoom to page width. Any chance of this?
nice browser..much better then the defult browser on my LG GT540...can anyone tell me how to set the homepage to google? thanks
nice browser..much better then the defult browser on my LG GT540...can anyone tell me how to set the homepage to google? thanks
nice browser..much better then the defult browser on my LG GT540...can anyone tell me how to set the homepage to google? thanks
Hands down the best Browser ever. Its super fast and it doesn't take a lot of space in my phone. Works great Droid X
It kinda annoys me that Google search needs to be started each time I type something in the adres bar
The few remaining G1's out there thank you. You just breathed new life into v1.6
The few remaining G1's out there thank you. You just breathed new life into v1.6
This Is Seriously The Best Dolphin Browser Addition Yet! The features are So well placed! Looking forward to a Dolphin HD Overhaul =)
It is not faster than HD. Tested with same link from email and actually it was slower. I think it depends on the phone
It is not faster than HD. Tested with same link from email and actually it was slower. I think it depends on the phone
Well it happened, a better browser than google's stock. I've been waiting for this dayday
I like it. But the exit prompt is an annoying extra step when wanting to go back to original app (twitter, news)
Way better than skyfire. Love that it has an exit button and the options to clear cache and sd card without having to dig for them. Great app.
Way better than skyfire. Love that it has an exit button and the options to clear cache and sd card without having to dig for them. Great app.
Way better than skyfire. Love that it has an exit button and the options to clear cache and sd card without having to dig for them. Great app.
You have really outdone yourselfs. Fast even on edge, and smooth scrolling even while page is still loading. The layout is amazing!
Mini rocks-super fast..bye bye dolphin & hello dolphin mini A+++ HTCMagic/Mytouch 3g
Mini rocks-super fast..bye bye dolphin & hello dolphin mini A+++ HTCMagic/Mytouch 3g
Mini rocks-super fast..bye bye dolphin & hello dolphin mini A+++ HTCMagic/Mytouch 3g
If it can auto hide the address bar, I will try it again. It waste the space to view the page
If it can auto hide the address bar, I will try it again. It waste the space to view the page
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
A very elegant browser. It's all about simplicity. It's fast, it looks great and it loads just as quick as stock browser but with extra functionality.
I love this browser! Is there a way to change default zoom lvl on loaded pages?
I'm still using the original mini browser. I was under the impression this is suppose to be a to the pt. Browser, but they cont. to add more features.
I'm still using the original mini browser. I was under the impression this is suppose to be a to the pt. Browser, but they cont. to add more features.
Best browser for Galaxy Tab. Has user agent control, text selection for copy/paste, easy bookmark control. Perfect and the fastest reaction times.
As close to browser perfection as you can get. Poetry much the same as HD but faster and more streamlined. Just need to change the color...
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
I love this browser it is just amazing and looks great on my HTC incredible
Awesome - gestures make one handed browsing easy - SD cache saves phone memory - flash does not work on ARM6 processor - really fast -CM6 Sprint Hero
Faster than default. Easy to use. Custom gestures rock my socks. SYNCS WITH GOOGLE BOOKMARKS.
Not as good as full Dolphin browser. By default, no home button at top and if you scroll to the far right or left, there are no sidebars.
Not as good as full Dolphin browser. By default, no home button at top and if you scroll to the far right or left, there are no sidebars.
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Like it so far. If only the menu button located on the left top corner was easier accessible by one hand/finger browsing.
Loving it! Fast, sturdy, and supports allot better then other browsers including opera.
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
Doesn't seem to have location support (not, at least, on my Incredible). Add that and you've got five freakin' stars! :-)
Wow. Very well behaved and predictable. Allows both pinch zoom and button zoom (which reflows text better)
Wow. Very well behaved and predictable. Allows both pinch zoom and button zoom (which reflows text better)
Wow. Very well behaved and predictable. Allows both pinch zoom and button zoom (which reflows text better)
Wow. Very well behaved and predictable. Allows both pinch zoom and button zoom (which reflows text better)
Wish I could give it more than 5 stars!! Dev actually added my suggestion. Great job! My #1 browser now.
Better than dolphin hd. Only real issue for me is no add-ons and less bookmark options. Much better than opera mini.
The Dolphin browsers are very good indeed. Not quite perfect but oh so close. HTC Desire.
Wow. This is the best browser ever. I'd say it functions as good as my desktop browser
Absolutely amazing browser. Have replaced dolphin HD with this. Love the simplicity of it and the speed.
Absolutely amazing browser. Have replaced dolphin HD with this. Love the simplicity of it and the speed.
I tred all browsers this one is definitely the best. While it is just version 1. Hope there won't come adds then would it be just like dolphin hd.
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Confirm on exit checkbox does not work on Galaxy S... after de-selecting it I am still met with the prompt... ??
Love it! I replaced Dolphin HD with this. It's like Chrome for Android. Could we get some color themes for it, please? Droid X.
Love it! I replaced Dolphin HD with this. It's like Chrome for Android. Could we get some color themes for it, please? Droid X.
Love it! I replaced Dolphin HD with this. It's like Chrome for Android. Could we get some color themes for it, please? Droid X.
Love it! I replaced Dolphin HD with this. It's like Chrome for Android. Could we get some color themes for it, please? Droid X.
Love it! I replaced Dolphin HD with this. It's like Chrome for Android. Could we get some color themes for it, please? Droid X.
Love it! I replaced Dolphin HD with this. It's like Chrome for Android. Could we get some color themes for it, please? Droid X.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
Use this instead of stock browser to cache to SD card instead of phone storage! I don't use stock browser any more.
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
After an initial hour or so of testing I am very impressed. It seems to handle flash better and I really like the toolbox.
This is the sweetest browser ever. Way better than Dolphin HD even. Thank you. Finally!!
About to give 5 stars but there isn't any option allowing disable gesture or zooming tab. Consider abt it. 3 stars. Wildfire 2.2 froyo
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Great browser doesnt lag like the hd. Very fast nd easy to use. New fav browser. SGS
Aways improving itself! Infinite tabs are amazing, even with dolphin saying that lots of tabs would slown down, I didn't sense any speed loss.
Fast, easy to use, lightweight browser. Like the integration with google bookmarks. Braw!
Fast, easy to use, lightweight browser. Like the integration with google bookmarks. Braw!
whoa, this browser is really fast. Tried original dolphin and xscope and this blows them out of the water except for some page rendering issues.
whoa, this browser is really fast. Tried original dolphin and xscope and this blows them out of the water except for some page rendering issues.
whoa, this browser is really fast. Tried original dolphin and xscope and this blows them out of the water except for some page rendering issues.
Ok but loads pages kinda slow. Needs to b as fast as the browser that comes with android 2. 3 gingerbread. Froyo Droid Eris
It does the job. Would be cool to have smart full screen like xscope and be able to change colors. I dont like green.
It does the job. Would be cool to have smart full screen like xscope and be able to change colors. I dont like green.
I have no complaints...had n idea n the devs responded same day. Best broswer ever!! Support the devs...they deserve it -epic 4g
Faster and sleeker than dolphin HD, even on Droid x. Flash crashes browser to often though!!!! Fix!!!!
Faster and sleeker than dolphin HD, even on Droid x. Flash crashes browser to often though!!!! Fix!!!!
A little slower than stock, but offers a lot of cool and useful features and has an intuitive UI.
Delivers an amazingly smooth and fast web browsing experience! Intuitive and pretty UI! My primary browser! - LG Opt S
Delivers an amazingly smooth and fast web browsing experience! Intuitive and pretty UI! My primary browser! - LG Opt S
Great improvement over Dolphin HD. Needs an option to disable back button exit confirmation. That is very un-android like behavior!
Painfully slow compared to built-in browser & unresponsive to scroll requests on my Samsung Galaxy S
Painfully slow compared to built-in browser & unresponsive to scroll requests on my Samsung Galaxy S
Painfully slow compared to built-in browser & unresponsive to scroll requests on my Samsung Galaxy S
Love this...very fast and fluid. Using as my main browser now on nexus s. Just runs so much better than Dolphin HD
Love this...very fast and fluid. Using as my main browser now on nexus s. Just runs so much better than Dolphin HD
Love this...very fast and fluid. Using as my main browser now on nexus s. Just runs so much better than Dolphin HD
Wow, much better than HD keep it up! Screen lock is like a gift from god.
Wow, much better than HD keep it up! Screen lock is like a gift from god.
Has most the good stuff from HD and even faster. Would like to see shortcuts for devices with hardware keyboards like the G2.
The awesome brother of Dolphin HD! Takes the good bits, leaves out the bloat :-) Has some slight UI improvements, eg the better Tab-switching.
The awesome brother of Dolphin HD! Takes the good bits, leaves out the bloat :-) Has some slight UI improvements, eg the better Tab-switching.
Simple browser with some good features. Would give five stars if location based features worked in the browser. Otherwise great.
Simple browser with some good features. Would give five stars if location based features worked in the browser. Otherwise great.
Love the browser. I give it a 4 because the notification bar isn't accessible (while in full screen) anymore after the update. Droid1
Wow. Blows away the stock droid2 browser. Wish I had not waited so long to try it out.
I LOVE this browser. So much more than the HD version. Very fast and simple looking. Elegant and practical. Seriously love it.
Love the mini version, very fast. Would like the websites to load at minimum zoom though. Having them zoomed in by default is annoying. Option?
I do not like the swipe keyboard, I have to change it back to my android keyboard and it doesnt let me, helppppp
The only thing I dislike are the redundant controls & different menus scattered everywhere.
Doesn't work good, but great on Archos 101. The HD version is very slow on this device, but the Mini version is fast and convenient
Doesn't work good, but great on Archos 101. The HD version is very slow on this device, but the Mini version is fast and convenient
It's nice, a cute lil baby dolphin browser if I favored the mobile browser experience, but I'll stick with the main dolphin HD, full pc experience
It's nice, a cute lil baby dolphin browser if I favored the mobile browser experience, but I'll stick with the main dolphin HD, full pc experience
The recent update has made a great improvement, everything is easier. Great software!
Even better now with update to beta 2! This has become my primary mobile browser; the UI is great and I've had zero issues.
Nice browser but still needs a lot of work. Drained my battery from 100 to 94 in 2-3 minutes just from running in background.
Nice browser but still needs a lot of work. Drained my battery from 100 to 94 in 2-3 minutes just from running in background.
I've now tried most of the browsers people were recommending for Android, and this is the daddy. Fast, responsive, and with the best UI. Nice one!
I've now tried most of the browsers people were recommending for Android, and this is the daddy. Fast, responsive, and with the best UI. Nice one!
Still has a few bugs and not as fast as Dolphin HD,but has alot of potential and looking forward to its future. A password add-on would be awesome.
Still has a few bugs and not as fast as Dolphin HD,but has alot of potential and looking forward to its future. A password add-on would be awesome.
This browser is faster, better and more innovated then the android default browser.
This browser is faster, better and more innovated then the android default browser.
Great browser. 12/28 update less useful than previous. Liked previous home button to go directly to speed dial screen. It now takes more presses.
Finally a browser that allows me to clear cache and history on exit and in-private browsing! I like my privacy. Kudos Dolphin!
Finally a browser that allows me to clear cache and history on exit and in-private browsing! I like my privacy. Kudos Dolphin!
Fast and light. The interface is great. great for the motorola droid. I left opera mobile for it.
I love this! And the update was great! I hated how it wasn't full screen before!
I love this! And the update was great! I hated how it wasn't full screen before!
I love this! And the update was great! I hated how it wasn't full screen before!
miren browser is fast in terms of undo and redo option.while dolphn mini still loads when using undo and redo.hope dis is the next improvement for DBM
I love it! <3 Its simply the best. Feature I suggest is to save the pages in cache for instant back & forward of pages while surfing. Best of luck tou
I love it! <3 Its simply the best. Feature I suggest is to save the pages in cache for instant back & forward of pages while surfing. Best of luck tou
I love it! <3 Its simply the best. Feature I suggest is to save the pages in cache for instant back & forward of pages while surfing. Best of luck tou
Best browser I have found in terms of speed and features. Uses less battery than Dolphin HD (Devs: Please keep it that way!)
I like this browser much more than Dolphin HD browser, because it's lighter, faster and there is no any no-need functions
I like this browser much more than Dolphin HD browser, because it's lighter, faster and there is no any no-need functions
Love it, so much better than stock one, would happily pay for this. Pat on back dev
Love it, so much better than stock one, would happily pay for this. Pat on back dev
Love it, so much better than stock one, would happily pay for this. Pat on back dev
For those complaining about the tab bar wasting space, the arrow button in the bottom right corner above toolbar toggles full screen. Perfect now :-D
Best browser I've tried so far. Fast response, UI keeps getting better! Good job! (Samsung Fascinate)
The developers behind this are really on a roll. Dolphin is on its way to being the best mobile browser period and its still Beta. Kudos all the way..
The developers behind this are really on a roll. Dolphin is on its way to being the best mobile browser period and its still Beta. Kudos all the way..
The developers behind this are really on a roll. Dolphin is on its way to being the best mobile browser period and its still Beta. Kudos all the way..
The developers behind this are really on a roll. Dolphin is on its way to being the best mobile browser period and its still Beta. Kudos all the way..
It works great and fast!! Very easy to use and find any function you need straight away.
Very fast.... innovative way for scroll or bookmarks...nice gesture support..now my dedault browser
Slower than previous beta. Web pages frequently visit are slower than stock browser now. Revert to stock until the next release.
Terrific. As fast or faster than stock. An excellent, fully-featured browser, but one that gets its exercise--slim and speedy! No FCs. Droid1, CM6.1.
Terrific. As fast or faster than stock. An excellent, fully-featured browser, but one that gets its exercise--slim and speedy! No FCs. Droid1, CM6.1.
Unable to use predictive txt when on web sites and won't download vids from websites only streams them fix this and get 5 stars. Galaxy s 2.2
Unable to use predictive txt when on web sites and won't download vids from websites only streams them fix this and get 5 stars. Galaxy s 2.2
Great beta update. Fixed some bugs that prevented me from using it on my galaxy tab.
Great app, I LOVE the gestures ,desktop browser emulation is awesome , really nice for when sites mobile version isn't as good. 5 stars!
Great app, I LOVE the gestures ,desktop browser emulation is awesome , really nice for when sites mobile version isn't as good. 5 stars!
I have tried the other 2 dolphin browsers for months n i have to say that dolphin mini is the best out of the 3 browsers
I have tried the other 2 dolphin browsers for months n i have to say that dolphin mini is the best out of the 3 browsers
Really really good! Fast browsing. A better option over the fat/cumbersome HD browser. Nice job Dolphin!
MUCH better than Dolphin HD. Dolphin HD is just a slow mess of features. This is a fast browser that looks like it was actually made for a phone.
MUCH better than Dolphin HD. Dolphin HD is just a slow mess of features. This is a fast browser that looks like it was actually made for a phone.
Please change phone back button action so that when you can't go back it will close the tab Thanks!
Clean UI and small footprint. Better than Dolphin HD in my opinion. Also fast. Great update. Keep em coming.
So awesome but please add the option for me to sync with Last pass and xmarks :)
So awesome but please add the option for me to sync with Last pass and xmarks :)
So awesome but please add the option for me to sync with Last pass and xmarks :)
So awesome but please add the option for me to sync with Last pass and xmarks :)
So awesome but please add the option for me to sync with Last pass and xmarks :)
Tried every single browser out there. This one has best balance of speed, light footprint, and UI. DInc.
Tried every single browser out there. This one has best balance of speed, light footprint, and UI. DInc.
Tried every single browser out there. This one has best balance of speed, light footprint, and UI. DInc.
Awesome browser(Epic4G)!!! Only issue i have is i cant disable the screen lock option, i need auto-rotate!
much better than previous dolphin browser, my only problem it wont import my dolphin hd browser bookmarks?
much better than previous dolphin browser, my only problem it wont import my dolphin hd browser bookmarks?
My only complaint is that the cache never clears and I have to do it manually
Overall, so much better tham stock, lighter but more features. Found bug: will open 2nd instance of tab previous when opening link from other app.
Fast, intuitive. Better in every way than HD, other than possibly copying text, great work guys.
Fast, intuitive. Better in every way than HD, other than possibly copying text, great work guys.
For some reason I like this better than the HD coz its a lot faster :) HTC Telstra Desire 2.2
For some reason I like this better than the HD coz its a lot faster :) HTC Telstra Desire 2.2
For some reason I like this better than the HD coz its a lot faster :) HTC Telstra Desire 2.2
Opera is a little faster but doesnt support flash and images are poor and no multitouch. Dolphin is very fast and has amazing features
Awesome, altough needs option to use it without notification bar, but not in full screen mode.
Just perfect!! Flash support (if your 2.2) super fast and user agent comes in handy! My default browser :)
so far this is the fast & best browser for my streak 5 powered by froyo.
so far this is the fast & best browser for my streak 5 powered by froyo.
I like this browser very much. It is fast and intuitive. There are few things that I don't likex but they are minor
I like this browser very much. It is fast and intuitive. There are few things that I don't likex but they are minor
Fast, clean, full-featured and lite. Best browser available IMHO - excellent work devs (love the green skin!)! [Motor Droid1]
Fast, clean, full-featured and lite. Best browser available IMHO - excellent work devs (love the green skin!)! [Motor Droid1]
Nice but there seems to be no way to set a home page! I would also like to be able to get rid of the awful pea green color.
Seems okay, but it could be a lot faster if flash loading could be set to "on demand"
Used dolphin HD as my browser of choice for the longest because I couldn't find a better one until now! Everything you love about dolphin and more!
LOVE! Better than Opera (locks up), better than the HD version because of the speed and easy access to features.
Amazing, exactly what I was hoping it would be - the browser & UI without the bloat. It's fast. Thanks, guys!
Amazing, exactly what I was hoping it would be - the browser & UI without the bloat. It's fast. Thanks, guys!
Love the app. Wish there was a way to set a different default zoom on websites though.
why would anyone use HD this smoother faster and more intuative, best browser so far
No pinch to zoom on rooted nook color. HD pinch to zoom does work though
No pinch to zoom on rooted nook color. HD pinch to zoom does work though
Has its quirks, but I still think it's the best web browser currently available on the market.
Has its quirks, but I still think it's the best web browser currently available on the market.
Hands down the best browser for motorola xt300.could alittle faster but still better than most
Hands down the best browser for motorola xt300.could alittle faster but still better than most
Hands down the best browser for motorola xt300.could alittle faster but still better than most
Pretty good. Nice clean feel and very snappy. Is a HUGE battery hog, even compared to dolphin HD.
Pretty good. Nice clean feel and very snappy. Is a HUGE battery hog, even compared to dolphin HD.
Would be much better if it didn't open every single item in a new tab. Also the lock thing seems to come up randomly very annoying
Just best browser in market. My flash videos was lagging some times with other browsers but with this one there is no lag. But only green color.
HTC Desire. Back to Dolphin HD. Mini is faster and leaner (memory). But do miss HD's full screen mode with auto hiding bars; especially in landscape.
Very good alternative to the stock WebKit browser, but uninstalling due to no text selection/copy.
Very good alternative to the stock WebKit browser, but uninstalling due to no text selection/copy.
Been using it for a day and already fell in love with it! Great size and very fast. Droid x 2.2.1
Been using it for a day and already fell in love with it! Great size and very fast. Droid x 2.2.1
Great browser, very fast. I don't like that you can't set a different home page. I'd switch to HD but I like the interface.
My new favorite browser. All the settings I've been looking for in one plus the lite interface I love. Thanks dolphin. Runs great. DX
WOW! It's as if someone took all of my favorite features from other browsers, removed the unneeded, and added my biggest requests! Infinite tabs!!!
WOW! It's as if someone took all of my favorite features from other browsers, removed the unneeded, and added my biggest requests! Infinite tabs!!!
Fast, small footprint, great with videos. please dnt add clutter, that's wut HD version is for lol. It does have fullscreen ur phone just sux- Evo 4G
Fast, small footprint, great with videos. please dnt add clutter, that's wut HD version is for lol. It does have fullscreen ur phone just sux- Evo 4G
Fast, small footprint, great with videos. please dnt add clutter, that's wut HD version is for lol. It does have fullscreen ur phone just sux- Evo 4G
The best browser I have on my HTC Desire HD. Was the only browser that worked on the say WiFi at the mall I was at. Skyfire & opera wouldnt connect!
Love the new look of the toolbars and the front page with bookmarks listed first
Love the new look of the toolbars and the front page with bookmarks listed first
Love the new look of the toolbars and the front page with bookmarks listed first
Love the new look of the toolbars and the front page with bookmarks listed first
I've tried about every browser possible on android. Dolphin hd is crap and extremely slow. Im very impressed with the new mini. :)
This is by far the best browser I have used. Love that it is simple and fast. HTC Desire
Wow this makes HD seem like it's 56k dial up. The only thing missing is the toolbar option from HD, like brightness adjustment.
Wow this makes HD seem like it's 56k dial up. The only thing missing is the toolbar option from HD, like brightness adjustment.
My only gripe is that it always asks me to confirm on closure. Very very annoying. Please make this optional like with HD.
Amazing! Please do not bloat it down like dolphin HD. Keep it just like it is with minor bug fixes. This browser is great!
Nice Browser Ran Ok On SamsungMoment Running: inxane053 + 3.1.1 Sdx recovery + DJ07 Stock
Nice Browser Ran Ok On SamsungMoment Running: inxane053 + 3.1.1 Sdx recovery + DJ07 Stock
Lots to like, but having to deal with the Speed Dial tab & Exit screen everytime makes me nuts. Uninstall.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Choose download location and open tab in background options please! Loving the speed though, nice work.
Best browser. Love the gui and love how fast it is on my slow lg ally
It looks pretty good, but for my LG ally it's not loading anything but Google....uninstall
It looks pretty good, but for my LG ally it's not loading anything but Google....uninstall
It looks pretty good, but for my LG ally it's not loading anything but Google....uninstall
Definitely fast, but I'll stick with HD -It's much more robust and almost as fast on my device. However, If you have an old/slow phone GET THIS!
Great browser 3+ better then the dolphin HD I just don't like the ugly green skin *Samsung*Vibrant*
Great browser 3+ better then the dolphin HD I just don't like the ugly green skin *Samsung*Vibrant*
Great browser 3+ better then the dolphin HD I just don't like the ugly green skin *Samsung*Vibrant*
Please give us the option to change the layout of Dolphin from green to any color of our choice.
I actually prefer this over Dolphin HD. It is faster; has a cleaner interface; and feature rich.
Like it so far. Please add way to import bookmarks from stock browser. No autosize / text wrap to screen for websites?
Like it so far. Please add way to import bookmarks from stock browser. No autosize / text wrap to screen for websites?
Really great, fast loading & powerful toolbox & small data. Ask for anything more? Oh, no, dolphin mini is enough!
Really great, fast loading & powerful toolbox & small data. Ask for anything more? Oh, no, dolphin mini is enough!
I am blown away by how good this browser is. I regret not finding this earlier.
Very fast. Only thing I miss about HD is the ability to browse as a pc instead of getting mobile site. My new default browser!
Very fast. Only thing I miss about HD is the ability to browse as a pc instead of getting mobile site. My new default browser!
Absolutely awesome! Lightweight, great ui and easy to use. Running like a dream. Nexus one.
Freaking smooth! Def replaced miren and HD as main browser! Looking to final but beta looks good so far. Add desk/mob plugin!
Freaking smooth! Def replaced miren and HD as main browser! Looking to final but beta looks good so far. Add desk/mob plugin!
Very fast just what I wanted. Need option to hide address bar and tabs while showing the tool bar. Love the light green color palette.
Very fast just what I wanted. Need option to hide address bar and tabs while showing the tool bar. Love the light green color palette.
I love the speed of dolphin mini, but dolphin hd also great, how should I choose? I love dolphin
I love the speed of dolphin mini, but dolphin hd also great, how should I choose? I love dolphin
I love the speed of dolphin mini, but dolphin hd also great, how should I choose? I love dolphin
I love the speed of dolphin mini, but dolphin hd also great, how should I choose? I love dolphin
I love the speed of dolphin mini, but dolphin hd also great, how should I choose? I love dolphin
Definitely my new deal default browser! Mini is faster and more stable than anything out there.
I really love the speed. One small thing that may keep me using HD is that JavaScript URLs do not work so LastPass bookmarklets fail.
I really love the speed. One small thing that may keep me using HD is that JavaScript URLs do not work so LastPass bookmarklets fail.
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
It's quick, but the url-bar and tabs take up far too much room, and can't be resized or removed. Fix that and you have a winner.
Initial excitement turned to disappointment. On a gsm connection which I have to suffer where I live this browser is slow compared to Opera mini.
Initial excitement turned to disappointment. On a gsm connection which I have to suffer where I live this browser is slow compared to Opera mini.
Initial excitement turned to disappointment. On a gsm connection which I have to suffer where I live this browser is slow compared to Opera mini.
Pinch zoom is too buggy. Not better in anyway to stock g2 browser. KT T-uninstall.
Love it! Has everything i want in a slick, easier to access interface and loads faster! Beautiful! Goodbye HD, hello Mini!
Love it! Has everything i want in a slick, easier to access interface and loads faster! Beautiful! Goodbye HD, hello Mini!
Love it! Has everything i want in a slick, easier to access interface and loads faster! Beautiful! Goodbye HD, hello Mini!
Love it! Has everything i want in a slick, easier to access interface and loads faster! Beautiful! Goodbye HD, hello Mini!
Love it! Has everything i want in a slick, easier to access interface and loads faster! Beautiful! Goodbye HD, hello Mini!
Add startup zoom level and it will be the best browser. Current zoom level is not suitable for me. Thanks.
Add startup zoom level and it will be the best browser. Current zoom level is not suitable for me. Thanks.
I'm amaze, better than opera mini. Need fullscreen mode, and address bar should slide up-down.
I'm amaze, better than opera mini. Need fullscreen mode, and address bar should slide up-down.
This is what I like. Excellent light minimalist browser with just the right addition of functions. Not complicated. Very intuitive.
This is what I like. Excellent light minimalist browser with just the right addition of functions. Not complicated. Very intuitive.
Fast, light, and packed with features. Could use theme support like its “big brother“ DolphinHD, but otherwise looks good. All around: a great browser
Fast, light, and packed with features. Could use theme support like its “big brother“ DolphinHD, but otherwise looks good. All around: a great browser
Fast, responsive and simply one of the best browsers on Android atm...and it's still in beta
AMAZING. Super fast, and lightweight have been using beta for a while now. Great! Captivate
My device runs Dolphin HD just fine, but I like this version a lot better.
Really a good browser,but, make the address bar to hide while scrolling as in dolphin hd. As forward and backward button make a button for book mark.
Really a good browser,but, make the address bar to hide while scrolling as in dolphin hd. As forward and backward button make a button for book mark.
Really a good browser,but, make the address bar to hide while scrolling as in dolphin hd. As forward and backward button make a button for book mark.
Really a good browser,but, make the address bar to hide while scrolling as in dolphin hd. As forward and backward button make a button for book mark.
Really a good browser,but, make the address bar to hide while scrolling as in dolphin hd. As forward and backward button make a button for book mark.
Super fast. Like it a lot, but sticking with HD until this is out of beta.
Super fast. Like it a lot, but sticking with HD until this is out of beta.
Super fast. Like it a lot, but sticking with HD until this is out of beta.
Super fast. Like it a lot, but sticking with HD until this is out of beta.
Always a fan of Dolphon Browsers, but this is lightweight and very fast. It has replaced the default browser.
All the browsers I have ever used just couldn't replace my default on every android phone I have ever had, this one just did :-) it has full screen
All the browsers I have ever used just couldn't replace my default on every android phone I have ever had, this one just did :-) it has full screen
Better than hd. Can't wait for some graphics issues to be sorted, and different color choices. Flash has overlap issues. Great job so far.
Better than hd. Can't wait for some graphics issues to be sorted, and different color choices. Flash has overlap issues. Great job so far.
There IS a full screen option people. In the browser press the menu button and there are 4 arrows pointing outward, above "tool box" button.
There IS a full screen option people. In the browser press the menu button and there are 4 arrows pointing outward, above "tool box" button.
This is the best browser I have ever used..thanks a million..its damn fast and looks awesome..
So much faster and cleaner than hd. Best browser by far. Keep up the good work and keep it light!
So much faster and cleaner than hd. Best browser by far. Keep up the good work and keep it light!
I love the look of the browser. I am missing the bookmarks sidebar. Replace the hd's skin with this one and we have a winner.
I love the look of the browser. I am missing the bookmarks sidebar. Replace the hd's skin with this one and we have a winner.
I love the look of the browser. I am missing the bookmarks sidebar. Replace the hd's skin with this one and we have a winner.
I love the look of the browser. I am missing the bookmarks sidebar. Replace the hd's skin with this one and we have a winner.
I love the look of the browser. I am missing the bookmarks sidebar. Replace the hd's skin with this one and we have a winner.
