I have lost games that I should have won because it doesn't keep me logged in, and then it tells me right as the round is finished that nothing I did counted. Thanks zynga... I knew I didn't like you guys that much for some reason.
Not really playing anymore because it takes forever to send a game... It just sits there? What's up?
Tired of this game freezing up all the time. They need to fix it.
Ever since I bought it, it freezes my while phone and is really slow. FIX IT! Samsung velocity
Hate the Coins
I absolutley LOVE Scramble with Friends. I just wish it would stop messing up! it seems since the update last month, i can't play at all. It freezes just after hitting play. Please fix this so i can play again!
With the latest build I keep loosing touch and can't select the full word on Galaxy Tab 10.1 with Honeycomb.
4get u I found a scrabble game that doesn't and isnt about the money called scramble touch. Check it out everyone its just as addicting as this greedy game
Most recent update force closes app before it even opens! WTH?!?! Worked fine before update, FIX!!!!
Love the game, but keeps messing with my speakers, have to take battery out and reset everyday.  Should uninstall but addicted.
This game not only freeze and force close constantly but it shuts my whole phone down. Its not even worth downloading.
not gonna buy a coin. ever. I suggest no one else does either. I did pay for the game. It doesn't even reload your coin vault when you pay  for it. so don't let running out of coins be the reason you buy. let players acure  more coins
Won't open... Will only force close!!!!
This game is fun... if it doesn't freeze up or lag like crazy... (which seems to happen 90% of the time). Also slows my phone down to the point where I have to pull my battery out and restart manually.
Needs to get rid of 2 letter words. Needs to keep stats (wins/losses per opponent). Multiplayer (3-4 players) would be a cool addition. 1 star b/c regularly slows down/lags and crashes my Galaxy S.
Crashes constantly with awful reaction time. Fix now
One star because you can't block people
Doesnt work while free does please fix Droid bionic
It's OBVIOUS their is room for improvement here! First, what's the deal with the coins??? If u r new to the game, like myself, u need all the help u can get. That's 5 coins a game! That means I can only play 3 games n a row! Then, if I want to use all power-ups for another game I have to wait 50 mins!!! I feel I speak for all players when I say, "WE DON'T HAVE THIS KIND OF TIME TO WASTE!!!" Why is there no practice mode??? Coin free please??? As is, I wasted my $$$ n will uninstall if not changed  soon!!!
Greatest game made
The whole pleasure of playing this game has gone because of it freezeing every single game. Something is very wrong.
I actually bought this game. Here's an idea: give us a choice category, where we can choose to play a game based on power up limits. Example if I only choose to use 1 power up, ican play with an opponent who is using 1 powerup. It really irks me that if I want to enjoy an evenly matched game, I have to wait forever or spend more $ for coins.
Fix the FREEZING, CLOSING IN THE MIDDLE OF GAMES & CAUSING YOU TO LOSE TOKENS... FREEZING BUT STILL COUNTS DOWN  MAKES US LOSE POWER UPS ALL BECAUSE ALL THE ISSUES ARE NOT BEING ADDRESSED... DELETE GAMES MY CHOICE, NIT YOURS..  FIX THE PROBLEMS ALL OF THEM IN YOUR NEXT UPDATE... TOMORROW BEING AUG 1 MAYBE PREFECT UPDATE? LOL
Please fix the timer issue or give me my money back!
Even slower than before. Can barely play it now. I do have a slower phone, but this game should barely uae any ram - all you do is find words. I have never played a game that slows my phone so much.
Original: Awesome, Addicting, FUN!  Current:  Since Zynga took over, app won't always open, app will freeze up, or shut down in the muffler of s.game.  Ugh!  This was a fun game.
Constantly freezes my phone and stops responding mid-game.
You have to pay for tokens that kinda sucks
It was a great game, but now it says that I've reached the maximum number of games that can be started. I have zero games active.
Loved it until I got the motorola milestone x2, now it freezes my phone and force closes continuously.  Please release a fix for my phone!
Deleted
Can't even open app anymore. Crashes right away. And I have the paid version! BOOOOOO!!!
The ice cream sandwich update makes this game crappy on this phone. I'm not sure what happened, but since I updated the system from gingerbread,  the "feel" of the swiping motion as you are forming a word with your finger is terrible. There is definitely a sensitivity issue which makes it a horrible experience. You can not feel that  certain vibration anymore when the letters are touched like it was before this phone was updated. Wayyy too slippery now!!
I like the game; it's fun, until it freezes my phone. I've had to take the battery out several times in order to be able to use my phone again. Uninstalled. Waste of money in my book.
The third power up is now 3 tokens on the new updated version. ZINGA YOU SUCK FOR THIS.
Freezes my phone up every time i play
I paid for the full version and expected as with any other game I've paid for to get more for my money. I got NOTHING. I had 14 coins when it was free, and I still only have 14 coins (SERIOUSLY!!!!!). Make it free to play a game and then the power ups can use a token. Also the new update crashes AND freezes CONSTANTLY. Very dissapointed. :-( LOVE this game but not anymore. Went from a 5 star to a 1 star for me.
Running on Samsung galaxy s2, samsung's ICS operating system, and the game is very prone to crashing. My sister's galaxy s2 is running on stock ICS, no touchwiz, and same thing happens.
Don't bother downloading, and PLEASE don't pay for this -- you would only encourage shoddy programming and terrible  customer service.
Slow and forecloses a lot.  On dual core ntegra phone.
Force close every time since latest update, fix please, now unusable!
You don't earn aanything when you win, dosnt keep your win or loose.. freezes alot! Since the last update the charge for you coins for the 3rd cheat! Bull crap!! Freezes all the time and makes my phone shut off
When this game first came out it was really fun and adictive now it sucks with the new updates.why change something if it's not broken
This single app is using 298MB of memory! This is while not in use! This is half of my total memory use of ALL apps! This is unacceptable. I love this game but the memory use while it is not even being used is unacceptable. This is a paid app so that makes it even more unacceptable to be such a memory hog. In fact it's so bad I changed my rating from 2 stars to 1. Fix the memory use and make it all work properly and I'll change my rating to 5 stars.
Used to be Fun and entertaining for all ages. Just wish it ran without crashing. Update 4.71 is crashing/locking up on my Android, also noticed all my available ram was being used by just this one app just before locking up. Wish I can find and run the version previous to 4.70, ran smooth with a lot less issues.
love this game but it hangs ALL THE TIME and either reboots the phone or I have to force quit.  may stop playing.  :-(
No fun waiting forever for only fourteen coins...(kills the excitement big time) increase The coins zynga, waste of money for just a game.
The game is great... when it works, but it freezes so often that I just gave up. Please fix!
Love this mind engaging face paced game. Too bad it makes my phone shut down and reboot 3-4 times a day. :-/
I paid for this game thinking it would get rid of the annoying coins. With hindsight I would not have bought it and stayed with the free version!
New update causes too many force closes!!!!!!!!
I give it one star because its slower to load and always force closes. Fix this.
Warning! If you buy tokens, you can't use your free tokens until after you've spent the purchased ones! So, there's no way to use and replenish your store of free tokens. Every game, you'll waste your bought tokens even if you have a pile of free ones! I wrote them, and they acknowledged that plenty of people are complaining about the deception, but they still haven't changed the system... Great game, but lousy ethics.
Kept freezing my fone & blocked incoming texts. Once i uninstalled, 18 new texts came flooding in. Same problem w/sister & neices fones too.
Cannot pick same three power ups...I paid 4 the coins let me spend them anyway I want...this game used 2 b 5 stars with each update it gets worse...plus locks up all the time
Excellent play. However this is yet another coin vending machine even after you buy it. 4 stars for play. 1 since it is a vendor
People accept  game but then  don't play. I  should be able to  cancel the game  even if it's not my turn. !Annoying
Keeps taking dbl coins and power ups!    I refuse to pay for them, so  Whats up with that?  I played 4 games and it took all 14 coins     serious issue here!!!
Everytime the phone gets a text or notification pops up the whole game stutters and lags like Forrest Gump.  Zyngas software negatively interacts with every modem and baseband I've tried.  Its a PITA.  (Samsung Fascinate CM7)
the game won't let me play! overtime I try and start it, it crashes..... I really hope the update i'm downloading right now fixes it....
If the inflation rate for everything else increased as rapidly add this game's thirst for tokens we would be paying $100 for gallon of milk.  The additional power up and the recent price increase are clear money grabs.
I LOVE THIS GAME.. but it freezes a LOT and force closes a LOT... and doesn't load sometimes.... And drags... Ugh.. Fix it!
I just did an update and now the game doesn't work... Any advice on how to fix it?
I will rate 5 stars when we have the option to view stats. I also agree that pd version should include the winning of coins for winning the game.
Boo on the increased token cost for the 3rd power-up. Plain old greed. Looks like I'll be playing less often.
Very good game!
If smart match is accurate, then the game is trying to tell me I'm an idiot because it matched me with one...
Since the new update I was unable to get past the main screen, I un-installed and attempted to reinstall and now it won't install at all.  I even purchased the full version with no help, that sucks it was a fun game.
Tomorrow will be three weeks that I downloaded an upgrade and the program stop working.  I keep getting excuses about every possible reason that it hasn't been fixed.  I have heard from level one techs that seriously, from their cutesy screen names really Should learn how to digest info and stop repeating their page one instructions on how to treat customers like they are idiots.  I know folks that can write apps in no time at all. All I've waited for is a bug fix for three weeks.
NOTHING BUT problems now. Keeps lagging during game. Constantly getting sent back to main screen when it does work but mostly it doesn't work at all since the latest update. It just force closes over and over. Request being able to end non-playing games, still earning coins while playing purchased coins, winning a coin for winning a match. This game is so addictive.  Fun! Will give 5 stars if it ever starts working again. Having many issues others are having as well.
Can't open since updating and can't uninstall update to even go back to the previous version and its an app I have paid for??????
I have the paid version and now since they added the third power up I only have about 2 opponents to play a day because it takes so many coins to play and takes way too much time to earn a coin! Just not worth it! If you buy coins you no longer receive your free coins until the paid ones are gone! I found a free game that does not require coins to play. Uninstalling!: (
Prices went up. Fun game and only rating it low due to their over charging of tokens.
Updated to new version and have not been able to play at all for days now due to the game force closing. Ticked off. Will probably uninstall thanks to all you yahoos making the game "better"
Newest update won't even let me open game.  Force closes everytime on my android phone.
Love the game but it CONSTANTLY freezes up. The only way to free it up is removing the battery. I expected the paid version to have the tweeks out by now.
Was a great game until the new update , now cant play at all so I unistalled it . Samsung Captivate
I love this game but the latest update won't play on my Android phone. And I got the paid for version! Not happy.
I wanted a game I could play on the train. Unfortunately, the new version of this game doesn't have a solo mode. I waited months for this game to come to Android, & I'm very disappointed.
I paid for the upgrade a few months ago. Now with the update I cant even play just keeps force closing. HTC incredible2. Also I had it on my Droid 2 before the upgrade & had to uninstall due to causing my phone to freeze all the time. Same thing happens on my nt phone the Casio camando. Fix problems & I'll re- rate at 5 stars.
You ruined it with this new update
I love this game.
Love the game, even sprung for the paid version, but can't open app at all. Always force closes. Sucks!
Was great till last update. Now it won't even open.
Sick and tired of the game force closing on me. Havent been able to play for 5 days now. Ggrrrr!!!!!
Crash all the time
I enjoy the gameplay of Words much better. Three coins for a third power up is really over the top. If you are new, be advised that your free coins stop accruing after you purchase coins, at least until you use up the purchased ones. It's a fun game, but I snicker every time I here that Zynga's stock has fallen. I can't see why so much nickel & dime treatment is necessary to make a profit.
Fix the new update, nothing but problems it freezes my phone up, always wants me to give close.. if it stays like this I want my money back.
no way of deleting games...
Now I can't play it! They need to fix this!
Always opens in google play now... Obnoxious.  (HTC Evo 4G)
Freezes ALL THE TIME...even had help from IT Dept @ Zynga and no go. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times. We did a "factory reset " on phone to try to fix.....to many problems with game and not enough fix from home office ..SAD
Keeps f/c & now its worse. I paid 4 this game and since the last 3 updates this game is progressively worse. It was better b4. Change it back cuz this sux now. Totally. What r ” Vision Words”?
HEY! I've paid for this! Don't you start putting ads on here now, dammit! I PAID!    Dammit
Haven't been able to play since last update. Please fix! Used to love playing this game.
Crashes everytime I open it. This never happened before, only recently. Please fix!
wth? The last update change it so now it needs 5 coins to play one game?
<tone="sarcastic"> I paid for a game that limits how much I can play unless I fork out more cash. Awesome! </tone>
Love the game!  Now cannot play even though I have paid version and coins I purchased???
Problems force closing..stutters...i hate it
Well as if it wasnt unstable enough so the lousy programmers have made it unplayable, crashes all the time now  Zynga you need to For paid versions have unlimited play, ive oaid so why do i have to wait for tokens just to play the bloody game ive paid for. Joke  Sort the terrible stability products  Remove the facebook link. This is slow and kills the app  Remove the background hog. Its taking too much memory on my samsung tab 7 p1000  Stop putting new features onto an unstable app  Shame its great game
Keeps crashing on my photon! Annoying!
Bad update! 3 coins for using the 3rd power-up is too much. I would delete it before ever wasting money buying coins. So I just play it less now...
why can't i pick inspiration power up three times... I'M PAYING FOR IT so it should be my decision.. it let's my husband pick three same power up at the time.. this needs to be fixed...SOON
The free version doesn't do this but on my Galaxy II skyrocket, the paid version loses sound after about 10 SECONDS of playing and doesn't come back til I use the task manager to force close the application and restart. Very annoying!
Childish
Need a lil bit more time
Delete games when it's not my turn, or delete inactive games automatically after three days!!!
This was my favorite game and now I can't even play it. Just loops me back to the main screen and Zynga insists it's my phone or my account. Oddly enough, if I use the free version through Amazon's app store I can play but I paid for the game so I obviously want what I paid for.
Really sucks
Back to the free version. This mother won't even start up !
Gets boring quickly.
Fun game. But constantly forse closes and feezes up my phone. When games freeze in the middle of playing it will finish your game. Tired of it freezing and being slow and laggy.
Um why am I still seeing ads when I just paid for this? And it still takes 20 mins to get a coin back? I thought it was suppposed to be quicker?...OK time is quicker but why the ads still? Two coins for third extra help? Forget it. I'll go back to free
I have the payed version of this game and so does my friends but for some reason it cost me 4 coins to buy a 3rd help but for all my friends its 2 coins
Why is it with every coin use, I has less and less to earn?
Loved the game but my complaint is the same my 3rd power up costs me 4 tokens while my friend sitting right next to me 3rd power up costs 2..so not fair especially for a dedicated player who buys tokens....refund!!!!!
I buy this app because it's only showing the paid app available for my gTablet. And now it's not even supported? This is unacceptable and some very poor coding if the compatibility keeps changing. Stay away if you own a tablet!
This game is fun, but it keeps turning the sound off to my phone. I have to go in and force shut the game to get sound back. It affects the ringer too!
Awesome game. I upgraded today and it still takes to long for the coins. I want my money back
Until they started "charging" 5 tokens for 3rd power-up. From reading reviews,  I see that others can still play less. Since I refuse to buy more tokens (see reviews saying irises up purchased tokens before using free ones), I can only play two games every two hours or so.   Used to be addicting, and I could play about 10 games in a session when there were 2 power-ups at a time. It's like Zynga is trying to wean us off the addiction by not letting us play as much!
Game is bu%$@#it, I can only accumulate 13 coins....why the hell can't I save more then 13 coins!? What's the point of paying to play if the free version allowed me to have 20
So I used to love it. Had a few crashes reinstalled it once now it won't install.
Cant put it down i think there should be another way to get coins than having to buy them like some free options when im out of coins i go crazy lol offer surveys to earn coins i would take them in an instant
Totally ripped me off twice.  Paid twice to get the app upgrade (99¢) still makes me pay 4 coins for my power up.
every update creates more problems im not looking on negative just stating facts if u worked harder to make sure things were right before putting out there u just might be able to charge for updates rather than half butt putting something together .....
Cannot play due to old games
Have to wait too long for an opponent
New update won't let me connect with fb
it's unacceptable that you have to wait for tokens.  what's the point??  I HAVE THE PAID VERSION and still have to wait for tokens.  it's ridiculous.  also major flaw that you can't resign when it's opponents turn.
Keeps crashing. Pls fix the update
Does anyone really believe the inconsistent token charges for power ups is just a little developer error? No way! This is a creative attempt at customer/player MANIPULATION and is SUCKING the fun out of playing this game FAST. The third power up costs me *5* tokens no matter which round and I see my friends/family using 1 or 2 tokens. Way to penalize players for upgrading!
Well anybody with a Motorola Droid I guess we loose out in playing this game, because I have been in contact with Zynga about the problem and they keep insisting that it is our phones and I keep trying every suggestion and still nothing has changed!     I think we shoud boycott Zynga!
Demoted to 1 stars force closes almost every game, starting to regret the purchase
Loved the game, but after last update could not play the game anymore. Never even got to saw what the improvements were. Repeatedly uninstalled and reinstalled, really would like to play the game, especially since I paid for it.
How can you update to increase the cost of the game? This is very rude considering it is inconsistent. On the same board for the opponent, what doors it cost them to have three choices? No explanation with the change! Why mess up something good? You will just turn people away.... :)
The app has its drawbacks. Not being able to drop players who take too long (some games sit there for over a week). Having tokens, altho the paid version goes fast enough for me, I'd like to forego it. And since their update I think the new layout sucks, inspiration is still kinda crap (2 letter word suggestions... come on), and I either get paired on random with really, really crappy people or really, really good people which was supposed to be improved. It's gotten worse.
Update sucks!!!! Loved that we had an option to pick all three powers. 1st =FREE, 2nd = 1 coin & 3rd = 2 coins! But when it said update I did and now you guys are charging FOUR COINS FOR THE THIRD POWER!!!!! Wtf?!!!
Why is the 3rd power up on the FREE version only 2 extra tokens, yet the 3rd power up in the PAID version is 5 (FIVE) tokens? Had anyone else noticed this scam?
Spams notifications, and Zynga removed the setting to disable them.
Game acting up had to reload lost all my games ! Upgrade sucks
Keeps timing out
Update my ###!  Like others have said, the update stinks.  No one should use the 3rd power up.
Coin issue ruined a perfectly lovely game. Back to Wordsmith for me.
Love the game but latest update prevents me from playing any games. Keeps looping back to main screen when I hit play on any game. Using Motorola droid. Why is this not fixed yet?
I love this game but its crap what they are now charging for powerups. I say we boycott until they fix it.
Power UPS will cost you if u do.
This game used to be awesome. Then u could use 3 power ups, even better. Now they cost twice as much in the last week. What the hell is going on! I paid for this game and now ur basically making me pay again if I wanna play more than a few games because now I'm out  of coins!  I'll rate 5 stars if u fix that bull crap!!!
Don't update! What used to cause 1 token for the 3rd power now cost 2 token! And all they say was "bug fix"?! Come on!
My 3rd power up is now 4 tokens?!?! Uninstall
There is absolutely no reason that Zynga can't be honest about these changes in their updates.  Not very good business.
You update to 3 power ups the 3rd cost 5 coins!!! I will NEVER pay to play.
Just updated for 'improved performance and bug fixes', but now the 3rd power up costs 5 tokens. What a waste of money these Zynga apps are - too many ads as well. I won't be downloading any more of their apps.
The only difference is they charge you 2 tokens for the 3rd power up. What a scam!
I updated the game on the premises of "improved performance". The only thing that happened is that my 3rd power-up now costs me 2 tokens instead of 1 and I have no option to uninstall the update. Very upset with the developers, especially since I paid for the game and got lied to by the update.
Latest update changed num of powerups to 3 per game to try and get you to waste tokens faster. Then you'd have to buy more!
The new updates are horrible. It freezes all the time. Has to force close. The response on the words freezes. I wish I could uninstall and go back to the game I liked.
On the verge of installing since last update. 3 power-ups that don't make you earn more points. Paying for two of them makes you use coins faster. I can just not use all three since winning isn't important to me, but what fun is that to who I'm playing with? Feel like someone's trying to pull one over on me and get me to purchase coins. I purchased your game, that's not enough?
This game is addicting and so much fun. Def recommend! EVO LTE
Fix bugs or lose. Samsung galaxy s2 hangs when you have +20 games going
I hate i brought this game. It does nothing put freeze up since I get it and now it worse since the update. Never would have thought the free version would have been the best.
Addicted..love it
Loved it till they added three power ups, just a way to make you try and pay for coins... Come on, I already bought the app, can't you just let me play it.
It keeps looping back to main screen can't play a single game! So far waste of a Buck hope an update fixes this soon!
Hate the 3 power UPS.  Bad update!
Stick with the Free version otherwise it just freezes!!!
Not worth it! Very dissatisfied with,the deluxe scramble, maybe 1 extra coin than the other free app.
With one coin (token) remaining, I cannot buy any power-ups.The pop up about tokens is displayed twice when you press 'not now'. Why 3 power ups? Two was perfectly adequate. Not good.
I purchased this game, uninstalled the Free version, and find that my game is freezing and the screen goes black for some time.
Why do I have to use 4 tokens for a third lifeline on the paid version yet on the free version you only have to use 2 tokens!
I alrdy log in with Facebook. But nothing happen. It keep staying at the same screen which ask me to login.
I still cannot connect through Facebook. I've tried everything. Tired of trying :/
So much for ad free.still get ads
I upgraded but still getting all the ads.......what gives with that?
Fun game. But even if you get the paid version they still hit you up for more money by making you buy tokens for play time.
ForceCloses EVERYTIME I TRY TO USE IT....PLZZZZ fix
Force closes my samsung galaxy s regularly and worse resigns me from games when the app freezes.   Please fix
Very addicting and frustrating. Keeps my interest. Love this game.
I've paid for a no ads game, so why am I getting ads? Sucks.
Love it, but buggy as hell. I wouldn't recommend it.
I can see paying for additional tokens for extra helps, but tokens should not be required just to play.
Oh really!!! This app is using 58MB of ram making the game slow and unplayable, what kind of bullshit is this, the free app used half that amount, I thought the paid version would use less. This just makes my phone slow it sucks that an app have to use all this ram, ugh!! Plz fix this crap, going back to the free version, what a waste of 99 cents.
The fact that it takes one token to play a game but you don't earn new tokens until the ones you buy run out STINKS! Basically you get penalized for liking the game enough to invest your money.
Keeps force stopping while playing other games.
Too many bugs. Game goes too slow.
I upgraded to the full version bc they promised no ads(not true as I still get them) n they promised more tokens in less amt of time -- also Not true -- now I get 1 new token every 20 min -- when I had the unpaid version I got a new token every 15 min -- upgrade is a joke. Plz FIX ASAP!!
It states you can earn coins faster with the paid version, but the timer has gone to earn coins. Can't earn coins at all without purchase and ads are still there.
I paid to unlock the game, and now people who download the free version get the same benefits.
Free was working just fine but decided since it was cheap to upgrade I would now the game no longer works. I can't even open it all I get is force close and then when I try and report it that forcecloses also.
Game messes up my notification sounds on my phone
Uninstall! Force closes when I'm in the middle of other things.  Love the game but just not worth the hassle.
Awesome game! NO down side! Wish there was such thing as 2 stars cuz i would giv it 2! =D
slow players should be kicked off  records should be kept  and coins need to go faster  i play scrabble much better than this
Get rid of the stupid lightening!!!! It's HORRIBLE and sometimes is very confusing!!! Please fix this now!!!!
Tokens are a bad idea
Is my favorite  game i love Zynga!!!!!
But why require us to pay after we've already bought the game??
3rd power up used to be 2tokens now its three, I can play 3 games then have to wait two hours again, why can't we be able to save more than 14 or 15 or watever it is, why would anybody pay 30$ for add on for a phone game, and I bought the app n u still have to continually buy coins, cmon
Crashes all the time on android x1 and nexus
Love the game but it continues to lock up my nook color with n2a card (in android mode) :-/  if it wasn't for that, I'd give it 5 stars.
Great game except it freezes too much and takes too long to get tokens
Game runs poorly since Samsung/Sprint sent out the 4.0.4 upgrade.  No other apps have this problem, and this one is definitely not as graphics-intense or action-oriented as most games.  Poorly written code.
Updated: 8/10/2012  CURRENT BUILD SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It freezes nearly every time I play, even on my brand new Droid. It regularly crashes my phone. It takes forever to cycle off deadbeat players.  The matching logarithm is improved; I get better matches.  I like the nudge feature but it just feels like pushing the walk button at a red light or pushing an elevator button while you wait for an elevator. Let me resign, please.    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Inconvenience of not able to use without active internet connection. Should at least allow us to start or reload a few active games and play without connection.
Addicted to this game. BUT it freezes ALL the time.  LG Optimus S.
Good but freezes
The token refresh system is stupid. I would rather just drop $10 on this game and play at my leisure. But buying tokens isn't worth the game time in value.
Used to work fine now it force closes every time I use it. Skyrocket.
The game is fun but I don't get why it needs to start when I boot my phone, which means it's always running in the background and you cannot switch that in the settings.
But these new feat has came with problems such as FREEZING....I have to remove battery and all & when it freezes out still counts. I'm on the 0.99 version and this has upset me. Please FIX SOON...THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME EVER
The game is tons of fun and I have become addicted but I guess it has a memory leak or something. It starts out using 10mb or so but then as the day goes on it uses more and more until my phone basically chokes up and shuts down. I have to remember to force close it every 3-4 hours, and it automatically restarts so even when I don't play, it shuts down my phone.
The last few updates to this game have ran like absolute garbage. Every time I get the urge to play, it just disappoints me. I've even tried closing everything else running, no dice. Fix this!
Cant use three of the same power ups anymore and everything keeps going up in the amount of coins it costs to play. Used to be a great game but they keep putting more and more restrictions.
I've had to download this game 3 times now because it eventually gets to a point where it throws an error every time I try to open it.
Would be nice if they had a way to get free coins by apps or something else. I paid for it and still have to wait. Give me options for free coins.
I like the game but still seems to be slow with  getting new coins. Still doesn't give you the option to delete a game if a player doesn't want to play anymore and leaves the game open for days at a time. It should be they lose automatically after 3 days
Memory hog
Awesome game. I usually play 10 different games at a time so I go through coins pretty fast. We should win a coin when we win a game and we shouldn't have to use a coin every round. It should only be 1 coin for every game. I hate having to wait for new coins to keep playing. Please fix this. I refuse to buy coins after I already paid for the game.
When you buy coins u don't earn any free coins until you consume all the purchased coins.  If I earn them when I don't pay money then I should certainly continue earning when I do.
I used to pick 3 of the same power up for every game. Now I am only allowed to use 2 of the same even with 3 slots. boooo
I enjoy the game but I can barely finish a game without it lagging so bad.
Am reinstalling my Ll purchased game *again* in hopes that it'll stop freezing. After adding that new power up and making the power ups more expensive the game freezes and crashes my phone. Please fix! Thnx
Fun addictive game, but its way too slow to update new turns from the server. Even in super fast 4g data areas
Fun to play when game doesn't freeze. Force closes on every play. Frustrating.
Why does the vision power up require 4 words when iOs users only need 3??  Most unfair.  Fix this and it'd be 4 stars.
I don't like the fact that you can only pick a maximum of two of one type of power up. It shouldn't cost 3 coins for a third power up, and if I buy coins, I should still be accruing coins as time goes by. You should earn coins for winning, and I think you should be able to look at your stats vs another person to see what your avg score is against them, highest scoring word, etc.
Totally addicting and fun for the whole family to play.  However, it is not fun waiting for coins and it is NOT fun when it freezes my DROIDX2 (even after uninstalling then reinstalling).  If it weren't for the coin & freezing issues, I'd rate this a 5 Star game.
Love it!
Love the game but freezes up way too often....purchased ad free but still get ads from creator.
I used to be able to have about 20 concurrent games going. Now I have only 13 and cannot create any more. Fun game but can't play enough games.
froze up my droid x2 after having it installed one day. . .continued doing so 10 or so times a day until I uninstalled it.
Lots of freezes. Power ups don't always work properly. I hope Zynga realise they will make some money short term but lose out on repeat customers because of their token system. I wouldn't buy from them again.
The screen is no where near sensitive enough.  My iPad is so much better.  I have a SGII so i know my phone is fast enough.
Love this game
Fun game, but both free game an this one which I paid for often ails to load.  FIX THIS!  I woul tell ppl to not waste their $$$
Crashes more than before the update.
What a ripoff! I'm not paying 3 coins for the 3rd power! Boooooo
I thought by purchasing the ad free version, I wouldn't have the freezing issue. My whole phone crawls with this app installed. I've done several reinstalls with nothing changing :-/
Tokens suck if u pay 4 a game you think it would work. The sound cuts out half the time. Cool game.  But why screw people . Get a girlfriend or a boyfriend if thats your thing. My *ss hurts from those tokens. I hope the programmmers @ zynga get chloraformed, Roofied,or GHB'D SO THEIR *SS HURTS TOO
Uses extreamly large amounts of RAM and CPU causing my droid X2 to freeze and automaticly reboot.  Fix needed!!!!
F#%ing STUPID!!!!!! ONCE U PICK YOUR PERKS THERE'S NO WAY TO LEAVE THAT SCREEN TO PLAY!!!!! FFIIIIIXXXXX!!!!!!!!!!!!
My friend sitting next to me just went to purchase tokens and his phone read "memorial day sale 88 tokens for $1.99" but my phone with the most updated version only offered 33 for $1.99... how is it acceptable to charge different people different prices? Shouldn't everyone be charged the same? Very dissappointed.. feel like im being scammed..
Fun game but if you pay for an app you should get to play as much as you want without waiting to earn more tokens. I feel like the only reason they have tokens is to get people to buy more.
Using too much memory for my Casio commando.  Constantly have to force close application after almost every game since last update.
Gets kind of boring fast, and the whole coin system pretty much ruins the game when you actually are enjoying it.
Game freezes. E-mailed at least 6 times no one listens and I am just told to re-install. Love the game but can't play it.
I used to be a huge fan of this game but the latest update requires 3 coins for the third power-up slot. So now I can only play 2 games at a time before I run out of coins. I refuse to pay for coins so I guess I'll just stop playing the game. Fix this, Zynga! Either let us bank more than 14 coins at a time, stop requiring a coin to play a game or lower the third power-up back to 2 coins!
I love this game. This update sucks. Tokens cost to much. Honestly , what is the point of tokens any way?
I paid for this game. I just lost several games because it alternately became unresponsive or froze while the timer continued. This is no longer fun and unacceptable in a game which is timed. Taking a break from it until they fix it.
Great and fun!!! But give tokens for the winners! Q's: do you developers read these reviews??? I mean every update comes with a rate this please, but what's the point if you don't read them?!!?!
New version doesn't work!
5 tokens for a 3rd power up? Really? It started with 3 and a day later it's 5. Please do not think this will make people buy tokens. What a rip off!
it doesn't worth the price. also it doesn't let u delete the people who didn't play in a while. the free one its the same thing....
Frustrated with new coin setup...looking for new obsession.
I purchased the full version and have loved playing... New version makes me use 5 coins to be competitive in one game... Once I use up my coins i have to wait a solid hour before I can play again. I'm not dropping my hard earned $$ to buy coins either... Fix this or I'll continue to lose interest in your game.
The game is fun but it freezes up alot and slowing down my phone.. ;(
Absolutely love the game - so addicting...BUT...I bought the paid version to get rid of the ads.  I installed, uninstalled and reinstalled on the Motorola XOOM.  Still dealing with at least one ad between each turn.  Will try once more, but why pay to have the same issues as the free version?  Rating would be 5 stars without the ads!
Get rid of the 3rd bonus costing 3 coins our make the coins appear faster for purple who pd for the game, give us something. It is like you limit us on how much we can play.
Making me wait 10 mins for a coin is not an incentive for me to buy extras, especially when a new power-up costs 3 coins and the app is constantly muting my phone. Get your ting together.
I love the game, however I believe that we should be able to win tokens when you win a game or maybe when you reach a certain point status you erin a free token
I currently have v4.70 and since the update I have been unable to open the app.  Until this fixed, I cannot give this a high mark.
I love this game but with the most recent update keeps crashing.  Even completely lost a game as it errored out and there is no way to retrieve it.  Love playing when it works right.
Yeah, I don't know what it is with this 'upgrade' culture we live in but if it ain't broke, don't fix it - 'cause now it's noticeably broke.  Update: none of the glitches mentioned by others addressed by last update, if anything generally exacerbated. Focus seems to be on inducing additional in-app coin purchases, rather than customer experience. Fruitless business strategy - can we just have the original version back? (I.e., prior to May inspiration animation update) Downgraded by 1 star.
I don't know if its the newest update or what but I can't even play at all anymore, it closes as soon as I open it, and even pops up while I'm using other apps and causes them to force close. Very annoying because I love this game.
UPDATE: The new update is a cheat on tokens! I've payed for the game, and now this dumb new system takes 3 tokens for the 3rd power up making the wait to play that much longer! So I originally put 3 stars and now I'm degrading to 2 stars!   PREVIOUS RATING : Love this game!! Only problem is I got the paid version, and the tokens don't come any faster it should be @ the minimum every 3 minutes since it's payed for already ..... Otherwise it would be 5 stars!!
I in general love this sort of game. Your latest update is a slap in the face to those of us who paid for the game and play it on a regular basis. Still freezes horribly. Now the third power up has to be something different and it costs 3 coins? What a rip off.  So yeah, my rating has went down. Fix it and the rating will go back up.
Love it ....it's addictive though lol
Why say this game is free when u have to pay to get tokens when u run out.  It's good for people playing 1-2 opponents. If you are challenged or you challenge more than 10 people you will run out of tokens fast. Can't earn it fast enough. U lost momentum waiting for tokens.
Im not happy especially paying for the no ads version because it freezes on me half way through a game quite a lot. Which is annoying. Also I get charged 2 coins for my third token which isnt right. Please fix...
I love scramble with friends, but I cant play two games without it freezing my phone...It did not ever used to do this, but it it is so bad now that I cant even play it anymore. Once I start a game it will start slowing down as I am playing and by the end of the  round it will freeze up my phone and I have to take the battery out. I have reinstalled the app multiple times but it hasnt helped. I have a brand new phone so I know it is the app and not the phone. I paid for the app, please fix!
Updated review, fun game but it's a memory hog and battery drain. Phone is nearly unresponsive when game is running. Even after closing, resources rub in the back ground and kill phone. Droid 3. sadly uninstalling.
Scramble was a fun & truly addictive game. With the new update, I now have to spend an additional token for the second clue (3 vs 2) and the new cheat is totally worthless - Krauss value than the existing cheats! I'm frustrated & may need to find a new addictive game.
Love the game... When I can play it. Freezes my phone to the point I have to remove the battery.
I haven't been able to play any of my games today. What's going on?
I'm sick of how often this game changes. 1 token then 1 more if you wanted the extra play now you have 3 plays but for the 3rd its up to 3 additional tokens its annoying
Why is it crashing all the time please fix!!!! I used to play game all the time, was my favorite game.
Still crashes all the time. Used to play this constantly, but just can't any more. Sad,sad,sad :-(  Galaxy S2
Ever since the new update I haven't been able to play. The app force closes all the time now.
Low blow: paid for this app. Used to play allll the time. Great game. Now you made the helps more coins. Have to wait hours to get tokens. Low blow to change it like this. UNDO YOUR 3 tokens for 3rd help chane!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Third hint now requires 3 coins. 1 is reasonable, 2 is too many, 3 is excessive
Awesome but no coins like words with friends would make it perfect!!!! Power ups are now 1 and 3 tokens??? Clearly trying to force us to purchase...real nice.
I love this game, but the latest upgrade has made it impossible to play on my Android because it gets stuck on on the power up screen and doesn't let me move beyond it. Very disappointing
I don't like the new rules. I use up tokens to quickly! Go back to normal! make a practice function?
This game would be so much better if the number of game given credits increased. Also purchased coins should be secondary .
Great game but 'my session expires' at least once a day and I have to log back in. It wouldn't be so bad but I don't get notifications because of it and I cant even tell when it's my turn in the game. I have to sign out then back in before it becomes my turn.
There are bugs. A lot of force closes.  I had you guys at 4 then 3...now 2...what's the point of a good game if you have to force close it all the time...
Got ripped off.
Only because your game isn't working right. It won't let me play. When it was working right it's a 5.
Why does the third power costs 5 tokens?
I wish it would load though.  I hit the Facebook connect and its "loading" for 10-15mins before i have to force close it. Lame!
I do agree with every 1, the token thing truly sucks, I've spent over $100 off my debit card within 2 months & can't use none of my free tokens till all my paid tokens r gone, what a rip off, all they can say is thanks for the purchase. They need to give a lot of free tokens for all the money i have spent. Im playing 6-7 different people of course I need more than 14 stupid tokens.
Downloaded after using the free version for a while and when I try to connect via Facebook it tells me I have already authorised the app and takes me back to the beginning again. Annoyed and frustrated
I noticed I only started having this "force close" issue AFTER I purchased the game AND I STILL have ad's after each round? Whats that about? Please FIX!
We cant delete old games. Please fix this
I have a good time with this game! I also like that we could text our opponents. Fun fun fun!
One of the best games to play and help sharpen your brain. It's just so much fun!!!
I hate this update!!!!!! 2 tokens for a power up? Ridiculous,  I hate the token thing anyway I mean I did pay for the game I think I shouldn't have to use tokens but whatever.  CHANGE BACK TO 1 TOKEN!!!!!!!!!!
3 tokens for 3rd power up is an issue for me. I restored a backup
Fc alot
I love this game... But it seems to be that the developers are getting greedy!!! Charging more coins... Well... I had to reformat my phone... And had to pay $.99 AGAIN to download ad-free version... UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!!!! NO LONGER 5 STARS FROM ME!!!!
My original rating was a 5. The new inspiration graphics slow my speed and I can't trace the words for them.  The worst thing is I have now been told I can't start anymore games because I have the maximum started. My "Their turn" list is insanely long from games others haven't completed but there is no way for me to delete these games. Disappointing.
Paid version hardly ever uploads since last update. & 5 coins for additional power up?  Ridiculous.
Now you make it more expensive to play.  Thanls for nothing.
Game is fun but all the updates do is make it slower. I can't play a round without it freezing and before you know ,it my time runs out!
This game is addicting and fun. I thought I would upgrade to paid version so I could earn tokens faster like Zynga promises. No luck, still 20 minutes or whatever. Haven't had the issues with force close or resetting others are saying, (I have HTC Rezound). Nice not to have ads, but these tokens are stupid on the paid and free versions.
I upgraded from the free version with absolutely no perks! Instead got a punishment! I now have to use 5 tokens for the 3rd power-up, and on the free version it only cost 2 tokens. Please fix this because it was a waste of money at this point... Love the game, but the new upgrade screwed it all up!
... With the last update all it did was increase the cost of the 3rd power up from 1 to 4 & it still always has to force close
I love this and loved that they added a 3rd power up until they took it from 1 token to 5 overnight. Who does that? Now it sucks becuz I feel like they ate just tryin to make money by having u purchase tokens just to use an power up...
This update claimed to improve performance and bug fixes, but failed to mention the increased cost of powerups.  They obviously didn't tell us this for a reason.  Won't be paying for tokens anymore, greedy developers. No sir.
Please reduce the amount of coins to play one game or at very least let us earn coins for winning or something
In order to use my third power up it costs me FIVE COINS. Seriously??
Why is coins for the third power up so inconsistent, it was one token last night but now 5 tokens, while only 3 tokens for my wife's phone, doesn't make any sense.
Unless you are having serious stability issues I wouldn't update. The third power now costs 2 coins instead of 1, and this update cannot be removed. Refuse the update and keep your 3rd power at 1 coin... This is the update as of 6.18.12.
Love this game but it always crashes and goes to black screen after only a few games and i have to restart my android phone.
Some rounds only last one minute. This game is too glitchy. Makes for a bad experience when the point is to compete against others. Also the devs can't count. One coin left and still says you need to wait to get a coin. 1 does not equal 0.
Seems to be constantly running on the background and then randomly force closes.   Fun application but I really don't trust it on my phone.
Great game but now I can't play when I try to play it freezers where I have to buy tokens.. so wrong
Good if it dident freeze
Freezes up my phone on occasion, disables sounds on occasion and forces close often. Great game but bugs seriously need to be worked out.
The way Zynga decided to deal with notifications is a shame. Instead of using push notifications, this game keeps a background process running and polls the server every 5 minutes (the default setting). This seems extremely inefficient, not to mention notifications aren't instantly received when someone plays a move or sends a message the way the ios version is. The delays can be especially bad if you opt to decrease polling time from 5 minutes to something less battery tasking like 30 minutes or 60 Minutes
I've played this game a lot and today my phone downloaded the latest update.  I tried several times and i can't get through one full game.  Screen freezes then i can't use my power ups which causes me to lose the tokens I used to Buy them.  And the screen goes black or the game will completely close!  I am very upset about this!  Plus i do not think THE TOKENS are generating faster at all, but with a 3rd choice to Buy another power up you use the TOKENS faster then you can't play hardly any games.  Scam!
Game is a blast until I tried to purchase tokens. Google said I was blocked so I contacted zynga they said I wasn't, credit card was fine, etc., A BIG WASTE OF MY TIME AND 4 DAYS OF BACK AND FORTH....FUNNY HOW ALL OF A SUDDEN PURCHASE WORKED AFTER NUMEROUS COMPLAINTS. DIFFICULTIES DENIED BY BOTH COMPANIES. A ROYAL PAIN IN THE WAHZOO...
I love the game. purchased it. Play it constantly until I installed upgrade. Now it won't open. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Wont work now. Motorola Droid.
The game was very fun and addicting; however, it force closes too much...and won't even open now.  Fix this because I paid for it!
I have to open the app thru the game store. I've updated and restarted my phone, but it keeps loading until I open the game thru the store. Please fix!!!
Was a great game now for some reason it keeps force closing and lags my phone...please fix I love this game don't want to have to uninstall :(
I have a Samsung galaxy s2 and this game causes my sound to stop working. The phone won't play any audio file  (brings up an error, even streaming and even system files) until I quit the game. I got a replacement phone before realizing this game was the issue... Also, the restrictions on number of games open at a time are ridiculous.
Very addicting game. Of course you must buy tokens when you run out...greedy people. If you buy the game you SHOULD NOT have to wait for tokens. They basically want you to pay them everytime you play their game.
Paid for this game bc claimed to earn tokens faster but I've yet to see any difference
I paid 95p for this and force closes all the time, I never had this problem with the free one
But it makes my phone lag, drag, and freeze up.
I bought the new version to get rid of the ads but they are still there.
Too many instances during play when freezing is occurring!!! Aggravating!! Please fix this...
Would be 5 stars if it didn't force close,and freeze my phone all the time!! # HTC inspire
I love the game, but it force closes all the time and makes my phone reset itself!  Seriously annoying!!  :-(
love the game. they just mame it hard to play much as you want. cant cxl games but it blocks you from starting new ones when you have 'too many' open.
This game used to be fun until the dreaded update every two seconds disease took over. Now the game can't even keep up with me. I can find words faster than it can score them. This sucks!  And I can be out of the game for an hour and it will say it needs to force close. So far, not impressed with android versions of games. Stop screwing up good games!
...doesn't play nice with ICS. Lags dreadfully since I updated, slows down my entire phone and eats battery. Still playing but hoping to god you're working on it Zynga...??
is this always on in the background and why does it always force close?
Really fun game, but if we pay for the game, why make us pay for more tokens. Why even have tokens. I would rather pay five or ten dollars for the game, and not too have to worry about the tokens.
If u wanna play more than a couple of times per day then u gotta pay. Like 500 plays for $25.00 dollars!!
It IS killing my battery. I'm not the only one.
Cool app but is constantly forceclosing when its not even being used. DROIDX
No way to get rid of the flakes who don't finish a game...... And there are way too many flakes.
Great game... But i paid to play, I appointent have to pay for tokens to play more often.  I was a sucker and bought some... Of course they are used before your earned free ones... So its a total scam!
This game is different on an Android phone. Freeze time is way shorter and the letters don't work as quickly as an iphone. What's up with that? I really like this game:-)
Zynga's customer service were to address the constant force close issue rather than trying to get me to install a nonexistent OS upgrade. Otherwise, this game would easily make 5 stars. Great game, but the stability fail just about has me ready to uninstall.
I used to love this game but no one ever beat me so I asked for better matchmaking. Instead of pairing me with higher scoring people, I started getting a lag when I so I now score lower. Before, I could enter words as fast as I saw them. Now it takes so long to register each word I enter, there's a distinct pause in graphics as I finish each one. If I start a new word during this lag, the beginning of the new word doesn't register. I've complained about it many times but nothings changed
I love this game, but why do I have to "force close" when I'm not even playing it?  Its started to affect my other games, popping up at all the wrong times, and I'm getting sick of it!
Their business model sucks but the game is fun. Why couldn't they just sell the game without having too reach into your pocket till the end of time?
Hate the update.  I liked the side by side format much better.  The inspiration button and the freeze button should not be the same color.  The update was pointless....
Force closes every other time I open app
Love this game. However the constant freezing on my phone is irritating . Causes me to lose games. Would be perfect not for that
Coins are stupid. Need to regenerate faster or go away altogether. I didn't get the promised extra space for bonus when I got the paid version... 5 stars when those problems are fixed.
Great game! Don't like the fact you have to use tokens!
Usually the app is great but the latest update causes my Samsung Captivate to freeze.
Game is ok
Freezes to much.
Fun but freezes up all the time...multiple times a day
Wish I could game to open, been waiting days. Lost 2 stars. Not happy!!
Likes to lock up and slow down giving the game away to your opponents.
But sometimes the vision cannot see the words
Good game but goes through coins to fast
Added a star - still think coin system is a ripoff. If we are out of coins we should still be able to play, just without powerups. Sometimes if im bored with nothing to do i want to play the game, but 4 games later im out of coins and have to wait 2 hours before they fill back up. Ive wasted over $100 on coins in the past few months its ridiculous but goes to show how addicting the game is and how greedy zynga is. Keeping track of stats would be huge, and the ability to force someone to forfeit after 3 days
:-)
This was a 5* and by far my favorite game app...UNTIL it started requiring a login EVERY TIME I opened it.  Then it takes me through the steps as if I'm a 1st time user.  Used to be able to get right to games upon opening.  "Support" was no help.  They reset my account & within a day, same $h! T.  3* is generous under current circumstances.
Zynga, you need to understand that there are more android users in the world than apple users. There is no reason why  apple should be getting newer games before android. I am waiting for matching with friends for weeks now. At least release at the same time.
Zynga, you need to understand that there are more android users in the world than apple users. There is no reason why  apple should be getting newer games before android. I am waiting for matching with friends for weeks now. At least release at the same time.
Loads slow on my galaxy tab and I get many force closes between games and some during.  I'll rate higher if that gets fixed.
I would give 5 stars but this game automatically restarts my phone or freezes midgame even after getting an updated sim card and doing a factory reset. I love the game but the glitches make me not want to play.
Excellent game...but it keeps freezing.
Great game! Only problem is each game forms basically the same words.
I like the game alot. Really cool but game will just close in the middle of playing. And then it will reset as its about to start as well. Please fix.
Love this game but it often freezes screen especially when using inspirations. Frustrating to hear seconds ticking down & unable to play after spending tokens.
I like this game and would enjoy more minus the freezing/crashing.
A practice round of varying degree of difficulty would be great.
Scramble is a great game if i had to say something negative of Scramble is that you can't cancel a game which you've started and other people don't play right away. The game should be able to be canceled at any given time.
You shouldn't. Have a limit to the number of games you can play at a time if you ou buy the game
Good game but too many,freezes
Paid version needs to be less stingy with the tokens.  Ads pop up occasionally on paid version,  still.  Delete option needed for games 3 days old.
Fun can not stop
Really would rate this 5 stars but even the paid version has too many issues. Crashes ALL the time and network errors out of the blue. Also should get 20 coins at least for the paid
Good game several force close but if you have patience it comes back
Tends to freeze up and shut down mid game
I wish this was totally free because u run out of tokens sooo fast! I ended up purchasing the one that costs money, which regenerates coins a lot faster than the other version.  Plus, u should b able 2 delete old playrs after a couple days when they don't answer back. othr thn that, I love it and it's my favorite game!
The game is very addicting and I love it, but BC I dont earn coins n I bought the app, I will not buy another app from zynga. Untill its worth buying this app and mot having to wait for coins.
Everytime I play more than 4 games in a row it slows down and changes the background on my phone. Its getting really annoying! Please fix
fun game although when i'm getting a lot of points my sound shuts off
Scamble Is awsome
U paid for the full version so i could get tokens faster and it worked grey as I fell in love now after the update it takes 10 mins a token wow..downhill
Coins should regen faster, but that's my only complaint.
Half the time, I can't hear any sound from the game, but it is fun.
I love losing to people in this game. Jk. Anyway its s cool game but seems to be crashing a lot since i updated it.
Love, Love,Love the game but freezes up all the time and locks up my phone. Doesn't notify when it's my turn either even though notification is on. Please fix and would definitely be 5 stars! Droid X2
I would give t is 5 stars because its so much fun... when it works. Constantly freezes up my phone. I've had it on 3 different phones now and it does it to other people I know. But when it does work its so addicting. I bought it but still seems to take too long for coins...
Good but keeps crashing..needs an immediate fix...
Stops, freezing, and reset all the time!!! :(
Awesome game I can't stop playing it the only thing that sucks is the paid version has been freezing all the time!! PLEASE CORRECT|
I bought 1.99 worth of coins and they've disappeared! :(
Excellent game,  but the pause screen keeps popping up and refuses to go.  Also I never get any game alerts,  not sure if I should??
Games always locks up
Fun game except you dont get enough coins. You can only play a couple games before you run out. You shouldnt be charged coins to play a game. Im not spending my money on something so ridiculous.
Sound quits working frequently, tried clearing cache and data to no avail... Have to restart each time so get sound fx back
I love this game but, I discovered after I bought some additional coins, the coins that I usually have to wait for are no longer available until I have used up the ones I've purchased.  Not cool, I'm being ripped off, this app gets 3 stars bcuz I paid for this app to keep the coins coming faster. And rightly so my 16 coins should still be avaliable--along w/the ones I've purchased. Please fix!
I love playing this game - I don't love the fact that it constantly crashes my phone.
Great game but get rid of the ridiculous coin system on the paid for version.  also why is there a limit on the number of games you can start?
great game!
Coins are bs but good game
I am extreamely addicted to this game, but I play multiple people. They use 2 or 3 power ups each game, but I do not have enough coins to compete with that. Allow more room to bank coins, or make power ups cheaper.
I  have to unistall and reinstall  at times. My screen freezes  at times otherwise  fun to  play
Fun, exciting till you run out of coins and you have to wait till they show up by  a time limit or buy them....
Keeps reverting back to ad version after i purchased the ad free, keep having to uninstall and reinstall over and over...annoying!
Love this game but unfortunately it freezes and shuts off my fone and tablet ALL the time! Will prob uninstall if it doesn't get fix real soon!
Occasionally it can be very slow and frustrating. My phone can play some pretty intense games, so I don't know why this game should get so laggy at times.
Love the game but crashes my phone each time I play more than 3 games in a row. Did all the suggestions offered but no help. FIX IT PLEASE!!
Game lags and freezes.
Why? Why? Why? Why can you not bank more than 14 coins? Seems that you would want us to play your game, but since we can only bank a limited amount of coins and I refuse to buy coins, guess I'll play someone else's game.
Last upgrade sucks. Game drags and is sluggish. Game crashes alot. Not as much fun as it use to be.
Why does it take up 16mb???  That's kinda ridiculous for one game Still freezes too .
would be better if you earned tokens for winning a game. however, i think it makes my phone freeze. subtracting stars until it'sfixed
Would give it 5 stars but I don't like that you can't play as many people as you want or delete inactive games.
I had the old school version and while it didn't have all the options, it was much faster, froze less and wasn't constantly jamming my phone.
It seems like cheating to use freeze, scramble, and the other two help tabs, but if you dont you'll lose because everyone else does. Its a fun game though.
If it didnt freeze up so much would be much, much better.
Addicting but it makes my phone freeze pretty often. So fun though. Its worth the freezing I guess :-)
Crashes randomly but still fun
I would have rated it 5 stars if only we could remove players that have been inactive for sometime....
Been playing for a few months now, love the game! But now every time i go to play, the game crashes. Help! 15 hours and counting!!!
Great game, but it sucks balls having to wait for coins. Plus it crashes all the time, often freezing up my entire phone. Uses a ton of battery power.
Please remove the game limit on the paid version.
Game was great until I did the the update. Now it crashes and freezes all the time...in the middle of a round! Please fix this because it's very annoying. I'm contemplating uninstalling this game and I would hate to have to do that.
Love this mind engaging face paced game. Too bad it makes my phone shut down and reboot 3-4 times a day. :-/
I get annoyed that you have to wait for tokens if u don't want to pay for some. It's a bit if a rip off tbh but it is a great game once you have some tokens :-)
Fun addictive game
Love this, but coins are too expensive and deplete to quickly compared to other games by zinga.  Only game that costs me like this.  :(
After 3 or 4 games freezes up and I have to pull the battery. Super annoying.
I love the game so I did the upgrade for. 99 and I still have adds and it still takes 20 minutes to get a token.
Coin system is wack
This game was funner will th fewer power ups. Give us an option to play with out any power ups please.
The  new smart match feature is flawed.  It keeps giving me people whole are really bad. Its a huge disappointment
Tons of fun, but there are a few aspects (coins, no time limits to take turns, etc) that are very annoying
Had given it a five @ one time but these new updates have my game crashing in the middle of a game. The new updates suck. Don't like it at all.
Great way to pass time but a huge memory hog. Kills phone with what must be a memory leak.
Freezes phone alot but fun game
I just wish it didn't freeze so often!!!
Needs a warning @ 30 seconds and the power ups shouldn't bounce because it's harder to use them. Plus now there 3 of them which the 3rd. One cost three coin is okay BUT I want to use all of the same ones. Make the last one add more than 15 seconds. Try like 45 would make people get it more.
I really enjoy the game but zynga's blatent attempts at raping the wallets of their customers is disgusting.  I *PAID* for this app and I can't even use it most of the time because you need to use a coin (which you have to buy or wait to earn) just to take a basic turn or initiate a game. Pretty lame. Its fine if they want to use their stupid coin system for the power-ups but you shouldn't need to use them just to use the basic game. Shame on you, zynga.
Latest update has started freezing my Samsung galaxy s2. Please fix. I will remove game if I gave to remove battery again.
I have the game set to notify every so many hours but I never receive them unless I restart my phone. 5 stars again when fixed.
I agree with the others on the force closing. I also thought that once you purchased the app you were supposed to earn coins twice as fast. It still takes me ten minutes to earn one coin!!!!!!!
Enjoy playing....haven't been able to get the widgit to work.
Great game, but it shuts down on its own sometimes.
The time constraint adds a good challenge to finding words. Also it let's you realize how well you can identify words.
Canny choose three of the same power ups but the free version can. Please fix!!!
Dropping 99 cents so I can only play 3 games every hour is robbery.   3 suggestions...  1. Lower the cost per game (ie don't charge 1 coin to create a game) 2. Regen coins faster.  3. Award coins for winning a match.   Pretty straight forward and fair concept.   Winners keep playing,  losers have to wait...
Addictive and fun. The only problem is this thing is a beast when it comes to eating memory. I've seen it go as high as 124 MB. Don't quite understand why it needs to hijack just about every morsel of free memory available but if zynga can reign this issue in they've got a near perfect social game here. I can only give 3 stars until the memory issue is addressed but it deserves 5. Worth paying for the full version to generate coins twice as fast.
I play a lot and when the rounds are over we go through the lists to find out that lots of the words we got are missing from the score board. Developere need to fix this problem. We r serious paying players who care about perfection.
I have to reboot phone after every few games to have half a chance of getting thru game w/out freezing. Very frustrating.
Good game but I just don't understand why you are limited with the little amount of coins after buying it. If you use the 3rd helper,  it will cost you 3 coins for just that one alone! That's crazy!
Coins,Coins,Freakin COINS!Solid game....just wish u won coins by winning the game....
Although very fun and addictive....program seems to interfere with phone function.  Have experienced lag since downloading...also several force close during play.  Fix these problems....then it will be great!
Good way to pass the time need to be able to get coins faster.
This is weird but for some reason, my name has changed from my facebook name to one of those zyngawf names. It started when i downloaded the new update. How to i get it back to the way it was?
I love this app, such a great game to play. I just hate the fact that your constantly buying tokens! But, I love that game just that much to continue.
The third power up now costs 5 blasted tokens. What the frack!
Fun and I like that it makes me think! **revised since update one coin to play plus 4 additional for extras?! C'mon. I paid for this version. A little ridiculous that I can't keep playing...you should at least get credits when you win. Awful.
Keeps freezing & won't open. And please stop upping the coins required to play with 3 hints. Costs 5 coins a turn now!
;)***
Unfortunately,  it keeps crashing my phone when I get a text.  I'm using the droid x2.
I wish youcould do solo games because that would be fun when waiting for other players. It's fun and fast paced but not enough people enjoy playing.  Also, I'd NEVER pay for tokens, that's just dumb.  But please make a solo option.  Other games that are similar have that and they're more fun.
Really enjoy the game but constantly waiting to be able to play again. I paid for the game and earn coin every 10 minutes but its still not enough. The price to buy more is ridiculous and they would be gone in a few days.
Great game to have while recovering from surgery.  Wished coins lasted longer.
Often freezes or crashes, drains battery
But nerve-racking!
Lowered my rating due to coin system. I frequently buy coins; I've spent a lot of $$ and think u should still earn coins as time goes by even if u have purchased a pack! Not fair. Otherwise LOVE IT.
Fun game
It freezes sometimes
Very slow, and demands tokens to even be able to play, surely as a way to get the player to spend a little extra cash. Power ups should be worth tokens, but it should certainly cost you just to not start the next round!
Useful game
3 token for 1 power up? totally diasapointed.. and the improvement is un-noticeable.. still lagging for me.. and can u guys make the delete button bigger?
Not only is the 3rd power up costly (3 coins) but you can't even use it to freeze time anymore!
I enjoy the gameplay of Words much better. Three coins for a third power up is really over the top. If you are new, be advised that your free coins stop accruing after you purchase coins, at least until you use up the purchased ones. It's a fun game, but I snicker every time I here that Zynga's stock has fallen. I can't see why so much nickel & dime treatment is necessary to make a profit.
New update freezes.
Love to play! I bought full version. BUT I think you should earn coins when you win. And NOT have to use coins when you are challenged. Oh and stagnant games s/b deleted after 3days!  Recently started seeing inconsistencies in getting coins...wtf please fix
Still fighting with glitches and crashes. Otherwise i love the game.
Need new boards..fun to play...KEEP VISION OPTION!
Hate the coins and we should only have to pay once for the hole game but I really do LOVE the game
Buying coins is TOO COSTLY.  $25 for 500 coins is a RIPOFF, especially considering the cost of powerups just INCREASED.  The powerups are TOO EXPENSIVE,  especially after the last update. And coins should load faster than they currently do, especially on the paid version.
The developers r greedy and want u to buy more tokens. The game is ruined when u can pay to win
Receiving force close errors when not even using app. Fun game, slow process for new coins. Could use improvements.
I should have read the reviews before the last update!
10 minutes per coin is kinda ridiculous if you have to use 5 coins just to get max powerups for each game. After update, has been force closing a lot and sometimes my freeze powerup doesn't even work. Very glitchy.
I had been playing this game all the time, but now it won't even let me play because it automatically crashes over and over just as it has loaded my games. Please fix this ASAP.
Very fun but it crashes all the time and now I can't even play it because it crashes o. Open!  Please fix!
Yeah... right. This new feature replaces "random opponent" and is supposed to match you with someone of your skill level. I've tried it 3 times. Each time, I've been matched with someone nowhere near my skill level. The third person had never played before. I'm not saying I'm the most amazing Scramble player to ever play, but I'm not sure I've ever only scored 21 points in a round... The "Smart Match" feature is sorely lacking, for sure.
sticks when battery is low. sticks when you get text email alerts. sticks when phone is updatig other programs in the background. galaxy 1
I love this game, completely addicted to it. But lately it won't load anyone's name that I'm playing against and it gets extremely slow and crashes after 2 games. Please fix it
I love this game, but the u new update sucks it. I updated on my galaxy tab and the new vision power up freezes. I didn't update on my galaxy 4g and its great. I'm sure it will be resolved though.
Addicting n fun!!!! Just tends to freeze now since I've upgraded :( crashes all the time now
I love this game but even with this paid version I can't play as much as I want to. 1 token every 10 mins? Really?? It costs 1 token just to play without power ups!  And you can't delete games that've been abandoned by your opponent. You see people asking how to do this all over the internet and it still isn't possible. Come on people!
Why the price increase for 3rd helper?
Great game. Took many updates, freezes too often... Took many force closes.
So I paid for the version that you get tokens faster - but now instead of a power up being free, one token, and two tokens its now free, one token, then THREE tokens for the 3rd power up? It still takes 8 minutes to get a coin not cool.  Also if I BUY tokens i should still be able to accrue tokens with time like before!!!  Game freezes all the time too.
I love this game but the recent updates are just a ploy to squeeze money out of you. I'll just be playing alot less.
I love this game but I can only play a few rounds at 5 coins each:(
I like playing this game, but it only lets me play 2 games if I'm lucky. It then slows and freezes. I know others who don't have this prob. Why me??
I give this game 5 stars for fun, but one star for having to wait for more tokens.  Every time it gets updated, it costs more coins to play.
Crashes on me constantly...but I love the game
This game would be better if there were group play, and handicaps were offered. There is far too much range from beginners to experts. It would be nice to consistently play against similar players
If someone stops playing during their turn I need a way to delete the game.
Great game but at a cost.  both my wife and I have a et4g and this app destroys our phone sounds. No ringer, no alerts, no alarm etc...   PLEASE MAKE A FIX!
Totally hooked, but don't like the lags and force clos es.  You would think the paid version would work a little better,less lags,but it doesn't.
Would be a 4 star program if they'd fix the major bugs like incorrect last played on Facebook friends and different amount of power ups between iOS and Android.
I love that it's ad-free. Add in token-earning with winning, fix lag, allow to delete  week-old unplayed games, and earn 5 stars. The scramble feature needs improvement. With 3 scrambles, I'm presented with only 2 different board confrontations, the original, and one other. Improve to present a different configuration each time.
Plays okay but freezes a lot.
Ready enjoy playing the game, but I get regular lockups on the phone when playing. Problem persisted across updates.
Would give 5 stars but coins take too long to wait for and also i think whoever wins the game after the 3 rounds should win some coins or something
More coins to play and it'd get 5. If I want to use the extras, its 5 coins...that's only 2 games....?? 2 games? So you don't want us to use your app?
Ok
My games keep lagging....I swipe my letters and they freeze up....please fix.....love this game! Samsung Galaxy SII
I feel like I am making the same words all the time.  Maybe it needs more variability of letters?
I am still getting ads and it still takes twenty minutes to get coins. So why not just play the free version?!?!?!
Love the game but paid for it and do not get coins any faster.
Three stars until you can solve the RAM hogging issues.
The game is great but some players find it (boggle-like) and give up!  i have found even advanced players R friendly and helpful.  The powerups really help you to compete with better players.
Waiting for coins is not fun
I commented back in April that on my htc amaze the volume still shuts off completely on my phone, forcing me to have to restart my phone. I feel like if I pay for something I should get it. Other than that it's fun.
IOVE.THIS GAME BUT CANNKT UNDERSTAND THE TOKENS, AMD if there must be tokens... How about we earn tokens by winning games
Cool app, but I have to force close to be able to get to my call logs.
Freezes often
Sound goes out on phone until you exit out of Scramble through task manager. Galaxy S 2 Epic
It takes 4 for me to get Tue 33rd helper. 1 for my friend. 5 for my wife. I have the paid version the other 2 are the free versions. What gives? Shouldn't people who pay for it use less tokens?
3rd powerup costs 3 tokens.
Not right my son 3rd power up cost 1 token mine cost 5 and he didnt even purchase the game
The only problem I have is the game freezes for a short moment while I am in the middle of the game.
Would like for it to have a landscape option!
The game is a good for taking care of boredom with small pockets of time. Especially you play with your friends. However I imagine this game isn't for those who would like to play alot seeing how you have to wait on tokens to do anything or have the same edge as the person you're playing. This game would have gotten another star but the letter sets get repetitive pretty fast.
Paid the 99 cents for "no ads".  Still have ads, what's up with that!
The game is addictive, fun, and challenging... The new token options sucks. I have brought over 1000 tokens in two days. Also if a person doesn't play after three days they should lose point blank. I could playing another person increasing my skills!!!!!!
Update crashed
I dislike when it automatically resigns if I get trigger happy and press any place else when I'm asked to play a game with someone. It upsets me so. Otherwise great pastime.
But, need more coins to play ...
I don't understand why my 3rd power up cost 5 coins, my girlfriends cost 2, and her friends cost 1
Needs a stat system, that tracks ur overall wins and losses, and wins and losses for particular people.  Also gettin extra coins for winning would be nice.  Y all of a sudden it costs three tokens for the third help. WTF
I now must use 5 tokens for 3rd power up and not pleased in the least. When playing yesterday it was only 1 token for 3rd powerup.  I have the paid version and again, not pleased about all this token usage. Star rating dropped to 3.
Crappy update, can't finish my game...keeps resetting...uninstall & reinstall the app, still doesn't work...PLZ FIX!!!!
I love this game, but I updated it again and now the 3rd power up costs 4 coins!! Where some people are playing all 3 I have handicapped myself because I have to many games going and its now an unfair advantage for some. All you want is fir us to spend real money to buy coins! They run out too quickly for me to spend real money!  Other that its a good game.
fun game, but it's acting up in regards to the amount of tokens needed for the 3rd power-up in the paid version. it cost me 2 tokens, then 1, now it's at 3 tokens...all in 2 days! my sister's ipad version costs 2 tokens for the 3rd power-up. some people are even reporting that it costs them 5 tokens. somethings up.
Great game. Perfect way to kill time on a lunch break or something. The only downside is that it's a huge resource hog. DroidX2
I paid for this game and would like to play without waiting for more coins.  I should have unlimited play after purchasing the game.
Would be great and tons of fun, but its freezing up constantly not accepting words but still taking your time away. Would be a blast if it would stop doing that!  Also causes my phone to randomly freeze while doing other things. If it doesn't get fixed i will have to.delete!
Sometimes it lags. If I get too many combos, the sound turns off & I can't play w/out the sound cuz I want to play fast. I wish you could end play w/ people that don't take their turn for over a few days.
Stupid token system.
I absolutely love this game and up til now never had any problems but since the update the game keeps freezing making it really hard to play on my galaxy s 2, need a fix fast!!
Hate the coins. Issues with it saying I don't have enough coins for the power ups when I do. Wish there was a practice component since our games are limited by coin accumulation.
More regular lag spikes.. Screen went totally blank for a while  and 3 lifelines is just too many
Why the he'll do zynga games fail at notifications when it's my turn,  etc.  This never use to be a problem but now it is -_-
Since update I can't use more than one powerup thing; says I don't have enough tokens when I definitely do.
This game force closes on me constantly, it freezes up, crashes, blacks out, and yet I'm still hooked....please fix the bugs sooner rather than later because even though I'm hooked,I play less frequently now.
Love the game but it crashes all the time on my samsung galaxy 2, and there are delays with making words at the start and the finish of the game.  The delays are not there on the iphones so iphone users get a couple seconds more than samsung galaxy users get. Just an fyi... ;-)
Keep improving please
Solid game i like it
this app would get 5 stars if it didnt start at boot and not close fully! it has to be manually stopped!
It's a very fun and addictive game but...I have the paid version...and just now got an ad when I shouldn't...why?
When i switch from the free app to the paid app i lost my face book picture profile
I love the game but it force closes CONSTANTLY in the background when I'm running other programs.... Like every 5-10 minutes. Very annoying.
This is a fun, addictive version of Boggle.  The problem is that it is a Zynga game.  These people do not care at all about their customers, in fact, it is very hard to even let them know that you have a problem.  Don't pay for this game, it is not worth the $99 of aggravation you buy for 99c.
App works fine when Im actually using it, but when Im doing something else entirely I get a pop up saying something went wrong with the app.  3 stars because it happens too often.
Its a fun and exciting game but it keeps crashing and freezing up.
Fun when you get it but then gets really boring..
I love this game but the freezing is becoming more frequent on my and annoying on my S2 so I'll uninstall until its fixed
Add game statistics and this would be 4 stars. Make the general UI more responsive and it would be 5 stars. (Game board is fine though.) And *please* show what power ups opponents used! I want to play fairly.
I love this game, but it force closes on my Samsung WAY too much.
It would be better If we could see who is our opponent while we are scrambling
Freezes alot
I can't start new games because people haven't played in over a week and I can't cancel it. There is a cheat out there that ruins the game. You know someone is cheating when they get 200 works in 120 seconds. Make it so the cheaters can't win please, and it Takes forever to wait for tokens, even though I paid for the game. Makes it less fun. Can't turn the sounds all off. It plays wind noises at the end for the freeze.
only works about half of the time. not only causes my phone to freeze if I receive a text during a game, but also sometimes causes my phone to restart even if I'm not playing!
Love it but have to force close frequently.
Samung Galaxy, Constantly runs in background and force closes, slowing down phone. Fun game though.
Love the game! Very addicting, however, paid for the upgrade and now still having to wait 20 minutes for the next token. Was working at 10 minutes before, but now back to 20 minutes. A complete waste of money.
I really wish this game would stop freezing before the time runs out. It's really killing my game status. Droid X
Its searched for an opponent June 4th and I still can't add a game. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I've turned my phone off and on and it's still searching for an opponent.
Keeps force freezing....especially when the app is closed.  Love this game. Please fix....then will give 5 stars.
If only they gave you coins for winning.
Great game but constant force closing even when I'm not playing the game is VERY ANNOYING!!  Considering deleting it because of this even though I love the game. PLEASE FIX!
This is my fav game but it freezes during the games constantly. This is driving me up the wall. I got the paid for version hoping it would be better but it's not. Also if someone decides not to finish the game you can't delete them. I have games over a week old I'm stuck with which limits how many other games l can play, very annoying!
The paid version is slow to pop up the accept/deny screen when someone challenges you to a new game.  If you press the bottom button, you resign the game.   It never happened in the free version.  Please fix.  Otherwise great job and is loads of Boggle fun.
This one force closes more than the free one. Please fix that because I love this game.
It would have been nice to receive more or a recharge of coins! Fail....but I love this game!!
Paid version freezes up in the middle of game and takes away time. Don't pay. Stick w/ free version.
Love the app! Just wish their was a way to resign ur opponent when its their turn and its been days that they have played.  Also when I send chats the other petting does not receive them.
It lags even on the best Android devices.  Need to prompt to accept deny games before you are allowed to click on play again otherwise you end up declining a lot of games by accident.  Other than that it's tons of fun. Would like to have head to head win loss records for bragging rights.
Overall this game is good fun but having to use coins to play and then either having to shell out $4 or $5 a week is ridiculous to me. Just make the paid one slightly more and only use the coins for extras... Otherwise if you don't mind that it's good fun.
Runs in the backround for notifications which i dont mind but it constantly  crashes doing so please fix
A little slow at times but a great way to pass the time. Recently it has been freezing and my phone restarts itself. when I am not even using it a notification popup up keeps telling me that they have to force close or report then when I press report it says Goole play is force close.....confusion
So you got me to buy the game, Congrats. But you could still get me to buy tokens if you added the following: statistics, ability to resign/end games when its the other persons turn esp for random opponents, and fixing the freeze power up coding as it often gives very inconsistent freeze times.
I love this game. Sooo addictive! Only problem I have is what's up with the coins? Let us play as much as we want and charge coins for power ups.. but at the same time, make us earn them.. stupid concept. When the coins are gone/improved, I'll rate 5 stars. Until then, only 3.
I LOVE THE GAME!!!!  However there NEEDS to be a way to get unplayed games off. When some else fails to play. It limits the games you can play if there are a bunch just sitting there for DAYS!!!!!!  Would be a 5 if you fix that!!!
the performance of this app makes the game unplayable at times. the unnecessary animations cause awful lag.
Love the game but it will freeze up and  my time will keep running.
Game is great fun. Seriously,  though...I pay for the full version but sometimes I can't play unless I purchase even more? I understand tokens for bin uses...but just to play? Bad move.
Love the game but I hate the token system.   Would be 5 stars if they didn't make you wait for tokens or have to buy them.  Lame.
Needs a pass and play like the words game.  Also should be unlimited plays for the paid one.  Super addictive and fun
Love this game but it keeps telling me it quit working and to force quit it and I am not even playing the game.
I am very addicted to the game but would like to see the winners earn something in the game.  I would also like a scoreboard ..... I also feel it is unfair when you purchase tokens you do not earn tokens until you  have depleted what u bought.
I have an Android, and I love this game...BUT it constantly force closes. I even deleted it and then purchased it and yet it still does it. Please fix!
great game but it needs some kind of stats...Also would be nice to delete games without having to finish..It's easily a 5 star app if stats were available...
Ever since the recent update, Scramble force closes (when I'm not playing) up to five times a day. Samsung Mesmerize. Please fix it!
Plays well but why cant you cancel inactive games?
I have had to restart my phone a few times grrr.
Sticky after update...memory hog....
Good game
I can run multiple apps on my phone smoothly, but if I want to play SWF then I have to delete, not just one, but all game apps to run this app smoothly. The weird thing is that the other apps are so much larger than this one. You'd think that deleting one app would make it perform better, but it doesn't. Disappointment. Samsung exhibit II 4G
Love the game, HATE the token system that constantly limits your play time. I got the paid version and STILL it keeps stopping me from playing in hope of getting more,money out of me. How about a 5 or 10 dollar version with unlimited play?
Would be nice to resign from a game when you're waiting for the opponent.   Also, is it possible to increase the number of games being played? When you're waiting for opponents, you're stuck there until an opponent responds.  Finally, the scramble option doesn't really work. Although you have 4 x to use the option in your game, it basically repeats the previous letter positions after you hit scramble once.
Bought the upgrade, still getting the ads. Love the game, wish you got coins faster. Stats would be nice.
I like game, but constantly causes my tablet to freeze, its a pain
Would be better if the program would stop popping up with error. And shutting down
great game, but since last update it force closes on DROID X
Sometimes forcecloses. You have to wait forever for coins, even if you pay. Really fun, tho.
Keeps shutting down after the update
Run out of coins too quickly. I've purchased the app and its still too slow. After buying the app we are still asked to shell out more money for coins? Shouldn't you be happy I've already spent my money?
Glitches at times. But very addicting.
<3 it
I love the game. It's the only one i play but it force closes constantly.
Great game but real problems... I wish this didn't freeze mid game for instance and is the only app I use that totally crashes the phone!
Since up date game hangs up/freezes! And do away with coins!!!
I hate being prompted too rate an app.  Especially if I've already rated it.
Would like the option of turning off notifications and app running all the time in the background.
Game will freeze &/or shut down frequently in the middle of a game??? Getting worse everyday :-(
Cool game but when people don't continue the game it stays on your list forever... but other than that.. its great...
Fun, but I wish there wasn't a limit and I knew how to delete games
like
This game is fun, addictive, and exciting, but, there doesn t seem to be a way to quit games after you've taken your turn. Consequently, people forget to play and it becomes easy to hit the max number of games.
Such a great game and for the most part bug free but it froze 9 of my games for the last week. Ive emailed support but no fixes yet.
Randomly closes out of a game I might be playing with someone, lags sometimes.  Otherwise is a pretty good game.
Would be great if the tokens didn't exist. Should just be able to play.
This would be the perfrect game except for the tokens. I thought if I paid for an app I could play as much as I want. Plan on buying better app
Would be nice to see the actual names of the people I'm playing. Love the game.
Fun and addicting. Slow sometimes on my galaxy nexus.
i know loves it :( i hate peer pressure
This game is hard to stop playing in the beginning, but there are so many of the same exact words in every puzzle I eventually lost interest.
Best Zynga offering to date.
Good game and fun, but .looks like people are over the fad.  Not a lot playing it
Great game  Pls. Add pass and play option and it then i will give it 5 stars
I play this with my husband incessantly. It's a fun easy to be connected through our work day because we are gross like that. Don't use the power up that moves the board around because it's a bait and switch.
I have my kids wanting to play now! Love it awesome game
Great game. Only problem is that it freezes up sometimes.
Brilliant game, but definitely needs an option to remove games if people don't respond witin max. 3 days, also the paid version should have a higher limit for number of open games (say 50 instead of 20). I am sure this would motivate a lot of people to buy the paid version. Tokens for winning a game should also be included.
I am added to this game but developers need to fix the force close problem. Consistently having to force close. OTT, great app.
Fun .....but coins take too long to generate
Love this game... definite buy for the price!!!
Needs more slots for coin regeneration!
Love the game hate the cost. As you get addicted it does get pricey to play.
Love this game! Love playing with no ads also!
Really fun addictive game  but my phone gets stuck and forcecloses.  Also sometimes the phone freezes but the time still counts down.  I still love this game and get suckered into buying tokens once  in a while.  It loses a star due to the token issue
I love the game. But getting sick and tried of it freezing all the time.  Please fix this
Great game!
I love boggle, so this game feeds my addiction. It's crashed once, but I won't blame it.
Great game! Still experiencing issues with freezing up, though.
Not really playing anymore because it takes forever to send a game... It just sits there? What's up?
Really enjoy losing time to this game. I don't understand why the coin limit is there, hence only 4 out of 5 stars. If you love Boggle you'll be addicted too. :)
Like the Boggle of my childhood
Great game please make timer to every 5 minutes.
I have a problem resigning games. I have multiple games that have no game play for Weeks and its holding up my game play. I seen someone posted that now we can resign those games our self. I can't figure it out. Please help! I'm sick of sending it and having zynga take them off manually because it either takes them forever, or it just doesn't Get taken care of at all.
Addictive - playing with people all across the country!  Now that I upgraded The notification causes my phone to vibrate - the icon was enough.  Would love to be able to turn that off.  Really disturbing at 3 AM!!  Had to loose a star for that. .
Love this game!!
Great game.should give more tokens.when free ones r gone u have to wait or buy more
Love this game, but can see a slight repeat of words...still, it is so fun and I play all the time!!!
the game is getting better but it still freezes and uses alot of memory.....
Its boggle but funner.
Loads of fun with your friends
Entertaining. Shuffle should be a free option on each board.
Fun game, love it, only problem is it locks up sometimes and kicks me  out.
Awesome except that the additional power ups. Would rather play with just a max of two.
It's fun but the coins go to fast.
Love this game! Fun to play against people you know.  Ads don't really bother me that much since it's free.
Addictingly fun.....ocassionally slows or freezes but def my fav game
Awesome fun
Best game ever, but however the deleting old games untill youve won or lost games sucks.
I play often w/friends & family and cannot get enough.  I would give it 5 stars but I dn't like the token thing. Since I play so much, it can be pricey. You should gain tokens as you win!
Updates have made this better! Running smoothly, and loving the game a lot. Keep it up y'all
The paid version is the same as the lite version. What did I pay a dollar for? Still a great game, just confused!
I love this game except for the fact that the paid ios version that my wife uses regenerates coins faster than my copy.
works great, fun game BUT sometimes it just crashes on me and its very frustrating. all in all a good game
Luv it! Favorite game.
Love it but after ten or so games all aps slow and then a freeze until i shut down and reload.
It would be nice to play more games before having to have to wait for more tokens.
Great game idea--Boggle using Scrabble points & bonuses! SO fun and addictive! Unfortunately it seems to use a ton of RAM and lags at times (otherwise 5 stars). Just be sure to quit all your other apps before you play.  LG Revolution
Very fun when it doesn't lag and freeze my phone. The coin system is designed to frustrate you into buying coins.  And they cost too much.  If the game still regenerated coins after you bought them, it would be nice, but you don't.
I really enjoy scramble, but it freezes up a lot. I wish the coins regenerated faster too. It drains my battery faster than any other app I use, which makes it harder to play when I'm traveling.
Heather S.
This game is addicting wen it dosent freeze up.
Addictive game.
Fun game. Need to be able to delete players who don't finish games.
I love this game.  Just frustrated about how it tends to just stop mid game and the only way to get the phone working again is to power off.
Its fun. I play on my android and my kindle. Both play well although there are few synching hiccups.  Also I want to be able to buy the ad free version for my kindle.
I like it
I like it
Seems as most of the bugs have been fixed :)
Fun and addictive
Super game.
All kinds of fun with all my friends.
Love, love, love it.
Boggle like game with point values for each letter ( scrable style). Only play against other people ( words with friends style). I love this game, just wish there was a free play or practice mode.
Runs really smoothly without the ads. Well worth $1... Don't be a cheap skate...
Shouldn't have to keep buying coins. That makes me not want to play the game. Other than that great game.
Pretty fun, definitely helps pass time at work on slow days
Good fun
Awesome game, I  play it lots. However local play would be a nice addition.
A practice round of varying degree of difficulty would be great.
Very enjoyable
Now that you can use 3 power UPS, you user 4 coins per game... Seems like we should get more coins.
Now that you can use 3 power UPS, you user 4 coins per game... Seems like we should get more coins.
The game is good except I use to be able to pick 3 of the same bonus or extra help things like 3 freezes or 3 scramblers but now I can only choose 2 the same and my 3rd option that takes 3 tokens has to be something else. That prt sucks cuz now I can only play 3 times then I'm out and have to wait for the tokens to reload. And why they make the 3rd option 3 tokens I don't know why 2 was not good enough. But the game is good, losts of fun.
If opponent doesn't go you are stuck.
3 tokens for the third power up????? Go back to 2 and my review goes to 5 stars!
doesn't reward enough for larger or more obscure words
Love the game!
Force close pops up a lot though
Great game except it runs sooo slowly that half the time my score is horribly low because it freezes
My phone freezes and i have to force quit.  Otherwise five stars.
If i bought the paid version, and buy coins why not let me play more than twenty games at once. People take longer to play back when they run out of tokens, and im left with no one to play. Do you not want my money
Needs to get rid of 2 letter words. Needs to keep stats (wins/losses per opponent). Multiplayer (3-4 players) would be a cool addition. 1 star b/c regularly slows down/lags and crashes my Galaxy S.
"AMAZING".."EXCELLENT" .."INCREDIBLE"..Awesome game..only issue is I have so many games going.if people dont play right away..I gotta wait days before it takespeople off..GIMME THDOPTON TO QUIT!!!!! Also...we need a LEADERBORD &STATS!!!!
Great game but wish you could play without a competitor to get more practice.
Can you day fun?
Very addictive game.... At the same time improve your vocabulary words...  SA
Fun
Love this game
They really are trying to make money more than create a good game. No reason at all to not gain tokens for wins. The only way to get tokens is to pay for them or get one every 10 mins
I just resigned a game after round 1 cause I earned 523 points and the other player earned 37. Wasn't even worth my time... Fix it. Other than that, paid version if fine.
Always a fun time....
Awesome and addicting, but why do you limit my number of games?  I am training to become a Boggle champion, and I paid the f-ing dollar for this. Come on now, let me quit games or just don't limit me, mang.  I am infinite.
After paying $1 for it, I think the tokens should be given more frequently and the free version!
Fun game and keeps your interest for a while. Really hate that messages can't be sent once a game is finished. Options for longer games and ensuring your opponent is using the same number of cheats (power ups), would increase my rating to a 5.
Why can I only use the vision power up once per game? Has something changed?
Its a good game but i keep losing sound and then i have to restart my phone. I had a droid x before the s3 i have now and it did the same thing, so i know it cant be the phone. My son has also had the same problem.
Token generation sucks, but I <3 the game..
This is now my favorite Zynga game. I do get a lot of errors and I report each one. Hopefully they'll get the bugs worked out soon like the other games. Sometimes the game gets sticky and seems to move slowly.  When it's working smoothly it's a 5star game! Send me an invitation to play and say "hi", I'm SWEETDAYDREAMER.
Love the game, but slows down your phone
I love this game. O wish there were a practice mode so that I didn't Jane to wait for opponents or start so many games.
Love it.....
Stops responding on my Droid Bionic but the time keeps going so I lose out on my boosts.  Otherwise great game.
It has always been a great game but this app is rather very battery consuming. Let's say an average 2% of battery life per game.
It has always been a great game but this app is rather very battery consuming. Let's say an average 2% of battery life per game.
I love this game.  Hate the tokens.  I would gladly pay 10 bucks for the app and never have to wait for tokens again.
Coins generate too slowly
Addicting and fun to play, which helps me overlook that it eats up my battery and RAM.
This game is so addicting!
Best game ever!
Greatest game made
I love this game.....it is very addictive,I try to get everyone to play.....LOVE......LOVE......LOVE!!
Really kills the phone though
Really kills the phone though
Really kills the phone though
Fun game
I love to play.
this game is fun, the only thing that bothers me is it won't let me connect with Facebook so I can't play with all my friends.
Passed my time when bored.
A blast to play! Would be excellent if you got more coins though to play longer, and more games.
Needs a resign and forfeit option. Freezes sometimes, other than that its a good game.
Best game for android! I don't like the game limits or waiting for tokens to play. Please remove these limitations.
I hate the crashing and freezing, but other than that ....great game
Fun
I am addicted! This game is fun and challenging! My entire family loves to play it. A few things would make it better. 1. Why does the vision offer 3 missed words on the paid version but offers 4 on the free?It seems like it should be the opposite.  2. There should be the option to end games when the second person isn't responding. 3. Wish you could play endless games!
Fun nice little app...have to get used to the variety of ways to spell words
3rd help item should be cheaper.
Why can't we earnon coins while we have purchased ones?
I love the game but I could do without the constant force close of the app.  I brought the full version hoping it would help but it hasn't. Plus I no longer get notifications when it'sy turn.
Okay,didn't notice that the coin replenish time was cut in half which is good.this game is way better than WWF.love the effects and features.wish you can resign from a game that people aren't playing and win a coin everytime you win though.
The game is great but it constantly boots me out of my game and I lose alot of points. I've hears the free one works better. Should have dealt with the adds
Freezes up my droid pretty frequently now. Fun otherwise.
Works well, but is slightly sluggish at times. Still fun. Worth the few bucks.
Lots of fun but my tablet keeps locking up.  Don't know if it's my tablet or the game
It's a very fun game. I play with my girlfriend all the time. Only problem is when I open a game, it randomly goes to the starting screen.
Enjoyable word search game like Boggle, but if you buy extra coins, the game no longer gives you a free bonus for every game.
Great game but keeps pausing itself,  v annoying.
Addictive, but disappointed that we have to buy tokens with real money on the paid version.
I love playing this with everyone from all different places. Thanks. i did pay for full verion but cant see any perks.
Getting 1 coin every 10 min kind of sucks though. We should get coins when we score points or win.
This game is cool but my tonsils are swollen. I hope I'm not sick.
Needs more variation of words...Fun game
Doesn't allow me to send facebook requests. Well foreclose every time, otherwise great!
Too expensive   Other then that its my favorite. Also we need to b able to pick the same three power ups.
This is an awesome game.
This game is great!  It's quick so I can play a game or two in a spare moment but it also requires thought so I feel the downtime is virtuosly spent.  Minor issue with sometimes having to login again but that is the only issue for many minutes of entertainment.  Nice work!
Just wish the coin system was a little less annoying.
UI could be cleaner, less Zynga hard sell!
Had to! We just love it! Monthslater...STILL love it!
Love this game
Great game.  I've been playing for months.  Just came across a problem though.  The game has started to spontaneously pause itself in play.
Very Fun and addictive but the token thing is rediculous, it should let you bank more coins then it allows or use less coins to play.
Requiring 3 tokens for the third power up is ridiculous! A joke! Come on Zynga! Having said that this game rocks and the " vision" power up is awesome. 123wordkiller if you want to lose
Addicted....
I like this game a lot. It can be quite addictive. I don't really like the coins though and sometimes it shuts down randomly.  Still pretty good though.
Need more words....repetitive
Fantastic.
it definately slows down my LG optimus because  I have deleted the app  I instantly can tell the difference but love the game and opted to keep it installed despite the frustrating side affect.
I love this game play all the time
Great game but if you paid for the game you still gotta wait for tokens, make it unlimited tokens if you pay for it then it will be 5 stars
Love this game.  Only gave 4 stars because of the continued force close.  Otherwise excellent game.
Super addicting
Fun game! Addictive!
Wish that there were an option to resign from a game when the invited opponents don't respond within 24 hrs...otherwise no complaints!
I love this game when it actually works. I was hooked and then it started freezing on me. I wish the coins regenerated faster, too.
But could really do with some stats so I know how many games I win or lose against each opponent
Great game, but it crashes my phone all the time.
I have no problem at all. Samsung tablet except the coin issue sucks
Addictive, genuinely fun!
Occasional freezing which is annoying, but other than that a fun, time consuming game to pass time.
Great fun. I love that it's so quick.
Only problem is waiting for coins :-(
Great game, they need to make leaderboards and stats and harder boards or difficuty levels, but in time, lovvvvvve it ,   play me I'm in the 100 words a game range
the game I play most.  must be a good reason for that!
I love this game!!! My only problem is that I cannot delete older games from the active list because it is their turn and I can't start new ones because I keep hitting the max games started. PLEASE make it so we can delete older games we no longer want to continue because the opponent is too slow taking their turn. I payed so that I could play more games and now I can't even use all my tokens cuz some people start games and don't play their turn in a timely fashion. If you fix this, it will be 5 stars.
Well done I enjoy everyday
Wish I could play unlimited games.
I Love this Game...Very Addicting...
Great spare time game.
Love playing with my family and winning.;-)
Fun but expensive.  Paid version gets free tokens faster but if you buy tokens you don't get free ones any more.  That isn't fair.
I love this game! it' fun and challenging. If not for if freezing on me several times I would have given it 5 stars.
A lot of fun just wish you could get more for the tokens
Coins expensive
Its definately an additives game
Will (seldom) end game even though I have time remaining... makes it frustrating when I could've defeated that one opponent I never have! Otherwise, a GREAT game!
Fun game, when games are available. For a paid game, I should be able to play solo. Also, it really seems the letters are prearranged, not random, which severely limits the fun.
Samsung  stratosphere  Fun but....takes to long to get tokens...got the paid version the only upgrade you get is a token 5 minutes sooner...big deal!!!
Love this game! But the fact that you run out of coins and have to wait a specific time period to earn them back is stupid. Clearly just a ploy to make the user purchase coins with real money. We should get coins based on the number of points we earn per game! Would boost my rating if i could play longer...
Best comment about a game is that it's additive. Needs game stats to get my five stars.
It does crash a lot and fiancee bitches about it freezing her phone
Really fun game but you can't play for more than 20 minutes or so until the stupid coins reset (one at a time I might add)
Just wish it was a little bit longer time limit...
It can get pretty addictive.
Nice. Luv the game lags alil but not bad.
Love this game....only complaint is the long amount of time before you can get new tokens....other than that I LOVE IT!
What they said. :-D. This game is like a boggle powerup x 2! It would be nice to be able to delete games even when its not your turn.
I love scrambles it really gets your brain working. I just wish it wouldn't keep freezing. Hopefully they will fix this problem?
Im just rating to see if i get free tokens.
Would give it 5 stars but I don't like that you can't play as many people as you want or delete inactive games.
HTC EVO 4G LTE Love this app & it has certainly come a long way.
Totally worth it.
Thanks
...need to figure out how to win more often!
Love it
With lots of wordy friends, this game is fantastic!
Love this game!
Consistently my fav app,, love it to pieces
Would be higher if it wasn't for all the glitches. Even after updates something else seems to be wrong with game
Great ~ App
Its great, easy fun.
Fun game.  Pretty good key response time, for quick play. I use it so much why not pay for it.
Love this game, win or lose!!!
Totally addicted! But tends to slow my phone down. Otherwise FANTASTIC!
Sound doesn't work all the time. Makes it hard to play when u can't hear it.
Challenging and addicting. The dollar spent for no ads was well worth it!
Love the game
Addicting and fun. But the coin process is bullshit
So much fun!
Good way to kill time at work...
The occasional stutters suck. Or the keys stutter doesn't count the word and time still comes off.
I'M DIGGIN IT!
Fun but laggy. Sometimes running processes shows it using 200+ mb.  Wat.
Addicting and fun.
Hoped I would have received additional coins with my purchase the application. Surprised it didn't give any like the others I have bought.
I love it! It's fun!
Play it all the time!
Coins need to be more attainable, i mean i did pay for full version. Little noticeable difference from free version
Love the game, its super super addicting. Would b a 5 star rating if it ddnt crash so much. Hav a samsung S2.
Great!!!!!!!!!!! Sometime freezes
I love this game. The only game I know that you can play in the same room as others, in silence and not be uncomfortable. So addictive and I can't get enough. I only gave it 4 stars as I didn't feel that you are given enough coins to play long enough. I don't believe in paying for imaginary coins, so that sucks... but otherwise it's an amazing game. Great work Zynga!
Good times.
If I move too quickly to start  playing and hit Play before the Accept pop-up pops up, it sends a denial to the person inviting.  Please disable the Play button until after the invite is accepted.
Good game quite enjoyable
Fab game when it doesn't freeze! Keeps going on pause,which messes the game up,cause you end up resigning when you're franticly pressing the button to resume the game,otherwise an ace game.plz sort this,pretty plz!
Great game love to play it with friends and strangers
Freezes my lg optimus occasionally, but really fun game!
Love the game! Hate waiting for the coins to build back up, cuz Im not gonna buy them.
This is a very fun game. However, it causes my phone to force close often.
More enjoyable now tokens collect faster that's a plus more options given for game play
Fun but sluggish on my transformer
Great game.
Great game to practice English vocabulary. Cheers from Poland!
I still suck at this game that's why its getting for stars not five
This is a fun game, challenging but a great way to have a little friendly competition
Quick and fun little game to play.
I don't like when you helper tiles jump up and down ar 10 sec left. It won't let you push them till after they are done moving
Worth the 99¢ for removal of ads and quicker coin refresh.
Awesome game... Just be aware if you buy coins, the free ones stop generating...
Fun and addictive
Fun and addictive
Paid for the app cuz its worth it.  Droid 3
Great fun
It would be nice not to have to have an opponent, but to try and better your own score.
This game is wonderful and very addictive, me and my friends play it hours and hours at a time, thanks Zynga
Would be better if there was a score sheet profile of players. I hope zynga could develop this than I will give it 5 stars!
Uses a lot of memory
Addicted to this game! Wife and I play endlessly.  Where is the home screen widget???
The new update does make it crash often, but still enjoy playing.
Got it  for 99¢, can't beat that.
Love it
Game is fun and addicting.
Fun game. Overall works well and I enjoy it. It can be addicting. They are always updating. Sometimes it makes it more fun. Sometimes it causes you to use more tokens to do things such as a "vision" or "inspiration. All a trick to get you to buy tokens. The free version caused my phone to do crazy things so it is worth buying the upgrade.
Great game...will give five stars once u can delete games that are several days old due to non players
Great game
Love this game!!! I have no problems with this app at all
I used to play boggle as a kid and this game is even better. I play this as much as I play madden or killzone.
Great mind challenging game...
Yet another ripoff game from zynga.  It is fun, though, with very little force close issues.  PS: I hate the coin system.
Would be great if it kept stats and had a ranking like other game apps.
My only complaint is that I waste too much time playing this.
Kept freezing my fone & blocked incoming texts. Once i uninstalled, 18 new texts came flooding in. Same problem w/sister & neices fones too.
Great and addicting but the coins are too expensive.  I've had to cut down on the number of games I can play while I wait for the free coins.
A GOOD TIME
Sooo addictive
I like a chance to play with family, but the game freezes up on occasion.
Can hang on my Droid X
Charz
Definetly an enjoyable pass time, always runs smooth on my Droid!
Like the game
This games is super fun and hella addicting but the sync rate is slooooow.
Great fun for family and friends.
Love the competitive play! I think it's common courtesy to finish the game no matter the outcome. Lots of fun and educational!
Very addictive..
Superb game. Updated version a bit cheeky with the token usage and power-ups though. Less game play.... But then with it being so addictive, isn't that a good thing?
I play this game a lot, and I run out of tokens very fast!! Also, I wish you could get 3 minutes. When I use the help button in the middle first if gives you the words that don't have many points, if you use it at the end, that's when you get the big words or the words with a lot of points!! Lightening50
Some freeze ups but I love it!
Love it, but limited tokens annoying and buying tokens v.expensive...
Great app until todays update. Stroke of genius?? Nope, inspiration lightning bites - big time. I'm not feeling it at all.
Its a fun game, but randomly crashes on my Galaxy S II.  Otherwise, I love it!
Didn't like the latest change which increased coin usage, but still a good game.
Would be super if it kept running tallies of wins/losses & total points for each opponent.
Awesome game to pass the time.... only wish we could have more coins in our banks!!
Scramble is great....too bad as soonas you start playing you run out of coins. :-(
Great game and concept. Just upgraded from free to paid. Hopefully the crashes will stop now
The new update makes the game crash randomly during play. Phase fix.
Great!
need to provide more coins
Addictive & fun.  Only con is sometimes it lags which is frustrating.  Once in a while it doesn't register a word. Like the new power-up, too.
The time constraint adds a good challenge to finding words. Also it let's you realize how well you can identify words.
Love to play! Hate all the force closing. Need to earn tokens faster. Do NOT like the new 3 token helper. Can't use all 3 of the same helpers and seriously 5 tokens per game us over the top!
The no-ad, faster tokens version makes it even more enjoyable! There have been a couple of major updates lately that are causing crashes almost everytime I access the game. I'm hoping that gets worked out soon.
Free tokens please
Fun for all
I  play this every night before bed. Great fun! My only suggestion is to create a way to play by yourself so we're not always waiting on the other player.
Good and fun too play:..................:
Butt need access to web to work
I'm totally addicted. Every once in a while force closes.
Can't open since updating and can't uninstall update to even go back to the previous version and its an app I have paid for??????
It freezes on my Atrix2 especially when tallying games.
Great game, very addictive. But wouldn't buy coins again.
Love this game.  But the coin system is  frustrating.  When you purchase coins you stop earning them if you have more than 14.  kind of a rip off.
It's great, a little laggy, but overall great. Wish there was a way to resign even when it's not my turn
Scramble with friends
Addictive :-)
The new update has a nice power up for beginners, but if you are an experienced player you won't care about a 3rd power up slot.  Still a very enjoyable game.
Loving this time killet app!
Great game! For those who paid for game shouldn't have to pay for more coins. That's too much.
Clearly like everyone else.. this game needs a variable that divides win and loss. Or stats display..
No bugs in this game,great game!
I love it
The only bad thing is I can't play more people.
Great game lots of fun
Great fun game but has the occasional crash sometimes in the middle of a scramble session! then I need to start over....other than that it would get five stars no other issues!
I love this game, but since the last update it constantly freezes, crashes and force closes - even for us paid players. Please rectify, we all need our Scramble fix!
Addictive and fun! I just don't understand the token system. It will say I have 20 tokens when I log off but when I return I have 19 or fewer. What is the difference between a bonus token and a token?
The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because I find the in app purchase business model to be predatory. The game itself is extremely well made, lots of fun, and super addictive.   -HTC THUNDERBOLT
I truly used to LOVE this game but, now I play it and it either locks up on me during a round or the rest of my phone when I'm done. Hell, it locked up on me writing this review. It does the same thing to my husband's phone too! PLEASE FIX IT SO I CAN ENJOY PLAYING AGAIN!!!
My favorite of the Zynga "with friends" series available for Androids. Would like to see combo bonuses in a future update.
Would have given 5 stars, but recently the freeze option and the @ looking thing isn't working. My time still counts down while using the option.
Love playing boggle,  so this is a great game to play with friends. Also like playing with random people.  Like the new power-up but not the increase from 2 tokens to  3. Not going to buy tokens so it takes a long time to keep up with all the games.  Increase the maximum tokens and it would be more enjoyable.
The newest powerup is great. Why complain about the cost of the third powerup. If you cant afford it, then don't use it. It makes it a challenge to manage your games. The paid version should earn coins even faster than it does though.
I don't like how it doesn't use my name on my own screen. That started when I updated my program.
Password option is not working
Vision is great, unless you have already found some of the words they want you to find.
I love the game but hate the coin system...if there is one!  I'm not getting coins when it says I should be...I'm always at the point of running out of coins. Doesn't seem right to have to buy coins a lot...not really a free game, is it?  It would be a 5 rating, but I didn't get the bonus coins again...
Great game
Definitely a fun and addicting game! What I don't like is the limited number of coins and the ads.  There should not be fees for more coins but rather be an unlimited supply. The data package for smart phones is enough of a cost/expense.
Need to earn tokens more quickly
I love this app, such a great game to play. I just hate the fact that your constantly buying tokens! But, I love that game just that much to continue.
Great but expensive. And sometimes freezes and I have to shut down to restart and unfreeze game
great game.
Would get five if it didn't crash all the time. Love playing the game though. Great time waster.
I love this game. I just wish it didn't lag and crash sometimes. It keeps the mind active and thinking.
Would be great but sometimes the sound on my entire phone will shut down if I get too many combos. Then I have to exit from scramble and reopen it for me to play with sound
Would be great but sometimes the sound on my entire phone will shut down if I get too many combos. Then I have to exit from scramble and reopen it for me to play with sound
the player won coins if you beat your opponent, or if you could bet a few coins
I love this game!!!!!!  Fun to play!!!
I wish it would give u stats on wins and losses for the time u have played since your very first game. Also if a person hasn't accepted to play they should automatically forfeit after like 3 days. I have some people that hasn't accepted to play for like 3 weeks and their still on my page! That's crazy....other than that love the game.
Love it!!!!!
Fun & addicting.
Love the game and new additions and powerups, BUT, the cost of 3 tokens for the additional powerup is a RIP OFF!
Updating rating. Been 4 months and still the same. The amount of bugs in a simple interface game is astonishing. The power ups really cause the game to go haywire every few games I play. The clock will randomly go to zero is my favorite one after using freeze or the new crystal ball thing. Using power ups and pausing the game really blow it up. And now 3 coins for a power up? Jees.
Must have some crap code though. Its slow to boot even on a dual core tablet! Also no landscape mode. :(
It always generates similar sequences of letters and gets a little boring after a while but this game is very addictive, good job
Ever since I upgraded phone to Droid razr, game doesn't show updates when it's my turn again. Eventually, if I send a message to opponent, it says Mt session has tinned our and asks me to log in again. Then it sites my turns, which have been ready for hours or days. But, it is a fun game when it works! I like it!
Cant stop except for some periodic force closes. Easy to link to and play whoever you want.
I love the game and being able to play with far off friends and family, but I can't give it five stars because of the permissions. It wants far too much information for a game that I paid for.
Great game. Needs work.locks up too easy.
I love this game!  Need to have a way to earn coins  and stop updating with new options the last update keeps freezing or slowing down my games.  Need to take the game limit off and give you the option to delete a game when its not your turn!
Would rate it 5 stars if you could get rid of the people that start a game and never finish. I have 8 games that have been on 7 days since they played.
If it weren't for the memory leaks, I wouldn't given this 5 stars.
This game is highly enjoyable and addictive. It's also glitchy on occasion, but not enough to cause too many problems.
Love it!
This is a good fun game, but wish I could play/practice myself against the board.  Stats tracking would also be good.   I see many complaints against the coins and powerups... but simple answer is don't use them.
Great fun, very addictive.
Addictive game however there is not enough coins to keep you occupied for long enough which spoils it having to buy them is a bummer
Love everything but running out of coins
Great game for quick thinking and working on your vocab skills. Do wish they would get rid oc the coins, or AT least reduce the cost for hints/extras.
Great, other than you can't resign games unless it's your turn, and it takes too long to collect coins!!!!
Super addicting game! I can't stop playing it!  I just wish that they didn't limit the amount you can play with the stupid coin system. But other than that, fantastic game!
okay
Love it!!!
Very fun game.  But this program crashes more than any other I have used.  I cannot play a session without it crashing 3-6 times and I have to restart the program.  I do not lose data; it's just a major nuissance!  I have a My Slide 3G, so I do not know if it is unique to my phone or it is conflicting with other software.    But the game itself is very fun (when it runs).
Can't stop playing! Worth buying the upgrade. But freezes  on occasion.
Sometimes freezes so you don't get to play all the words you intend, but otherwise good.
Fun game.  Some lag issues and bugs, but all in all, extremely fun.  OG EVO4G
Lots of fun.  Wish they had a total word option as opposed to tile points
They keep increasing the number of tokens needed to play.. Crappy business model.
Its ok.
Awesome game. Love playing even though I get beat a lot. Takes too long to gain coins. Like the new power up, however 3 coins us too much to pay for another power up. Should be 2 coins. DAR
Fun!!!!!
Paid version crashes more for some reason...
Mildly glitchy. Freezes then reloads almost every time its forming final tally, is pretty annoying. Motorola RAZRMAXX
Mildly glitchy. Freezes then reloads almost every time its forming final tally, is pretty annoying. Motorola RAZRMAXX
The whole family plays and we love it! Took away one star because we can't cancel game attempts if the other party never responds. Add that and it'll be perfect!
I love this game!  It is the favorite of all the games I've downloaded. My one complaint is you can only have 21 open games at a time. When an opponent does not play for days on end you can get stuck not being able to play.
I love this game, absolutely addicted.  Please fix the freezes n coin stealing. I love the new help but the 3 coins for a 3rd button is a bit much ...can u put it back to 1 a piece please. ;)
This game is great fun to play, but freezes way too much!...Bummer..
Great game!! :)
Addictive!! Win or lose, I love this game!!! Do not like losing time trying to follow arrows on special tokens...need to simplify that
Fun but I still suck and hate waiting on more coins. Kinda wish it would track stats... Other than tracking... 2 thumbs up.
I really like this game...although I dont like using so many tokens on powerups...using one per game runs me out fast enough.
Fun game to play.  The game doesn't always update. My niece and I have the same phone with different versions of the game
Awesome game! If you get the opportunity, get the up upgrade for 99¢! Offer Awesome!
Love the game . But takes to long to build my coin up.
would give five stars if it didnt occasionally lock up.
Like the vision option...how about having different options as you play longer.
The latest update requires 3 coins just to buy a 3rd power thingy! Don't do it, rip offs!!!
hate waiting on coins. But this game is super addicting. Need more time options like jeweled.
Not bad.  The App does crash a lot.
Itsa great game to play, but it would have been nice if the new update would have included the option to delete games that the opponent hadn't played in several days.
HEY! I've paid for this! Don't you start putting ads on here now, dammit! I PAID!    Dammit
So fun to play.
I wish that the third power up wouls stop going from 1 to 2 to 3 COINS
Fun! Hopefully the update takes care of f/c issues on my Incredible when not even attempting to play.
The game is fabtastic.  The app has had, for me, the "force close" notification on my HTC Merge before, when I wasn't using the app. My critique is more about app options. All othet Zynga games come with pass and play, except this one. It woud be super if it did.
Really fun but would like some new letter combos.
Really fun game but you constantly find the same words.
I used to play all the time but since the update ot crashes so often I hardly play! ...PLEASE FIX!!
Recently becomes very slow in loading names and thumbnail of opponents from fb. Used to be right there when launching the game. Pls fix.
Great game, the token thing is pretty annoying, however. Sometimes I want to sit and play a few rounds, but won't have enough tokens. Pretty good way to prevent users from actually playing.
Very addicting. Only draw back is the tokens.
do you guys realize that you can choose which power up and the amount?  you DON'T have to pick the third power up for 3 tokens. The new token Vision and the new token slot doesn't have to affect you at all.......
Great updates. Keep workng to improve crashes. Users are respectful and responsive. Great product overall.   Need multitouch screen to succeed.   Good luck to you.
I love this game so much now I am addicted
why can't i pick inspiration power up three times... I'M PAYING FOR IT so it should be my decision.. it let's my husband pick three same power up at the time.. this needs to be fixed...SOON
I love this game but it didn't get 5 stars bc a lot of the words are repetitive
Great game...  addictive
Love this game. Took a short time to learn. Problem is not enough friends know about it and a lot of random opponents will drop out before game over. How about a little marketing???
The free version doesn't do this but on my Galaxy II skyrocket, the paid version loses sound after about 10 SECONDS of playing and doesn't come back til I use the task manager to force close the application and restart. Very annoying!
I think the coin thing is pretty lame, other than that its great
It allows too few game starting. And some ppl dont play for a long time, keeping me from starting new games. Tokens r slow. Otherwise its quite addictive.
Love the game. Never gets old.
Great game only draw back does not allow you to prompt other system when they have not played in a long time
Good game
This game is very fun & addictive. Wish it kept stats on wins, losses, avg/high/low score. Would also be nice if once played or won so many games you got different stars or something. Just regular stats would be great start though & makes you want to play more to build them up.
Love this game but I still have adds after purchasing
I love scramble. The paid version is totally worth it. But it needs a rating system. They also need to make it so it's not turn based. Both players should be able to take a turn at the same time.
Love this game, very addicting!
Make it easier & quicker to earn tokens.  I bought the new version ...no different.  Don't waste the dollar.  Not even sure how you get the highlighted letters ....give better game directions please.
Great game addictive to play,just wish it had stats
Zynga wants profit out of every single shot they make. Although people buy their games, it's still not enough for them.. If tokens run out u either wait or u BUY tokens.. If there were no tokens this game would've gotten 5 stars. Tokens should only be needed for powerups and not to create a game!!!
Great mind trap as long as your phone doesnt freeze.
Love it but the app crashes a lot
I would have given in 5 stars but sometimes it forceclosed. Other than that, love it!!
Awesome
Agreed with the others. I spent all of my token to just one player per day, had to wait, to play for the others. Please add more insentive for those who paid your game.  Another thing is it hangs and you have to redo the same battle, which is lame bec you already know the sequence.. I have lower scores most of the time on the second touch or at times higher
Would give it 5 stars if there was no credits required.
Excellent fun but I wish it didn't run in the background
Fun game, but crashes fairly frequently. Would give 5 stars if it were more stable.
Very addictive but can sometimes  lagging..annoying..
It keeps closing down. Other than that its very addictive.
I wld like it better if I cld play a game whenever I wanted instead of having 2 wait on someone else or if I could resign against a player who hasn't played in over a week! But other than that, its perfet!
The screens are becoming repetitive after playing so many times so more scramble screens would be nice  Otherwise I've become addicted and find myself wishing there was a solo play just to see if I can find all the words it says are there. Great game!
I love this game!!!  If u could get tokens a lot faster that would b awesome!!!
HTC my touch 4G 4 stars for the paid version. Shouldn't have to wait for tokens if you buy the app, and when you purchase tokens you should be able to keep them. The app works great never any glitches or fc's. Also a Dan cause your opponents can't cheat! If the token sysyem was not in place in the paid version I would give 5 stars. Incredibly addictive.
More fun..if i could only win
super addictive! so much fun. I can't stop! please work on memory leaks. I have to close out after playing 4 or 5 rounds in a row and kill app and open up again or I can't make words while clock keeps running. still so much fun. my fav game ever
Love it
Love it!!!
I enjoy playing thia game whenever I have a small window of time. It is a quick thrill
Very addictive but mentally challenging....
...because each game you play costs a "coin", you can only play a limited number of games for free, even with the no-ad version. Also, some of the peter mixes seem repetitive. Other than that, it is an enjoyable and competitive game.
5stars if I didn't keep getting same puzzles with same available words. Other than that, great game!
This is my favorite game ever. However, I really dislike the fact that when I am in the middle of a round, the game will freeze and I have to start over, losing all my points. If this is fixed, I will gladly rate give stars. :)
Very addicting.
Love this game.  Just wish it gave more time than 2 minutes.
Fun to play...wish i didnt have to use tokens to play after paying to use the not-free version.
Still a little buggy. Crashes occasionally on Droid Razr, but overall a keeper.
Tokens are limited & over the users that don't play when I'm searching for a random opponent eg they play first round then disappear for days :-\ waste of my tokens & invites hmm
Great game im addicted
Great game im addicted
I still have ads and I still have to wait the same amount of time for coins!! Now there's another power up and the price is inflated and obviously not consistent with other players who pay for the 3rd power up. Mine is 3 coins and others are 2, 3, 4, or 5 coins. I can honestly say, this is the first of hundreds of apps I've tried that did not deliver what was advertised.
Awesome until it freezes...extremely addictive! galaxy s
Nicely addictive, but wish the letters were more random vs favoring easier letters.
Great fun!
Love it
Nice little game... Addicting
Fun times!
So much fun...addictive
The game is so addicting, the coins are lame.
Love the game BUT my husband  pays 4 coins for his 3erd "help" and i pay 5. Iv talked to a few people and its like that with other people i have spoke with. What's that about? I even paid for the game thinking it would change....
Its worth. 99 to not have the ads.
Wife and I play at least once a day. We start our day with this game while drinking coffee. When we are done our minds are ready for the day. Played for months then  purchased on sale for 99¢. Well worth it. 5 stars if you don't have to wait for more coins after purchase.
Great game! Only complaint is it freezes & force closes. Fix that & it would get 5 stars.
played scramble free for several weeks & decided to upgrade ... glad I did.
Highly addictive. Very easy to play. Only negative feelings I hold are the occasional forced closes. Keep it up!
Waiting to see how well the new app without ads comes thru as just purchased that one.  Original games fun and fast paced but often did not rack up all the points as going thru.  Hope that straightens out soon
Shame it locks up sometimes
Way to many but you can't even exit them. Make you definitely not want buy or watch what there selling...
I love that I can play against so many different age groups, my friends & family members, ppl my age, to my nieces & nephews :)
Love this game!..
Great
Addicted!!!
Does seem to have a problem with sound profiles and dropping sounds. Several force closes but they seem to be getting better.
Enjoy playing with friends even though I get beat most of the time....would like more free chips....
Just needs to do away with waiting for tokens and I will give it 5 stars
Boggle...
I love the game but why is the 3rd power up 4 tokens? I thought it was 2 if u bought the pd. Version
Good app, worth the 99c to get the ad free version!
Great game but sometimes plays too slowly
Lol
So addicting and so much fun.
Constantly causing force closes when I'm not even playing
I will change to 5 stars when we have the ability to resign from a game or remove another player at ANY time. I do love the game though...
I like this alot. Fun. Third option too expensive. Make it two  coins instead.
Great game,addicting,wish games would resign after 7 days of no activity! Several games pending& clogging my max plays. I need a life.
I'm not very good at it myself, but I still can't stop playing and hopefully I'll get better.
Super fun but don't purchase extra tokens. It either steals them or they never even show up after they charge you.
I'd like it better if there were twice as many tokens  on the paid version
It is so addicting!  I just wish the paid version didn't have such a low limit to the number of games you can start.   Also it doesn't seem to update fb pics or track how long it has been since someone has played.
So addictive but one drawback its too easy to keep adding games with the same player or it would be five stars
Very challenging!  I will keep playing because I Thought I was great at Boggle...
Zynga, I love this game & want to play more. I'm willing to purchase tokens to do so. But you limit me to 20 games, and half of those are abandoned and you don't give me a way to delete or resign from them. Higher game limit or resign function! How many times must it be asked? Oh well, guess you don't need the money.
I love it but I hate waiting for coins.
Annoyed me.
fun game, addicting and a great brain exercise. :)
Just bought this, the app doesn't even open.
A version of this game optimized for tables would be nice
If you liked "Boggle," you'll like this competitive game. The business of having to "buy" new games and aids is slightly pointless since you can't earn coins in any way other than staying logged into the game and waiting for them to appear. Also game crashes occasionally on my Droid phone.
The app lacks a bit of polish.  Drains battery like crazy.
Great game.  Third power up is a bad idea.  Takes away some of the competitiveness because some people don't have it.  Player ratings would be nice. Sometimes the game freezes... more recently for me lately.  But since it's not real time it doesn't matter all that much.
Love this little, simple, game... Two things to improve: I keep hitting the limit of games I'm allowed to have open at any one time... Need a way to resign from games when my friends don't play me back, or an option to pay to play more games... Also, I want a way to send coins to my friends, so that if they're out of coins, they can still accept my games... Get those two things done for five stars.
Can't stop...I'm addicted.
Must be the reason all my friends stopped playing WWF
Love love love this game. Although I would like for them to have an option to end a game if the other player hasnt played in weeks.   Other then that its a great game!
Other than force close sometimes this game us fun! especially when you get into a battle with some if your fb friends, just fix the freezing
Latest version is dropping sound effects, making game experience much less smooth. Evo View tablet.
Great fun game, but a flaw that needs to be fixed is if an opponent never finishes, you cannot end the game. Either the resign option needs to be available even when it is their turn or there needs to be a time limit.
Love the game, but I see battery drain even when the game is idle, and show charging when plugged in. Using Galaxy S II.
Would get 5th star if their latest update didn't prevent me from playing the game!
I like it but don't care for having to purchase coins. Should build up faster with game play
Great game, so addictive. The only problem is people that dont play after starting a game should be a resign option when its not your go.
The game is a good for taking care of boredom with small pockets of time. Especially you play with your friends. However I imagine this game isn't for those who would like to play alot seeing how you have to wait on tokens to do anything or have the same edge as the person you're playing. This game would have gotten another star but the letter sets get repetitive pretty fast.
The game is a good for taking care of boredom with small pockets of time. Especially you play with your friends. However I imagine this game isn't for those who would like to play alot seeing how you have to wait on tokens to do anything or have the same edge as the person you're playing. This game would have gotten another star but the letter sets get repetitive pretty fast.
Giving a '4' b/c its addictiveness is negatively affect certain minor aspects of my life...game is GREAT though!
Crashes occasionally
Paid 99 cents for ad free
Game is super fun, would have given 5 stars If the Letters were better
Minor complaint is some issues with the login system. I am not a wordy person so this game was purchased for my significant other. She logged in using her email and it locked me out of finding people using facebook. If you want to play your facebook friends register under the same email you used for that.
Force closes every now and then....but I love the game!
A few glitches, but tons of fun and addictive.
It's great that there are no ads or at least 'ad breaks' but it sux there is  that underlying feeling that they want to take more money from you, especially with this token racket they have got going on. Just give up zynga! No one wants to buy your stupid tokens.
pre good game :)
Super fun! Super addictive! Sometimes its glitchy & slow & prevents me from getting the whole word in when it gets sluggish. When I look at facebook friends they all say they played over 2 weeks ago when I have played them everyday.
Great game.  Great stress reliever and mind exercise.
Such a challenge! Wish I could play to practice.
Bought game and tokens. Don't mind paying to play this great game. But really ! C'mon players...if u want them to stop being greedy, then we have to stop buying and playing. Strike!?
The whole "coin" thingy is annoying.
give it four star
Latest update makes the 3rd power up cost 2 coins instead of 1
Great game,  love it,  notifications don't always work but its worth it :-)
Notifications need some improvement.
Super fast paced, love playing against other players...only wish there was a record keeping feature where you could see your stats! Do that and ill give 5 stars easily!
Great game although it freezes sometimes.
Words with friends minus boredom... tokens are gay though so 4 stars
Fun
I love this game! I saw with the update you now get three power-ups. This is awesome. I know that the first one is free, second one cost one token, third one cost me two tokens. I bought the game last night. Once I bought it I saw the third power-up was then only one token. All last night and all day long that's how it was, for some reason a short bit ago like about 40 minutes ago from the time I wrote this. Out of nowhere it is now costing me three tokens for the third power-up. What's going on?
Tokens are slow to refill
Will give 5 stars if you make it to where the game keeps track of your wins and losses and shows your opponents your record!!
Great game
I would definitely give 5 stars if it weren't for the coins. That is so annoying and even though I am willing to buy them some times, I'd buy them more if they were more reasonably priced. Better yet, charge more for the full version and make the dang thing coin-free!! Why should you have to buy coins when you have bought the app??!!
Very fun game. Being timed just adds to the excitement.
I am highly addicted to this game.  Wish the game limit was higher or had the option to cancel games after your turn while waiting on the opponents.  It blocks a game slot if they don't end up playing for weeks.
Addictive and fun, tokens dont seem to come back quick enough!
very fun game
Good game. Would be nice i you could store more coins.
I wish tokens were given quicker.
Overall game is good. It crashes once in a while but nothing I can't deal with.
REALLY FUN GAME
Some performance issues but good
I love the game. The only problem is it closes down too much. It is really fun.
Love it!
Love this game but the token idea is horrible and should be removed.
I want to delete unresponsive games!!
Very addictive. The sounds are really satisfying. Play the game and you'll see what i mean.
Very addictive. The sounds are really satisfying. Play the game and you'll see what i mean.
Overall its a fun game but it has a lot of glitches. I currently can not play any of my matches ....
Sums up this game.
Great game!
Freezes up or is very slow a lot. Also, sometimes says app not installed on your phone.
Love playing, but it always runs in the background, even when notifications are disabled.
Gotta find em all
Love the new update
Awesome game, losing one star due to high battery consumption, should have an option to adjust brightness
Haven't seen how to earn tokens other than waiting ... only how to spend them every round ... but still lots of fun.
Great game to pass time with. Love the 3 ups now. Sometimes my screen freezes in the middle of making a word.
Very fun!
Good game.
Love this app. Don't have any problems!
I would give this game 5 stars if they'd do 2 things. #1 make a 1 player version, for practice. #2, let me delete games when people stop playing. Currently, I can't start new games because of dormant games. Frustrating!
needs achievements and/or records. seriously! achievement #1 could be : 5 wins in a row...:-)
Still getting the hand if it to best my daughter, but I love this game.
Great for passing time.
Nicely done, pre-game interface is a little busy, but the game itself is functional and fun. Fairly stable, too, doesn't crash a lot.
Very good game. Fun
It's a very fun and addictive game but...I have the paid version...and just now got an ad when I shouldn't...why?
Very addictive... Awesome time killer...
Only problem so far is that my friends pictures went away and was replaced with a block and their first initial. I like the picture better.
I really enjoy this game.
Addicting, fun, favorite game but needs to have a delete game option when opppnents stop playing as it ties up the ability to obtain new opponents. Plz create that  option.
Love this game.  Hate the freezes!
Loving this game..
I love this game! What would make it better? Coins for winning games, of course!!
I love this game. Sometimes I wish we had an extra half minute
Love this but frustrated with lack stats, head to head records win loss. Tile takedown has had for years..im starting to play that more because of stats . Want rankings, head to head stats, add friends, and history of head to head matches, high scores, leaderboards, come on!!!
Love this but frustrated with lack stats, head to head records win loss. Tile takedown has had for years..im starting to play that more because of stats . Want rankings, head to head stats, add friends, and history of head to head matches, high scores, leaderboards, come on!!!
Great app, love the game and works great!
With all the upgrades im shocked we dont have the paaa and play option yet. Come on guys hop to it!!!
Choice!!
A fun, addicting game. Only real frustration is having a high-scoring tile that can't be used. I just got done with a round that had QU as a triple word, but there were no letters surrounding it that could make a word. I checked the"show all" list afterward, and not even one word used a QU. Other than that, it's fine.  A note to users about not being able to delete old games. You CAN - after the game is completed, press and hold until DELETE shows up. :)
Lots of fun and addictively challenging. Need a solitaire and/or play against the computer version stat!
Easy play, meet people, quick rounds, sucks that you can't delete games when they only play one round and never come back, been playing three days and already have 9 open games I can't delete
I like it. I will give 5 stars if you add all proper words, for example, que is a word. Also, add more bonus choices.
Even thou I am not very good at this game it is fun and a great game for kids!!
More like 4.5 stars. Takes a token to play a round, 3 rounds in a game. Tokens only regenerate every 10 mins if you purchased it (20 mins if free), so I can't play as often as I'd like unless I want to purchase more tokens.
Love the game but the sound is very temperamental and recently just quit working.  I would also like to see in-app player stats.   Evo 4G
Wish that it would keep your record. Also think that you should earn a coin if you win
I love this game. I actually purchased it, thinking I would have unlimited play. That was a bit disappointing., but overall..I love it!!
Good game.
Could spend all my time playing. I only wish it shown words that could have played/missed. Besides that...Download IT
It's a fun game, but may freeze on you every once in awhile.
Love the game
This game is fun to play. It works well. The main screen is really cluttered and hard to figure out and it sucks up tons of RAM. Last time I killed it the game was using 34mbs. Too much for my tiny phone mem capabilities.
Addicting ...would like games to end sooner if opponent hasn't played in 3 days ...
love this game.  I'd like to see a practice option
Really good game, would give it 5 stars if it kept score of ure victories and losses
Enjoyed playing so much had to purchase. Would have given 5 stars if tokens  were accumulated every 5 mins instead of 10 mins & more than 14 tokens were available at one time. You should not have to purchase tokens.
Love the game! Only problem is, whether or not I even have it open, I constantly get pop up messages saying it has frozen and I have to force close.
Need stats!
Great game! I wished this game had a leader board........other than that this game is AWESOME!
Needs just a little more time on it!!
Best game ever but frequent freezing when tallying scores and sometimes during game play  A running tally of scores against frequent opponents is the only thing missing!
I've paid for a no ads game, so why am I getting ads? Sucks.
Smooth, fun and addictive.
Makes the time pass so quickly
Word
Sweet game:) quick great way to get the brain working before the bus comes.
Love this game! Addicted. Would give 5 stars if I could continue playing without having to have coins.
Awesome game except for the whole coin thing. I don't pay for games but this one is worth it.
Good game, but why does it not directly install on SD card, just one line of code would do that.
Fun game.
One problem: when a game ends and the other person has invited you to another, the pop up doesn't come up very fast and your instinct is to hit the button at the bottom to play another game. But just as you do that the invitation pops up, and hitting the bottom button automatically declines their invitation, when not your intent. Then I must re-invite them and explain why I declined their game invite, for which they've already taken their turn. Very frustrating.
If Coins were won when you win a game the game would have gotten five stars.
Its a awesome app.
Wish it had at least 3 power ups to use at one time instead of just 2, more double and triple letters/words and that it would load quicker.
Could always be better
The coins are annoying me. I have plenty of games going, but not enough coins
You should be able to to end any game at any time.
Great time waster
Good entertainment.
Bring in stats and ranking!!!!
Am so hooked in this game! Makes me wanna purchase all the coins! I just wish there are no invite limits.
WwF lets 2 people play against each other on the same phone; why not Scramble?
Love the game. Need to find a way to delete words.
please enable move to SD
I love love this game, but sometimes I have to uninstall, reinstall to fix bugs.  Such as all of a sudden I have ads or it won't show me games I know people have played.
It's a great game to play and is loads of fun however it can take ages for your partners to play back making the games a bit tiresome to play, also loading can sometimes crash. Not that often but occasionally.
So fun it's scary
In need to play more often and against those without droid. Please add pass and play options. Also wish you could earn or win tokens. Very addictive ....very
In need to play more often and against those without droid. Please add pass and play options. Also wish you could earn or win tokens. Very addictive ....very
I like the challenge...
I'm a true fan of word games and this us one of my favs
At first I was reluctant ab playing it but I saw ny husband playing one day, I tried it and I haven't been able to stop since. Graphics are amazing, I haven't had one issue out of this app!!
Really enjoy playing. Good app.
Only one thing keeps this game from getting 5 stars. A single player practice mode. Other than that it's a very well executed game. ;)
Game is excellent, however, the program is memory intensive and can run slowly with occasional crashes.
Needs a more updated dictionary. But a good game overall
Very fun and addicting! It makes my phone run really slow sometimes and forces close but I can't uninstall it!
Love this game. Only suggestion would be maybe reward coin to winner and don't limit number of games started or let me resign from idle games without it being my turn. Coins faster would be wonderful, especially for those of us who paid. If offered,I would pay $5 for unlimited play (without coins or restriction on number of games)
Addictive  !!!!!!!!!!
It would be nice to have a larger grid.
Great game, works well on Android 4.0 Would like to have a way to play against a player in the same room. Also, single player mode would be awesome.
This is so fun!
Simple game and it is very addictive.
What a great game
So fun. Except when it starts to seize and stall. Please fix that problem that's why I paid for it.
The 3-game periods split up into 2-minute intervals each allows for short bursts of great excitement anytime during the day without cutting into my productivity; I haven't been this addicted to a game since I was playing first-person shooters out of high school.  Great concept.  I can feel myself getting smarter.  Oh. The issues: there is a limited on concurrent game matches you can have going on at a time, and games that have gone stale can't be ended.  Also, it hangs from time to time.
Hate coins should only have to use one coin per 3 rounds
I really enjoy the game but it hangs up at times.
Addicting.  Only issue is that it constantly force closes.  Game itself it's fun though.
Needs to keep stats on winning % and average points or else is 5 star
I agree with everyone asking for stats. I'd love to see some sort of achievements system as well.
Meh
Need more letters / grid...5x5 maybe!
Keeps the kids from asking, are we there yet!
The fact that it takes one token to play a game but you don't earn new tokens until the ones you buy run out STINKS! Basically you get penalized for liking the game enough to invest your money.
Need to add ability to remove games when not your turn. Great otherwise.
Nice game but drains my battery.
Facebook integration works well too.
It's worth buying this app just from a power loss standpoint, but if you have enough people playing this it's a good solid fun time.
Sweet game!
Lots of fun, great way to kill some time. 2 drawbacks in my opinion: There needs to be additional ways to gain tokens or they can all be spent rather quickly if you play numerous games at once. Also, the moving tiles are a little annoying when you are trying to swipe quickly. I would rather they stay stationary (or move very little).
Needs a pass & play option please!!!
Love it! Need more coins though, or faster earning time for paid users, but its great! I get beat sometimes. Lets play: Lilisiliz
Lots of fun to play!
While I'm not in the actual game itself it slows down my phone & pops up a force close window, I don't know why it just does, it does it at least twice a day. Other than that its a great game I love it!
I really enjoy this game :)
Fun
I love it.. The only thing I think would make it better is to add either a reminder button for games people havent played for a few days or a delete button so if someone quits you you can end it .  As it stands now the only one that can resign is the one that hasnt played.. Would love to have stats added ie wins/losses,  average score, highest score, average words per round .
Would like to see a way to keep wins/loss score... 5 stars when that happens
Easy & fun way to fill a minute here and there
Play at least 20 games per day with my woman. Only gripes are sometimes the screen lags a bit when you are going fast.  I would have given 5 stars if it was less addictive. :)
Play at least 20 games per day with my woman. Only gripes are sometimes the screen lags a bit when you are going fast.  I would have given 5 stars if it was less addictive. :)
A lot ofun. Makes you think and is very addictive.
It is so much fun playing against other people.  It would be a five star game for me if you didn't have to wait a week to twelve days to remove  players that don't  finish their game.  There should be a resign button for each player to use if they choose not to continue their game.
Love that there are no ads!!!
Have been playing for awhile now and have enjoyed it thoroughly. It has unfortunately been asking me to force close it when I am not playing it though. Other than that, great game!
Great game tons of fun only thing i would change or i feel needs 2 b added is the winner of the game should b rewarded and it shouldnt cost a token per round it should b a token per game..... but still a ton of fun great game
I would love to have a single player mode to practice my skills without having to wait for a friend or random opponent to play back!
Fun to play but crashes all the time. HTC Thunderbolt
I love this game
Super fun and super addictive. Wish there were more coins.
When they fix the frequent freezing it does to my phone I'll give it 5 stars!
Very cool but wish that when you buy the tokens it also lets you keep the free ones. Would be better if it used my free tokens first before taking away from my paid ones.
fun app, helps pass time and fun to challenge friends
Much better stability
Shame about the constant force close on nexus one 2.3.6
Love this game. Wish there was an option for you to end a game when someone hasn't played for a while. Also would love to show stats.
It's a competitive,fast-paced game that requires quick-thinking. I've been playing for several weeks and haven't lost interest yet.  Like others have mentioned - it would be better if you could earn coins when you win a game.
Lots of fun and addicting. Very challenging as well
Fun!
An annoying max game limit prevents me from playing when others take too long to finish. This game sorely needs a single-player "practice" mode for moments like this.
It takes concentration so I can't play very often- I have a toddler! I do enjoy it when I get a chance though!
Love the game. Just wish the scramble option actually mixed up the letters and not rotate them.
Its a blast good app
Love it no complaints
Addicting... Will get 5 stars when stop force closing... Please fix! Optimus T
Would like some sort of reward system though... Some kind of incentive for winning like upgrades, extra abilities, etc.
I wish that you coukd also earn a token here or there aside from buying them
Love it!!
Love the game!! need to remove the "too many games started". If players don't respond it impacts the Games that you would like to initiate. Also, increase the time to rebuild coins. I know you need to make some profit, however many of my friends are slowly not playing. I truly love playing the game though and give it 5 stars.
Great fun! This is my favourite game, love it!
Love it!  I just wish I could use all 3 power-ups in one round.
Fun fun, but a bit repetitive after a while with the same word sequences. Worth the download though!
Needs more puzzles
Needs more coins in shorter time!
Love this game
Only thing I don't like is not getting tokens for winning the game should get at least one
One complaint. I turn the sound off, but the sound of the freeze power up still comes on.
The game play is fun.  Too much emphasis on social networking.  The game uses ridiculous amounts of memory and data for what it should be doing.
like the game just wish mantle have more cheats. still very addictive.
We have to pay for extra tokens, but when we do we don't continue collecting fo free. So we are punished for purchasing. Also, why limit the numer of games one can play? You want to sell tokens/make money but then limit just that. Color me confused.	Love the game. Tokens? Hmmm. Don't have those in WWF or HWF. And why oh why do u limit the # of games we can play?!?
Great fun. Should have option to play random players, not just well matched opponents so you can know how good you are relative to general players. Also a ranking ladder would be awesome, including statistics.
ADDICTIVE! Too addictive. Great game. Some of the words seem made up, and doesn't have a few real words. But lots of fun
...but i wish it had a practice mode...
Fun game!
Worth getting the paid version.
Great game.
Great word game! LOTS of fun! And the paid app is SO much better than the free ones! Zynga sucks with their free apps - so many ads it's RIDICULOUS!!!.
Would have given five stars if I could delete pepole that haven't played there turn in 7 days
Fun game but i dont feel you should have to buy tokens even after you buy the full version.
Love it
Good: addictive, fun, and seeing yourself improve keeps you playing longer than a week. Bad: tokens limit play time. It's a bit arrogant of Zynga to assume you'll pay to play more of a game you've already bought. You get nothing for winning games - you should at least win tokens. No play stats such as games played with each player, games won, highest scores, nothing.
The most addictive, vocabulary-challenging game I've ever played. Every new game holds a thrill. However, I would like to suggest that the token waiting system be reduced further or scrapped for the paid version. Or let us earn tokens! Some statistics would be nice, too.
Wonderful, addictive game. However, the tokens limit your play in the paid version. I bought more tokens and they disappeared twice as fast as they should have. Won't buy anymore. Get rid of tokens in the paid version...otherwise, what are we paying for???
I suck at this game but really like to play and keep coming back.
Easy interface, nice graphics and game play.
Great game but needs an option to resign from a stale game.
Simple yet addictive word game. Would like to see a single player game and a way to close a game when the other player doesn't respond.
Super addictive. Good if u need to waste a little time. Needs stats.
Its ok...
Love it but really slows down my phone.
Thumbs up, I love this Game <3
Love it.
Love it.
If  you love Boggle, your love this!
Awesome
Addictive but needs solo play to practice and develop more skills, or so you can just play when noone else is playing
Only problem is the freeze power-up is inconsistent. Amount of extra time is different sometimes its very noticeable and irritating
Game still often crashes when tallying up both player's round score. Droid Razr Maxx.
Only problem is - it force closes allot.
Addictive!
Fun game, very addicting
Ight game
I don't care so much whether or not I win... It's just fun... Yet,  it a mazes me how the number go up so high one time and then... I would like to understand what the coins are supposed to do...
4 stars only because you get into playing and then you run out of tokens and have to wait forever. Your random opponents get impatient and start to chat to try and get you to take your turn, but you can't go unless you pay or wait.
Challenging and fun! I like how its fast pace
Fun and intense. But stalls frequently. Not just my phone....other players have mentioned this problem..... :•D
I love the game Scramble and am so glad its available for android now. I am addicted! However, I have a few issues with the setup. 1.  I don't like having to wait for others to take their turn to play. 2. If an opponent stops playing you can't delete the game unless its your turn.  3. You can only play a limited number of games, so you can't just play when you feel like it. 4. Stats are not available. 5. The whole token thing is silly.
Fun game. I suck at it, but it's not Zyngas fault there. Problem is, you are limited in how much you can play without waiting a good deal or buying tokens. Even after buying the full game.
Enjoy playing.
Time shouldn't stop when you buy extra tokens.
Should try & make it where anyone can resign can't play anyone because sore losers won't play but play the games they are winning or at least show who's online as well so we can play them .
Love this game, but, don't like the coin system. Why would I want to buy coins for a game I already purchased? So I can only play 7 games or so before I have to quit and wait for mote coins. Again, live the game, not the coins :/
Good
Need a way to cancel games that the other player doesn't play.  You can get struck at you limit of games.  Also, you need to be able to invite Facebook friends directly without posting to their wall.
Scramble is a fun game to play. One game and I was hooked. Now I can't stop playing. Though I hate it when it freezes sometimes when you're trying to play. But so far its all good.
Having paid, play should be unlimited.
Hate the game request pop up! 5 stars if they fix that. Fun game.
Love it. I'm definnately a word nerd and this game is great. Fast paced and addicting. My only dislike is it force closes sometimes.
Love this game. so much fun.
Fun but words get repetitive.
Fun, but why can't I delete games more than 4 days old? Why can't I delete a game that others stop playing? Address this, please!!!!
Solo addictive. Would give five stars if the options was given to be able to play solo, e.g. Time limit with number of words needed to get to next level... Saying that, this is still THE best game
Solo addictive. Would give five stars if the options was given to be able to play solo, e.g. Time limit with number of words needed to get to next level... Saying that, this is still THE best game
Needs a pass and play mode
Scramble has been loads of fun. Fun for all ages.
I love this app! Sooooo addicting! But lags sometimes costing valuable time and messing up words. Fix and will get 5 stars. Wish I could give more  :-)
One of my absolute favorite games, really glad they were able to put it in such a great online two-player format. Unlike words with friends, I don't have issues with the games not refreshing, it finds random players nicely, no issues with gameplay or anything. a great game! Could it be better, sure, I think so. The coins are annoying, but I guess u could make a valid argument for them. A refresh button would be nice. A way to easily delete games would be nice. Long term stats would also be nice.
Wonderful game. An idea that would make it better is if records could be kept between friends over several games.
Would love solitaire version!
I'm addicted, ok. I hate the way we have to buy tokens in order to keep playing and I wish it had a feature where we could play ourselves like it used to. But I seriously love this game.
Fun. I'm getting better slowly
Great game just need a way to earn coins faster. Bought the game thinking I would get more coins than on the free version but I didn't
Highly addictive
Good game.  Only 4 stars because you can't play as much as your want,  even with the paid version. I also wish more languages were available.
Can't get over 800 doe, lol need like a practice mode or sumthin
It challenges you to think quick and think differently. It exercises your brain in a fun way.
Good game, but after completing the game, only one person should be do another invite because you get  too many games going.
After. There are a couple things I would change: 1. you need to be able to close out those games with people haven't played in a long time. 2. The game on the tablet does not update as quickly as it should. Still...can't stop playing!
Bought the upgrade, still getting the ads. Love the game, wish you got coins faster. Stats would be nice.
Why is there a limit on how many game you can initiate and why don't you allow people to play without a friend?
I love the games from Zynga
Good game
Keep getting my @ss kicked but its still fun.
I love playing this game. It's fast-paced, easy to understand, and very engaging. However, it could use a few tweaks.  First off, stagnant games should drop off more quickly. If someone isn't playing, bout the game.   Second, all of my Facebook friends show up as having played "more than two weeks ago", even if I had just played them today. That should definitely be fixed.
Best game Zynga has made!
Awesome game! 1 complaint! Tokens! Bout 85, 3 days ago. Lasted 3 days & i'm only playing 5 ! Waste of $5! :(
I agree with many other users about having a solitaire mode, just to be able to play for high scores!
Fun game!
Its a great game. Play alot, its just annoying that i have bought the game and still have to pay for tokens. Come on sort it out. Maybe pay on the free version not for the paid.
if not for all the force closes, even in background. Seems pretty unstable on Galaxy S. Loads of fun when it's working, though.
Fun game.
I call this e-boggle
Great game!!! I love it. I would give it 5 stars if stagnant games were deleted before 11 days!!! Just a suggestion, how about a ranking system, so you can find players around your level and keeping a record of wins and losses?
Please allow tt and increase slots!!!
I love thus game but I recently installed an update.  Now every time I open it or back out of a screen the Buy Tokens pop-up appears and I can't get rid of it. I have to come to the Play store and open it from here. VERY annoying!  I even bought some tokens hoping it would disappear but it hasn't.
Fun game but no coins when u purchase? Should b free coins when u win. But still a good game
Could use better notifications sounds
Too many limitations with the max number of games and rate of token accrual
I love this game..play it everyday.. options that i love to see it in this game... 1. Game Stat (Play, Win, Loss). 2. Highest game scored, highest combine game score. 3. Winning streak. 4. Option to delete game after 3-5? day no response by opponent. 5. Increase max game limit.  etc..
Love playing this game even though I lose
But i should earn coins when i win...
This game is addictive, a MUST app for your phone. Get it,  PERIOD!!!
This game is addictive, a MUST app for your phone. Get it,  PERIOD!!!
Quick bit of fun
Great game, but appreciate continuously force closes when I'm not using it. Have sent numerous feedback messages through Google.
Can run slowly at times. Great fun!
Addictive game. Love it.
I love this app!
Need more time. Like maybe 60 more seconds.
Love the game. Does not work in a car well. Keys are to sensitive.
My phone frequently malfunctions and prohibits me from playing to full potential. :(
Would like to see win / loss stats maybe games played....visable to opponents.....
Wish there was a way to play single player? But like the game.
A very addictive word game. It lags sometimes but that may be because of my phone. Overall, happy with the product :)
This game is fun but it freeze up a lot.. Can be very addictive
I love this game but can't give it a five when it starts letting you delete old games then it will get a five lol
Love this game!
I agree with those who say there should be a single player practice option. Everyone i play with beats me and the only way to practice is to play them again. Tired of losing but love to play!
There should be a single player practice option.
Love the game just wish it  wouldn't freeze so much.
It would be 5 stars, but since I paid n upgraded it keeps foreclose on me...PLEASE FIX IT
I frigging love this app!
Great game! Keeps your mind sharp looking for words
:)
Love it. Keeps me thinking
Love the game! Makes you think faster!
Love the game but it screws up the sound on my phone. All sound will shut off randomly while in a round. The only way to get it back on is by rebooting.
Great
so addicted
Although I'm addicted to this game it keeps force closing. Now for this to be a paid version you would think that would not be an issue...please fix.
*Update has now fixed the old issues, thanks* (Lagging constantly, sound crashing, erratic freeze length.  V poor update, please fix. Sgs2 stock ROM)
I enjoy the game, would be great if it had a 'pass and play mode'. Crashes a bit, most apps do. That's life.
I love this game.  There shouldnt be a limit on how many games played. And I think buying actual time should be another power up. Not just freeze time. Or just make the game 30 more seconds longer. Lol
Very nice game.. Just wish the scramble was a lil better
I suck at this game but it works flawlessly!
When it doesnt Force close. . . .Every other Game
The game is really fun but it keeps locking up my Galaxy Tab and I have to reboot
My opponent list keeps growing.
I'm horrible at this game, but I still have a great time playing!
Fun, addictive. Should be able to earn tokens!!!!
Only let down with paid version is that there is no score board! Bring one in please, me and my man are competive with this game and would be great to know who is really thrashing who xx otherwise excellent game xx
A great game with great connectivity, but they totally missed a great opportunity for advanced stats (word %, avg points per word, wins/losses versus opponents) and leader boards.
This game is fun, addictive, and exciting, but, there doesn t seem to be a way to quit games after you've taken your turn. Consequently, people forget to play and it becomes easy to hit the max number of games.
A lot of fun! Some of the word definitely sound made up though haha. Overall very enjoyable!!
Decent game, fun to play. Major upsets: needing a token to play at all is absurd; the game allows both players to start a rematch so after time lots of games get created and it gets out of hand. Need an invite/accept system to run smoothly.
This is by far my favorite app!
Only issue is it uses alot of RAM while idle.
Can get boring waiting on opponents.
Addicted
Fun game. Gets slow at times. I assume it is other aps on my phone in the background because my task killer fixes the slowness.
Love this game, how to delete old gamea-would be good
Love this game. Sucks that it sometimes lags... makes me mad cuz i cant get all my points. Grrr.. other than that.. love it
Excellent fun, shows you how many words you don't know. Some lock UPS and freezes, but very good fun.
Allow option to boot inactive players after a number of days. I can't start new games and my tokens are just sitting there waiting for me to use.
Addicting fun!!!
Addicting fun!!!
Addicting fun!!!
Just needs a 1 player mode and also you should be able to resign if its not your turn. I hate playing someone and they dont play. It takes forever for them to be removed
The sound worked great until I bought the upgrade?  Now silent? Please fix this!
I wish there was an easier way to logout and switch to another account. Other than that I love the game.
There is no way to delete a game when its the other persons turn. I have games people haven't responded to for days and no way to get rid of them now that I've hit my maximum limit of games I can have open.
Most addictive game ever conceived!! Very smooth gameplay. The app freezes frequently when tallying final scores. Would be nice if it kept statistics, like wins/losses, average for words/round, word length, etc. 5 stars when Zynga gets this done.
Most addictive game ever conceived!! Very smooth gameplay. The app freezes frequently when tallying final scores. Would be nice if it kept statistics, like wins/losses, average for words/round, word length, etc. 5 stars when Zynga gets this done.
So much fun. Just wish I didn't suck at it. :-)
I love this game only problem it keeps foreclosing even when not playing on Samsung infuse not just once but multiple times a day.
I love word games! This is fun so far.
Great game, but needs to allow deletions of players who take days or weeks to finish a game. Should also find a way to discover and eliminate increasing number of cheats!
Great game, but needs to allow deletions of players who take days or weeks to finish a game. Should also find a way to discover and eliminate increasing number of cheats!
GOOD GAME NOT GREAT
:)
Great game but coins are hard to come by unless u purchase. Should win am extra  coin if u win Ur game.
Would be great if you would get tokens for winning
Nicely balanced
Sound is a little glitichy as is the start of a round.  Samsung Galaxy S wifi.
One of my favorite word games.
Just wish we could delete games that have started and more than 20 games going. Lots of fun.
Very addictive and challenging!
Fun game, but cant get it to not stop and go back to menu midgame..reinstalled twice! Ugh!
Only complaint is that you can play 2 players on a single device.
Best time waster besides my job!!
Best time waster besides my job!!
This game is just like Boggle. And in my eyes its better than words with friends because there's a timer.  Worth every penny.
Excellent quality game
Love to play !!!
Opponents' last played period is really a bullshit!! I just played with my friends, but their last played was few days ago. Please fix this. Overall I will still rate this as 5 stars.
Lots of fun!
A great game to play wit friends keep ya going
If you really want to play you need to get this paid version, so your coins will refresh faster...love the game though!
I have my kids wanting to play now! Love it awesome game
Fun, challenging, and exiting!
I've raised my rating to 5 stars with the latest update.  Seems the bug has been fixed which would not allow my camera to work.  Yea!  Very addicting game...still would like to see some changes with coin system.  Paid version should not require coins (which I won't purchase anyway).  Or paid version should accumulate more coins.  Other than that...awesome game!  Keep up the good work!
Great game.  Wish it would keep statistics.  First game I ever purchased.  A must have!
Fun!
I had the FREE version and actually paid for the game and can't tell the difference.. I guess no ads but then can't remember them on the FREE version.. Love the game who cares!
Brilliant game, but definitely needs an option to remove games if people don't respond witin max. 3 days, also the paid version should have a higher limit for number of open games (say 50 instead of 20). I am sure this would motivate a lot of people to buy the paid version. Tokens for winning a game should also be included.
Awesome
Great game ...
Great game. Very addicting.
Love this game! :-)
Totally addicting game. Never gets boring.
Lots of fun. And makes you think fast.
Addictive !!!
Can pull all your friends in to play when your bored =)
Obsessed.
After u pay for it the coin limit should double.
Very fun and addictive
Its very addicting
if you love scrabble, you'll love this game.
if you love scrabble, you'll love this game.
Very good app. Interesting twist on the original. Robin Farnham Surrey UK.
warning... highly addictive
Definitely needed ...to EXPAND my vocab .... make me infinitely smarter ~_~
Definitely needed ...to EXPAND my vocab .... make me infinitely smarter ~_~
Crash's regular and have to shut phone down and re start phone but a great game.
Lobe it
I love this game but I would like to be able to play solo when no one is available to play with
Very fun!
Very fun!
Great game kind of challenging at times
Cool game
Awesome!
Brilliant!! well done scramble with friends most enjoyable game on my phone its played a lot and it keeps me socialising.... lots of fun with lots of friends, big it up!
Love it... Wish there were more competitors!!!
Enjoyable, challenging, keeps me on my toes! Lots of fun playing against others. Hasn't crashed on me yet. Would like other ways to earn coins for power-ups, otherwise, one of my favorite Droid games.
Love it. Great way to pass the time
Cool game wish i was better at it
Massively addictive and pretty much impossible to cheat on
Massively addictive and pretty much impossible to cheat on
Great game. Recommend it to everyone.
Great game. Recommend it to everyone.
Ann excellent game!
Love it
This game is excellent, love it!
Great game!
Cant quit playing!  Thanks for the 99 cents version with no ads and quicker coins!     Absolutely love to play......hoping for the SWF app for Nook...
Love the game, even though I do get beat. A lot.
Would highly recommend this game to everyone that like a challenge:-)
Great game! Still experiencing issues with freezing up, though.
Made an old board game come alive again, in the palm of my hand. Love it.
Love the little extra game aides. Makes the game a little more interesting. The ads-free paid version is worth every penny.
Awesome game
A fast pace challenging word game that folks can't cheat at!!
Just like the real board game!
Addicted.
Coin system is dumb but oh well.
(see title)
Excellent game, keeps the mind sharp!
My absolute favorite game!
Only thing that would make it better would be to link a dictionary to the word list so we could findout what some of the words mean!
Fun! Love playing this with friends
Love it!
I just can't stop playing. I love the challenge of getting better and better. This game truly keeps me busy and it's so much fun. Love the game.
Great game
I love this game & Smart Match really picks opponents at your skill level. Would love to have ad-free version.
Best game out there since Words WF!
Love this game!!
I like it very much.  I just wish my fingers were faster
Besides the chips good game
Entertaining
Good times
With the exception of the coins spent to play the game, it is fairly fun.  I can see using coins for the powerups, but to just play a game, is ridiculous.
Love this game!
Brilliant fun if you like boggle. Coin system can be restrictive
Brilliant fun if you like boggle. Coin system can be restrictive
Addictive, yet slightly educational.
Its boggle but funner.
Great game! This is a challenging game of beat the clock with words. It's got to be a great way to exercise your brain, and so much more fun for me th
I love this game. Sometimes it force closes for no reason, but all in all, great app/game.
Love it
People can't cheat like the other word games
This game is great! But... very addicting!
Addicting..I bought cuz I didn't want to wait as long 4 coins and the people complaining bout "greedy" games ..developers DO need 2 make a couple bucks too ya know..if a games is good u shouldn't mind helping em out
LOVE THIS GAME
Love this
I <3 it!
Great
Very fun!
Lots of fun!
Love the game Very addictive
Great game!
Amazingle adictive. Runs with no problems. Constant updates constantly improve the experiance
Great camera
Always a blast to play with friends or a random opponent. Love that you can pause the game. Works like a champ with Droid Razr running ICS.
Very addictive love it!
Great to challenge family members and keep a friendly households feuds
Love this game!
Easy quick game when your on a break from work or in a car ride.!
Love this game! Fun to play against people you know.  Ads don't really bother me that much since it's free.
It is one of those games you just can't put down...love it!
Love this game....still has some freezing issues that need to be fixed. Really like the new option to resign! Thanks Zynga!
Fantastic game and players.  Fast pace
I love it.
Awesome fun
Luv this game.
pretty much boggle but a little better
Great game, I, love it.
Not fair that you don't continue to build free coins when you buy them. I'll never buy again because of that.
I play often w/friends & family and cannot get enough.  I would give it 5 stars but I dn't like the token thing. Since I play so much, it can be pricey. You should gain tokens as you win!
A place to have fun with friends old and new
It taken up so much of my time, i couldn't sleep well if i don't immerse myself for hours here. The game is fanatically addictivz. It's like a daily ritual to play the game. Don't say i didn't forewarn you ahead. Lol.
It taken up so much of my time, i couldn't sleep well if i don't immerse myself for hours here. The game is fanatically addictivz. It's like a daily ritual to play the game. Don't say i didn't forewarn you ahead. Lol.
Love that you can finally resign when it's not your turn! Hated not being able to play a game because you're waiting weeks for a dead game...
Bunch of people stopped playing and now I cant make new games or cancel the useless ones. Its stupid that there is no delete game function
My wife and i have lots of fun with this game, all hours of the day we scramble it up
4get u I found a scrabble game that doesn't and isnt about the money called scramble touch. Check it out everyone its just as addicting as this greedy game
More fun than words with friends!
Love playing this game with my wife.
Had to fire sale to get stock prices up lol
Very fun game
ADDICTIVE!!! I MISS THE OPTION TO JUST PLAY BY YOURSELF FOR PRACTICE BUT GREAT GAME!!! PLZ ADD SOLO PLAY OPTION BK SO I CN KICK SOME MORE OF MY FRIENDS BUTTS!
ADDICTIVE!!! I MISS THE OPTION TO JUST PLAY BY YOURSELF FOR PRACTICE BUT GREAT GAME!!! PLZ ADD SOLO PLAY OPTION BK SO I CN KICK SOME MORE OF MY FRIENDS BUTTS!
a lot of fun
Great game, good for the mind and heart. Keeps the blood pumping.  I play 2-games with 5-friends.
Great game, good for the mind and heart. Keeps the blood pumping.  I play 2-games with 5-friends.
Love this Boogle ripoff.
great game!
Addicting
It's fantastic on the big 7" screen!
Very Addictive.... Love the game....
Most recent update force closes app before it even opens! WTH?!?! Worked fine before update, FIX!!!!
Love this game. Fast excited. Fun
Love the game!
Great fun game to make the mind tick over.
GREAT GAME
Love this game! I'm so happy it finally came out for android. I've been waiting months!
Play with my lil sis who lives on the other side of the country. Love it!
One of the top 3 mobile games on the planet. Also one of the most competitive online videogames ever. And for cred... I've been playing multiplayer games since the original Quake. Thats almost 20 years of gaming. So yes, Scramble is the real deal. It is games like these that make mobile gaming a real threat to both PC and console gaming. As I write this on my TF300T, my 360 has been collecting dust. All hail the advent of the mobile gaming era.
One of the top 3 mobile games on the planet. Also one of the most competitive online videogames ever. And for cred... I've been playing multiplayer games since the original Quake. Thats almost 20 years of gaming. So yes, Scramble is the real deal. It is games like these that make mobile gaming a real threat to both PC and console gaming. As I write this on my TF300T, my 360 has been collecting dust. All hail the advent of the mobile gaming era.
Alot of fun
Super game.
Very addictive!!!
I play this with my family almost every day. Well worth the money to buy the full version.
Occassionally has force close issues on my galaxy, but I love the game
Love this game...it's addictive.  So challenging and fun.  Would like more free coins!
So addicting.. I would have to say I probably fall asleep playing this or "Words With Friends" @ least 5 nights a week... lmao!!!!!
Love dis game
I love this game especially playing it wit my family and friends!!!!
I love this game...
Awesome and addicting!
Love this game! Love the huge screen on the galaxy tab 10.1.
The games go fast. Nice spin on Boggle.
Love it.....
Love it.....
Love the game! No problems
Love the game! No problems
Would be nice, to put the numbers in black, that shows how many words u get, hard to see  the light colors, thank you
Love word games!
Addicting
Lots of fun. Works well. Highly addictive.
The token refresh system is stupid. I would rather just drop $10 on this game and play at my leisure. But buying tokens isn't worth the game time in value.
Currently my all time favorite
I love love love this game my husband and I play it back and fourth all day
This game is so fun, addicting and challenging.
This game is so fun, addicting and challenging.
Nudge feature finally implemented thank you
Is great!
Great game lots of fun
So much fun
Good fun
Good fun
Fun and addictive.
Fun game to pass the time.
Fun game to pass the time.
A practice round of varying degree of difficulty would be great.
Excellent game _
Awesome game very addictive
Love this game.....Especially sitting waiting at the doctor's office!!!
Love it! Thu I never win,, its still the best game I have!
New puzzle its great.
Yay
The game is good except I use to be able to pick 3 of the same bonus or extra help things like 3 freezes or 3 scramblers but now I can only choose 2 the same and my 3rd option that takes 3 tokens has to be something else. That prt sucks cuz now I can only play 3 times then I'm out and have to wait for the tokens to reload. And why they make the 3rd option 3 tokens I don't know why 2 was not good enough. But the game is good, losts of fun.
Love the game. Great way to stay in touch with family and friends.
Coin system is my only complaint.  Been waiting for something like this.
Keep inspiration help
Good game! Buy now pay no VAT!! Lol
Fun game, always play it
Fun fun fun
Great game
I really enjoy this game and appreciate that you can have random opponents. Just needs solo play and a choice to turn off the effect that makes the letters jump around.
They just need a way to kill games when your opponent stops responding.
Very addictive :)
I could play this for hours. My only complaint is the coins don't regenerate fast enough. I
Great game
Love it!
Great game
I have no complaints.
Can't stop playing!  Great game!
Very entertaining and challenging game. Playing on HTC inspire.
Can't. Stop. Playing.
Great game, am enjoying it.
Absolutely lovvve this game! Great pass time and I get better everytime I play! Don't get rid of 'Vision' option, it's a fun addition to the game! PLEASE come out with Matching with Friends for Android, thanx!
I'm terrible at words with friends so this is my go to word game. maybe playing this will help
Awesome game!
Addicting
Addicting
I just love word games.
Coins faster please!! Love
Highly addictive.
Paid version needs to be less stingy with the tokens.  Ads pop up occasionally on paid version,  still.  Delete option needed for games 3 days old.
Something I can beat my wife in. Much easier than winning an argument
Love it
Addictive
Addictive
A lot of fun!
I
I've been playing WWFs, HWF's and now this. Fun with a capital F.
"AMAZING".."EXCELLENT" .."INCREDIBLE"..Awesome game..only issue is I have so many games going.if people dont play right away..I gotta wait days before it takespeople off..GIMME THDOPTON TO QUIT!!!!! Also...we need a LEADERBORD &STATS!!!!
Great game but wish you could play without a competitor to get more practice.
Keeps the brain cells active.
Can you day fun?
Can you day fun?
Great
Keeps dementia from setting in or slows it down... ;-)
Keeps dementia from setting in or slows it down... ;-)
Good game!!!
Love it! very addictive
This game is a lot of fun. The most played game on my phone.
Keps me busy when I should b working!
Keps me busy when I should b working!
Fun fun fun!!!
Cool
Love sell the different options for playing. Very fun!
So much fun I just hate when I run out of coins
Love this game
Great game to play!!!
One day I might be able to beat my wife :)
Fun game to play with your fingers
Fun game to play with your fingers
Fun
Fun and taxing. Great combination.
Love the challenge justify wish there were more board layouts. It uses the same words a lot.
Addicting
Love it. Cant get enuf altho I wish I had more coins. :)
You'll enjoy it!
So grateful you listened to the masses, and introduced the nudge button to wake up those whom have fallen asleep. Daily player, love this game!!!!!!
So grateful you listened to the masses, and introduced the nudge button to wake up those whom have fallen asleep. Daily player, love this game!!!!!!
So grateful you listened to the masses, and introduced the nudge button to wake up those whom have fallen asleep. Daily player, love this game!!!!!!
Super Awesome Game.
Crashes constantly with awful reaction time. Fix now
Favorite game!  Should be easier to delete stagnant games.
Addictive!
Easy
Token generation sucks, but I <3 the game..
Challenges mind and patience
Challenges mind and patience
Tends to freeze up and shut down mid game
Love it!  You added a nudge. Thank you.  Awesome game.  I started out barely scoring 100 - just made over 1700 points in a game today.
It's my absolute favorite game right now! It's completely addicting, and you always need to keep improving!
Love it
Love this game!
Love this game!
I've had this game for about 6 months,  and it just keeps getting better.
It has always been a great game but this app is rather very battery consuming. Let's say an average 2% of battery life per game.
Keep it up!
Cant stop playing. Love that i can play with my Facebook friends
Good.game
It should come w that warning!  It's that addicting!!
LOVE THIS. SATISFIES MY BOGGLE OBSESSION.
Great fun with great friends and strangers alike.  Good reflex therapy, too!
Love the game
:)
Closet thing to boggle! Great game!
This game is so addicting!
This game is so addicting!
Best game ever!
Easily the most fun puzzle game out
Totally addictive!
Love it I am actually learning and having fun.
Love it I am actually learning and having fun.
Greatest game made
I love this game.  Don't love how you need to use coins.
Can't stop playing... ;-) now on 3rd month...
Really kills the phone though
So good I'm addicted to it.
So good I'm addicted to it.
Fun
Fun
I've had to download this game 3 times now because it eventually gets to a point where it throws an error every time I try to open it.
Excellent app. Fast download
Fun and challenging...fast pace of game adds excitement.
Challenging especially when opponent is quick to respond when its their turn. Love it!!
The new Vision app is pretty cool 30 seconds would make it even cooler.!!  The best word game you will ever play,these developers are like angels,thank you, much love!!!!!!!
Best game ever!!
Best game ever!!
Nice game but no difference between free and paid versions.
I love this game,probably my favorite app. Ever!
Love it!
Grreat app
Need more coins faster!
Great way to pass the time with friends
Addictive.
Best game ever
Best game ever
Me and my girl play every chance we get.
Way cool game
It's probably the most addictive game I've found!
Great fun but needs more coin capacity
Yeah
Needs a resign and forfeit option. Freezes sometimes, other than that its a good game.
Needs a resign and forfeit option. Freezes sometimes, other than that its a good game.
gd
Best game for android! I don't like the game limits or waiting for tokens to play. Please remove these limitations.
Obviously the most addicting game in the entire google play store, this game is too much fun. I love boggle but this version is way more fun.
Fun and addictive game play at its finest.
I wish I can play offline.
Fun + learning = Great game!
Excellent
Excellent
Awesome
Fun game, easy to pick up and put down.
Quick games.
Great app.
Lots of fun!   Samsung Galaxy Note
Awsome
Love it just wish you earned coins faster
So addictive... Really a great game... Highly recommend this game....
Love it
Best game ever for phone and addictive!
I got very addicted to this and the tokens are never enough! Game is smooth and rarely has any problem.
Addictive and such a good time passer.
Great game. Very addictive. Would like to accumulate tokens a little quicker. Only problem I've found is after playing several games it sometimes freezes up.
Great game. Very addictive. Would like to accumulate tokens a little quicker. Only problem I've found is after playing several games it sometimes freezes up.
I enjoy the new power up...."find these three words"  buy if I have to pay so many coins for it then I would sure feel better about it if the words weren't such easy and low value ones.  Help me get better at the game by pointing out more challenging words.    I feel the same way about the "Inspiration" power up.  Sometimes it gives me a challenging word, but just as often as not it shows me the word tie.  I resent paying for coins for the word tie or tee.    Just sayin'  Love the game!
Lots of fun!
Best Game!
It freezes, but I still love it.
the speed component is both challenging and convenient.  you only need a couple of minutes of uninterrupted time to play a round, and it is fun to try to come up with as many words as you can in a short period of time.
This game is so addicting
Stops, freezing, and reset all the time!!! :(
Best game ever.
Awesome
Addictive. Should come with a warning label. Lol.
Love this game!!
Love it...
The game is great but it constantly boots me out of my game and I lose alot of points. I've hears the free one works better. Should have dealt with the adds
Love this game!!!!!
Great game love it, but does freeze quite often.
Love it
Fantastic game to play with friends, would highly recommend.
Awesome, fun, and addicting game.
Dude. Sweet.
The game play isn't as creative as Spellbound for PalmOS (different objective each round, staggered tiles on some rounds, etc.), but this is still a very well done implementation of Boggle, with great multiplayer and a few fun power-ups.
Fun and addicting! Some letters are unusable at times no matter how many times you scramble them up, otherwise would have five stars.
Lve it, gr8 g@me soooooooo fun.
I love this game. Addicting.
Not played another game since downloaded
Nice game. Not as easy as it sounds. Challenging!
Totally addicted. Love this game . Only complaint is you can not pass and play with a partner.
I love it. Note to creaters...give free coins after x # of wins!!
Heaps of fun with my friends. Should only cost one token per game, not per round though
Freezes often and should generate coins faster. Should be able to play on pc not just mac.
Win.
Completely addicted. I love this game!!!
Fun!
The Best!
This game is addictive!!!
I bought 1.99 worth of coins and they've disappeared! :(
Great.really enjoyable.
fun fun fun brain workout
fun fun fun brain workout
Love the game. Play on a seven inch Acer tablet. Wonderful for long car trips!
This is an awesome game.
Very addictive with the added bonus of actually growing brain cells! (Those other addictions don't work the same way!
Way hooked...need 20 chips instead of 14.  Wish we could keep count of wins.
Way hooked...need 20 chips instead of 14.  Wish we could keep count of wins.
Super fun and simple.
Great game! My wife and I love it!
Awesome
Thoroughly enjoy this game.  Has never frozen on me.  Would like coins to come faster in paid  version
LOVE this game!!!
GREAT GAME
I play everyday!
Love this game
Love this game...would like to be able to earn tokens from friends or something so I can play longer in one sitting
Had to! We just love it! Monthslater...STILL love it!
Had to! We just love it! Monthslater...STILL love it!
Highly addictive game that word buffs will enjoy.
Stretches your vocabulary while keeping your interest
Very Fun and addictive but the token thing is rediculous, it should let you bank more coins then it allows or use less coins to play.
Very Fun and addictive but the token thing is rediculous, it should let you bank more coins then it allows or use less coins to play.
Good
Fun game, I play it every day.
Very addicting game!!!
Awsome
I have been playing for months. I love it.  The only issue I have is that occasionally the game gets laggy...
This is a very fun game.
This is a very fun game.
Game is fun to play and extremely addictive. Great way to pass time in the conditioning during this heat wave
Great game...
G2x
But it keeps freezing on my samsung galaxy s2. :-( Whatever was the last update, undo it!
Can't put it down!
very addicting game.
Lots of fun and quick.
Fantastically beautifully amaZingly wonderful!
Always fun to play
Love it, bit be warned it is addictive
Love it, bit be warned it is addictive
Fun and addicting!!
Love it.
Addictive!
Addictive!
Good
Great game, addictive and has never crashed on HTC amaze.
Great game, addictive and has never crashed on HTC amaze.
This game is such a time sucker! I play it every chance I get.
So addictive!
So addictive!
Smooth operation.  Loads of fun!
non stop word fun here I love it!!!
I hated the ads!
So much fun & addicting.
I love this game.
it definately slows down my LG optimus because  I have deleted the app  I instantly can tell the difference but love the game and opted to keep it installed despite the frustrating side affect.
Luv this game, most played game i have on my  phone, even got the paid version, the coins generate much faster!!! Just wish you could play solo, and adjust the timer, i would luv to take the  time to see just how many words i can find! HATE waiting for opponents!.
Luv this game, most played game i have on my  phone, even got the paid version, the coins generate much faster!!! Just wish you could play solo, and adjust the timer, i would luv to take the  time to see just how many words i can find! HATE waiting for opponents!.
Great time waster!!
Love this game
So addictive! Love it!
Recommend for testing the little grey cells!
Great fun game to play.
Fun.
This is an Awesomely Fun, Challenging, Entertainingly Exciting game Excellent Educational Game for the Whole Family
SO much better than the other word games out there. I can quickly play a game and get on with my life!
This game is a lot of fun and does a good job of matching u to like skilled random opponents.
Great fun for anyone who loves word games!
It just boggles the mind how good this puzzle game really is.
Can't get enough of this game!! ....but wish the coins wouldn't get used up so quickly
Great app. One suggestion: player that buys coins should still be able to earn coins every 10 minutes, then when they run out, use purchased coins
Hard to put down!
Wish that there were an option to resign from a game when the invited opponents don't respond within 24 hrs...otherwise no complaints!
Its a fun game. Wish you won extra tokens when you won a match.
I love this game
Nexus 7, and I am a beautiful person. I have a good time to time. I have a good time to time. I have a good time to time
Fun. What's with the tokens?
This is so fun.
I love playing this game. Keeps my mind active and alert. Have it on my phone, my tablet, my iPad, so i am always able to continue or start a game.
Love this game! I wish you earned a token by winning a game though. I have the paid version of the game so my tokens regenerate faster but I still run out quickly. I also wish they tracked your wins so you could see how you rank compared to other players.
Very addicting love it love love it
one of the best games
Great game, a fun way to improve one's vocabulary and quick problem solving skills.  Works equally well on Android and Apple platforms.
Addicting as anything I've ever played.
Addicting as anything I've ever played.
This is seriously my favorite game! I am SO addicted!!!!
I love this game. It's so addicting. And it's one of the few social games out there that can't be cheated on. This means that unlike other games where people just plug in the letters to some generator, this one requires everyone to actually play and have a challenge against a real person and not a bot or computer generated list.
Great time killer
This is a great game!  I never get tired of it.  I liked it so well, I bought the upgrade.
Brilliant game, quite addictive at times.
I started slow, not expending much of thus game. After a while, playing with family and friends, got hooked, got emotional and got wild. I just don't care about buying the tokens anymore. Worth every cent.
Addicting.
Love it! Fun game :)
Love this game  enjoy playing with family across the country
Tökéletes, imádom!
Love this game! I do suggest a delete button for games stuck on "their turn" and they havent played in a long time! my fave of all games
Best game ever! Careful, its addictive.
Endless fun! !!!
Addicting!
Addictive
Great game, easy to play and learn. Real fun!
great game. keep improving！
The new vision power up is great!
Fun to play and works a treat.
This game is SOOOO addictive!!!
Love it!
Awesome....
So fun!
Awesome game
Best game ever I look forward to bed me and my girl play each other it is great
Even tho you can play for free I went ahead and bought the paid version. This is the only app I've ever bought because I lone it so much I wanted to show my support by purchasing it.
Great fun. Highly recommended.
Love it!
Can't stop playing...
Love love love this game!!!
Love love love this game!!!
Love love love this game!!!
So addicted to this game. I love it!
This is the best game I've ever downloaded. It's totally addicting.
Awesome
Awesome
Excellent
Addicting!!!
Great game! Tons of fun!
2 words " love it "
Excellent, fun game
Super fun!! Great learning tool for kids, too!
Awesome time saver
addicted.
you should set it up so if you win the game you get back the coins from the game like a gamble and every month change the fourth icon to a new one
Fun!
This game is excellent.
This game is great! It's very addictive, but you learn also.
Highly addictive game! Sadly lost all prev games when old phone was damaged. Other than that issue ..never a problem. Use on HTC thunderbolt .
Love it
Addicted to this game
I just want to play more and more random people, just so I can keep playing
This game is awesome and addictive. Great way to kill time while still working your brain
It does crash a lot and fiancee bitches about it freezing her phone
GR8 GAME...
Force closes and messes up my droid x but I can't delete it.
I love its awesome and great for to learn new words.whoever plays this game I hope you like it as much as I do
Love. Paid for full version. Samsung galaxy s
Love it!
Love it!
Awesome game, literally haven't stopped playing. Highly addictive.
Very addictive.
New way to find out new words
Can't put it down.
Fun game!! Great way to kill time! Very addictive and fun for the kids to!!
Brilliant
Addictive and mind provoking game. I luv it !!!!
A great game to play
A great game to play
A great game to play
Addicting.  No problems on Samsung galaxy
Wish there were more games allowed because I have to wait so long for people to play and it only allows 20-21  open games and it wont allow me to delete non players. Fun game though. I like to play it often.
Love this game
Addicted
Addicted
Great game -- rounds are fast for a quick fix!
Much faster play than words with friends. Need more tokens...how about another free power day??!!
The game is constantly updated to provide an engaging and fun experience every time I play
Play on iOS and android.... works seamlessly on both!!!
Play on iOS and android.... works seamlessly on both!!!
Love this game!!! I play this game day & night. Apple has discount on tokens the last couple weeks so I've been buying on my iPod and playing on my phone... Hate buying them but I play too much to wait around for tokens...
Always not responding
Love it
Love this game
The game I play most often.
Nice game lots play time and able talk to your friends.
Hours of fun!
Best game out there!  Jx wish. Coins regeneration was a little faster.
All is good but keep the phone stalled  out
Love this!!! Great way to pass time and have fun!!!
Addictive!  ! ! !
Very fun and addicting
I play with 3 generations!
I love this game!!!!   My favorite.
The coins don't come back fast enough.
I play it everyday or when I can. Great game!
Thanks
I love the updated version but I wish I could choose my own power ups!
I am addicted to this game!
I am addicted to this game!
Why am I getting ads on the this version? Just started happening.
Best app ever
Great game
Love it.. Shame some cheat with a screen pic..
I love this game. Do some more like this...
Very addictive!
Great!!
Great game!
Love this game!
Love this game!
Just cant get enough.... Awesum game
quick fun. Perfect "jump in, jump out" game. Can get really competitive too if you have friends to play with somewhat regularly.
quick fun. Perfect "jump in, jump out" game. Can get really competitive too if you have friends to play with somewhat regularly.
Playing Scramble has improved my ability to see things quickly & put things together, using strategy to utilize my time most efficiently.
Playing Scramble has improved my ability to see things quickly & put things together, using strategy to utilize my time most efficiently.
Love it!!!!
So much fun really challenges your brain in 2 min
I may not be good, but its fun! :-)
I love this game..so much fun and addictive!
Fun game.  Pretty good key response time, for quick play. I use it so much why not pay for it.
Addictive
If you like Boggle, you will love this game!  Completely addicting.  I wish that more games could be started when you are waiting on others to complete their games.
Great game! !
Great
Awesome you would love it
Fun game always a challenge
I love this game.
Love this game! Any & all opponents welcome!! Un: Jess_73
I love it addictive..
Love
Love it. Super addicting!
This game is amazing! It keeps me busy, and I'm super addicted to it. (: maybe have a practice game so you don't have to waste coins, but you can sharpen up your skills? Otherwise, its my idea game
Title is self explanatory :-)
Boners
Love playing this with my granddaughter, who beats me easily. LOL!
I love playing this game... even though my bf beats me every time!
Excellent. But needs a top ten player  stat list.
Love this game! Looks great, works even better!!
Love this game!
Love this game!
Best game!! Addictive
Game is addicting!!!!can't put it down,until you run out of coins  :-(    then you have no choice!!!just wish you could earn coins with maybe wins??? Or something         :-[
Big fun
purchased the ad free version.  Well worth it.
Luv this game have most of all mah Facebook friends on it to :-) but the downside of it they should put that if anybody start a game and 3-5 days past for me to be able to delete them then u have to look at there pic nd name ugh that's sicking idk why people start a game and not finishing it aaaa
Luv this game have most of all mah Facebook friends on it to :-) but the downside of it they should put that if anybody start a game and 3-5 days past for me to be able to delete them then u have to look at there pic nd name ugh that's sicking idk why people start a game and not finishing it aaaa
So much fun. Even if I'm losing It's still fun.
Its fun and easy to play but once you start it's hard to stop playing!!
Awesome game!
Great app game:-)
Great app game:-)
This game is very addicting
It is a really fun game, although I'd prefer to forgo the tokens altogether. Doesn't seem fair that someone has an advantage because they pay more money to buy tokens, especially within the paid version of the game.
Entertainment for hours!
Addicting and fun. But the coin process is bullshit
Gotta get this app. Its  so fun!!
Get ready for some addictive gaming, it might require some purchasing of additional tokens but the packages are affordable.
Awesome game, losing 100 in a row, priceless
Very addicting!  Love it!
Very fun game to play periodically throughout the week. God Bless? Remember that Jesus loves you.
Awesomely addicting! Would like to see individual play allowed not with friend!
:-)
Best game ever fill of excitement
Download now!
I've wasted more hours than I care to admit playing this game.
Fun game play, only recommendations would be to win tokens and have a ranking
Great game!
This game is soooo fun and addicting. I dont like the token deal. There should be a token reward for winners or a point based token reward system.or something.
Great game!!
This runs great on my Nexus and it's super addictive. This is way better than Words with Friends.
Great app. Worth the $1
Love the game, its super super addicting. Would b a 5 star rating if it ddnt crash so much. Hav a samsung S2.
Keeps your vocabulary up,  and it's a fun game to play with others (I like that it matches you with an opponent of equal ability - helps my ego when I don't lose every game! ).
Great!!!!!!!!!!! Sometime freezes
Its teleCrack
I <3 this game!
Great fun crashes a Sometimes but definitely worth it
Love the family and friend challenges. Freezes sometimes but overall great game. Thanks
Love to play friends and random people. One of my favorites!
lov game, freezes on droid bionic and need a version with unlimited tokens for reasonable fee. Also a play alone version would be awesome. Opponents dont play for days or over a week! need a way to delete those games
Can be a little buggy with "force closes" but it's so addicting!
This is one of the best games on the market a must have if you want to get smarter.
This is one of the best games on the market a must have if you want to get smarter.
No fun waiting forever for only fourteen coins...(kills the excitement big time) increase The coins zynga, waste of money for just a game.
Great game.
Love it!
Worth buying. Highly addicting. It never gets old.
Worth buying. Highly addicting. It never gets old.
Love the game should get tokens faster if every power up cost more tokens the more u get .............unable to buy tokens it just keeps loading
Great game
Great game
Fun game!
This is the most addicting game I have ever played.  Well worth getting the paid version!
This game is a great game. I don't usually buy apps. But I just had to buy this one to have the ad free experience. Well worth the dollar.
Easy to play. Good game to play anytime
Addicting!
Love it! Reminds me of family game night.
Learn new words always a  challenge  Excellent game play and sound
Love this.
Love this.
Addicted!! I loved playing boggle when I was younger and was ecstatic when I found this app, haven't had any problems other than not enough time to play, lol!
Addicted!! I loved playing boggle when I was younger and was ecstatic when I found this app, haven't had any problems other than not enough time to play, lol!
Lots of fun!!
Its a lot of fun. HOWEVER. Look out for the coin usages. They pull you in to rip you off. Learn to play the game without the extras. Otherwise, you'll go broke!
Fun and easy game! Highly recommended!
Fun entertainment yet challenging
Love, extremely addicting, great past time
Great game love to play it with friends and strangers
Great game
my favorite boggle type game love it.
We should still be allowed to collect coins automatically, even if we purchase them.
Fun but sluggish on my transformer
Fun fun fun!
It's a blast
love.love.love this game!
We're even playing our 9 year old.
Routine  Must play everyday with my hubby
Excellent game
Its fun to play, and test you skills against other players. It would be even better if it had a pass n play option! But the new version there is a lot of stalling...boo! It freezes way too much!
Awesome
Awesome game .. Many hours of fun
Really enjoying this game- only criticism is having to wait for coins
Great game.
Quick and fun little game to play.
This game is very fun, fast paced. I play with immediate and extended family and friends. Very addictive and fun to get the most points.
Love it :-D
Lots of fun to play!
Glad it keeps asking to rate this because every time it does my rating gets lower. Now it keeps freezing up and the timer keeps going. Not to sure I like this anymore
This is an awesome game, I love playing it....like the fact of the of purchase to see no ads, lol
Such a fun game! I can't stop playing! :)
Such a fun game! I can't stop playing! :)
Love this game and its very addictive. I play it with my son and daughter and also love the fact that we can text straight from the game itself.  No and no crazy ads.  I recommend it to anyone.
Brilliantly addictive game.
Keeps getting better with each update
Keeps getting better with each update
Lots of fun. Play anytime. Random players, new friends.
So fun
Great Game!
Fabulously addictive
Great game, it can be addicting. Love it.
Great game, it can be addicting. Love it.
I Love this game enough said........
too addictive
It would be nice not to have to have an opponent, but to try and better your own score.
Fun game, addictive.
One of the best games I could find on the market
Love this game needs more coins
I can't stop playing!
Like this game a lot...fun to play with friends!
I love that you can finish word games with friends in a short time.
The game itself is just flat out fun. BUT the cheating apps just destroy the experience. 1 in 5 players r cheating! And they think we r too dumb to tell. Please do something about the cheating...
Love it
addictive
Love it man
Passes the time. Althou the game has a problem wit freezing.
I go gangsta on this game lol
Fun addictive game
Challenge friends, show 'em how smart u r.
Force closes sometimes, but otherwise not too buggy.  Wish it would save high scores.  Great game overall.  If you love Boggle, you'll love this game.
I am addicted
Got it  for 99¢, can't beat that.
Great game!...addicting in an awesome way!
I love this game
I am addicted to this game!  It runs well - rare crashes.
Wish u could delete people after a couple days if they havent played back.
So fun! Wish more of my friends would play, they would be as addicted as I am!
Worth the money!!
Gr8 fun
This is my favorite word game.  Fast, simple, fun!
Great game
Great game...will give five stars once u can delete games that are several days old due to non players
Best game ever
Love this game it just doesn't get boring
This game was funner will th fewer power ups. Give us an option to play with out any power ups please.
This game was funner will th fewer power ups. Give us an option to play with out any power ups please.
Great game
Addicted to this game....love it...
Great game...  Awesome time killer with friends.
I love playing this game with friends and really like the extras you can use to get more points.  It is so fun!
I love this game
Love this game!  I play it every chance I get .
Love this game.
Very fun game
have to use too many coins to play 1 game and then it takes a long time to accumulate 14 again.
Scramble with friends
I'm extremely addicted... Best game in my opinion!
Great fun!! Totally addictive!
I play it all day, before I go to bed, and as soon as I wake up. Excellent game.
I play it all day, before I go to bed, and as soon as I wake up. Excellent game.
Improves spelling skills and speed....lots if fun with friends.
Improves spelling skills and speed....lots if fun with friends.
Improves spelling skills and speed....lots if fun with friends.
Lots of fun and takes only 2 min per turn
Absolutely can not live without this game!!!!
Glad I can finally use swype in the chat area. The vision thingy is nice, too. What about some "best of's," challenges for trophies, or stat boards next?
Love this game!
Ok this is a must have game! Even wen ur not bored ull wnt to play this! I only wish I cud play it all day!  Lol I know I'm a nerd but hey its a great game!
Game
Love this game really keeps my brain working
The BEST game EVER :)
I says it's a great game & I highly recommend u buy it!!!!
:)
I highly recommend for all the game lovers.  And the new vision icon that helps in-game is awesome ....need to keep. 5star all the way
:D
Dam good game!
Great game, lots of fun.  One game & you're hooked!!!
Amazing game.....
Great game! Play at least once every day.
Love this game!!
Best word game ever!
Great game,Very addicting,  just love to challenge myself as well as having fun playing against others .
Four months later and I'm still addicted!!
Absolutely love this game. Very addicting and a great way to kill time!
I love this game. Very Addicting.
Great game very easy to play.
Believe the hype! Very simple and very addictive.
:)
After I played the free version,  I bought the game at a great deal.. its a pretty fun game.. very addictive!
I can't get enough of Scramble!
Awesome game! I was instantly hooked!
Awesome game! I was instantly hooked!
Great game it exercises your mind and its fun to play!
Love it
It's the first app I've ever paid for, the quicker tokens get me my fix faster. Love it.
I love this game. I am addicted!
LOVE IT
What more needs to be said!
Great game!
Awesome
Very fun......its hard to put it down!Love the new "vision" assist..it really helps! ;)
Luv this game!
Love it.
So love this game... wonderful app... It needs ways of gaining more coins without buying them...nd it should have more minutes as the levels go up!
My husband and I love this game
My husband and I love this game
Lots of fun
fun!
Love this game
Pay for it!!! Itz so fun & addicting!!!
Addictive, fast paced!!
This is my favorite game right now.  A classic game like Boggle with a Scrabble twist.  Exciting and challenging with strategic use of power ups.
Playing this game makes the day go by fast
Great game! No complaints for the Samsung galaxy GS2
Lots of fun.  It's worth the money to get the ad free version.
Love it!!!
I can't beat the person I'm playing against, but the game is a blast!
This game works perfect on my Samsung Galaxy S 2..This game is very addicting and it a true hit for word game lovers.
Love this game!
ツ fun fun fun ツ
Best word game ever!
Love it!
Works good on razr!
I love this game its so fun I bought the game
Love beating everyone.
So addictive. Best game
Love this game
Love it
Luv this game!
Totally addicted
My extended family and I are having a great time playing this. It is a nice way to stay connected with eachother.
Love it! It's so addictive!
Great and fun!!! But give tokens for the winners! Q's: do you developers read these reviews??? I mean every update comes with a rate this please, but what's the point if you don't read them?!!?!
Nuff said
Its the most competetive fun game ive ever played! Totally recommend it and definetly a 5 star rate!
FANTASTIC fun, challenging and appropriate for ALL ages! I have absolutely become addicted to Scramble. Thanks Zynga you have created yet another great game. ;•D
Glad that there are limited tokens or else I might play too much!
Glad that there are limited tokens or else I might play too much!
This game!
This game!
Great
The game is fun, no doubt about that. But it crashes often and sometimes in bunches to the point where everytime ylu play a round it crashes right after. People with the apple version apparantly don't have this problem :-(
I love being challenged and it's okay to lose. The game is still addicting! Cheaters  who downloaded the cheat app, you suck!
This game is so addicting! Just wish i could have more games going at once :-)
Awesome.game
Very addicting... To bad it takes so long for coins to replenish
Love it
This is a very addictive game, I love it
Terribly addicting!
It's a great game but having glitching issues where time will run normal but I have problems connecting letters. I shouldve stuck with free version
Fast paced and entertaining!
Best
Love, Love this game! Totally addicted!
Love this game
Love this game
The time constraint adds a good challenge to finding words. Also it let's you realize how well you can identify words.
Cant even open. Fix it please.
Love it.. Great fun...
Absolutely love love love this game!!!!!!!!!!
Brilliant game!
Very good game!
This is my new favorite game. I just can't get enough.
Love the challenge with the time counting down
Fun game!
Great App!!!
Fun
Just hope its fixed
awesome
I just wish I wasn't limited. Now I can only play a few games at once...I know I could user purses coins for a game, but I want the highest score possible!
Awesome Sauce
Very entertaining I love it the only thing is it keeps crashing :-(
Fun, entertaining, works flawlessly, what more could you ask for.
The Most Awesome Zynga Game!
The Most Awesome Zynga Game!
Love this game! I am addicted and have had no problems! I use a Motorola RAZR 4g and it works perfect!
So addictive! I love this game! Great time killer!
Love this game!!!
I love it... No complaints!
I just cant stopped playing this game....
I just cant stopped playing this game....
Love
I luv playing this game. Hours of fun...
Has crashed a few times, but overall works great and is good fun.
Great game
This is the most and longest I've played a game on my phone.  I love it.
Like boggle on roids.
great game
Love this game...best game ever.
Great game!
If you do not have the time to get hooked on a SERIOUSLY ADDICTING game....well then, my advice is for you to pass this one by. Lol
Love this game. Very addicting.
Sramble with friends
Love this game!!
very addictive. helps you  learn to think fast
Addictive :-)
Love it!!!
Love it
I'm spending too much time playing this when I should be studying :-)
My friends and I, play this game all week long. We keep tabs on each other. This updated version just helped my score get better..its fun, relaxing and always gives me something to do for 2 mins. out of my day. This game helps me love my Samsung Galaxy more & more each day!!....
Great game to pass the tome with
Don't break it! Lol
Updated to new version and have not been able to play at all for days now due to the game force closing. Ticked off. Will probably uninstall thanks to all you yahoos making the game "better"
Updated to new version and have not been able to play at all for days now due to the game force closing. Ticked off. Will probably uninstall thanks to all you yahoos making the game "better"
Fun game to play with anyone in the family, no matter their age (as long as they can read); and with others you don't know!
Great game
Great game very addictive
Great game very addictive
Great game very addictive
Alot of fun when you have a formidable opponent.
Great game very addicting
I have played this game at least once a day for over 6 months and I still love it. Although the moderatly regular freezing/force closing is a pain.
awesome!
Love this game! !!!
This is one of the best games out there.
Love it.  Very challenging with the right opponet.
The best game ever!
If you love boggle, you will love this game!
If you love boggle, you will love this game!
Love it
Great game lets play
Love it!!!
Great way to kill time and give the old grey matter a work out.
Intense good word challenge game
Love it
Really good game
Addictive!
Got me at scram..,
Entertaining game I didn't know Pedro was even word
I truly used to LOVE this game but, now I play it and it either locks up on me during a round or the rest of my phone when I'm done. Hell, it locked up on me writing this review. It does the same thing to my husband's phone too! PLEASE FIX IT SO I CAN ENJOY PLAYING AGAIN!!!
I truly used to LOVE this game but, now I play it and it either locks up on me during a round or the rest of my phone when I'm done. Hell, it locked up on me writing this review. It does the same thing to my husband's phone too! PLEASE FIX IT SO I CAN ENJOY PLAYING AGAIN!!!
This game is awesome, makes u use your brains in a small amount of time..if you don't already have, highly recommend..
Just wish it didn't force close on me as often as it does. But otherwise it's awesome!!
Really enjoy this game
Love to Scramble!
Seriously addicting!!! Just wish they would fix the bugs. After a game or 2, it shows down and sometimes freezes. But I love it so much I' ve learned ways around it.
If you are getting on a bit in years as I am then this is an excellent tool to help keep your mind younger. Try it out and start a game with me at user name geonaut2020 and we will see you in Scramble land.
If you are getting on a bit in years as I am then this is an excellent tool to help keep your mind younger. Try it out and start a game with me at user name geonaut2020 and we will see you in Scramble land.
Love this game...very addicting!!
Keeps my mind sharp, and that's a good thing....lol ;-)
You like Boggle, you'll like this
Good way to pass the time need to be able to get coins faster.
When I downloaded the extra coins I thought I would have them all the time and that they would replenish. I didn't know that once you used them that they would be gone for good. Now I'm addicted but disappointed!!! I quit!!!!
Was a great game until the new update , now cant play at all so I unistalled it . Samsung Captivate
Great Game!!!!
Great wish i could get it on my pc again.
Owesome
Owesome
Very very addictive
Simple idea really beautifully executed - very addictive
I love this game but it force closes a lot.
One of those addicting games, i cant stop playing. No technical issues at all so far. I did have tech issues with the free version but not this one. Ill text my sisters to play me and we get competitive.
Love this game!!@
Love it and haven't had any problems thus far.
love it!!! would love an option to play against myself to build my vocabulary!!
I wanted a game I could play on the train. Unfortunately, the new version of this game doesn't have a solo mode. I waited months for this game to come to Android, & I'm very disappointed.
Love love love this game.. it does freeze at times onmy sidekick 4g but other then that its super fun!
addicted to this challenging game! Enjoyed this game and made me more keener in finding words on a limited time slot... Scrambled to the max! hehehe
A lot of fun.
Never buy games...this is I've of two I've broken down & purchased!
Excellent game. Keeps u thinking
Need to earn tokens more quickly
Game is awesome!!!!
Game is awesome!!!!
Fun!
It takes toooooooooo long for each coin to regenerate.....other then that great game
Great for burning time
Great mobile game!
Love this game!!
I really enjoy this game!!
Luv it
Very addictive!!
Love the game
I love this game
Best game ever  l
Game is great. Only problem, it's very addictive.
Awesome
One of my favorite word games for Android OS
Best version of the classic game of Boggle :-)
great little word game that expands your vocabulary and keeps you entertained
I love this game!!!!!!  Fun to play!!!
Highly Addictive
Highly Addictive
Wish coins were quicker
Fun stuff.  Very few glitches.
I love love this game!
I love love this game!
Droid app needs more development.
I am hooked !
Love it!
Lots of fun
I love this game.. I can play this game all day...
Great game
Works great, EVO 3d
Works great, EVO 3d
Love it!!!!!
Love it
Bought the .99 cent version because I got tired of waiting.  This one is better but I still think they are making a killing off of advertising.  I really think they should keep stats and leaderboards globally and with your friends.
Fast play
Best game ever
Love this game, but hate the coin system. It's 2 min a round x3 rounds. You accumulate a coin every 10 min vs 20 min in free version. Many problems when paid and free version install at same time. Recommend inspiration power to have 1st letter a different color & get rid of 2 letter words. The best value game worth a buck.
I love this game.
Enough said
Very addictive,love this game highly recommend it
I love this game!!!!It's so addicting!<3
Love it, love how they update to have better features, addicting
Can't stay away from it for too long
Really addictive game to play with friends or strangers.  Wish that I could put it down so that I can get  some work done.
I currently have v4.70 and since the update I have been unable to open the app.  Until this fixed, I cannot give this a high mark.
Very addictive and fun
Great fun game.
This is a very addictive game luv it
Nice to be able to play with a variety of people. Quick little games that you can come back to when you have time.
This game is loads of fun i play it all the time. I also learn new words. Wish we got more tokens every ten mins
Great game
Great game!
Addictive fun! Great game.
I like the paid version better because you get more chips and no advertisements.  Worth the $0.99!!!!  <3
Very fun, possibly because of it's 'bite-sized' nature. You tell yourself, it's only 2 minutes and then another 2 minutes and then another 2 minutes....
Awesome!
Good brain exercise
Love this game. My first choice to play. Love the improvements. Great enhancements for challenge and fun!
Extra coins cost too much money. They could try other means of coins.
Extra coins cost too much money. They could try other means of coins.
Fun game.
I love this game soooooooo much fun!!!
Fast and fun play with a nice interface and without a lot of unnecessary graphics or 'plot.'
Non-stop addictive FUN...
Fairly easy game to play. Having more coins faster might entice me to play more!
Fun addicitive
Could use stats and possibly word usage percentages...
But nerve-racking!
What a great way to pass time...5 stars! :-)
Love it
Great game... Very addicting. Waiting for coins is a drag but over all the game is awesome...
The best game
Totally addicted!!!
Good game.
This game is dope.
This by far the best app available on the andriod market.  This apps not only fun and mentally challenging, this app matches me with competitors that match or slightly exceeds my abilities.  I recently upgraded this this app for only 99¢, it was well worth the money.  Now coins are generated at twice the rate, so now I am able to play all the great competitors that I  have had the pleasure to be introduced to by this app.  Thank you for all the fun now and in the future!
This game is so addictive!!!
Fun, competitive & awesome!
Super fun game.
I love this game!
Great Game
I love this game!  I don't have any issues with it not working properly.
I love this game!  I don't have any issues with it not working properly.
Love playing with friends too.
Very addictive.
Fun and addictive
Very cool and addictive game!!!!!!
Love this game. It's fast, fun with words. The developers keep improving and making it better.
Super fun! Wish I could quit games when other people don't play for a long time.
Very addicting and fun!
Love it
Excellent entertaining game
title says it all
Great game for quick thinking and working on your vocab skills. Do wish they would get rid oc the coins, or AT least reduce the cost for hints/extras.
It's fun to play with Facebook friends!
If you like word games, you will love this game. It's addictive and exciting!
Love it....
Plays well. Lags occasionally. Intuitive interface. I have NOT up dated.
The best!!!!!
Bestest funnest game !
Good times. Love the new power up!!! Vision is great!!!
My fave game :)
great game
I love this game the only problem Is that I paid for it and still have to wait a long time for coins ugghhh and gets stuck allot PLZ fix it
Love the new power up! Should present a new one every so often.
Good game
Best word game out.
Love this game!
Much faster than words with friends...thankfully it allows you to play random opponents, so you don't have to wait for your friends to play.
Love it
Love this game and so far like this version much better than the free one which has really been slowing my phone down and making it act buggy
Like the game. No complaints. Addictive, especially with good competition! Like the updates.
Love the deluxe version.
Love it
Mizz Bootie is so loving scramble with friends. It is the only game that I have downloaded on my phone. ***** stars for this game. And I'm so loving the upgrade.
I enjoy the gameplay of Words much better. Three coins for a third power up is really over the top. If you are new, be advised that your free coins stop accruing after you purchase coins, at least until you use up the purchased ones. It's a fun game, but I snicker every time I here that Zynga's stock has fallen. I can't see why so much nickel & dime treatment is necessary to make a profit.
I'm addicted, it's true..i ALWAYS need more coins Great game only problem is it freezes my phone up too frequently
I luv this gm. ONLY PROB...whn I lose...lol!
Especially when I win.
Love it!@ totally addicted and it works great. Love the update.
Love it!@ totally addicted and it works great. Love the update.
Better yet with new version (but still wont *pay* for "coins"!!)
New update freezes.
Awesome!
Great extras for the games. The vision is super
Highly addictive!
Sometimes freezes so you don't get to play all the words you intend, but otherwise good.
A great, fun game.
Love this game
Love this game
Love this game
Cool game to play and kill time
Great fun!!
This is the only game I play anymore.  I have absolutely NO problems on my GNex.
Love it ....it's addictive though lol
Love it.
Love, love, love this game!!
Love, love, love this game!!
Addicting
I'm glad you run out of tokens for awhile. Cracked out on it as is. I'd lose hours.
After the new update I can't play at all! Keeps force closing.
I Love This Game !!
Addictive
Spend too many hours on this.
So addicted to this game. I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Game is awsome and addictive, but I'm a nerd and love stats. Set up some good stats and maybe a way to compete against multiple friends on facebook blitz games and would give this thing six stars instead of five.
Great fun, you will be  addicted!
Best game ever
Love the fast pace!
This game is so addictive . Totally love it .
I love this game!!!
Love it!
Love this app... Addicted to the max
Love it!
Love it!
See title
Game is awesome!  No issues at all with app!
Great
Love it!
Great fun!
EASY - and never any issues with loading or technical errors.
Please keep innovating with creative features! My wife and I play all the time...especially when I travel. It's a fun way to connect and compete.
Quick games at my leisure...awesome. People don't seem as rude as some of the other games. Wish coins accumulated faster.
Love it
Awesome!
Very good, entertaining. .....
Thumbs up. Can't get enough of it. Coins run out too quick though.
I am so addicted to this game! Great for geeks like me!
The upgrade without ads is sooo much better!
I couldn't get my hands off.
Love it, it's so much fun
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! I play my mother in law all day long!!
Works well on the epic 4g touch... can't stop playing!
Great Game!!!
Cant get enough!
Cracking game :-)
Very cool.   And addictive!
Love this game. I love that I don't have to be on Facebook to use it!
I love this game!
Game of the year
We are addicted to this game. Lots and lots of fun!
Two minutes at a time to show your friends you're smarter than them! I love it! The updates have made it even better!!!Kim Dirz!
Awesome game! If you get the opportunity, get the up upgrade for 99¢! Offer Awesome!
Awesome game! If you get the opportunity, get the up upgrade for 99¢! Offer Awesome!
Great way to connect with people, great way to prevent alzeihmers hahaha, and the title says it all :)
Really great game. Hours of fun
The only thing I would change is that after the last update it freezes my phone and force closes....  A lot
Amazing!!!!!
Highly entertaining and a lot of fun!
Love this game!!!!!!!
There is nothing like this game. I find myself going back to it again and again. It seems to not need as much connectivity as many others to play which makes me play it even when I only have a 3g signal. NO complaints whatsoever, Love it!
I played boggle, now I can play anywhere & anytime.
I don't buy ANY games ever but I bought this one. I love this game BUT you shouldbe able 2 get extra time as an extra & easier ways to earn more coins.
Simple yet challenging. I love being able to play against a random opponent while waiting for my friends. No problems with the updates. Yes, three coins is expensive for a help, but I only play a couple of games at a time, then play a different game, or do something else - like housework.
I love the game. But I dont like when it freezes. And why it cost so much coins for ur third choice. Its a game and.it shouldnt cost.that much. Some ppl get it for less then others. Not right. Plz fix that.
I love the game. But I dont like when it freezes. And why it cost so much coins for ur third choice. Its a game and.it shouldnt cost.that much. Some ppl get it for less then others. Not right. Plz fix that.
Yup!
I love this game
Be careful!  This game can be very addictive!
Force closes the second I try to start the app. Please fix!!
Love this game. Always plating someone.
Absolute favorite game. Love it.   Looking forward to new power up
Love this game! Only issue is having a maximum number of games opened at one time.
Always opens in google play now... Obnoxious.  (HTC Evo 4G)
A great game very fun n challenging.....great job
Completely addicted! ALMOST better than sex!
Is crashing now!
No crashes for me, works great!
Awesome
Love the game... When I can play it. Freezes my phone to the point I have to remove the battery.
Great game
Awesome
So great !!
THE BOMB DOT COM!!
Love love love
This game is dope!!!
I love this game!  Great improvements with each update!  Just need more coins!
Scramble is superb. It is a beautifully conceived game and the new feature makes  it even better.
Loves This Game And Will Recommend It To Everyone. The Only Thing I Would Suggest Is Either Taking Away The Coin System Or Give Us More Coins For Free.
I just love this game; very addictive.
I am addicted to this game. Hate the coins though. Severely limits play, especially with the new "cost" of the tips.
:-)
My favorite game by far!!!
Only word game I can actually play... fun and addictive.
Despite the glitches, crashes, and hiccups I still love the game. Play mine in a Droid X.
Love the game. Short rounds, and competitive games against friends
wonderful game. help to improve the knowledge of English and meet friends around the world. but now this start to freez and crash. hard to play. i think paid version should perfect than this. pls fix it. thank u
Great app.
Ad free version rocks
Totally addictive, I love it!!
Addicting
Love this game....addictive
Love the game even more with the new updates. Great entertainment for the whole family,
Love the game even more with the new updates. Great entertainment for the whole family,
Love da game! Keep up da gr8 wrk
I love this game!!!
Love it
The Best!!!!
Favorite game by far!
I Love rhos game
It's the best.
Perfect, fun game
Perfect, fun game
Great
Slightly addictive!
Awesome!
Love this game
Like that they keep adding power ups! Great interface!
Fun,fun,fun
Great, but force closes all the time!
Fast passed and few glitches!
Great way to pass time
+Wendy. Your phone is freezing, in short, because you have a cheap android phone. If you wanna be able to do cool stuff on your phone, get a htc one or galaxy 3 or even 2. You don't see iPhone freaks buying cheap iPhones do you?
Love this game!!
Love this game!!
This is my favorite game and I've played lots of different ones!
Cool and fun to play with friends.
This game is so addicting
I love this game. No complaints here!
I like it
Scramble with friends
Lots of fun...just as good as words with friends
Excellent execution on this game.  Great letter combos and variety of words to find.
I love this game but I wish the third hint wouldn't cost so many coins
Love it
Says that the package is invalid. Wtf!?!?
I love this game!
Good game, very addictive!
I don't play a lot of games, but this one is a great challenge!  It really makes you use your mind to find the words. I highly recommend this game!
Hands down that scramble is the best word game on the market. <3
Love this game even though my daughter beats me every time.
Great game
Great game - be prepared to learn some new words!
I loved this game. I paid the dollar for faster coins. I am a business man; I appreciate clever ways to make money. However, the cost of a game just rose 150% with no consideration. 5 coins to play a single game?? Now we get 3 games every 2 1/2 hours. 2 stars for your lack of consideration to your customer. If you make it so that the extra tokens would refill automatically, I will reconsider my review.
I love this game but I can only play a few rounds at 5 coins each:(
Just like old school boggle
Its fast paced great game
Love this game! Love playing with close Friends and family!
Awesome
Very fun. I play all the time. I paid for it, well worth the money. Just don't like the charge for the third power up.
Fantastic very addictive
Fast, furious fun!
Awesome!
This game rocks
Love it!!!!!
Very fun game challenging educational hard to login to Facebook on my galaxy S 1
Awesome game. Can't get enough of it. Just wish i had more people that would play!
Love It
Great game....
File size keep getting fatter and FATTER...
To much fun..the trash talking makes it even better
Sweet game.
Easy but fun
Great game and great app...
I love this game!
Very fun game.  Good way to pass the time.
It really makes my public transport trips feel shorter.
The dogs gonads
Best game eva!!!
Best game eva!!!
Love it Love it Love it!!!!
I play this game all the time. I enjoy it.
Fun game have some complaints like others.  Can't resign games can't start new ones, freezes sometimes, need more varieties of letters seem like same ones all the time
There are bugs. A lot of force closes.  I had you guys at 4 then 3...now 2...what's the point of a good game if you have to force close it all the time...
Only downside is waiting for coins to build bk up
My favorite game to play with friends. Very addictive!
Great game.....
Yep
Love it.
Love this game addictive
Fun
I just love this game!!
....one of the best out there.
Completely addicted! Can't stop playing! Recently lost sound during game tho.. please fix
Delete games when it's not my turn, or delete inactive games automatically after three days!!!
Love it!!
Really enjoy this game. I never have any technical issues with this app.
Really enjoy this game. I never have any technical issues with this app.
Really enjoy this game. I never have any technical issues with this app.
Happy face!
Extremely fun. If you enjoy Boggle you will love this game!
Great game ever
Love it! Very ADDICTING
You won't regreat the download
Cool game
Great game. Very addicting...although I would like to see a running tally of wins/losses for the individual people you play. (Mainly against the ppl you know)
This game is addicting.
This game is addicting.
Love this game and so far no complaints
Great fun to play. Hard to stop!
...but need to be able to nudge opponents and then game forfeited if no response within specified time. Also, there should be bonus tokens per round and game based on wins/scores!
THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTIVE, BUT IT'S FUN
Great game never crashes I had an epic 4g and now I have an evo lte no problems with either one thanks....
Way faster pace and no way to cheat
Way faster pace and no way to cheat
Great game .. keeps you busy
Awesome
See title
I love this game : )
It the best
It the best
It the best
Awesome
I'm so addicted to this game that it's causing trouble in my home life..  I clearly need Scramblers Anonymous.  That a would net me a lot of points over a TW in round 3!!
Everyone should try this game....
Great App
My favorite game
Fun game
Love it.
Fun!
I like it lots
Great game. Love it
Doesn't get old, yet!
Love this even more than Words with Friends
Excellent game!
Can't put down to go to sleep when I need to, just gotta play one more round!
Great gane!
awesome!
I adore this game! I play it constantly and can't get enough of it. I am addicted for sure. :) Thanks Zynga!
Great game.
Love it! Two thumbs up!
Such a fun game. Just wish it didn't take so long to get the coins.
I love this game! However, paying for coins is the only downfall, especially with all of the ads.
It is like boghle but better with powerups and letter values.
Great game
Extremely addictive!!!! Play at your own risk. Lol
Extremely addictive!!!! Play at your own risk. Lol
Extremely addictive!!!! Play at your own risk. Lol
Fun to play when your waiting.
I play it everday and love it.
A great way to pass the time and learn new words.
This is the best all around entertainment that you can share between all age groups. The game is on!
Love this game. Great for the brain.
Love it, challenging and fun!
Pretty fun!
Great game
Addicting.
I am addicted and play it all the time. However, I am playing someone who is clearly cheating. If you add up the points at the end, he has only 265 and the game awards him 865.  Wtf?  Not sure how the dude is pulling this off.
love it
Love the game, and love the no adds.  Well done.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this game!!! Great way to pass the time & only 2 minutes per round!!!
This game is super fun!! It stinks waiting for more coins, but if you upgrade you get a coin every ten minutes. For me it was totally worth it. I play on my Asus tablet and even on the big screen the game looks great!!
Why is this the best ever? 1. Play several matches with friends I'm multiple states in REAL TIME  2. Lightning fast rounds perfect for TIME KILLING  3. Responsive developer (ZYNGA) fixes glitches before they become problems
Love it!!!
You were warned :)
Awesome game
Great game and addicted put less time on coins thou five Minutes instead of 10 min. Each coin
Great Game
Love this game it is so addictive!
Love this game it is so addictive!
Absolutely Love It... Shouldn't have to wait for stars though, especially since I purchased it.
Love the game.
This is a great game.  One of the most addicting games ive played for android.  Only complaint is the amount of time it takes to get coins even when you buy the game.  But the game makes up for it and thats why i stand by my five star review.
Works great on my Asus tablet. Very addictive and loads out fun.
Great game! So addicting and the paid version...Def worth it!
Lots of fun
Awesome game
Favorite game ever!
Fun game.  Works well. No lags.
More addictive than words with friends
Live it. Love it. Be one with the game. Hours if fun.
This is one of my favorite Android games!
Awesome game! Works great on galaxy note
So much fun !!!!
Love this game better then words with friends
A lot of fun! highly addictive.
My niece got me hooked and now it's my absolute favorite game!!!
Great game. Thats all
I bought the add free version a few days ago for .99¢ and I still have adds and takes 20 minutes to get a coin. It reinstalled after purchase. Please fix this for me or reimburse me. Thanks :)
Addictive game ..too much fun to miss
cant stop playing this game...
Takes some time to get better, but well worth the frustration.
Awesome game, I am addicted!
Awesome game, I am addicted!
Thank goodness I run out of coins or I couldn't stop. Addicting and fun! Bought the 99 cent version. Worth it!
Love this game!! However it'll be cool if when won a round you earned coins or if won all 3 rounds you earnt a full coin refill. Other then that A+
Fun
Addictive
Razr maxx
It is The Funk!!! I Love it !
Great game on my Samsung nexus unlimited data on sprint
Still a little buggy. Crashes occasionally on Droid Razr, but overall a keeper.
Fun game. :)
First app I paid for and its well worth it.
Love this game do much, great to play with my friends and sometimes random opponents as well. Its just like scrabble with a really fun twist.not too many technical issues, once in a great while it shuts down but comes right back up.
So addictive love that I can play with friends
Awesome game! So addicting!
Best game for my phone so far.
This game is absolutely fantastic. Highly addictive. Keep up the good work guys ")
This game is absolutely fantastic. Highly addictive. Keep up the good work guys ")
Even better than words with friends IMO... thanks!!!
Ready enjoy playing the game, but I get regular lockups on the phone when playing. Problem persisted across updates.
Always loved the original game that this resembles....thanks team
Beastmode!!
A lot of fun. I'm still trying to understand how my gf seems to win almost every game but cant beat me at nearly anything else! Haha.
Great game
Addictive
Super Fun game.  Getting more popular every day.
Very challenging word game...ao much fun yet so aggavating.  Fun to see how many words you can make without using the available helps, yet if I pay against my son....I use the helps.   Cheating?   No, just hate losing to him...LOL
Great game that's easy and fun to play, especially family seperated by distance.
This is fun.  That is all.
Worth downloading and fun. Problem is it force closes a lot on my galaxy s but no complaints otherwise
Addicting game...always attempting to one up someone!
Very exciting and live playing with my friends
Love the game.
So fun! Love it!!
Luv this game, fav of all time
Love the game, perfect idea with paid version and faster token regeneration.  DONE! Samsung Fascinate
This game is so addictive!
Great app
Fun to play and never a conflict with my phone . Great fun!
i don't know what they put in this, but it is crazy addictive!
AWESOME GAME!!
Love this game. It's addicting! The best out of all the Zynga games, in my opinion.
Love it
Love it
Really helps with me practicing new words.
Truly addictive
.:+)
A reminder button would be great Love this... I have no issues
Play it all the time. Wish there were unlimited tokens though. Other than that, its one of the best games out there that's quick pace and great fun
For yo hizzy
Best app out
Sometimes takes a bit to load. But a great thinking game
Totally luv this game
Lots of fun
Lots of fun
Its addicting and fun to play. waiting on coins for hrs are oout get 6 within the hr instead of 3 and no ads
Love this app. Love playing against my close friends.
Fave game
Love it!
love this game!
Fun and runs great on my lg spectrum.
Awesome game, very addictive.
Awesome game.
Awesome
Fun game!
Perfect word game!
Great game!
Great game!
Fun!
Great game
Great game
fun game
fun game
Love it!
Good time killer
Love love this game.
Great game. Lots of fun. Zero complaints.
ADDICTED
Very addictive...just bought ad free version!
I love this game!!! So addicting.
I love this game!!! So addicting.
Great game.
I love this game it helps you to learn new words
Great game
I absolutely love this game i just can't get enough it's very addictive.
I love this game. I find it very addictive.
This game is addictive fun. It works great on my Samsung Galaxy S II.
This game keeps me wanting more and more, lots of fun.
Pay the buck to remove adds and get coins faster if you play more than a game a day, good job zynga..no crashes ever
Pay the buck to remove adds and get coins faster if you play more than a game a day, good job zynga..no crashes ever
Fun to play with friends
Love it
Worth the 99 cents
Game is fun!!  Addictive!!! Wish they would give u more free coins!!!!
Way to many but you can't even exit them. Make you definitely not want buy or watch what there selling...
It's fast it's fun it's competitive without pressure, and the free tokens helps too. Love out! ;-)
Best game ever I love it!
Extremely additive m fun way to expand ur vocabulary
Love this game!
Love this game!
Great game, enjoyable & appropriate for all levels.
Fun game and super addicting!!!
i cant get enough of this game!!
I prefer this game because it eliminates the cheaters
Best game ever
Love it
great game
Nice fast game, worth buying. It hasn't frozen since I purchased. Samsung galaxy, all smiles.
Love it!
I cant sign in with fb never had this problem with free version...only got paid version because it was .99...please fix this issue would like to play with no ads like i paid for
Love playing! Need more people to play against
The game is great but some players find it (boggle-like) and give up!  i have found even advanced players R friendly and helpful.  The powerups really help you to compete with better players.
Only draw back is waiting for more tokens
Fun, fast game. What else do u need to know?
Its a great game.
Great game
Great game I'm addicted
The more you play the more you love it
Love this game!
lots of fun...very addictive!!!
Good app. Little issues.
Good app. Little issues.
Most addictive game I've ever played!!  Awesome job, Zynga!
Favorite game!!
Love it. Fun challenging and educational.
Addicted!!!
Does seem to have a problem with sound profiles and dropping sounds. Several force closes but they seem to be getting better.
Fun
Awesome
Awesome
Great game. Highly addictive
Love it
This game is great!
A lot of fun and great way to compete with family from a long distance!!!
Very addictive.... I love it!
I was enjoying the free version so much I went ahead and got the paid version and i'm glad i did.  It's worth it not to endure all the ads.  REALLY FUN!!!  TRULY ADDICTING!!!
Best fast quick game to play
Worth the pick up and paying for the no ad version. Support the devs that made this one.
EVER.
This is the funnest game to play .....its challenging.
This is the funnest game to play .....its challenging.
I wish people wouldn't take to dang long to play.
Love this game. Once you get started, you'll be hooked. It helps pass the time when work is slow :)
Sooooo addicting!  I love it! Cant get enough!!
Love it!
Love it!
I'm addicted. Loose most of the time but I love it.
Game is bu%$@#it, I can only accumulate 13 coins....why the hell can't I save more then 13 coins!? What's the point of paying to play if the free version allowed me to have 20
Game is bu%$@#it, I can only accumulate 13 coins....why the hell can't I save more then 13 coins!? What's the point of paying to play if the free version allowed me to have 20
Lots o fun!
Great game
Recommend to anyone.
The best time waster ever
Love this game. But force closes often
Challenging and fun. Great with friends
Scramble is still one of the best word games available. It's quick, it's fun and it's good for memory and vocabulary.
The game function is wonderful. The sound effects are appropriately charming. My only drawback is the proximity of the play or play again button to the comment field. Also the play or play again button needs to be larger. I find myself selecting to make a comment when I only intended to play or play again. Even though, this is the best word game I've found.
Very fun and makes u think!
I love this game.Very user friendly.
Captivating- I love this game. Can't wait until my next turn
Great program! Awesome time waster
Love it!
Love it!
By far my favorite mobile game!
This game rocks....
Great game!!!!
Great fun game!!
This game is addictive !!!!
Fast response no hang up
Best game ever
I wish they had more boards. I've had the same puzzles quite a few times.
Other than force closes occasionally, lots of fun!
Other than force closes occasionally, lots of fun!
Love this game!
Great time killer and very simple to play, runs without a problem.
Lol
Lol
I did not know you could get so many words out of so few of letters!
I got the paid version because I love playing and the coins don't generate fast enough in the free version.
Works well Would like to play multi games with some friends
Has kept my attention for months so I upgraded and bought the adfree version!
It's the best game EVER!
Love it. Random opponents are fun.
Addictive!
Addictive!
Totally addicted ...and I hate word games. Lol
My friends and I love playing this game.
Love this game.
Great game. Very addicting. Wish we could have unlimited games going tho. It would be worth purchasing extra tokens then.
Great game. Very addicting. Wish we could have unlimited games going tho. It would be worth purchasing extra tokens then.
Cant put it down i think there should be another way to get coins than having to buy them like some free options when im out of coins i go crazy lol offer surveys to earn coins i would take them in an instant
Love it !!!!!
I love it¡ Great pass time!
Awesome
Wow, it is by far the most amazing game here, fast paced, keeps you sharp. I only wish it had practice mode so you could play all day even when your friends can't
Love this more than any game I play
Addicted to this game, love it.
HIGHLY addictive! Can't stop playing. I love that this app will find random players when your regular friends are not available. But two issues need addressing: First...please fix it so that we can delete players who are obviously NOT going to finish the game.  Secondly...since we paid for the upgrade should we not get UNLIMITED coins or ways to EARN coins (i.e. by winning games)?
Fun stuff.
Addictive fun!
ONLY ONE THING WRONG WITH SCRAMBLE - YOU CAN'T QUIT PLAYING!
Zynga, I love this game & want to play more. I'm willing to purchase tokens to do so. But you limit me to 20 games, and half of those are abandoned and you don't give me a way to delete or resign from them. Higher game limit or resign function! How many times must it be asked? Oh well, guess you don't need the money.
Fun game keeps your mind working.
Perfect. Mecca for word game lovers!
Great
No comment needed.
I love this game and it is addictive!
I rate at a five. Obviously m I enjoyed the free version enough to buy into the zero ads and quicker coin replenishment idea. Like I said  so far so good. :-)
I'm sure there are improvements that can be made but I have no issues. Great game!
I find myself playing this game all the time! I can't stop!
Excellent game
Love this game!
Addicted! Can't stop playing this game!
Good
Great
Love this game!
This game is very fun. But be forewarned...it is addicting...
Very fun.game
Love it can't get enough, if I wasn't so cheap I'd buy tokens.
I like it because it keeps my mind active & it is challenging.
Addicting even if youre not good at it
Love playing because I learn new words
I'm totally addicted to this game. I'm always trying to get more friends to get it so I can play more people.
I'm totally addicted to this game. I'm always trying to get more friends to get it so I can play more people.
Addictive...Glad to pay for more time to play
Exlent
Awsome app so addicting
I love Boggle and Word Racer and this is the same game only better!
Very super addictive game!
Great game. Wish I had more friends playing it. Feel free to invite me lesleysamp1968. Even if I don't do it straight away I always do. Very addictive as is words with friends
Great game
So addictive.only problems-can't play on own and I keep running out of tokens!
Just a heads up...this game is highly addictive!  Loss of significant other may result.  Use at your own discretion...
Great game!
Love!!
Love!!
The ad free version is jst like the free version..yes u can use 3 powerups but u dnt have to.  I use 1 free and the other that cost 1 coin...jst like the other.  If i want the 3rd p.u. It cost 4 tokens...jst use  it when ur playing harder players...thats not the games fault for giving u options!
One of the best games to play and help sharpen your brain. It's just so much fun!!!
Great addictive game
Very addictive.   Need to replenish tokens faster.
So addictive great game
Super fun game!
Greatest game!!!
This game never gets old for me!  It is so much fun and challenging and great for competing with friends!
Great time pass game ... Love it   shinu2005
I absolutely love this game!! Its the best mobile game zynga has. So much fun!
Fun
Addictive
Addictive
Super fun!
It's a lot of fun if you like boggle.
Love it...... Totally sprung good thing i run out of tokens cuz i woyldnt quit playing!
Love it...... Totally sprung good thing i run out of tokens cuz i woyldnt quit playing!
Still a great game, and well worth the money to be playing with my honey.
I love Scramble!
Random sucks.  Not being paired with people on the same level as I am.  Either very good or very bad.
addicting
Fantastic
6*!!!!!! A must download and play friends!
Probably the most addicting game ever.
Great game highly addictive!! Great that random players can be chosen don't have to face anyone then if u lose!!
If you haven't tried it yet, give it a shot it's a lot of fun!
So fun to play with friends and family. Proves once and for all who has the most verbal acumen and best puzzle skills (it's my little sis-in-law! - then me).  :)
Cool fun for friends and to spend the time doing
I love this game its so fye, they just need to record my wins-loses and stuff like that and maybe have trophies and achievements
I still love this game. No lag time on my htc evo at all. The 3rd help only costs 2 tokens on the paid version.....and NOT five like others have suggested. Everything else is the same.
love this game more than words with friends but the coin situation is getting really annoying, I'll gladly pay 2.99 to be rid of this nonsense
Too long for more coins even after i upgraded.
Game acting up had to reload lost all my games ! Upgrade sucks
Love it
Why is it costing 5 tokens to add third power up???? I'm taking this game off my phone!!!
This game is way too much fun! You get to compete with people and test your skill. Highly recommended!
This app is so awesome especially when you buy the 99¢ one. I play with mom everyday . Its so easy  play . If you are thinking about buying this game its worth it , it really is ., luv this game
Love it
Having fun with this game....no problems, smooth playing....
Way more fun than Draw Something! Though I wish it had some unlockable options.
Love it!!
Totally hooked
This game is very addicting and competitive. Try playing with friends. There are a lot of words that don't come up though. The paid versions coins regenerate faster than free version.
Great game.  Need to fix "force close " issue, but other than that... love it.
Addictive! I love it.
Wish I had more time to find words, but love it!
I'm so addicted! For those wanting to turn the sound off, just mute ur phone. Easy.
Must have app.. personal favorite.
Addicting
I love this game! But you should win tokens when you win
Lots of fun with my friends.
:-D
I love this game I'm
Nonstop nail biting competition .
Love it so addictive
LOVE THIS GAME, SO ADDICTIVE!
so much fun!
Love it!
like this game...........a lot
How are These top developers absolutely  incompetent of fixing their horrible update
Absolutely brilliant. Get it !!!!!
Addictive
Spend a lot of time playing.
Really good game.
Great Game...keeps all of us, miles away, in touch while having fun!  Would love to have the widget...doesnt seem to be available on my galaxy 3S.
Fun game.  Should earn  tokens for winning!  ;)
As I said.. AwesOme :) almost better than words.
Very FUN
Great game!!
The only difference is they charge you 2 tokens for the 3rd power up. What a scam!
Very entertaining game
Great game! Very addictive! No complaints here!
Very addicting and makes you competitive! A SCRAMBLE JUNKIE. FIx the update with all the neg. Issues & game is a hit!
Play it
If u like word games, this is a great one! It's fun & addicting. U can play with anyone, Facebook, email or a specific username. This is my fav game :)
Very addicting.
Love it
Works perfectly on my Nitro HD. No lagging or force closing. :)
i think this is way more fun that words with friends  a lot faster
It is so addicting. I am losing sleep over it..:-)  The only annoyance is my Xoom freezes up occasionally causing me to lose time. My husband and I are very competitive.  It's worth the $0.99 to get coins faster and no ads.  Don't buy extra tokens. Zynga, you should be ashamed only giving them only once and not permanently since we paid for them.
Great game
Fun, addictive, entertaining! Another Great one,  zynga!
A fast word game fix!
A fast word game fix!
Love it!!
Nice, smooth, fast moving game. If you keep playing, you can get better at it. Would like to play it all the time, buy can't. Only thing is scramble with letters should have more scrambling!!
Love
Amazing
This game is sooooo addicting!
Very fun and addicting
Great app
So addictive
I have no problems with my Android OS and enjoy playing, even when i lose!
Love it.. love passing time with this game. Don't like that it takes so long to get tokens...but I make do!
Not a big fan of the three power-ups though. Seems like a ploy to make money. Well designed game though.
No problems on RAZR since last update. You guys should tell them what phone you use so they can fix whatever bugs there are. =) This game is so fun! I NEVER win, but one day! It blows my mind! Get it!
I paid for this game and would like to play without waiting for more coins.  I should have unlimited play after purchasing the game.
Just like boggle
I dont like scrabble, but I like this.
I dont like scrabble, but I like this.
Lots of fun and u cant cheat, which makes it even better!
Awesome game, would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys boggle. I must say it does help to have decent spelling skills otherwise you will constantly be loosing. If you do, get the paid version it is well worth it just to obtain coins at a faster rate.
Awesome game, would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys boggle. I must say it does help to have decent spelling skills otherwise you will constantly be loosing. If you do, get the paid version it is well worth it just to obtain coins at a faster rate.
Love this game!
Great game stimulates your mind
New update uses a TON of RAM. Game lags in accepting words. PLEASE FIX SOON!!! LOTS of Fun, Highly addictive. Definitely worth buying app to get coins faster. Love playing this!   Would like feature with statistics - highest score, longest word, win/loss record, etc.  Please add Facebook app so can play with more friends.
New update uses a TON of RAM. Game lags in accepting words. PLEASE FIX SOON!!! LOTS of Fun, Highly addictive. Definitely worth buying app to get coins faster. Love playing this!   Would like feature with statistics - highest score, longest word, win/loss record, etc.  Please add Facebook app so can play with more friends.
I wish tokens were given quicker.
I downloaded this and i have ads...but i love the game. .Just wish no ads like it said
Fun fun fun
Can't stop playing.
Just wish I could play by myself instead of having to wait.
Fantastic I really enjoy playing this game look forward to relaxing with it every day	Sometimes I have had a game hang up but that is the only flaw
Zynga does it again.  Worth getting the paid version to ditch the ads. Quality game.
Theirs always a word you dont think of that you say, oh why didn't I think of that.
Theirs always a word you dont think of that you say, oh why didn't I think of that.
This game is great.  I usually get bored fast but not with this game.  It keeps me entertained. I give it five stars.
Yea!
I prefer it over words with friends cause its timed and both players are given the same board, therefore no lucky hands. Just sheer skills.
Would be great and tons of fun, but its freezing up constantly not accepting words but still taking your time away. Would be a blast if it would stop doing that!  Also causes my phone to randomly freeze while doing other things. If it doesn't get fixed i will have to.delete!
Most addicting out of all with friends games!
this game is great, doubt I'll ever play the board game version again. I recommend a 3,4 player option or even an offline mode for users who purchased the game (so you can respond to existing games while on the subway and then they send once a connection is found).
Great addictive game!!
Very fun and addicting
Very fun and addicting
Best game ever just luv it
Great fun for almost all ages
Funfun
Love it!
Great game to,play with your friends and family.
Great, fun game which requires knowledge
Addictive!!!
Addictive!
Update causes game to crash on loading. Boo!
Nice
Nice
Love it need more coins
Love it need more coins
I love playing with my adult children! It gives us back Family Game Night anytime and anywhere!  Thank You SCRAMBLE !!!!
Not a bad game.. keeps you thinking.
So addicting
Love the game, hate having to pay for the tokens...
Love it
I love this game! It is fun to see yourself improve and try to get up to speed with different players.
I don't like that they added another power up... That is overkill
I don't like that they added another power up... That is overkill
Addictive fun!
Addictive fun!
A very addictive game.
This game is addicting and so much fun. Def recommend! EVO LTE
Great game. Quick fun way to pass time
Great game!
'nuff said.
Great not as many bugs as words.
If there is going to be 3 power-ups, then there needs to be a few extra seconds added to the clock! ... & can we get the power-ups to stop bouncing up & down, because we cannot click on them, when they are moving?! :(
Fun to play.  Easy and quick.
I have no problems with game never fails to load. The best game ever . Now that we get faster coins  absolutely addicting.
Great
Fun
Fabulous..but be warned..it's highly addictive!
Love this game, can't stop playing!
Great game. Highly addicting.
Love it!!! HTC Thunderbolt.
Great fun app
... and fun with intelligence.
Love the new update
It keeps looping back to main screen can't play a single game! So far waste of a Buck hope an update fixes this soon!
this game is AWESOME and highly addictive!  But PLEASE can u make an option to delete the games no one is responding to??  I paid for the full version and would like to not have my board cluttered with games that are over 7 days long!
Cant stop playing now. But I hope they have status for all games finished.
Great game but I think I should receive coins faster since it costs one coin for every game would rather free games than free bonuses .GS3
Great game!! Highly addictive! I purchased it: ) wish you could shorten the time length for tokens but otherwise I'm hooked
Love it!!!! Even better now with the additional help.
Best with friends game!
The issue reported by others with it charging 4 tokens for the 3 power ups seems to be resolved ... Now it wants to charge 3 tokens to play with 2 power ups ... Love the game...look forward to enjoying the new updates!
Love the game. Dont like that your limited to how many you can play     :(
Love this game!
Love it !
Love this app
Great game wish u didn't have to wait for tokens or mayb u should give more than 14 since it takes at least 2 to play
Its so fun n addicting!  Strongly suggested to anyone that enjoys 'boggle' or any word games! Love, love, love it!! :-)
Fun game
Fun game
It's fast, tough, witty, and you can't cheat (or if you can, it's gotta be pretty freaking hard)! Fun game- it's "BOGGLE" on your phone. LOVE THIS GAME!
Love it. Need more challengers. I'm too good.
I'm good. :)
Stats would be nice though.
Great game to pass time with. Love the 3 ups now. Sometimes my screen freezes in the middle of making a word.
I'm not the best player, but this game always keeps me entertained.
Great and fun game very addicting. I play it everyday!
Nough said!
Addicting !!!
Very fun!
Awesome Game!! Luv it!!
Oh, I do LOVE this game!
Great
Awesome game, highly recommended.
Increases.brain capabilities and language. Great.fun too!
Ok I signed off and signed back on with and everything is fine 1 coin for all 3 ups....awesome!!!!
Great game!  Just make sure you are not distracted, or you'll lose valuable seconds. And seconds make words!
Why do I have to use 4 tokens for a third lifeline on the paid version yet on the free version you only have to use 2 tokens!
It's addictive and now i have all my friends playing
It's addictive and now i have all my friends playing
It just keeps getting better! Thanks for a great game. :-)
Highly recommend, especially with the new update!
Gud one...
Gud one...
For me, a challenge.  Perhaps not so much, my opponents.  I don't get how they can be so fast and so smart.
Love this game. One wish: minimum letter feature. I wish there were an option to play only four-letter or more words, etc.
Fun
I love this game! Fast loading and challenging!
Super awesome highly addictive word game just cant put it down!
it isn't mentioned anywhere but when i subscribed for a buck not only more tokens but i can start way more games doesn't seem like there is a limit either so totally worth the buck on that alone, hope that info helps!
Addictive as hell!! Even when i dont get notifications i find myself checkin to see if its my turn again so i can play it lol.... A solo version of this would be amazing!!! Just sayin.... :-)
I'm not big on games but I love this and can't get enough of it. I started with small scores but keep getting better, don't give up!  Love the interaction with friends and random people.
Quick fun.
Game
Favorite game
Love  it
I have the free version of this game and tonight decided to buy it. Unfortunately I haven't been able to log in to play any of my games because everytime I try to log in it force closes...would have been a 5star if I could actually play this version
I never buy apps but i bought this one and can't put it down!
Great game love it
It's my fave so far
Scramble with friends is great! Best game ever! It's a must have and I am not a gamer. Try it for yourself, your gonna love it! Excellent! A+ rating, just can't say enough!
Scramble with friends is great! Best game ever! It's a must have and I am not a gamer. Try it for yourself, your gonna love it! Excellent! A+ rating, just can't say enough!
Best game ever
This game gives me something to do, no matter where I am. This game is even better when you have the full version. Thanks Zenga.
addicted
It's a very fun and addictive game but...I have the paid version...and just now got an ad when I shouldn't...why?
Worth playing for days straight!
Only game I play. Love it!
Very fun & addicting ... No problems with it
I've bought the paid version and the android versions.. Totally awesome!
Awesome thinking test.
Awesome!!!!!
i love this game, just wish there was an option to resign without going into the game, and also that it didnt give both players an option to play again after every game thus filling up my list with the same person over and over.
The best time killer ever it be good if they had a practice mode
Addicting, fun, favorite game but needs to have a delete game option when opppnents stop playing as it ties up the ability to obtain new opponents. Plz create that  option.
Helps me wake up every day.
Love this game!
Loving it! Yes a single player game would be even better so we can sharpen our minds while waiting on others moves!!
Can't....stop....playing.....so.....hungry....*dies from scramble overdose*
Great game!
I love scramble. So addictive. the best '...with friends'game yet!
Getting tokens 2x as fast makes the paid version well worth 99¢
The game is wonderful and a blast to play.
This games is so adictive i cant stop play lol
Love it highly addicted
Cool
Love it very addicting
Great and fun game
Stigma royale with cheese
Briilliant...I'm obsessed!
Briilliant...I'm obsessed!
I agree with needing stats but it is so fun I still gave it 5 stars!
I love this game. Could play it for hours!!
If people dont complete a game after 3 days you should get the win.
Awesome game....HIGHLY ADDICTIVE
Very addicting!
Extremely fun and challenging ..need A pass  n play or a practice mode. Love it!!
Extremely fun and challenging ..need A pass  n play or a practice mode. Love it!!
I love this game so much i bought it!!
With all the upgrades im shocked we dont have the paaa and play option yet. Come on guys hop to it!!!
Such a fun game! One of my favorite.
Addicted to this game. A must have to challenge the mind and pass the time!!!
Yes indeed.
So fun
No glitches and very fun!
No glitches and very fun!
So addictive! I can play for hours.
Lots of fun
Words with who?
Addictive :)
I have the full version but I'm suddenly getting ads. Why.
Great wish u had a pass n play option. Hella fun.
Great way to waist time with friends! ! ! Challenging and downloading for the brain!
I love the game I just think you should be able to clear your old game history and games a winner should be declared if your opponent doesn't take there turn with in 24 hours I have games that I've been waiting for my opponent to take there turn for a week or more please fix that. Da Poz.
Love this game.. Hates that it freezes up some time hate the thunder some time have no clue where to start on the inspiration
I love it
Unlike other games that get boring very quickly, this carries on being great fun
Addicting...wirth buying...coins buikd faster!
One of the moat addictive games ever.... Simply the beat word game I've played.....
Love this game but need better opponents! UN is zwalman. Expert players only.
Love this game but need better opponents! UN is zwalman. Expert players only.
I'm addicted to this game!
Love it
addictive
addictive
Love it!
Love it
Once I started playing I couldn't stop. If you love word games you'll love scramble! Only thing that sucks is once you run out of coins you have to either pay to play or wait for them to reload...and that could take hours.
The game is a nice Boggle clone with some twists.
Great game
Great game
Fun and addicting, I play everyday :-)
Keep playing, get better, get addicted.
I love this game
Great game highly addictive well worth the 99 cents for the no ads I play it everyday flawless no problems at all I have the new evo 4g lte
This game is too legit to quit should make one with unlimited coins I would definitely appreciate it thank you
Great
It is so much fun and addicting..
I'm always playing this game with family and friends. Absolutely love it!
Best Zynga game yet!
But I think you make it too easy. Sometimes I can get up to 150 points...in ONE round. I kick a$$!!!
This game is so much fun! It's very addicting, especially when you are trying to best your friends scores. Once again, Zynga, You are the best!
I have a Samsung galaxy s2 and this game causes my sound to stop working. The phone won't play any audio file  (brings up an error, even streaming and even system files) until I quit the game. I got a replacement phone before realizing this game was the issue... Also, the restrictions on number of games open at a time are ridiculous.
Love it...the only issue i have is when someone doesn't play back for over a week, the match should be deleted by either person, not just the person whose turn it is.  My queue of games gets clogged up with games that never get finished and then it tells me i have too many pending games to start a new one. Otherwise it is one of my favorite games to play.
I love word games...have played the others but in enjoy this  zyanga game the best!
This game is great and addictive.  However, it should have a function added to keep a record of wins and losses against your opponents.
awesome game....keeps your brain n reflexes hummin'!!
I love this game..just wish I knew how many games I have played..how many I have won and how many I lost..
Spent waaaay too much time scrambling already.very addictive!
Love this addicting game!
I've become addicted to this game its so good! Works perfectly on iPad & android
Stainer
Risa & I play all day
Love this game!
If u like word games..u will love this game!
If u like word games..u will love this game!
Loads of fun.
I can't stop playing.
I like it so far. Better than any other with friends game.
Very fun game great for mind.
The game (paid version, anyways) crashes constantly at startup. Sometimes it will get to the menu, but mostly doesn't. HTC Thunderbolt.
This game is fun to play. It works well. The main screen is really cluttered and hard to figure out and it sucks up tons of RAM. Last time I killed it the game was using 34mbs. Too much for my tiny phone mem capabilities.
Love playing this with my friends and even making new ones. Keeps my brain thinking and exercised.
Great game ..
Great game....
Love it :-)
Solitaire option please!
love this game.  I'd like to see a practice option
Great game
Been waiting for this to hit Android! Definitely worth it.
good
Love this game!
Addictive game! Absolutely loving it :)
Good game
Fun with friends
Its a fun and interesting game....i never get bored playing it
I yell Bob Saget when i miss a word... love it!!!!
I love this game. I wish there was a timer on how long you can take.
Best game ever!
Very addicting and frustrating. Keeps my interest. Love this game.
But  freezes a lot ,
No problems with the ap. Works well on asus transformer prime tablet and droid razr
No problems with the ap. Works well on asus transformer prime tablet and droid razr
Love it
Quality game
I think the length of time waiting for coins and using up to 2 per game takes away the fun. I have to limit my play and when you have several games on the go it end up frustrating!! I even purchased coins but they didn't last 6 games. I love the game!! I just can't play it as much as i want! Please come up with earn to earn more coins, like gaining if you win?! So addictive!
Very fun/addicting game! Even though your friends will probably kick your butt at first, give it time and you will come back to Scramble their mind!!! :-D
Best game ever A+
fun game very addicting
Great game
free version is fine but go with the 99 cent version for no ads and faster options
Love it!
Sucked a dollar out of me
Super addicting and mad fun!!! I recommend buying it cause you won't be able to stop!!
Addictive:-)
Love it!
I have fond childhood memories of playing a board game similar to this. This game is very fast paced and exciting! LOVE IT!
My favorite game!
I've paid for a no ads game, so why am I getting ads? Sucks.
Addictive!!!
Addictive!!!
Addictive!!!
Smooth, fun and addictive.
Omg its so freaking addicting love it!!!!
Love this can not stop playing!
Love this game. Bought full version.
Love this game. Bought full version.
Force closes on Android sometimes, but very addicting.
Awesome game! Very challenging and I can't get enough!!!!
I just wish there were notifications for your turn, this game is addicting!
The best game, the more I play, the more I need it.
Awesome!!!
Im addicted!!!!
I love that get to compete with friends and it never  gets boring. Only wish I have is for a solitaire mode. Had to download another app  for that.
I love love love Scramble.  Play it several times a day.  However Ive been havingbproblems with the sound.  I dont find any setting controls.  To turn sown the sound of the game i use my volume control on my Droid X but it completely messes up the sound to my whole phone.  Then i have to force stop and then restart my phone.  Help!  Im missing calls and texts because of sound issues (notifications).  I turned all my friends onto this game but i will prob have to uninstall unless there is a fix for this!
This is the awesomeness game i have played if like to make words you should give it a try. All about speed can your fingers keep up.
This is the awesomeness game i have played if like to make words you should give it a try. All about speed can your fingers keep up.
Great game, except when it freezes up my phone :(
Addicting, can't stop playing
Really fun.
My sister's Ipad and my Eee Pad are in battle daily even with us being miles and miles apart.....Thanks Zynga....SCRAMBLE is the best word game ever!!!
Good game
Great game! So much fun
Like. But not sure why i upgraded for 99¢ extra. Nothing i can notice has happened!
Very entertaining and addicting can't stop playing ..easy to find friends .fun game love it
Very cool game download you will not regret it if you like word games. the only thing I must say that I don't like is that it does not keep all my wins and loses
Very cool game download you will not regret it if you like word games. the only thing I must say that I don't like is that it does not keep all my wins and loses
Very cool game download you will not regret it if you like word games. the only thing I must say that I don't like is that it does not keep all my wins and loses
Great game
Great game
Very addictive!
Nicely done no issues
Nicely done no issues
I love this game so much I bought the company!
Get rid of the cheats. Nothing worse than losing to someone who uses cheats to find words hardly anyone has heard of.
Love this game....very addictive.
So much fun!
The only downside to this game is the hours that fly by while playing
This game is very addictive!!
Awesome,addicting and no force closes.  Did prefer the separate word columns tho.. Droid4
Almost as much fun as words with friends
fun game
No Complaints .. Hope More Features Are Coming In The Future
No Complaints .. Hope More Features Are Coming In The Future
This game is so awesome.  Like playing boggle as a kid.
Awesome game hrs of fun
Best mobile game ever!
Totally awesome
Totally awesome
The only problem i have is buying more tokens
The only problem i have is buying more tokens
Good brain exercise
Well played Zynga..this game is awesome...
Great skill builder
Play when you like, play who you like.  Love it.
I really like it
I love this game but only when I win, haha. A great way to exercise the old brain. Love the sounds but could do without the voice.
Only one thing keeps this game from getting 5 stars. A single player practice mode. Other than that it's a very well executed game. ;)
Love this game it's so addictive!
Love this game it's so addictive!
Worth paying for to get rid of the advertising and you get coin credits quicker.
Awesome!
Keeps force freezing....especially when the app is closed.  Love this game. Please fix....then will give 5 stars.
Love this game
Sweet game
I get into it. It's therapeutic for me.
Me likey
Me likey
Great game!
Tons of fun!
Love this game.
Too bad it takes so long to collect coins.
This game is so much fun.  I can't stop playing it. It does have a few problems but nothing unbearable.
Great game. Love it love it
Careful, its addicting
Love it
Loved it so much I bought it!
I can't stop playing, got the paid version, worth every cent!!!
I can't stop playing, got the paid version, worth every cent!!!
Love it.. addicted!
Thanks very cool game
Great app!!! Love the game
Great app!!! Love the game
Fun and addicting
Add stats and better help for beginners, and I would be
Very fun and competitive
great game so addicting!!
This game is one of the best on the market you can chat with friends and challenge your brain at the same time! This is a must get game for any device.
Love this game
What a great game
Title says it all! non stop fun...coins can notcome fast enough! Love it....   Quick ? If anyone can answer : Anyone know why on the iPhone version it extends the time a lil extra when using the S/board flip. But the Android version does not. Am I missing something?
Can't reverse the word like iphone
Great game
Brilliant
Brilliant
Great!!!!!!!!
Love this game!  Definitely worth buying the $.99 add free version were tokens are replenished in half the amount of time then in Scramble Free version.  This game is SO ADDICTING you end up blowing through your tokens quickly.  Game would be perfect if players could earn tokens through high scores/number of wins etc.
This game is highly addictive!
Within five minutes of me rating the free version and hoping for the Ad free version, I then stumbled upon the Ad fee version. Thanks!
Hate coins should only have to use one coin per 3 rounds
Hate coins should only have to use one coin per 3 rounds
Love playing with the Hubby and the kids.  I'm addicted.  Purchased the full version and I never bought an app before.
One of my favorite apps
One of my favorite apps
Really enjoy this game!
I bought the new version to get rid of the ads but they are still there.
keep up good work
keep up good work
Addicted! I love this game!
AwsoMe
Worth the 99 cents for the upgrade as well.
If you like boggle then get this, very addictive.
Addicted bad!!!!!
Can't get enough of this game! I'm always waiting for my tokens!
Love this game!
Great game
Awesome game
Love this game..so addicting and so much fun...try it, you'll loveit too..the only negative is the coins run out way too quickly when you have several games going..A+
Nice
I've missed it on Facebook, and love playing on my phone with friends.
Lets just say the dishes don't get done because of this game!! Haha. :-)
Love it...
I'm really addicted to this game... it's perfect except for one thing--the waiting. PLEASE add a single player mode!
I love this game! It definitely helps pass time and it keeps my brain sharp. If you like timed, competitive, word games you have to add this to your collection!!
Love it
Nice interface and smooth running game!
Loads of fun!  I like that it is a fast paced game.
Love this game
Fast game
BEST GAME EVERRRR!!! TOTALLY ADDICTIVE!!!... WOULD REALLY LOVE TO BUY THE GAME INSTEAD OF TOKENS... SO WORK ON THAT!
Good clean fun.
Da best game i played n da market
Da best game i played n da market
Great game! Super addictive
No complaints. Works well on my non-rooted Thunderbolt.
Wonderful game!!!!!!!
So addicting. Love this game. Would love for it to keep some stats and also would like to be able to delete or resign from matches where the other person hasn't played in a while. Also the game sometimes freezes for a few seconds especially towards the end of the round when im trying to get in the last few words. Lost a few rounds/games because of that but still love this game.
Plays like Boggle...  Love this game.  Wish there was a way for single player to play against the board.
Play it all the time when im bored.
Great Game
Love, love, love! I can't get enough. Very addictive
Great to play with friends and family!
Fast and fun!
Great game.  Broadens ur vocabulary.  worth buying to get rid of the adds.  Love it!
Great game.  Broadens ur vocabulary.  worth buying to get rid of the adds.  Love it!
Love it Great game
Great to pass the time.
Work great on samsung epic 4g.. but sometimes it tells me I can't start a new game w/ a previous player.. idk if that's a bug.. if so please fix
Fun thinking game
This game rocks!!
Love the game!
If you like word games this is definitely a good one. I had the free version but paid the 99 cents to get coins faster because I have so many games going. It's a lot of fun.
So fun! Addicted to this game!
You will love this game!
Excellent word game!!!
And this lets me play with friends without having to talk to them! Great stuff!
love it keeps me in action with family
love it keeps me in action with family
Supermadfun game. Would be better if it kept stats.
Scramble with friends
Love it
Awesome i played this game and passed my eng all the way.
Simply incredible!
Love this game
Very very addictive!
I love this game! So addictive though.
I love this game! So addictive though.
I love this game! So addictive though.
Sweet game!
You get hooked so fast. Very fun
Enjoy this
But i still cant beat my wife lol
Nicer if you can keep track of your stats
Enjoy!
Passes the time. Very enjoyable
Love this game! Play with me! Username Swoop81
Great no problems. Works well.
Great and addictive
This game is so addicting. Fast, fun!
Fast paced time killing awesome game!  My favorite!!
love this game
Zynga has done it again!  I loved Words and Hanging with Friends.  Now they made another hit!
Zynga has done it again!  I loved Words and Hanging with Friends.  Now they made another hit!
Zynga has done it again!  I loved Words and Hanging with Friends.  Now they made another hit!
Got hook on this fast... Is so addictive I can stop playing all the time..
While I'm not in the actual game itself it slows down my phone & pops up a force close window, I don't know why it just does, it does it at least twice a day. Other than that its a great game I love it!
Way too much fun. Sometimes it wnt recognize my fingers but i think that's more a screen issue than an app issue
The widget does not show up on my phone under the widgets section...  please make it available as a separate download from the store.....  5 stars!!!
Only problem is having to wait for a game to end if your opponent never takes thier turn
Great game to play
Wish more of my friends played it!
Well worth the donation
Well worth the donation
Lots of fun playing with family.
Love it
Had the free version. Hated the ads best .99¢ I've ever spent.
I freekin love this game! They have done an excellent job creating this one!!!
It's very addicting, I have several games open with the same person
Great game
Love it mizsfab play against me
Love this game!!
Love it play daily
Love it
A lot ofun. Makes you think and is very addictive.
Love it!!
Requires totally different strategy from traditional boggle, love it
Addictive, fun & challenging!!!
Love it! Can't stop playing!
One of my most favorite games, I play it daily!
One of my most favorite games, I play it daily!
<3 it!!  Terribly addicting!
Awesome
Too addictive!!
Only problem is I payed yet still have to wait for coins
I bloody love this game
Loads of fun and haven't had any issues with it.
Love that there are no ads!!!
You'll like it.
Love it. Get my a _ _ beat alot. But can't stop playing.
Great game
Lots of fun.
Lots of fun.
Works great! Love the game!!
Very addicting game
Great game so addicted
Excellent
LOVE IT !!!!!!
Fun little time waster, more challenging than words with friends.
Love this game!!!
Loved the free game, but my phone would slow down from it, especially if anything else was running.  This version uses less than half as much ram as the free version, which is nice.  Wish it at an option to exit though....
Really addictive,  burn up plenty of my spare time playing this.  Love it
I love this game. Does not post if you dont want it to, has words we use in it, not Webster. Fun!
Fun game, have only one suggestion - the option to cancel a game with a random opponent when its been their turn for more than 3 days.
Great game tons of fun only thing i would change or i feel needs 2 b added is the winner of the game should b rewarded and it shouldnt cost a token per round it should b a token per game..... but still a ton of fun great game
Addicting and teaches me new words!
I'm overly addicted to this game. Well done. It us worth the upgrade too.
This is such a fun game - but, so addictive!
Love the game! Very addicting! Just wish I can end games with people who's turn it is and haven't responded in days. Could play this all day if possible!
Love this gamw! Very addicting
When they fix the frequent freezing it does to my phone I'll give it 5 stars!
When they fix the frequent freezing it does to my phone I'll give it 5 stars!
When they fix the frequent freezing it does to my phone I'll give it 5 stars!
Great game to play with friends.
I love the game and the competitiveness that comes with it. My wife and I have contests all the time.
Love the game. Needs some sort of one player or practice mode though.
I have stopped playing almost every other game. I love this game, way addicting.
Easy to pick up and play a round here and there.  Fun!
I love being able to play with friends all over the country.
I don't usually bother to rate apps and games, but Scramble With Friends is the best!  There are occasional glitches, but they get fixed pretty promptly. Freezes on one tablet I own, after game, but I'm sure that will get ironed out too.
Love it
Addicted!
love to play
Very addictive! Wish you could play a game against yourself like a practice game, etc...
Very addictive! Wish you could play a game against yourself like a practice game, etc...
One word awesomeness.
Luv it!
This is the best, most addictive I've ever played!  Love, love, it.
Love this game even though im absolutely terrible at it lol<3
Great
So addictive....
So addictive....
love it
Great game!!!!!
Awesome game... Fun to play for hours on end!
No ads worth a dollar
EVER!
Should create delete button if the other party took too long to play.
Love it
Love it!
Great game
Fun
Its just a one must have app loads of fun. Very addictive
Best game on the net!!!!
Awesome!
Love it
I wish old games would go away themselves
Greatest game ever!!!
Remove the 2-letter words on the list, it's an awesome game, dont make it seem like its for idiots.
one of the Best games I have on my phone
Easy to remove players who don't play.... Contact customer care, they do it quick and easy!
Love it!!!
Love it!
This game is awesome
Can't stop lots of fun!
two min... done great brain teaser
:)
Love it!
Love it
:)
I love this game...and love that I can play random players...it gives me new levels of challenge.
Good stuff
I love this game, so so addictive, I just wish coins wouldn't run out!!
Awesome game! Great time killer! Droid RAZR!
A good fun game that is fairly fast paced. Not had any problems with it so far ^^
A good fun game that is fairly fast paced. Not had any problems with it so far ^^
Love the game just wish there were more power up options
This is one of the best apps i have so far... So addictive!!!
I LOVE THE GAME!!!!  However there NEEDS to be a way to get unplayed games off. When some else fails to play. It limits the games you can play if there are a bunch just sitting there for DAYS!!!!!!  Would be a 5 if you fix that!!!
I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
Good game.
Good game.
I love playing this game with friends. It challenges me to think, and quickens me.
Very addictive game...make my brain cells exercise.
Very addictive, fast paced fun .. and it's great when you beat your brainiac friends!
Fantastic game :)
When I was a little girl we played Boggle. This is just like that, but soooooo much better! By far my favorite game!
Challenging and fun!
Love it
The end.
Fun!
Love the game!! need to remove the "too many games started". If players don't respond it impacts the Games that you would like to initiate. Also, increase the time to rebuild coins. I know you need to make some profit, however many of my friends are slowly not playing. I truly love playing the game though and give it 5 stars.
Love the game!! need to remove the "too many games started". If players don't respond it impacts the Games that you would like to initiate. Also, increase the time to rebuild coins. I know you need to make some profit, however many of my friends are slowly not playing. I truly love playing the game though and give it 5 stars.
super fun
Great fun! This is my favourite game, love it!
Great game to play.
Really fun addictive
So. I love this game. The only thing I don't get... Why don't you get coins when you when!!
Hard to put it down. Actually helps keep in touch with family & friends while learning new words all the while!
I love Scramble with a  friends!
What more can I say...
Awesome and fun. Hate the concept of buying coins, but the $.99 for the game was worth it. At least you get a free coin every 10 minutes instead of 20. I guess everyone has to make a living! I think we should have been loaded up with coins after we purchased though!
From the smooth interaction to the challenge of wordage, this game is a gem. Can not put it down...   but please add one more row!
Awesome sauce!
Addictive and lots of fun and learning!
Addictive and lots of fun and learning!
Needs more coins in shorter time!
Needs more coins in shorter time!
Needs more coins in shorter time!
This is a really fun addicting game.
Fun
I love the game, but it force closes all the time and makes my phone reset itself!  Seriously annoying!!  :-(
I love this game. And I've gotten all my friends playing.
Great game,  runs smoothly.  Very addicting!
Great game!
Love this game
Addictive
I loved the free app so I got the paid app.
I love this game :)
I'm so hooked on this right now. Had to upgrade so I could get tokens faster.
Love stroking people at this game
HELP, I'M HOOKED!                -
Great fun.
Good game!
This is the best game!
Good stuff
Addicting!
Love. It.   Fun fast easy for everyone
I think there should be more minutes to find words. Two minutes isn't long enough.
Fun game...very addictive
No bugs just great fun
Fast anf fun... Keeps it interesting
One amazing game..
This is a great game for adults and children alike! Totally worth the money. I play with friends from all walks of life and they love it!
I just can't stop playing!
Great fun. Should have option to play random players, not just well matched opponents so you can know how good you are relative to general players. Also a ranking ladder would be awesome, including statistics.
Good idea. Nothing wrong with it. It's fun.
Stimulates the brain!
Zynga does it again!
So much fun and addicting... Love it
Fun game to play against friends and family
Love it
Worth the cost to get rid of ads.
I love this game its the best.
Addictive
Favorite all time word game! Samsung skyrocket
No complaints here love it!
And lots of it.
Too many bugs. Game goes too slow.
Awesome game very addicting
I can't stop playing this game, it's so much fun.  The two things I would change are increasing the maximum number of games you can play at a time (I have about 15-20 going and it's not enough, lol). And adding a pass and play feature so you can play with someone directly or practice up on your own!
Great game.
Loving this game
This game is so much fun. Got to have 2 mins to enjoy your round
Great fun
I love this game!!!
Love. It
Great game! Addictive n i play for hours! Only thing is u should be able to get coins quicker and more than 2 powerups, other than that LOVE IT!
Love the game - it uses a lot of battery on my photon, but I can't quit playing. Wish I could delete stale games though.
Five stars
I have so much fun playing this game.  It is stress relief and a challenge. I live playing with family and friends as well as complete strangers.  I wish the game allowed us to cancel games with unresponsive players after 2 or 3 days so that we're able to continue playing with other players that actively play, instead of waiting more than a week for the system to cancel inactive games.
Fast pace, finger moving puzzle to get as many words as possible. Really cool. Shuts off on me sometimes randomly but other than that great game. I bought it and I personally think it's worth it. Facebook friendly and twitter. Thumbs up.
Very addicting!
Very addicting!
Cool game
This app is the best so far..
Great game, very entertaining:)
Love this game. Very addictive.
A superb game and very addictive..must play...i wish they had a solo mode.
Awsome game love to play against friends and family
Quick, simple fun that you can easily pick up. But it takes real skill to master.
Love it.
Absolutely nothing but fun.
Addicting game.
Addicting game.
I love this game, must download.
Love this game!!!!
Good game!!
Love it!!!!
Terrific game.
Aa of today keeps freezing and shutting down my phone!!! :( Thunderbolt.
What a fun game, plays great on my Incredible 2
Good game to play when you have 2 free mins.
I play late into the night th hen all day long
Very addictive if you like your word games find myself drawn to playing dailey
Very addictive if you like your word games find myself drawn to playing dailey
It's awesome
It's awesome
This game is addicting.
Such a fun and addicting
Love it. :-)
I wish it was available on the kindle fire.
Luv this game...makes my brain work so hard..brain exercise...
Addictive!
Love this game!
So fun...addicting!
So fun...addicting!
I get so much enjoyment out of this game with my wife. It's the only game I actually enjoy playing with her. :)
One of my all time faces.  Playing daily is s must!
Full games and AWESOME TO PLAY! needs new words kinda but maybe that's just me. I play and chat with friends and it's fun. It needs to let us open more games though.
Love this game, but better with the paid app. The wait for coins isn't as long. Makes it easy to play lots of games at the same time without running out of coins.
But how can cancel the games that people stop playing
Truly addicting!  More fun than Words With Friends.
Wish there was a free mode... but otherwise great game.
I love the game Scramble and am so glad its available for android now. I am addicted! However, I have a few issues with the setup. 1.  I don't like having to wait for others to take their turn to play. 2. If an opponent stops playing you can't delete the game unless its your turn.  3. You can only play a limited number of games, so you can't just play when you feel like it. 4. Stats are not available. 5. The whole token thing is silly.
Simply put
I love challenges, and this is 1 of them.
Love this game! Addictive!
Are had by all who play this game.
Very addicting! Love the new update!!
Very addicting! Love the new update!!
Fun game. I suck at it, but it's not Zyngas fault there. Problem is, you are limited in how much you can play without waiting a good deal or buying tokens. Even after buying the full game.
Its sooo addicting
This game is really fun, and I think it is well made. It is good to get the brain working too! I love it.
Love it!
I usually get tired of game after a couple of wks or less, but this is the perfect game for competing against friends. Its quick and aggressive. Enjoyed 'Words' for a while, but this is more my speed.  Love it!!!
I usually don't open any Game more than once or twice, but this onr I've opened many times
Winning is so much fun
GREAT APP!  It is very addicting!  One thing you may want to add is the pass n play option like on words with friends.  That would be great!
Very easy to play and fun to play against  others
Great game!
Man this is an awesome game. 5 stars
Plus when you play a lot, you feel your brain developing wrinkles. Major plus, my brain looks like Miles Davis now! Thanks Scramble!
It's my fav game
Just love it
Awesome game!
Fun game, just wish coins came back in ten min or less
I like that its timed. And i live the extras. Wish i could earn coins faster so i could play more
Awesome!!!
Sticky after update...memory hog....
Loving it
This game is very addicting! I can't get enough of it. My username is "myhappypenguin" if anyone wants to play.
This game is very addicting! I can't get enough of it. My username is "myhappypenguin" if anyone wants to play.
Love it!!!!
Finally I can beat my kids at something!
This is the first game  I play when I'm playing my zynga games . I Love it . It's fun ! Different !
I feel it is too easy to cheat on Words With Friends.  This one is like speed chess.  Now that they got all the quirks out, it plays solid.
I play constantly. So does every one else at work & home. I wish you could earn coins for winning & allow more than 2 power ups.
Very fun been playing daily
Love this game!!! Works great updated on HTC Amaze!!
Love it...better than words with friends
I just wish it had a pass and play option, like words with friends.
I like not having ads. Worth my 99¢ upgrade. Good spelling practice for kids.
Awesome
LOVE THIS GAME...
Love the game.
Customer service is great if you have a problem!
Hate the game request pop up! 5 stars if they fix that. Fun game.
Far too addictive. Shame your limited to the same number of games as the free version
I love it!!!!!!
Lots of fun. Sometimes have to force close but it doesn't bother me :)
I'm hooked!
Fun and Exciting
Great fun....
Great fun....
Love it, can't stop playing.
I am to addicted to this game... I need help...LOL
Thank goodness fire tokens running out...
This game is simply addictive, hours of fun if you have the friends to play against! Some of the words are questionable but overall a great way to pass the time on the train! 10/10
the best
Great game.
Great game, lots of fun trying to find the longest words and seem more educated than your friends!!!!
I'm sooooo addicted to this game!!
This game is addictive!
Iye welts me swell.
Good
A twist for the best! No paper needed and you don't even need to be in the same room as your opponent.
A twist for the best! No paper needed and you don't even need to be in the same room as your opponent.
I was addicted.. Bought 500 tokens...  BOUGHT the game... I play  the game with my niece and she hasn't bought any tokens.. And I have gone through  200 of the ones I bought! I will NOT buy then again! You get no benefit for spending your own money!  But I love the  game...
Love the game!
Fun game!
Freakin addicting!
Im the KING of Scramble! No one can defeat me!
Keeps the mind sharp
Love this game, totally addicted.  Wish I could end games that opponents haven't played in over a week or more!!!
I love this game. I play with my spouse overseas. never fails.
Luv it
Love it!!
Great game
This game is very addictive.....
This game is very addictive.....
Love it
Great game addictive
A good game.
Great game and it keeps me in touch with my friends.
Very cool, reminds me of the old days of boggle and scrabble!! Keep up the good work!! Get rid of inspiration and scramble lol!!! Freeze is kinda fair
Cool game!
Cool game!
Love it!
I love this game so much except for one thing...paying for coins!  I won't do it. That's just rediculous.  Having said that, I am an addict now..
Keeps me busy for hours!  Only downside is that im falling behind on my house work!
Lots of Fun! Love playing with my friends!    Just wish that both players did not get a "play again" option at the end of a game. Seems like twice as many games get started. Also, wish it would kill inactive games sooner. 5 days maybe. Or allow people to resign even when it is not their turn.  Other than that, runs great, good times!!
Very Enjoyable!!
Very fun and highly addictive
Highly addictive
Very addictive and fun to play.
I love this game man
So much fun! Me and my friends are addicted.
fun game!
Love it
Just love this game. It is my all time favorite.   I don't like having to wait days for my opponent to play either.  There should be a way to deactivate those games. Not resign because that would be a loss. or if you did, it should go against your opponent since they really are the one that quit.
Been playing this game with my greetings so much. I really enjoy it.
Love it !!
Great game
Totally addicted, wish I had never downloaded this game, it is taking up all my time!
This games is the best! I have enjoyed many hours of playing this game with friends and strangers
Love the new update...great game...would be nice to have stats, like win-loss record, high score etc...etc...otherwise perfect!!!
It's a lot of fun and so far I haven't had any problems with it. I just wish I could play a computer or practice. Other than that, it's awesome.
Its really addicting! I play with friends but I love having the option to play games with random opponents.
Best ever!
Full version well worth a dollar
Game
Like this game
Like this game
So much fun
Fun bishes
Addictive! Love it.
Favorite word game
have fun playing with family and friend's
Way more entertaining thano WWF.
This game is Boggle without all the hassles.  No writing,  no shaking a clear cube of dice.  No counting up your own points.  This game is awesome.
Got my wife playing. Now we're addicted.
Doesn't lose it's appeal as quickly as others
Fun
Fun!!!!
A great game that gets you in.  Didn't think you could beat words with friends but this is addictive.
Fun!! Should have prizes or trophies for games won.
Love it
Best game Zynga has made!
Very well designed and implemented.
I can play with my granddaughters who are just learning to spell or a more challenging game with others...its quick, fun and stimulates the brain!
I play all the time and just love it!
I play all the time and just love it!
Tons of fun! Would like different letters more often tho. Educational.
Awesome game
Awesome game
I FEEL LIKE THE SMARTEST PERSON IN THE WORLD WHEN THE LIGHTING STRIKES....;)
I FEEL LIKE THE SMARTEST PERSON IN THE WORLD WHEN THE LIGHTING STRIKES....;)
I agree with many other users about having a solitaire mode, just to be able to play for high scores!
very addicting!!!
Favorite game ever!
Scramble my time away... #smhlol
Love it
AWESOME game! All we ask is that you add stats like No. of wins & losses & average scores & maybe biggest word found. Please?
This game is like crack!
Addictive!!!
Needs updates
Funfunfun!!!!!
Runs flawlessly on Galaxy Nexus!
This is a great game
;-))))))
Great game. Love It!!
Good
Lots of fun. Get the dollar version. You get coins to play faster and no ads
I agree with what is being said here.I can only play a few games per day because it wont let you delete old games!
Fun game.
Fun game.
Fun
Fun
I absolutely love this game. Recommended for all "wordies" like me.
Love this game! But I agree with the others... you should earn coins for winning. Just one coin. It would be better than earning nothing. If u play well, you get a coin, if you lose, you get nothing... but I still give 5 stars for awesomeness! Got my friends to dl it too:)
Love it
Very very addicting game .. I love it
Only problem is that I experience a lot of 'force close' on my LG Spirit mobile.
Very good game but slow on a Samsung gem
Really enjoyable game.
Love this game
I love it
Runs great
Love this game. If u like playing word games you will love this one.
Good
Very addictive! 5 stars!
Love this game so much!    Addictive!  Fun filled playing with ppl u know and those who u Otay against at random.  Try it out!
Would be good to see overall win/loss/ decline records against each opponent. And I constantly accidently decline games by pressing play too quickly when someone invites me to a game... Annoying.
Fun
Love, Love, Love playing this game!!! The full version takes much less space on my phone.  Coins up faster too :)
Great game and super fun to play with friends. Very addictive, so watch out :-)
love it
awesome game, I love it!
Love this game! I don't get  very high scores, but I still love it!  Suggestion: It would be fun to track wins/losses with opponents.
Love it
Worth my money for the most part. Lags a little and should have more power ups and different puzzles every time. And we should be able to shake it up by shaking our phones. That would be neat.
Love it
I'm addicted!!
I love this game. It is soooo addictive.
Fun, addictive, great past time. Good clean fun.
Game is awesome! Love that I can play a round and then come back later.
Enjoyed the free version,couldn't  get enough loved using my Toshiba  Tablet it's  great.
Love playing this game even though I lose
great word of wisdom!
Love love love this game. Addicting so make sure you have time to play.. You Won't want to stop!
100% Addictive
i love this game,..very fun to play!!!!!
Love it...
Great game. Lots of fun. Good way to boost the kids vocabulary as well. I highly recommend it.
By far the most fun game I've played from the android market. Fast paced and the head to head action is so fun to watch unfold. Super entertaining and perfect for short attention spans, like me :-P... I agree that records should be kept on win/ loss; that's the only thing I'm not impressed with
Scrambled is awesome. Past paced thrilling game. Great app...have not had any issues..love it!!
Great way to kill time! All around awesome!!! Try it, you will love it!
Great way to kill time! All around awesome!!! Try it, you will love it!
Very addictive
I love this game. Best game so far. No problems at all. Keep up the good work!
Love it!
Awesome sauce
Very addictive. Extremely fun to play.
Can run slowly at times. Great fun!
Addicted from the start, hours of
<3 it
Very addicting...
Very addicting...
awesome game. fast paced and challenging. LOVE IT !!
So good
So much fun.
So much fun :)
Very addicting game. I no longer need crack to meet my daily needs.
Live this game
Totally addicted to this game. Wish you didn't have to wait for coins to add up to continue playing. Should have unlimited with paid version. I love this game though
Love this game!
Fun and addicting, but games are quick so you can squeeze them in or wrap it up easily.
Good game
Great game so addicting
Love this game! Wish it was out already for window phones!!
A game worth the money you pay and the time you spend.
Love it. Keep them coming zynga!
lots of fun
Love this game, but i think you should  be able. To start more than three games a day....
Fun and engaging!!!
Awesome
Worth buying it!
Really good game, easily spend many hours playing this game. Excellent
Awesome!
fun game. Really needs a way to delete old games where the other player doesn't respond/ play for a long time.
So addictive! Easy to learn and you get good really fast. no problem with the game at all
Love it!
Playing this game! THANKS!
Great game.   I love it.  Play on lunch and breaks, it ballad up three monotony of the  day!
You need a win loss system
You need a win loss system
Love, love, love this game!!!! Wish I could play as many games as my heart desires!!! :)
Luv it
Love it!
This is perfect! With a game like this, there really isn't a need for friends.....well other then to play against! Wish they would make an update that saves our wins and loss  records...
Love it
Tons of fun.  =)
Great!
Simply addicted.
Love the mind changeling
There should be a single player practice option.
A+ app
Highly addictive and fun. Love it!
great game,  enjoy playing across the country along side my friends and family.
Great game! Three thumbs up.
Can't stand that we can't resign when we want when  stagnant players don't play for days at a time. Had a RESIGN option for anytime in the game.
Great game! Addicting!
This is a great game! I am totally addicted!
Best game ever
Great app!!!!! So addictive
I would appreciate a future update with this feature... if Zynga can have "pass and play" on Words With Friends why not have one on Scramble??
So fun
Can't put it down
No complaints, just a fun way to connect with friends and engage the mind!
I frigging love this app!
Love this game.
Love it
Should b able to gain coins when u purchase, penalize the buyer & reward the others...not fair! I'm not purchasing any more coins!
Great
Amazing game
Very fun and addictive game
Love!!!
Very fun game.   I look forward to playing it every day.
It occassionally freezes up but usually runs well. Love the game!!!
Love it...fun game!
Fun but kinda slow on evo4g
Love this game. Can play on any downtime. Need only one hand.
Read above
Great game. Love it
It's a great game.  Just wish there was a score tracker with friends. Player 1 vs Friend 1 16-14 Other than that great game.
Excellent
This has to be one of my favorite games!
Love this game! Very addictive.
It really helps me use my brain.
Great app
Great game
Great game!
Great game!
I used to love this game but no one ever beat me so I asked for better matchmaking. Instead of pairing me with higher scoring people, I started getting a lag when I so I now score lower. Before, I could enter words as fast as I saw them. Now it takes so long to register each word I enter, there's a distinct pause in graphics as I finish each one. If I start a new word during this lag, the beginning of the new word doesn't register. I've complained about it many times but nothings changed
Have not put it down since I installed it!!
Addictive. Only game I play.
And totally fun
Great game!!!
Great game!!!!!
Excellent game which stimulates your mind.
Good game. Live to play to pass the time.
I really love this game. Probably too much!
Awesome game!
Love this game... Would say I'm pretty much addicted :) hours of fun!!
very addictive
Addictive!!!
Love it!!
Total fun. Great game.
using GS2; update seemed to fix lag between words, also fixed the 2nd auto-freeze. thank you for fixing!
Never board when you have this game!
Never board when you have this game!
I suck BIG TIME!
I suck BIG TIME!
So many updates! No gliches  our bugs... Smooth play on my droid x!
I haven't been able to put the game down since I downloaded it. Lol!
I haven't been able to put the game down since I downloaded it. Lol!
I love the game and brought the new version for 99¢ and i am still seeing ads On the page when you open the game up and i wish there was a button you could have On the page to get rid of old games with players. Please look into this matter, i would really appreciate it other than that i love the game
Awesome features and well worth the amount if money spent on it.
Love it
Superb
Very enjoyable. No problems
Very enjoyable. No problems
This game is fun but I dont think you should have to use tokens to play the game, just for power ups.  Wish I could play more games at once, im so ADDICTED!!!!!!  Give us people who paid for the app more then just no advertisements.  :)
Absolutely love the game. One of the few apps I actually paid for.
I normally don't take the time to comment on games, but I am overly satisfied with this one. Five stars!
This game is addictive and really fun. I love it
I have always been a Boggle addict, so this feeds my insatiable appetite in short, 2 minute bursts!
Great game.......
America suffers from so much education wise. At least learn some words while playing a game!
Fun game.....only wish there was a practice game with No time limit or where you can have time options like 2, 4 or 6 minute games. Otherwise awesome game.
I loved the free version so much that I bought the paid version so that I could play faster! Well done zynga!
I loved it brother
Addictive and fun
Addictive and fun
Great game I love it.
Addictive, forgivably  repetitive with the boards
I just wish I had more friends that play this.
Love it - best way to pass the time & keep up with my friends in a fun way
Love me some scramble
Love this game ;)
I,love this game!
I play against family members.  Its alot of fun. My daughter plays extremely well.  I've never beat her,   yet.   Lol
Addictive and fun.
This is a good game. Its good you can play anyone of your facebook friends and others too.
So fun and addicting
Lots of fun
Great game
Crashed a few times but no data lost..lots of fun and makes you think.
Fun! Addictive! Somebody stop me - my kids need me!
Awesome
Awesome
Its hard for me. Wish there was a practice game that I can play by myself! My friends love it, so I'm improving slowly.
Love it
Love it
so good- dont wanna stop playing to rate it but then felt guilty coz its soooo good n want other people to read this and try its awesomeness xx
Love it
Best game Eva!
Great game
The sound worked great until I bought the upgrade?  Now silent? Please fix this!
Great game. Takes up alot of my time.
Great game. Takes up alot of my time.
Great game. Takes up alot of my time.
Great game. Takes up alot of my time.
:-)
I cant stop playing. I will start 4 & 5 games at a time just so I can continuously play.  Whether I win or lose it challenges me and makes me better. Think about making a solitaire version!!!
Aweeeesome
Great game! Very addictive!
Still love it. And i bought it now too.
To find friends or eandom opponents. Never run out of coins with deluxe edition, and deluxe updates thumbnail pics and just over all is worth it. If you just want ro burn a few minutes, this is THE best way ro do it.
Worth the dollar!
Great game very fun
Time killer
Addictive, fast paced, and extraordinarily fun.
Addictive, fast paced, and extraordinarily fun.
Fun and simple game.....but it's very addictive!
Hooked on this game.
This game is so much fun! You can play your friends and you can accept challenges from total strangers so you always have someone to play with!
This game is so addicting.. works great on my GalaxyS
I love this game
Most addictive game ever conceived!! Very smooth gameplay. The app freezes frequently when tallying final scores. Would be nice if it kept statistics, like wins/losses, average for words/round, word length, etc. 5 stars when Zynga gets this done.
Brilliant  game, just a newbie at this but its great. Top game
Happy and loving it!!
Love this game!
Fantastic!!
Fantastic!!
I don't play many games I love this one thanks!
Addictive time killer!
So glad I upgraded to ad-free version.
Extremely addictive...get it!
Lots of fun. Seems like many of the problems I was experiencing may have been fixed in this update. Edit: much more stable now. The only game I play every day.
Tokens are a little annoying, but they serve as a reminder to take a break.
This game is defo one of the best on android bringing premium gaming to our android hansets love it my recommendation would be to able to change themes 5 bright stars for me excellent.
This is a very fun and addictive game! Well worth the price of the paid version. Just wish there was a statistics screen.
Like it
So addicting! Only game I play daily!
FUN!
Love this game!!!
Enjoyed this game.
Excellent
Awesome game. Really a lot of fun, have not noticed any glitches or anything! Love it!!
Awesome game. Really a lot of fun, have not noticed any glitches or anything! Love it!!
Reminds me of Boggle. Can't stop playing !!  Luv it !!
Good game
I life this game! Although, I do wish you could get tokens faster
One of my favorite games ever! Fun to play against friends :)
My most played app. Love it. I wish you could close a game where opponent hasnt played for a while. Means have to uninstall and start fresh. Also some sort of scoreboard/ranking. Still love it.
I am addicted! Lol!
:)
I feel like Peggy Hill "Oh Yeah!".
Wonderfully-polished. Love the three rounds with bonus tiles introduced. The powerups are a fairly nice addition, and provide rudimentary handicapping. The token system is ridiculous, but rarely affects me.
This electronic version of Boggle is the best game I have ever down loaded. Better, even, than Angry Birds! Hey don't kill the messenger, its just that good!
Great game!!!
Very addictive game.
I have always loved Boggle. This gives me that ability whenever I want.
Game takes a while to catch on to, stay with it.  When you finally do it is fun and challenging. Try out free version first but you will save time and money buying the paid version as your playing time increases.
Love it
Great game! Very addictive! Worth the upgrade from the free version!
Addictive fun
Sound is a little glitichy as is the start of a round.  Samsung Galaxy S wifi.
This game is a friendly battle between me and my seed. I'm enjoying the game,
This is by far the best game I have played on my phone. So addicting!
Fun! Addictive!
A great work out for your brain. Love playing with those I know & those I don't. After playing for months, I still haven't run into a repeat board (like I do in other similar word games), which means the challenge is always fresh! Highly recommend.
My addiction to words with friends ended with this new roller coaster ride
Great fun
