Does not work on Droid Razr.
Purchased based on price point but switched to dropbox after an overnight desktop sync only uploaded 500 mb out if 50 gb on a fast connection
if this app came from some shmuck outfit, i'd say ok, give em a break. but this app coming from google is unacceptable. waste of time and waste of data. luckily i had a backup for the files. it seems that google is hiring people from microsoft to write these apps.
Yet another Google app that refuses move to sd card. 9mb even before a gazillion updates? Uh huh, buh-bye now. Uninstalled.
Loaded file from pc (vista) can edit on phone - good. Next day drive seems to be split into two copies, but only seperate copy can be seen on mob or pc. Perhaps problem with vista gdrive end, but end result is bad.
With my Asus Transformer Prime I got a pretty awesome tablet. All my college files and recordings are stored on Google Drive. But this app is totally unusable. The performance of the UI so sooo bad. When i want to make e. g. - 5 Files offline available I get 10 times the Dialog "app is Not responding". Jesus!  The file downloads are incredibly slow.
I used this app ALL the time. My job shares work schedules through Google docs so its very convenient and I keep all my notes from my classes on that cloud as I love how organized you can keep everything. On my galaxy S2 skyrocket after upgrading to ICS from Gingerbread this app has become unusable. Freezes the entire phone without the force close option to come out on the screen for a couple of minutes. Please fix this Google! I'm currently using Google chrome & using docs that way but its not the same.
Can see folder structure but it hangs on the login screen when I try to open a document.
This works OK on a PC, but your phone apps cannot navigate to it to open or save documents to it. This make the service worthless on a phone.
Its a nice thing.. But wid me, i upload stuff on gdrive in my laptop.. But its not visible on my fone!! Tried evythin, everyway.. Didn work! So time to move on to dropbox for me!!
I moved some files from my Dropbox account to this when I ran out of space. Dropbox was supposed to give me 25GB with my new HTC phone, but didn't. The same files on Google Drive aren't syncing with this app.  Now that I've finally got my 25GB from Dropbox I'll be moving the files back and uninstalling this from my laptop and phone. What a waste of time.
The time I installed and I tried to check out. My mobile got hanged!!! This creates very bad impression!!!
The login box auto-hides when the focus is lost so the keyoard doesn't show to allow you to enter your credentials. Stuck on the home screen with no way to log in.
Like view bin .... Make folders etc
...can't edit on phone or tablet.
Mostly it just spins with a login prompt that doesn't respond.
I really dont get Google.. U know some 2.3.3 users gotta law memory photos ,so add app2sd , WHEN THEY GONNA PUBLISH NEW VERSION!??!?
This app is not downloading onto my nexus 7 tab. Tried resetting tab and still have same problem. Works fine on my nexus phone though
Nothing uploads / downloads, kills my network spontaneously, prevents other apps from operating properly....... In a nut shell it doesnt work!
You can do better Google!
The title says it! It is inconvenient! They should do it like Dropbox.
Very bad.
Dropbox works
Constant crashes on the desktop version render the mobile one pointless wish I wasn't paying for this
Nice app guys :)
Seriously google. I'm running your software on your OS. The ONLY reason I need offline mode is to EDIT, and I cannot do that. I just want a simple cloud based note taking facility. *sigh* Will continue to use Microsoft One Note for now (not that it's perfect - but at least I don't have to burn my data plan to jot a quick note or make a minor tweak to a file....)
See spreadsheets in list view only. Can edit only existing cells.  Can't add new columns or new sheets.  Can't use forms. Google!  Wake up!  Don't go Microsoft on us.
There is no rich editing to speak of for most Google Drive "apps"... I am not sure what the point of this app is. Google needs apps that sync with the cloud, much like the iWork / iCloud system... iWork mobile apps give a very rich editing experience and benefit from iCloud syncing.
Everyone for your own sake get drop box or any other cloud storage for that matter. Google drive does not sync work that you do onto your computer. For instance,  I wrote a 10 Page essay that was due today and saved it onto Google drive from my laptop. And I cannot access it from here drive app on my phone. This whole service is trash and it screwed me up in school.
I originally chose this office viewer app over other viewers because the stated size was 5.1mb. Yet once installed, it is 10.5mb! Since it can't be moved to the SD card, I simply do NOT have enough room to keep it...But Documents To Go 3.0 installed true to size (4.75mb on my device), AND was installed to SD card (I have App2SD installed, so not sure if Documents To Go 3.0 automatically installed to SD, or if App2SD did it for me).
I used to love, love this!! Now it's crap, I can't open a file anymore. Its just blanks, sends an error report, then blanks, sends an error report.... HATE THIS!!
Kinda crappy compared to the competition, though. And Google just isn't trustworthy anymore, so why share your files with them?
Why is Google so against letting their users download files from their account? Gmail app has the same issue.
When I open a file such as a pdf from google drive and annotate it using a 3rd party app, the changes aren't automatically uploaded to google drive. So, if I forget to save it and manually upload I lose all my work. This is a basic feature present in both box and dropbox, its astonishing it wasn't present at launch.  Also, there is no linux client.
Needs the ability to upload photos automatically from my Android device
Cupu ancur banget ini app. Lelet...
Only ever open this on long car trips. Dissappoint follows
Wtf?
If you have embedded image in document then you can't open this file in offline mode and Google drive application will crashes each time. This very sad.
I can't even log on since each time I highlight the passowrd field the keyboard disappears on my Lenovo K1 tablet. This tablet is good for very little except for reading stuff, since the user input interface is very buggy. Keys disappear regularly just then needed, such as the enter key when using the various terminals.  Result: I need to go back to my laptop for most real work.
Frequent crashes aside, the app loads the file from the flash card into memory when uploading. This causes files that are not trivial toy examples to fail.due to running out of memory. That makes the google drive app entirely pointless and utter rubbish. Doing uploads like this is incredibly stupid.
I like
I make a document and it STILL shows no items.
1. Can not move App 2 SD Card. 2. Can not upload multiple files/photoes/docs. Uninstalled.
I used to love this app because I would be able to see homework assignment and read on here but now with the Samsung SIII I cannot see my pdf s at all if I go through the browser it's fine butility the app don't. And also does not give me the option to see my documents through collection and that was the easiest for me. Pls fix
Used this for over a year without a single issue.  Upgrade to ICS and now is totally unusable.  Can't update spreadsheets from Drive or Chrome. Worthless.
On a Desire-Z, with querty keyboard, it ignores the modifiers, so you can't enter captitals, numbers, etc. that way. Definitely a deal breaker!
Can't refresh. Uninstalled.
Offline part is not so good. Excel editor is terrible. Please make more like dropbox!!!! I expect better from Google. Still I can't edit my excel documents. Htc incredible s.
Limited functionality. I downloaded to backup phone photos, but Drive only allows selecting one file at a time. Can't even create folders. Weak. Come on Google!
Would have been useful IF it did not crash every minute. And if you could see comments in docs.  Maybe later.
Ya. Looks got developed from outsource and selling free, zip file won't upload repeated tries with full cache on setting and have 25mb phone memory free though, zip is only 2mb. Bad experience sorry
Can't even create new folders...
Transformer Prime and it runs like molasses when simply trying to display a small spreadsheet (50-ish rows, 4 columns).  Unfortunately it only gets worse from there.  Editing is horribly clunky and in my experience it was prone to crashing.  Stick to desktop/laptops if you have to use drive/docs.  If you know that you're going to be editing or heck, even spending a lot of time viewing a spreadsheet then stick with MS office formatted docs and use one of the office apps from a third party (polaris, kingsoft, etc).   Your sanity will thank you.  Seriously Google?  What the frack...
When I try to start a gdrive account & tap on the space to enter my email, it fails to pull up my keyboard. What kind of crap is this?
Great functionality, really.  But seriously, Google: the main memory on my phone is very constrained, and this is a >11MB app (HUGE), which can't be moved to auxiliary storage. I expect this from third-party developers, but I would hope that Google could properly make use of the platform's features!  If you fix this (and I know you can), I'll re-rate this app MUCH higher.
Not being able to edit formatting renders this pretty useless unless all you want to do is view your document. Date formats keep reverting to US format.  It jumps rows so you can't edit the row you want. Very poor.
Everything I try to edit... ridiculous.
Could be usefull for viewing files, but too slow and lacking functionailty (no spellchecker?!) when creating documents.  Even copy/pasting is painfull. Uninstalling...
Useless till this is available. Dropbox does it. whats so hard to add an SD Card export feature.
You can't even download files in Drive to your device!
Takes minutes to open an empty folder....  Takes hours to open a folder with documents.  Dropbox is much better phone app.
it says "item not supported" "table not supported" on all my docs but one. they were all created with Google docs. its bad enuf that you cant edit move delete but i cant even read them!
Everytime i try to edit something the server fails.
Way too slow syncing compared to drop box not as feature rich as sugar sync disappointed in this app. I will wait for the next update if its still buggy I will uninstall
Can't download any material on the Nexus 7.
The concept and execution of it is OK except for the goofy feature to cache files (that you view) on your Android phone. The app's usage of this feature means you will not at times view the latest contents of a file. You can manually clear the cache in the app's settings, but I don't see the need to cache. I don't wanna clear it manually every bleeping time either. Another feature with problems is "sync". It's hit or miss sometimes. Love how Google Drive looks like another folder on the desktop PC and allows you to easily copy, paste, move, view, etc from that folder... but the two aforementioned "not ready for prime time" features are frustrating.
Why th f@@@k you need to read my contact data???? Do you want to know what time I go to toilette too? ??
just down loaded the app to my HTC and it want open an excel spreadsheet asdrive does not recognise the format. not much use to me if you cant view excel
I'm so bummed that Google would produce something so poor.  You can view the document, edit text (sometimes), but nothing else.  Forget downloading or anything else 'advanced' (i.e. not the easiest tasks).  I'm going to remove the app, because I know they'll fix it, but it's Documents To Go  for now.
App lock, folder creation and creation of documents offline are required to be considered replacing Dropbox. So far, not.
It is not intuitive. Move files from directories to others is not clear. But....
No multiple upload. Cant create folder. Useless. Shame!!
Can't create folders which should be a basic function. How about automatically backing up certain that folders like icloud?
Can't create folders which should be a basic function. How about automatically backing up certain that folders like icloud?
its no drop box. And editing a spreadsheet is like pulling teeth. seriously thought it would be better than this.
Being told that I can't view my Google docs from my mobile web but to download drive to view them is frustrating. The app takes forever to load and when it does you can't view the whole document.
Even when I'm not using it, the background process crashes.  HTC Thunderbolt, Skyraider ROM
I cannot even share files. Why this application cannot do that? I don't see any reason.
Wonderful
So far behind the web client, it is hard to believe. E.g. moving folders does not appear to be possible. Very slow.
The lack of auto capitalisation means writing documents is even more of a pain. The issue is just on drive, gmail etc is fine. Any idea how to fix it?
Pessimo
On tf300. Fix this please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What's the use of making documents available offline if I can't also edit them offline? Where's the crime in editing offline and syncing later?
Update You can only upload pictures and music. Cannot upload documents. Also, cannot create presentations...only word and spreadsheets. Pretty useless.  Original Is this a joke? The name and description suggests that it is a sync utility..but docs are not available offline.  May be a step in the right direction. But, it is too little too late!
Google drive works perfectly on other devices, but can not get it to sync any files to my phone.
What langue is this in?  Downloaded, but the tutorial is gibberish, and then you're left to guesswork.  Also didn't seem to actually work, either that, or it was trying to access a server on the other side of the planet.
What langue is this in?  Downloaded, but the tutorial is gibberish, and then you're left to guesswork.  Also didn't seem to actually work, either that, or it was trying to access a server on the other side of the planet.
k
It won't open my plain text files, and it won't directly open documents created with Google Docs on Chrome. It does work with PDF files. This makes it unusable, there's a big glitch somewhere and they haven't fixed it yet.  All the other criticisms enumerated here, also make this program far less valuable than DropBox for keeping synchronized data on your devices.  Google will fix it someday, but I wouldn't hold your breath... they'll need a big fire under their butts before they make this as good as DropBox.
It seems like a great app but it gives me some error when installing...please fix so I can give it a go....kyocera echo :)
Works on gingerbread but does not work on jellybean on nexus 7.  Won't sync or update.
Functionality is extremely lacking and errors occur with uploads. Will use Dropbox from now on.
Try agian, I am extremly upset how this takes up a lot of space and It is not 5MB. My phone is not that compatible and now I will just have to wait sadly. Google fix this for every one who's phones can't take this much space. Listen that I am one of those people that are ignored.
Can't save any simple pictures.  Hud freezes
Doesn't compare to Drop box. Always fails sync
This program/service is so Google like... Nice idea, but everything is done half-assed... For example: trying to download a video recording (recorded using a SGS3, uploaded to GD & then edited on PC) from my GDrive back to my phone, will only allow me to download some terrible quality post stamp sized video file on a device which does 1080p without break a sweat. Max cache size is only 250MiB (??), no option to save the cache on SD card as far as I know? And, I simply couldn't figure out how to download a simple 89MiB 720p video back to my device...huh.  I had to drop the video file into DropBox and my god how much better the DropBox is, I managed to download my file 100% intact in matter of seconds into any place I want. Nice!  Do yourself a favor and just get the DropBox if you just need to share files between devices.  As a added bonus, I shared my 89MiB video file to my two brothers (public link) from the GDrive webinterface. And I started to get error message telling me that my file has been accessed too many times, and in worst case I will have to wait 24hours before I can access the public link again? WTF? Three people using it a few times?  Thanks but no thanks.
Doesn't allow you to download files from google drive. Also force quits when I try to use it. I might as well just store stuff on Gmail.
Multi select available offline is missing, files saved to cache, no folder download. This app is not ready for prime time.
Opens up and every single word on the page is in thai!  there is not even a simple button anywhere that says 'change to english'!   clearly not a well thought out app.
Can't edit doc in the app. App needs a lot of work
As a paid google drive customer i am going to be objective and rate ig harshly.  1.I need to create folders 2. Upload pics to a certain folder. All pictures go to the root folder. 3. Instant picture upload. I like google+ but picada web albums lack the same features i am mentioning so i rather keep uploading my pictures in here. 4. I need gallery mode view 5. Swipe one photo to the next without going back to select another photo. 6. Streaming capabilities for videos!!
The first thing I did was to try to edit a text file. Can't save it! Offline file doesn't show up in file explorer, can only access it through GDrive. Wait a couple of months before trying this service.
Over 11 Mb installed and it can't be moved to SD.
Crashes when you try to view offline files. Unable to move files to folders created in the app, you have to use the web version to move files and the web version is not stable as well. Certain menu are grayed out.   I use this app mainly for offline access to my school docs. With the frequent crashes, it is certainly disappointing.
It keeps opening all my documents in my mobile browser instead of the built in editor which makes this app almost worthless to me. Please fix this.
when i try to watch a movie uploaded on drive after 2-5 minutes is crasing all the time. if the application will crash again and again it is USLESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHEN YOU TRY TO WATCH A MOVIE ON IPHONE WORKS INSTANTLY , ON ANDROID THE GOOGLE DRIVE FIRST DOWNLOAD THE VIDEO!!!!!!  BAD THING!!!!!!! HOPE REPAIR SOON TO STREAMING INSTANTLY JUST LIKE IPHONE. this application dos not deserve any star 0
Force closes ALL the time, and takes Forever to load! Please fix! </3
Heavy Google Docs user 1st time android user, picked up Nexus 7. Love the tablet , but Google Drive app is disappointing.  Opened up a document tried to perform a standard search for text within the doc. Couldn't do it.  Selecting text was also hit or miss, dialog and selection brackets won't come up half the time.  When I did finally select text, i noticed search comes up under the menu, but only allows search for then word selected, as soon as you type, dialog box disappears.  When fixed, I'll up rating.
I had to uninstall and reinstall to get a new folder I made on my desktop to show up.
Needs to be able to edit/create a file offline. there have been times, when I lose connection on my phone, and I can't edit or create a document even if the document is offline. It really sucks, especially if I'm on my tablet, and I want to create a new document when I don't have wi-fi around me. I find myself needing another app to make quick notes that don't require me to be logged in like color note. Color note even has a cloud service that can be linked to your google,facebook, email account. Google needs to work on this, and allow offline work and editing, and optional upload/sync
Would be good if you could send any type of file. Very limited, certain data files would be nice to upload since my nexus doesn't have a sd slot.
It makes your cell crash every 2 m
Why google decided to convert Gdocs to Gdrive is beyond me.. using Gdrive as cloud storage is horrid, not accessible from my Gnex, and just does not work.. removing all trapped files from Gdocs, sticking to DropBox and other "virtual drives"
The file I want to upload is on my memory card but the app transfers it to the phone memory before uploading it. I get an error 'system memory low' and then the app crashes. I've a desire so low on internal storage. Fix this Google please and sloppy design btw!
Not being able to arrange files into folders is ridiculous
Keyboard would start then stop working. It would disappear then reappear after a few seconds thinking.
I love Google and use almost all of their products but this app has got to be a joke. It is horrible. Trying to edit spreadsheets is impossible, you can't add columns, move cells, insert a row where you want. Google, are you serious with this...?
It would be nice if I could upload more than 1 thing at a time!
What's the point in having a app if its constantly crashing? Sh!!tole
Crashes on Samsung Galaxy S3
spyware anyone?
Sony Tablet S w/ICS The app will only show thumbnails for docs saved for gmail attachments. If I try to expand them, the thumbnails disappear.  I have better success accessing Google Drive form the tablet's browser.
Sucks.... The play back quality is horrible... When I upload something in HD.... It should playback in HD... Please add that feature !
You can't save to your phone (even stuff uploaded from the phone itself); if you share from the app, posts & emails go out empty, you can't flick through images in the same folder. Basically all you can do is upload stuff... and then hope it doesn't crash.
This is useless to me until i can export a file to my sd card like dropbox
This app totally sucks for my phone galaxy y..when editing a doc file, the text is very small, can't even read it..
Need improvement urgently. It always stop working.
I  can't access my documents. When I try to open them  I keep getting messages saying the document has moved but the link provided never works.
Immediately after install getting bunch of errors and crushes.  Very low quality software, feels like they don't use QA. Why Google software is such a low quality? On my galaxy tab plus, everything crushes, all the time, and the it's so slow, even with dual core, so tired of the terrible user experience  When it works it's just like any other  cloud storage product out there, somewhat limited in features, but that maybe due to first version, the major problem is quality. They should not release something that is not ready for prime time.
Takes too much space on my phone & cant even move it to SD card, and can't even edit docs?? Sorry, i'm just gonna use Dropbox
An extra 5gigs of storage is cool and all, but I mainly got it for OCR. But that doesn't work on the Exhibit II 4G. So for now this gets one star.
I downloaded Drive so I could simply move photos to my phone without having to hook it up physically. Unfortunately I am apparently only able to view photos through Drive and not actually save them to my device. Furthermore my photos didn't even show up no matter how many times I manually refreshed; new photos showed up only if I uploaded new documents to my drive, and those in turn only showed up if I repeated the process! What's the point, then?
For 2 times GoogleDrive Win app has crashed and it does not sync with the android version. It has no use. A shame for Google.
Excellent
HTC Incredible - causes phone to freeze up when switching between apps or chats.  Please fix; the concept is BRILLIANT!
This app is so clunky and buggy I cannot believe google puts their name on it.   What gives?   Submit button to edit a spreadsheet row...in an app?... seriously?
Why the hell can't you download files stored on g drive on your phone with this app??? Horrible, horrible and horrible
I dont understand why the version in iOS and Chrome OS has the offline editing feature but not Android. Very frustrating that I can only edit the file when I access to internet. Not recommended.
Can't do anything with it
Gt-p1000, app fails on launch
This doesn't work.  Cmon Google!
Nope.
Sometimes it just askes for password even if unregistered and my user name is written onthe top of the screen.  But it wont let me type. The keyboard opens and closes by itself. You can never know when will it happen, then I need to uninstall and install again.  Acer a500
Works incredibly well on my Galaxy S2, but its just a link to the mobile web on my tablet.
Why on earth do you have to hold the files offline? The whole point of dropbox is it simplifies moving files from Phone to PC and vice versa. I want to put an image or song into drive, then copy it to my music / gallery, not be FORCED into Drive to view / listen / edit whatever. Come on google this is the first bad review I have ever given you.
It keeps saying "insufficient storage available" everytime i try to download it i never had this problem before i have more than enough memory for the app.
I'm not able to create or edit a textfile, drive just crashes. When viewing text documents all I get to see is a blank page. The only thing I got working so far was viewing an shared excelsheet.
Offline files should be editable by any app!
I just want Skydrive on my Phone.
It shud learn alot from drop box. No folders. No easy ui. No ease of acces to options. Pls google atleast make ur apps butiful as u cant make android so.....!
completely unreliable on my Samsung tab, offline docs hang when trying to open, constantly keeps asking for pw every time I try to view a doc. very disappointing app.
Why is google lagging behind in cloud storage? This is seriously just a list of files.... No organization at all!  Pls let me create folders and organize my stuff and I would use this
How do you log out. When you close the app, you can just open it back at any time, well so could a thief if he or she steals your phone or tablet.
The Google Docs app was pretty good, while you couldn't comment you could view and edit well enough. Now? Editing seems to still work at least, but if I'm viewing a document and want to go to page 2? I have to zoom out, slide sideways to page 2, and zoom back in. That just might be the worst UI design I've ever seen. It's snazzy! But snazzy and useless is still, well, useless. Oh, and as far as I can tell you still can't comment. >.<
it's not work  i don\t see any file from my mobile
This is reminiscent of Apple and flash. G.. This is a really poor way to try to capture the mobile market. I would think you would want to offer all the features you offer on the desktop and then add more to bring folks over. Not gimp the service so people like me go elsewhere and move their docs to dropbox or the likes. Very disappointed. A fella like me expects that you all would at least offer most of the major features. Missed a deadline because I couldn't download a file from gdocs/drive. Not like that would be a hard feature to implement. If a fella didn't know better he would think you all were trying to force people to the cloud. I hate that word. Sorry for using it. Please correct this G!!!
Doesnt work like the pc version.
Frustrating!!!
Can.t save edited files
I originally uploaded my docs to view them on-the-go, but since this app rebranded from "Apps" to "Drive" the PDF viewer stopped working. Specifically, when I open any PDF only the first page is displayed and it's really tiny. Then, when I try to zoom in, the page completely vanishes from the viewer.   This worked wonderfully when it was Google Docs.  UPDATE;  I just tried to edit other xls and doc files and this whole app is now completely fricking useless.   BAD GOOGLE!
Terrible app. Unable to edit even the most simple of text files and ends up removing your files from the drive totally. Utterly worthless.
Come on guys we all know the problems. This takes up a lot of space. MOVE TO SD PLEASE!
docs sent to me on my gmail account cannot be opened, nor can i upload text documents from my phone (evo4, android) so i can edit them on Drive.  horrible for emergencies.
Please tell me why I  can't download or export the file to my  phone, it is much more worse than dropbox!!!!! indeed, it is a necessary function for cloud users.... pls fix it!!
I dare you to use this app to edit a spreadsheet. The docs implementation is horrible.
Cannot open documents on xperia x8 android 2.1... Only "moved temporarily here" message displayed, clicking on here opens an empty page... Useless...
Try viewing a gdoc, you'll get the sign in screen, but the keyboard will disappear before you can type your usr/psw.
I'm no idiot but at least with Docs you got an option to put your files in separate folders. Not impressed at all.
Always says unable to access drive at this time, oh well back to dropbox for me.
עדכון גרוע. אל תורידו!!! אין תמיכה בטבלאות, וכתיבת עברית מימין לשמאל.  עורך הטקסט דל.
i can't create folders :(
Now just force closes every few minutes on my Droid Charge.
Ok, so... how do I view multiple sheets in a doc? Help says to swipe, which does nothing. Get your sheet together Google before you release your stuff into the public!
Automatic photo upload like dropbox.   The only thing I use dropbox for is to make sure I keep a safe backup of all pics and videos.  I would happily replace dropbox with a pure Google service if it was equally as functional.  Unfortunately its not.
cant actually share files with anyone. can share only to other GMAIL users ??! crap
Google, I am not of one to complain about things; however, I am not happy with the way things have been with the Google.Inc Android apps.  It seems like you guys are thinking too much when it comes to the whole Google experience.  I want my Google Docs to be Google Docs, and I want my Google Drive to be Google Drive; do not merge them together. That is just ridiculous.  Another issue that I am having Google, is that you guys do not have a standalone Notes app.  You guys have the Google Scratchpad as a Google Chrome app, but not for Android.  What sort of madness is that?  This is the kind of inconsistency that I hate when it comes to Android.  If you guys do plan on beating Apple in the mobile business, then please pull yourselves together, and give the people some great Google app experience.
Doesn't allow an option to open files and save to mobile devices and when attempting to open files, an error appears saying there is no internet connection even when the internet/wi-fi is definitely activated.
Separates music album art from mp3. Why?
Okay for a start, but missing so many options. One particular issue i faced was the language. When i open a sheet on my computer everything is in English the way it should be, but when the same sheet opens on my Galaxy Tab 7.7, the menu and parameters are in Arabic, why? Why isn't there an option in the menu to change the language? Where does the application chooses its defaults from? I hope google fixes this soon. Cheers!
Are you kidding me google?
I was looking into moving from Dropbox to Google Drive. I really like the integration into the Android OS, the web interface, an the low price per month. However, two issues are preventing me from making the switch:   1. Crashes frequently: I'm on a Motorola Atrix running 2.3.4 and its very unstable. 2. It will not open text files on the device, it asks me which app to use. IMHO it should just use Google Docs.
This crapware has a known problem in which many users (including this one) cannot access their documents, instead receiving the message "document has temporarily moved". Google acknowledged the problem on 31 May on the Docs forum but it persists on this new version of the Drive app. May I suggest that instead of constantly releasing new versions of Android - before most people have even got the last one - they first make sure that their core apps actually work?
I deleted everything cuz I didn't needed anymore and still shows I'm using 35% of it
Lately it's been my largest internal app!!!! Either let me move to external SD or fix!!!!! Please revert back to the original Google Docs!!!!!!!
i uploaded my photos to this thing and it doesn't even have thumbnails for photos! Complete waste of time.
Slow and clunky. Dropbox may not give you as much space, but the user interface is FAR, FAR superior.
New folder!!! where is it?
Please make app size smaller
A file explorer must know how to cut/ copy and paste. If you provide concept "Folder", then please let me cut/copy/paste.
This keeps trying to install automatically and I don't want it.  Just because I have a gmail address does not mean I want anything else from you, Google.
No downloading option, uninstalling
Needs a lot of improvements droobox is much better Google needs to work harder here I'm thinking moving back to dropbox
Sdcard please.
What good is this cloud solution if I can't even download my own files?
I downloaded this app hoping to use it instead of Dropbox but when i installed it the app decided which email (Gmail ) to link with. I have no way to switch it and can not find any answers online. This is on a Samsung Galaxy 2 10.1 tab. Time to uninstall!! Boo!
You can't download from drive to your phone and, just like gmail, can't empty deleted item trash from app
Why can't I choose which folder I want to upload to??
Dropbox is way better than this. Come on Google
Using the documents to go app is a lot better and friendlier.
3 stars untill able to move to sd  10 mb take up alot on my phone
Editing documents especially spreadsheets is a headache-inducing rigmarole.  Google, you can do better than this lazy, half-baked excuse for an app.  Offers very little advantage over editing docs in the android browser which is its own form of cruel torture.
Look in the terms and services. Whatever you upload is their property after you upload it. This is what it says: "When you upload or otherwise submit content to our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such"
This app is totally useless due to absence support of FreeBSD/linux
I uploaded a video and it's quality is now just blurry. I'm heartbroken because now I can't share it with anyone and I don't have the original.
Documents I share from my Mac cannot be edited by applications on Android as they are read only.
Loved the old Google Docs. Now with Drive I get an error message stating "this file cannot be viewed from here"
I always like Google, have used gmail from the beginning. When Google released Drive, I moved all my files from other sources to Drive immediately, but... After using Drive for a few months, it's clear for me that Drive is much worse than Dropbox. First of all, it's the space. So funny that such a giant like Google can only provide 5 Gb with no option to increase it freely. Secondly, the functionally is worse and fewer than in other services such as Sugar Sync. Thirdly, the program works less stable than...
Still can't view any files. When trying to view a Google doc, it claims to be loading but spins forever.
Total productivity helper
Can't upload automaticly images videos from camera And many more expected features are missing
The editing improvements are useless when you risk losing data every moment of editing because Google refuses to emerge from its fantasy world where connectivity can be relied upon for important edits. I lost very important info pertaining to my wife's pregnancy... Now I know not to rely on Google Drive.
No security whatsoever. Would be nice to be able to password protect. Once that is done it still get a much better rating.
Can't see text when typing in landscape! Unusable! HTC desire HD,not ICS.
Needs more features like being able to make folders...  Can't replace drop box yet it just lacks to many simple features
If I could give this zero stars I would, just gives a blank blackscreen and locks up device.
On my xperia arc, it is using much battery power. Uninstalling...
Anything u upload becomes Google's! And they can modify and sell it.  Do not use this app
You must be online to use documents saved for offline use. Very poor update speed & capabilities. Takes up to 2 days for updates contour computer to sync with your phone.
Not a real app. Just opens the mobile site when you edit a file. Lazy work.
1 cant create folders(dropbox has this) 2 cant view images thumbnail(dropbox has this) 3 cant upload files in specific folder Etc etc
If I can't copy shared files to my phone's local directories, then what's the point?
TABLE NOT SUPPORTED every time i need to switch to my browser to view word docs which contain tables
Give us sync... I don't care about data consumption. What are all your lawyers good for.
Editing feature is weak..  Overall not great...
This has to be one of the most incompetent overlooked features in Mobile Google Drive's cloud service - not being able to download your files. Unbelievable. Switching back to DropBox...
I want the old Google Docs back. It loaded every time without fail, this sits forever waiting to load then loses half the data I had saved in the doc.
Not working errors s All the time
Uninstalled from my phone because it instantly went to Thai language.  If there is one issue with all google products it us how it always messes with the language according too the ip address not the system properties
I open it and can't edit. After a document is done fully loading it goes blank
Introduce it!!!
I thought this app would allow me to control my car through my phone. Why else would it be called Google DRIVE???
I thought this app would allow me to control my car through my phone. Why else would it be called Google DRIVE???
I now have the accessibility I love from Dropbox and the integration I love from Google. This makes me so happy it's kind of ridiculous lol. Thank you, Google! You just made my life a little easier.
Wonderful but..... Loading in internal memory only..... Unable to move it to my SD card.... This forced me to reinstall it.... Better if option given to install it on SD card....
I WILL AND CAN NOT UPLOAD 1500 FILES ONE BY ONE
Nice app but let down by the fact you can only make files available offline when you really need to allow making folders available offline, just spent 10min selecting 60 files I need offline.
I'm a huge supporter of Google products, but Drive has failed miserably. I was so confident I purchased 400GB plan which I have since cancelled. The system simply doesn't work. In addition, it makes you move your files into the Google drive folder to sync them... My files never synced. I have since switched to zip cloud due to it actually working.
So, you install, you select your photos an videos to upload. This is ok because you are using wifi. You leave the house and realise you cant stop this stupid app from using your data allocation and costing a fortune. I had to uninstall this after i got a message from my network. Then, back at home i tried rectify the situation and it started putting duplicate copies of all files on the drive. Its now a complete mess. I am stunned such a shoddy app was released in this poor state.
I have so many issues with the app. I really would like to go back to the old google docs app. I don't understand how the old app just opened the file without having to upload it. Now I have to upload it and sometimes it wont let me edit anything.
Desperately needs app2sd for us Desire users.  It's currently the largest app in my phone memory, and may end up being uninstalled.  Shame, as it's a good app.
Evo 4G: Unrooted. Can't upload any video files to my drive... Even small ones. My phone storage goes from 61mb free to 0mb free whenever I try to upload then fails out. I have to reboot to free up the lost space.
as much as i love the "Google experience", this app just doesn't do it.  the most important feature which this app lacks is the ability to download  entire drive folders. like someone already stated, i do not want to rummage  through 50 different files in different folders and tick checkboxes all day long.  PLEASE google, we BEG you!!! when you do things, do them RIGHT!!!
"***G docs is nw a part of G drive***"
Here the Q is; Explain *
Nothing is accessible it seems on Android 2.1. I have tried on two phones with same OS still nothing. All I get is a 'Document has been moved' error.
It needs new version for android 2.1! Because I can't read my ''google documents'' there is non-functional link to moved document. I'm disappointed.
This is absolutly useless on mobile.... u can not share "links" of folders nor files!!! Waste of time .. after uploading 2 GB of files!!!
This app is now useless because it will not display files that have not been modified recently. Now I can't pull up old information when needed. Switched to dropbox and problem solved.
Won't install
This app is too big to install on my phone. Please allow it to be installed on SD
Big Headache of crash at every 5 min.. tired !! Do something fast !
Goood!!!!!
I hope Google will increase the size in future. Sky Drive is a strong, healthy competitor.
After uninstalling, it keeps automatically downloading itself but not installing. Cannot get rid of it. Would not recommend.
Rubbish. Why doesn't it load up on my phone despite being installed? so poor, sort it out Google. this app is useless,
This app used nearly all the spare memory on HTC Wildfire and some reason cannot be moved to SD card so I had to uninstall it straight away.
This is a useless app, waste of space!!!
How does it work!?
PHOTO to document editor doesn t work. Besides that app is freezing non stop. Uninstalled
Once again Google tries to copy someone else and only goes halfway. The UI isn't just spartan, it's completely devoid of anything helpful or necessary. Drive is unable to download/copy entire folders to or from the device making it useless for syncing large amounts of photos or music. Without the ability to view thumbnails it's cumbersome and slow for large amounts of photos. The Android functionality is poor. A folder with a hundred files requires that you copy every item manually. The minuscule amount of storage space also makes it hardly worth notice. If you don't already have Dropbox, you're better off using manual USB syncing, or email, to manage and share your files. Drive is another failed Google experiment that never should have left the lab.
When google changed from docs to drive i was excited. But i can't open docs anymore. Mytouch
Same issue as other GTab 10.1/8.9 users - I click on a doc yet it takes me to the login page, from which I can't login from, making the doc inaccessible.  Please fix! GT P7310
Files are encrypted. No access to files on phone or memory card. No auto upload feature.
Tried to backup all my pics from my phone, got about 15 in and now continuously crashes if I try any more. There should be a way to automate backup like dropbox.
This is not a review - how do you update files when you edit your documents on the mobile app. So far, my phone can't sync TO google drive online. All my editing done on my mobile was undone.  I'm updating a xls file, not a gdoc file btw.
Crashes Gmail. Don't upgrade.
Takes really long to start and it doesn't let me view any of my documents.
'Document temporarily moved' always leads to blank page. Pointless. Separate Docs app was good but this doesn't let me access my docs.
Another space-eating monster from Google. Why bother using this when there is Dropbox?
This app is sitting in my phone memory and happily eating lion's share of my phone memory. Very painful to know that
Is this app supposed to do anything? I get a nearly-blank screen, no help, no functions, nothing. What am I missing?
And won't let me edit my docs
Best but dropbox is better bcoz of its design...
Quite a disappointing experience on my Samsung Galaxy Pad. Could only open one off-line document at a time. The changes I made and saved in the document didn't sync with the cloud. Uninstalled.
And the help files are no help on this issue at all. was happy til now.
It's not possible make multiple selection of file.. It''s not possible create a folder..  I hope google release new Drive, this version is shit!
Installed this on my main windows 7 professional computer, windows 7 netbook, asus transformer prime tablet and samsung galaxy. It started resynching all 4GB every time i would restart the netbook. It took forever to update to new files because of this. When I tried to download and read pdfs on the tablet, they would flicker and not scroll correctly, although I had set them for offline viewing. In total, disappointing! I installed microsoft skydrive, which has been working perfectly on all devices, and also gives 7 GB free.
It cannot be less useless and terrible. One thing we expect from a file-sharing app is to enable us to download a file from the cloud and save it where we want. This app not only doesn't provide an option about file destination, but also stores the file in the least accessible place on SD card (Morphy's law in action!!) plus you are able to move the file!!!
Spreadsheet is very bad
One of the apps I use the most!
Works for whole 5 seconds before being closed. No help from google in any way.
Until it matches/exceeds the features Dropbox has, I'm gonna keep using Dropbox.
Nothing sync anymore. Has been a week.  I love Windows phone.
The app won't allow me to update all the cells in my Excel sheet that was created in Google Docs. Definitely a 100% thumbs down. Not worth it, even if it is free.
Kept failing to upload files. Crashed repeatedly and finished by wiping all data on phone! Awful app.
Keep saying that docs Moved Temporarily and I can't view them. Problem start after reboot. Fix by uninstall + install. HTC Legend stock 2.1
I can't download the file from own drive and instead I only can make it available in offline? WTF design is this? disappointing to this stupid idea.
I cannot download file which shared from my brother.
It shows the content with missing files and folders. Even if I try to refresh it, it wont display my files all together.
I love this on and off if my phone. I never worry about losing a file to power outages or even a corrupted harddrive.
Table couldn't edit in my ASUS Prime tablet.
Can upload only one picture at a time.
No true cloud share makes this pointless. Back to dropbox
Can't open pdfs say file path not found and constantly crashes , disappointing ,why do they force us to change from Google docs which worked to drive which clearly isn't developed properly...
The spreadsheets in particular are inredibly clunky.  The interface interferes with work, rather than facilitating it.
not compatible w/ 10.5 ... not using it.
Breaks the sync on my phone:  calendar didn't update, signal bars lose their color, etc.  Uninstalled and all is well; reinstalled and it's broken again.
On my Galaxy 8.9 it won't let me login. The drive shows me all my documents but when I try to open one of them, it takes me to the login page. Then it will not allow the keyboard to display.
Can't amend presentations in Google Drive :( SonyX10  rediects to white page when i try to open file
ive a galaxys2, browsing my files is ok, but when trying to open a file, it display lines only
Причина в самом большом минусе - нельзя сохранить файлы на карту.  Как следствие можно открыть только одну часть архива.  А если в нем больше чем одна часть, то распаковать его нельзя.  Даже если пометить как off-line и потом найти все части в кэше через файл менеджер.    А файлы вообще можно сохранять?  Я попробовал редактировать xls в двух популярных программах, обе сказали, что файл сохранен.  Файл был помечен как offl-ine.  Но изменения были полностью потеряны.
This is going to change computing as we know it
Dropbox is better at the moment - it actually works. This one seems to have selective memory with folders I created. They are visible on the desktop but oddly gone from the mobile version. Stick with Dropbox until these guys work out the kinks... unless you are okay with losing your files as part of a beta test.
I have 10+ thousand of files in Google Drive, and noticed my battery meter said Google Drive was eating up my battery with the App just running in the background.  Please fix this issue.
Sorry Google but I am staying on Dropbox.   1: With the drive app I can't choose where I want my files downloaded to. I want to designate a folder on my phone where the offlien files gets posted into and not some arbitrary folder I can't find otherwise. Its just bad practise and not making Drive ease of use.  2: You can't "offline" an entire folder.   Once those 2 issues are fixed I will contemplate giving your app anotehr try but for now its nogo for me....
funny. it would be better off without spreadsheet than unfinished ugly one.
This is worth to have on ur phone
I cannot edit and save my spreadsheet from my phone. And I cannot upload anything that isn't a photo! Frustrated and disappointed because this had potential to be a great help to me. Samsung  galaxy S II
Fails to upload documents, takes a lifetime to sync, is huge in size compared to similar apps & can't be moved to memory card ... come on Google, you can do better than that. XPERIA ARC
Go for sugarsync.
* Google Docs disappeared from my phone * Upsell to a paid service * The mobile app is inferior to the Web app  * Google Docs disappeared from my phone The "Memo" app from Samsung/ATT phone sucked. Notes were not synced. I put an Application Shortcut to Google Docs on my home screen, and created a TODO doc.  Chose solution because: - Backed up free by a big company - No reading small app descriptions - Avoid Yet Another Backup Agreement - Under active development  Used it for weeks, liked it. Needed my TODO list, clicked the Docs icon. "The Application is not installed". Took extra time to "fix" it. Found Google Docs has been automatically replaced!  * Upsell to a paid service Must open Drive, and agree to Terms, including a fee if I go over a skimpy 5GB.  * The mobile app inferior to Web app - Lacks Intra-document search! Can search from the list of docs, you cannot search within an open doc! Opened Doc. Clicked the Android hardware search button. Nothing. Tried the context menu. No search. The Web version of Google Docs at very least offers the browser "Find" function. - Can't make shortcut to a doc on home screen. Tried from home screen, Docs list, and Doc.
Now Google wants to crawl all of your documents and cache them. Big brother is at it again!
This app has the same issues as google docs:  cannot view uploaded Vids without having to download them to phone, even if set to offline viewing.  What's the point then? (of either offline during or this app?)  Also, editing excel sheets doesn't work for me.  I keep a budget and the mobile version doesn't allow for editing of formulas and adding values to preexisting cells.   HTC evo 3d, Android 2.3.4
Because it would not let me move the app to the SD card! Android phones are an inconvenience due to the use of 2 separate memory storages.
Has an option to make available offline, but I can't save it to any folder. Dropbox can save to SD.
Can't create Folders Can't move files  Slow to update and upload   Needs more real work!
As far as I know if you gotta good android phone( like the droid 1 I am using the now) with a good microphone google voice is much better than siri with much larger installed user base and better overall accuracy. Google could really pull ahead by having andoids "lock onto" your voice and filter out noise using 4+ mics.
The editing is so bad it is unbelievable. You actually have to go into edit mode row by row in a spreadsheet, and the buttons keep changing position... It is just like the 1 line editor edlin that came with DOS 30 years ago.... Fail
Always crash on Galaxy Note - ICS
takes too long
Useless. All my documents show up blank. Removed this massive app. Orange San Francisco.
Useless while you can only upload file by file
The whole point of such a service is sharing files across multiple devices.  And this is where Google Drive fails miserably.  I wasted quite some time packaging a folder of files to share across my 3 PCs only to find out that there's no way for me to have access to these files on my Android phone and tablet, so all my efforts went down the drain.  I have several hundred files organized in a dozen folders.  The only way to access them on my mobile devices is via a PERMANENT VERY HIGH SPEED mobile connection.  If you want to keep these files on the device, you have to  MAKE THEM OFFLINE ONE BY ONE!  Hundreds of them individually!  Insane! No way to make entire folder offline, or even multiple files.  Every time you add any file, you have to go through the menu and make it offline.  If you forget, you can't access your files.  I understand that Google is trying to push us from our devices to the network (in cahoots with carriers) , but this is beyond insanity!  So, forget about Google drive if you have a data cap.  Or if you have large files.  Forget about it if you ever travel (either no connection or roaming).  Just forget it!
This needs the ability to automatically sync and download files to an offline folder.
Can't use it without getting a runtime sync error. Samsung epic4g
Get error telling " document moved here temporarily" clicking the link does not show up anything.
Now that it is advertised as an any format cloud, this cannot be a high star app anymore. Better, free services are out there.
Get rid of them and make this more like what you get when you access from your PC. I am really disappointed with some of Google's recent privacy infringements.
Made spreadsheet available offline and I still can't get it to load more than 250 rows.
I thought this app would allow me to sync photos to my desktop, but it doesnt.
I hoped to sync my music from my desktop to my phone but since you can't sync an entire folder in one go this is completely impractical. Also, it is not clear where these files are being synced to so I can't point my music player to the folder in any case. Altogether a lot less useful than dropbox with dropsync.
If it can be done in gmail app, why the hell cant i move files into folders? If your going to make an app at least let it do most of the basic options from the web version, i have to load up Android browser to move files to folders??? Its a basic function...
No App2sd, so I have to uninstall im afraid. Takes way too much space on my already cloaked internal memory on my Nexus One.. (remember that one google?)
Whenever I try to send multiple files to my google drive, it just crash and forces me to close the app. I use and HTC LEGEND.
Uploading multiple files?
Can't edit all the cells in the spreadsheet. Can't export files in an editable format. Don't know what happened as it worked perfectly before.  Installed :(
I need an option of making files offline like in the desktop version. Or atleast give us the option of making particular folders offline. Also need feature to sync folders on Android to Cloud. Unless these features are present, it's pretty much useless.
Better than many Should have feature of showing images & videos in gallery format
Sucks big time when using multi factor authentication. It asks for the verification key, but doesn't allowvthe keyboard to pop up and crashes when you try to paste the value.
Closes immediately on my device, sticking to dropbox.
Can't make folders offline, can't export file to sdcard like dropbox can do, and some other frustrations that I don't remember right now..
the app is nothing！tons of online documents apps out in market！ google should be better, not just change a good name！ by the way, "editor's choice？", you are kidding me, right？ they propably never download google driver at all！
It keeps unmounting the SD card, which then requires a restart to mount again.
I love this for work. Concept is great but when you touch the cells it opens others. Therefore not very productive. On top of that it's EXTREMELY SLOW!! PLEASE FIX!
Yet another example of Google horrid programming. Can't view documents, crashes constantly, totally unreliable on their own platform.
When I trying opening file I get a "Moved Temporarily" white screen with a message "your document has moved here" Clicking "here" does nothing.
I was hoping this would work so easy with the phone. And one day back up my entire phone with one click. Google has fallen short here. I use minus and its much easier and way more space. Guess I will stickwith them until Google gets this ironed out. The ui is terrible, very few options, and can't upload entire files, only one by one. Useless. Take a look at minus to see how Google fell short.
Offline mode not working - you can't edit or view documents offline. Sync is cumbersome. Interesting concept, but app needs a lot of more work on it.
I was excited to try this out.  I created a spreadsheet on my computer in Google Docs, ensured I had it available offline on my tablet.  Where I went has *gasp* no internet service.  You would think that if something is available offline, you could edit it offline and then sync the changes once you get back online... well this proved to be completely false.  So I enabled the WiFi hotspot service on my smart phone, and was able to connect, although because of the conditions (inside a big concrete industrial building at the outskirts of town), my service was less than desirable.  So I opened up my spreadsheet again, figure out how to edit (not exactly seamless BTW), plug in the changes I need to make as I collected the information, hit the Submit button, and everything appears hunky dory.  Now I get home, and I see that only the last change I made was successfully submitted, and the version on the tablet is sync'd with the online version with no way of getting back all the changes I made before.  Needless to say, I'm thoroughly unimpressed.
app is too big for what its worth.
Droidx on Verizon. Drive started great, worked great for awhile, then locked up 3 times in a row, requiring removal of battery to reboot! 3 times! 3 STRIKES!
Unfortunately this is not ready app yet. 1. You cannot make offline folders. So if you sync 200 files, you have to make the offline one by one!! 2. You cannot "save as...", as it possible for example in Dropbox (Export). I'm very disappointed about buying additional space in Google Drive. Urgently needs updates!
Wont allow you to use your existing desktop account because its yahoo email and not gmail
Can't select cells in desktop view to edit spreadsheet. Also tried on Galaxy tabs, same problem. The old Google Docs worked better, but no longer available. Google, you guys SUCK!!! Why even bother releasing something that doesn't work. Your over paid monkeys have lots to explain.
Everything you upload belongs to Google. Beware of this!
I cant move files from my drive to my phone.....i wonder what's this use for.  Update please, cause i'm going tp uninstall GD and reinstall dropbox
very disapointed it does not work on vodafone smart tab 10. The app opens and works for about 10 seconds then crashes. I have sent through many reports but so far google has given me no support.
I was unable to save any changes made to my spreadsheet document, rendering this app completely useless.
Dropbox and Box. No image preview, no internal image viewer, file management is difficult at best. It uploads and downloads files, and they're stored in the cloud, that's about all it does. I'll keep giving my money to Dropbox.
Says storage is full even though I have one file under it so much for 5 gb
Drive is the worst thing they've done in years. Sync didn't work at home, Docs crashed every time at work, and I just ditched Drive completely after 2 weeks of fighting with it.
It doesn't work worth crap. Files do not appear from desktop. Chrome is the slowest browser on the internet. I wanna like google. Telling us that they own our documents and files was a bad move. Are you f****** retarded google?
With such a large footprint and no option to move to SD card I had to remove it without ever having used it...  You'd think Google would know the drawbacks in their own software and work around it...
Not working
Hate that it does not let me keep a file local to my phone so I don't have to reload all the time, especially when I don't have signal.
Cannot store a folder offline and also the app fails to show all my folders in primary drive view. Given it doesn't show all my info I consider this broken....using search does not display folders in results which is different from desktop version and confusing.
It reads "your documents will appear shortly " but never comes!
App crashes in ICS Galaxy Note. Even more, the spreadsheet editor is really bad.
its ok another typical google service that has no support
I thought I was saving myself from unnecessary apps by going with google docs, now google drive. The offline file is a great idea. I also agree that it's a poor design that I have to designate one by one which file/picture to be available via offline.  But, what's more frustrating is that offline files take the same loading time as "live" files. I set my cache to maximum 100mb, hoping that that would solve the issue. And, no matter what I do--just make 1 text file to be available offline--it takes good 5-20 seconds for offline files to show. Furthermore, when I am not connected to any network (3G, 4G or WiFi) the message "you cannot edit this file" shows at the top of my note.  I know that I am off the network and that's specifically why I chose a particular file to be "offline." I do not need to be reminded. And please, please fix the offline delay issue. Why would I choose offline option when I have a network connection? It's for those times when I am 3 floors down, no WiFi connection available; this is the very moment I need my files to be OFFLINE!
Dropbox feels a lot more like an extension to your phone memory.  Google drive needs the same organizing
Takes up too much space
Needs to be more like the drop box app. I need to REALLY be able to manage my cload files on the go. Has the world of potential. I do love how everything is conning into place with google
I cant move this to my SD card. That = uninstall.
Cannot read any docs on Android 2.1!!!!!  Return me back the original Google Docs APK!!!!!!
You can't create or edit files offline making this app next to useless if you are on a flight  or on the underground or in any situation where you might not have internet access, for example if you have switched it off to conserve battery you can then no longer work on your documents. Utterly frustrating and pointless omission which could be so easily resolved.
If it is a "drive" then i should have some file related operations.. otherwise.. it should be called.. sharing service with associated applications.. to much of MS touch.. if you asked me.  For whatever reason, i need to have a sipmle way to save file locally at defined location.. without answering questions what i would like to do with it..
tables not supported for previously created google docs? Bad bad Why wouldn't google fully support one of there own features. Found another app that does. Get myDocs
With the new version I cannot open docs to read let alone edit.
Reduced my battery life from 24+ hours to less than 3. My phone (Incredible) felt hot for three days until I uninstalled this.
Really disappointing app for mobile it doesn't include batch uploads direct from application and integration sucks when an option to upload it shows only gallery and music...why not file browser.....not expected this dirt from much hyped product of Google.....i would give negative star if possible Most needed service is able to create folders and organize online
Read the reviews, Google drive for Android is pathetic
I used this android app to edit a google doc spreadsheet, and when I opened it the next day, none of the changes had been saved. That was a lot of work I can't get back.
Folder sync is a must have. I can't they missed it.
Drive will not let me email doc as an attachment. Typical Google "upgrade" to take features away.
I get an error when trying to view my documents.
Let me start by saying I'm a huge google fan.  I love most everything they do.  That being said the app I can never get to update on Motorola photon unless I uninstall it and reinstall.  It keeps the same folders, when I add a new one on my comp it shows online but not on the app.  I have sync turned on and everything ... also no auto upload
Tried going on the site with my Google Android phone and it's doesn't support android that made me lol quite alot lol, also I can't do nothing on this app so why release it..
I don't know..
This app is crap, takes me forever to modify spreadsheets, wont let me select the proper line, takes forever to select anything. User interface is terrible. Why not make it like a computer UI with touch screen? this is terrible. I have to end up using my google docs on my pc instead of this.
Needs lots of improvement. Dropbox still stands tall.
Sux big time. Dropbox still the best.
Unable to open note since update to Google drive. Crash when trying to open. LG Prada
Just saw my drive is available and wanna to try it. Just trying to upload a video from my pc and download to my phone but I have to wait for it to be processed? And how long do u need to processe a 7.5 mb video? It's over an hour and still not able to make it offline which is the only option there seems for download. WTF!!?? So disappointed.
Cant download, what a sad thing, even "mark offline" also not working, I can't view my picture.
Cant sync memos from phone whit google drive it worked only whit google docs
Cant sync memos from phone whit google drive it worked only whit google docs
Was waiting for it a long time. The only thing I want is an option to secure it with a pin code.
Added files on the PC app and they don't appear on the Android app. Pretty useless.
If I place "=" in a cell and than select the other cell, I'm expecting the other's cell address to appear in formula!!! it is sooooo simple!  The app is useless without this feature
Very disappointed.  I don't get why google would release such a lousy Android client for google docs.  It's so functional on the PC, but on Android you can't even change the font size in your document. The font size? What kind of word processor doesn't change the font size?  No wonder Android is hurting so badly in the tablet market.  They're still making apps aimed at very undemanding phone users.
The newest update is terrible for my Evo Shift in document. The shift and FN buttons don't work, even while holding them down while typing.
I liked Google docs but Android Drive seems to have gone backwards.  I can't find a way to set a category for an already loaded file.  Please tell me i've missed a trick and how i can do it!
I cant switch account on my sony tablet , theres no option button for me toadd account.
Ugh, hardly works on my samsung captivate at all. Won't capitalize letters in landscape mode, and it took me forever to get into it because it wanted me to verify my identity but wouldn't let me type in the text boxes provided.
Useless until they provide batch or whole folder uploads
Before the update,  I could edit a file offline.  Last night,  the app "lost network connection" and refused to let me edit OR save what I had...  on a file already tagged for offline use! $FAIL
Crashed after a few minutes.
I'm a developer and I want to open cpp files, Drive doesn't honor apps that have registered themselves as handlers for cpp files, this sucks.
As with all Google apps, no move to SD card shows their OS flaw (9mb file).  #fail
It just doesn't synchronize all the folders that I have in my PC, actually, it only shows one folder in the phone when I have 7 in my PC. I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S.
Crashes
Can't see contents of documents. Can only see content when in editing ode
Unable to edit ANY Google document file on the web. Until that's fixed, going to use Dropbox and Windows SkyDrive.
When using Google I sometimes feel as though I am back in the early 1990's. Even basic things are a struggle. I am using a Galaxy Tab 10.1, and find it increddible that I am not able to upload a folder to Drive. What sort of mentality allowed such a basic function to be Omitted? For that reason I can only give it 1 star. I would have given it no stars, but I was unable to submit my review without first selecting a star.
Documents not opening and crashing, Gtab 7.7
Any photo I synch doesn't download properly and then displays as black or crashes
With no offline file browsing function(or not so clear how to do it..) dropbox it's absolutely better, ant I think it's not so useful. From the gui I've no information on how to manage offline content. I go to the /mnt/sdcard/Android/data/astrangefoldering/myofflinefile.jpg I try to open it and I can't see anything.  :-(
Yet another google app that won't fit on my phone, does not allow app2SD.  How can google who write the operating system continue to produce these apps that require 10 times the resources of what other authors produce, yet does less. App installs to 8.73MB, immediately claims 144KB extra for data, and 252KB for cache (which can be cleared).  Functionality is limited, but simple is good to use.  Just no good unless you have much more app storage than my Blade.
functionality so limited its almost not worth having,  I hope they make this a lot better soon,  make sure it can do everything drop box can for a start!
Drive without creating folder is of no use
Honestly, this app is terrible. I'm an author, and there are so many things that this app doesn't support. There's no capitalization, no symbols such as quotation marks and apostraphe's, and all together very messy. I miss the old docs app :(
WTF... I can't open it in China. Should fix. It is a serious problem.
And slow, seems to be stutter when updating the document list. Needs to be sorted.
I will not upload files one by one, I have hundreds of them...
The TOS state that google can save my text messages phone numbers n phone call log and use them for advertising. F-no
Can't edit documents without screwing up the WHOLE thing!!!
I hope all Google Drive users do realise that uploading any documents or files to it means giving Google full acces to them and fully allows them to post any of those files anywhere they want? On Dropbox your files are yours, on Drive those files become Google's. On Dropbox your filea can only be used by you, on Drive Google can use them however they wish to.
Always failed to retrieve updated files.
Google drive is a joke! Store reader digest and made it offline, but each time i want to open it, it takes almost 5 minutes to  load the full whole magazine! Ive no problem when i didnt make it store off line as it will open instantly but there r time i have to redownload it for no reasons. Sticking back to dropbox and microsoft skydrive. Transformer Prime user (fastest tabletfor now) here by the way
I have yet to be able to view my Google Drive documents from my Motorola Triumph. :(
Upload needs a lot of work...cant even upload or move a file into a folder?
Can't get it to sync , wildfire s.  seems like a good app but dropbox is more reliable at the moment
Installed thus worked great three times then quit now it can't find my browser but then Google can't find it either - so I use Bing.
does not even compare to microsoft skydrive. skydrive is much better and like  the easy integration of skydrive with microsoft office.
This app suddenly appeared on my device. I have auto update disabled for all apps. Uninstalled and now its back. *V*l*R*U*S. google. STOP force installing your data mining apps onto *MY* device.   Rate at -5 for installing WITHOUT MY FICKING PERMISSION.
Doesn't do much.  Extreme app size.  Won't install to SDCARD.  Made by Google?  Must be their new hire.  Fail!
First of all, there is no way to  access your downloaded folder on your phone. That's dumb. I have emails and attachments on my phone that I'd like to share.  Trying to get around this problem, I copy and pasted the document text into a Google doc, but drive is still an unstable app. It crashes with a invitation letter that had no more than 400 words in it. Fail.  Google: let me upload from my downloaded folder, improve the app, needs better stability
I thought I would be able to use this to EDIT pre-made files (.docx) Not view them, edit them. I can't seem to do that without starting over. It would be nice as a feature to have so I can write my reports for school, or work, or create graphs and charts on the go!
Spreadsheet editing is one of the most painful things I'll ever do using Google Docs/Drive on Android.  It is absolutely FUBAR and should be completely replaced by a spreadsheet client that is optimized for mobile use where users don't have to putz around to add columns and rows.  Rows and columns should already be there for users to select and enter data as they see fit.  At this time, this app is completely unusable for people who actually need to get things done using the spreadsheet editor.  You have to refresh for data you "submitted" to appear in a row that you had to "add."  Google, are you serious?  Using SkyDrive in browser gets more done though you have to use the formula bar in Office Web Apps Excel to enter data, but at least you don't have to add a row and go without the option of adding a column and you don't have to reload anything for data you just entered to appear.  This is disgusting.
But still prefer dropbox
Had to uninstall as it used up too much internal memory .  Needs to run off SD card .
Had been looking forward to this app, but read the T&C's and Google own everything you upload... That's right they OWN it and can do what they want work it.
Can't create folders, offline files are stored in hard to find location and aren't visible to other apps, needs pin security
Same function as Dropbox, it shows actual file size so it's good for mobile data. Sort files by folder and name so easy to find the docs you need. Overall, it does the job well !
Very sad! Seriously, why can't you fix this. Tables used to be visible in doc files, but not since the last version before the switch to Drive. I need to see tables again! Why's it taking so long to fix this?
I would use this app, except for the fact that this app sucks. Will check up in a few months to see if this app is changed to actually be useful. For now, I'll wait.
Doesn't open on Galaxy Note. Location: Beijing, OS: 2.3.6
Stop rebranding every five seconds. And when you do, at least replace the old icon on my home screen with the new one. It's frustrating having to hunt through all my apps for the new icon, especially when I don't know the new name.
Constantly crashes when uploading making it virtually unusable and 'no Internet' messages all the time even though on wifi and all other apps can connect X10i
Samsung galaxy mini doesn't have camera on widget :(
Plus, the terms of service are unacceptable. Uninstalling.
Google, I love you, but you've got to be kidding with this... 1. Have you read the TOS on what they can do with your files? 2. No password protection so anyone who gets their hands on my phone can have their way with all of my files! I'm sticking with Dropbox, thanks.
I tried to upload some videos over wifi. It blocked my phone, and used all my memory. I had to reinstal my rom to get the phone working again. Same happened when I tried to upload on the pc. It used all it's resources. Also I tried editing on my computer like you do on dropbox and found that it does not sync all the changes deleteing file for example will not sync. Also some added files could not be uploaded despit I ha 100 gb space free.  For a service you pay money it's totaly unusable. I'm sorry I payed
Won't let me upload anything.  Pdf, doc, zip all fail...
How difficult that could be? Come on! Am I supposed to make files offline one by one? Joiking, right?
How difficult that could be? Come on! Am I supposed to make files offline one by one? Joiking, right?
No live sync, took me 6 hours to get a file on my phone. No save to SD card option. Dropbox is 100% better.
Strangely cannot open documents using this
Read the privacy statement.  It says everything that is uploaded to google drive belongs to google!!!! and google and it's partners have the right to use all content and info. Use drop box guys.
Read the privacy statement.  It says everything that is uploaded to google drive belongs to google!!!! and google and it's partners have the right to use all content and info. Use drop box guys.
I dnt lyk this app whatsoever. What happened to regular google docs? Google drive is a dumb idea messed everything up for me.
There is no app2sd for an app made by google itself. Using too much space
How the hell do you switch accounts!?
Useless to me as I use Linux. Impossible to collaborate with someone whoit's using Linux.
NOT SURE IF I AM MISSING SOMETHING, BUT ALL MINE DOES IS WANT TO BE FORCE CLOSED
There is no copy of the data on the SD card. This means you cannot plug the phone into a computer and access the data in your drive account.
Exactly the same as the mobile web page but with offline VIEWING only. And its more like 9mb, which is annoying on Desire.
Tons of glitches in just the spreadsheet. Please correct and improve.
Hard to find recently modified files, was so easy before converted to google drive.
Does not support .doc format. Tried to open microsoft word document but didn't
Can't edit docs.... what's the point then?
After upgrading from Google Docs to Google Drive, I have lost the ability to read the contents in the tables in my Google Documents from my mobile phone. Big oversight. Please fix it soon.
On the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 I open up a doc. and it takes me to a sign-in page with the blue rotating swirl loading at the bottom.
Compared to the desktop app, the Android google drive client is a joke. You can't sync directories, you can't create directories, you have to upload files one by one, and even then, there's no option to select the directory you want them uploaded to. They all end up in your root directory. Crashes frequently when attempting to upload many files at once. Lacks all reasonable options, like limiting upload when you're not on WiFi. The DropBox client is light years ahead of this ...
Perhaps I'm doing it wrong. But I thought "offline" meant just that: offline. At this moment my phone is indeed offline, as I'm in a building with no cell signal. When I try to access a supposedly offline document, the app throws an error: "Please make sure you are connected to the Internet..." Uh, what? Has the defiinition of "offline" changed when I wasn't looking?
I can't download my music from drive and play it with my phone music player. Kind of irritating, pls allow us to download our music or at least let us play it with our music player rather than the integrated one
If you use it, they own all your files which they can use to promote and sell their products. No security.  Skydrive is the best out there so far.
Opens Google doc? Half backed. I guess, google is taking beta solution to extreme
I loved it at first. Still love google docs, but at a time of need to view and send my husband's resume, it force closes! Really!? Argh!!!
Where did Google Docs go? I want it back, why? Because it actually worked on my android phone!  This new crappy version doesn't let me type in numbers and doesn't know what tab means.  BRING BACK MY GOOGLE DOCS!  If something ain't broke, don't fix it til it is!
Terrible UI with no obvious n easy way to download a file to my device. With dropbox it's a simple export to sd card. Yet another Google fail!!
Giving up too much in the TOS.  It's my stuff not Google's.  I'll decide who gets to see it.
Google docs was so great, now it's changed to Google drive I can't open any of my documents anymore it just constantly syncs.
The old app google docs worked great, now changed to google drive and my docs won't open-- error. Wish I could just get simple docs back :(
Useless because files such as epub cannot be opened with any reader. Even offline ones stay in inaccessible /data/data dir, and cannot be copied to sdcard.
Whatever you upload onto Google Drive becomes the property of Google and they can use it in what ever way they like! This is stated in the Terms and Conditions.
HTC MyTouch 4G
Google, please fix the stuff you broke before adding new features.  You're getting to be like Microsoft.  Without table support this is all but useless to me.
I'm forced to use this app instead of the Google Docs app, and can't access the Google Spreadsheet I want on it.  Worked fine before the forced change, still works in my browser.  Guess I'll just uninstall it.
I canMt edit my .xls files on my Droid3 directly from the Drive.  I was using DropBox to do this before...and I'm gonna keeping using it going forward now.
Maybe one day Google will acknowledge memory constrained users (HTC Desire). Other providers do (BOX). In the meantime, it will go back to its repository like other great but unusable (for me at least) Google apps.
I love Google, and they come out with a lot of good services, but I think its not very necessary to automatically install the program even if its to help with Docs. I think instead of automatically installing it, they should prompt the owner if they would like to install it. I find it sad that Google has stooped so low as to automatically add the program without consenting the owner of the device.
Was happy to see Google drive. Until I read their terms of agreement. Your idea and you put in the Google drive belongs to them.
:(
Scary private policy. I'll stick with dropbox
I've tried everything, but docs that have been shared with me appear to be lost in google drive. Luckily I can still get them on my laptop if I choose classic mode. Sadly though, there is no classic option in Android. Once again, google may employ smart programmers, but they have no clue about the tools business people need. Epic fall.
Anybody using the google Drive may not read the " terms and conditions " .. it says that ANY DOCUMENT UPLOADED TO ITS GOOGLE SERVERS ARE THE SOLE PROPERTY OF GOOGLE AND GOOGLE HAS THE RIGHT TO INFRINGE AND MANIPULATE THOSE DOCUMENTS and stuff ...  Well Google is one self obsessed bitch and will handle my sensitive documents the same way as it handles the chrome (although fastest but the most buggy and virus magnet) .. USERS are strictly informed NOT TO USE GOOGLE DRIVE IF YOUR DOCUMENTS are sensitive enough ... Although Google may not admit  it and remove those lines from the terms and conditions  .. it will see through your files anyways ... Nobody is to stop them and nobody can sue them .. and this review isnt a hoax because once i had uploaded my very sensitive pdf files and i found them on a site named scribd .. Now i got nothing to say .. my example says for itself .. :( :(
Needs client-side encryption in order to provide absolute privacy and control over data.
Still no save gEmail attachment right to docs??  Still no Email as attachment other than PDF??
Sooo Google u had your chance went with Microsoft skydrive instead and got 25G a lot better then 5G
Not getting notification in my PC. Entire process is slow. Compare to this, Dropbox is the best.
Google used to be best-in-class usability, but this is the complete opposite. Frustration #1: I cannot save files from the Drive to my SD card. Frustration #2: I cannot sync folders between devices. I have to manually download files one by one on each device. Frustration #3: All the pictures in my Google galleries are not readily accessible in my Drive. I have to upload them again. Frustration #4: I cannot swipe to view picture after picture in my Drive. I have to click Back, then open the next picture manually. Which, by the way, takes several seconds, even for offline files. The list of frustrations goes on, but I'm tired of typing...
This does not have free marshmallows!
Hi All,  I cant stress how useless and cr*p this App is right now, I am sure, and hope with time that it will become (more?) USEFUL!!!  1) We waited all this time for this heap of useless code, far better Apps out there!!  2) Cant actually download from it, if you do, you have to find the cryptic location it saved it too!  3) What is uploaded is normally corrupted when downloaded, no Zips have worked since.  4) What is uploaded, is then grabbed by Google to share with whoever they want if they like it.  5) Its no iCloud contender!! :( Kinda hoped with Googles power, and their lateness into this field, it could actually have the upper hand, yet it doesnt appear to intergrate with any other of its products.  6) I honestly see no productivity or point in this feature/app at the moment, hopes an update can change that.  Overall, its a massive let down to have the Google name associated with it!! :(  Doesnt even deserve a Star in my books.
hard to set up, hard to save files, some file types are not recognized. Just another overrated google piece of junk!
Well, I can't rate it higher than one start because do far it refuses to run, and tells me that "I'll be notified when it is activated". So far - about a week or so - it hasn't, and no progress seems to be forthcoming.
It wont delete my old phone nor will it let me download new apps
But the app...is crap. Sad.
Dont install
Disappointed me. Uninstall.
Cannot let GG have all ownership right of my files.
EPIC fail. wtf am i going to do with all that space? upload them manually???
All documents don't appear under My Drive (only 2 of 12 do).  Documents Shared With Me don't appear.  Plus EXTREMELY slow to load, refresh, etc.  And, maybe not related, but Picasaweb photos now not viewable with Gallery and aren't in Drive, either.  Bring back Google Docs!
Why the Hell did this automatically show up on my phone? I don't want it Google..stay out
The earlier Google docs app would open PDF in read mode. However thr current app begins to download it. Kindly request Google to fix this issue
Google wants to use all the files for whatever purpose it deems them fit unlike any other service. NO THANK YOU
Can't sign in in my HTC flyer cos The keyboard is not appearing when trying type the user name and password.  Better use dropbox. That one works.
Drive came as an update to Google Docs, but when I start it it says my drive is not ready yet. Can't rollback either.
I want to organize my files function (move to folder) in android
Everything else is more than legit but the spreadsheet editing is sub par.
Crashes everytime you attempt to upload even one photo, on HTC sensation. Stick with dropbox, works with no hassles. Uninstalled.
So I can only select one File At a time?   That's what I call a  "Crippled Cloud"
Synchronized initially then wouldn't continue to sync. It stopped gmail receiving emails. When I de-installed app, emails came through. HTC Hero.
Now google owns also your files?? What's next? They will soon own your pets, wife, children... !
Everytime I try to upload a file it says upload failed... what a POS... back to Skydrive, and Google wonders why I don't use Gmail either, lol
When having too many pictures, seeing the thumbnails would be easier.
Every time I have tried to upload a file it crashes. So frustrating, using docs/drive was. One of reasons I bought a 'smart' phone. Should've stuck with my EnvII.
That's because you can't use it.  It says it is just under 5m but in reality it'll expand to almost 8m with all its crap and guess what?  It can't go on the SD card.  So unless you have room for 8m of this bloatware you can't fit it on your darn phone.  FAIL
Im sure its a great service, google products usually are. But actually READ thr TOCs! Everything you upload to this site becomes google's not yours. Unlike all other cloud hosting services which actually put in their TOCs that they dont do such things. Poor form google.
Drive was in my list of program updates so I thought I might as well download it but when I did I clicked to open it only to find that I couldn't use the service yet. Why let somebody install an app that they are not able to use?
This deserves a ZERO-STAR rating because I didn't install this package - Google "updated" its Docs package by replacing it with their Drive package.  Shame on you Google!
The ToS are shocking. Basically Google can do whatever they want with YOUR DATA!  Read for yourself:  "When you upload or otherwise submit content to our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services (for example, for a business listing you have added to Google Maps)."
Uninstalled until Google changes terms of service. No, I don't give you guys permission to have and alter my files however you like!
They can claim ownership to your content!.. Even after you've removed it off google drive. Beware.
I hoped Google'd do better. I need folders automatically synced to my sdcard, not some worthless shiny interface! This should be a utility not an app!
Git it today and it doesn't seem to sync or update at all working with HTC desire and a mac.  Dropbox smaller memory but works like a charm and have password protection as well.  Google has to fix fast or else people will remove too much of a memory hog and cannot transfer to SD card as well.
As opposed to other services such as Drop box or Ubuntu One, this really leaves a lot to be desired.
Not a good app anymore do not support basic files.   U will lose files resumes also any work loaded file etc. False over rated app mis leading google app user. It's not a 5star rate App King give this one a poor as 1star go back to the lab.
8.15Mb when running, this needs to be movable to SD, uninstalled.
After reading the "Account Authenticator" on the permissions, I decided not to update! It can act as the account manager and mess with accounts, passwords & other things I'm skeptical of! Since this came up for an update, I've been having problems with my phone freezing, as well as rebooting itself twice a day. If I don't absolutely need it, I'm uninstalling it!  *I cannot fairly rate b/c I did not use
They own the things you upload. Its all theirs, not yours. All the intellectual property you upload is owned by Google from there on. Dont use it
Can't upload multiple files yet and extremely slow when all of other uploads are fast in the same quality.
Poor/unreliable offline performance. You never know will something open or not.  Still can't add attachments from gmail. How is this helpful without file browser or ability to upload multiple files?
I was really looking forward to using the app but the 'Get Started' screen is in Spanish! I can't speak Spanish!
I didn't see any differnet between this app and Google docs! Please make something new.
How in the hell does a company based on search and organization not include the capability to create folders from the Android app??? If I can't keep my files organized, it doesn't matter how much storage space you give me for free.
So why did it get installed without asking for permission?
Terms of use are not acceptable. Google cannot use/own users content. Thats not fair at all. Please revise!
Saves me money and time
I can't believe we have been waiting for this! All this talk about "syncing to all your devices" is a load of shizzle. Nothing syncs to my Android. You have to click on a file and then click on "more" and then click on "make available off line". And you have to do this for each and every file you want to save to your Droid. This is not syncing. Why would Google not provide this essential service? I have 64gb of storage on my sgs2. More than enough space to accommodate storing my whole Google Drive.
I am 'not ready' for google drive so all of my google docs are no longer accessible from my phone
when it's installed become 9mb! Yet when it's run become 14mb w/ 5mb chache included! Make it reasonable size, like 2-4mb. Zte tab user.
can't save a folder to android device have to pick the files inside one by one to download.
Still can't edit my spreadsheets on my mobile properly, so many options are unavailable. Web version is good but this mobile app is completely useless to me.
Showed up on my phone with no opt out, wont let me uninstall. Also, everything uploaded to Google drive becomes the property of Google. Seriously, check the terms and conditions that are never presented to you.
Very limited, with bad UI. I don't see why there is no option to download as a doc or xls file, which I could use in a better office mobile app. You can do it via the web browser, why only as PDF in the app?
Battery usage of this app is terrible.
Apparently it also downloads the temporary files to the internal system storage.  (Part of the app storage area)   Also impossible (easily) to access the file using a file manager.  The keep file offline didn't work
The update to Drive made my Excel files unreadable.
Dropbox is better
There's no way to copy files from Drive to folders you need. I can download them to view them 'offline' but it's impossible to copy downloaded files to another folder or find folder where they are stored. I hate when I'm being treated like a dumb apple user. Making apps like this is insult to every android user who bought an android device because iOS apps work like this.
Can't find all folders
Why does it say "they will email me when drive is ready" ?
everytime I try to view a file it gives me the error cannot connect to the server.
this just appeared on my device ... don't be evil google if I want it I'll ask
Why should google have any rights to content I create! I would give a zero if I could. I won't change until google does.
Since rooting my HTC Inspire, i have had no crashes or major system issues, until Google decided that i needed to install Google Drive. Yep, i didn't select it, it was PLACED in my App Store updates list. Fail #1. Tried it anyway. After starting, it told me my Drive wasn't ready, yet, and gave me the single option, "Notify Me." Fail #2. It runs constantly in the background, but it isn't in a standby or low power/CPU mode. Completely crashed the OS once, & hung the OS twice, while not in app. Fail #3.
Very difficult to edit spreadsheets in this app. Update for Drive: spreadsheet editing is STILL clunky as hell. Lame. Better to use web based version on a phone!
All I people who five stared this are okay with the fact that you've given google the right to use anything you upload as they see fit? You all are a bunch of idiots...
reading is okay very difficult to edit, and for some reason won't save
I had lot of problems with the app.  It intruded on all my other apps and hand to be "force" closed many many times.  I finally had to uninstall. I am very disappointed.
Read the crap privacy policy of google drive b4 using. Your uploadings will be the property of google and they can use it according to their will
Installed itself automatically. Can't be trusted.
Keeps crashing. ready to uninstall
Before the change from docs to drive I had no issue. And loved the app....now that its drive I can no longer edit entries. I'm running ICS...everyone else at work running OS pre ICS don't have issues. Why doesn't drive play well with ICS? Please fix..I need this app to work properly for my job!!!
I have been waiting for this app to be released, downloaded yesterday from Google Store but I am still waiting for my email telling me that my drive is ready. So how much longer Google? I had to select 1star to submit my rating, I would preferred to have left no star rating.
Negative points / Pontos negativos:  - Do not sync automatically anything. You must choose your files through gallery or any app and upload manually. Should have a folder to sync automatic. [Não há sincronia automática alguma! se quer algo no "Drive" vá lá e faça upload você mesmo manualmente]  - You cant save you files to the phone. The option "COPY" just makes a copy for the same place. [não se pode salvar os arquivos do Drive p/ as pastas do seu cel]  - Not able to edit docs offline. Offline options is read-only!!! [arquivos off são apenas para leitura]  - Not able to send/share offline docs! Not even by bluetooth. Unless you're online, nothing works. [não dá pra enviar nada offline. Nem por bluetooth. Nem mesmo criar rascunho de email]
Не предъявит ли компания, создавшая ПРОМПТ, патентный иск за использование похожего лого программы? Снова война патентов…
After downloading I can only upload 1 picture at a time. Can't waste my time with this. I don't use other features. Just want some storage and this app is not for me.
I had high hopes for google drive.  I have it installed on my desktops, and I'm most likely going to pay for more storage.  On my phone, the application is too much of a memory hog, and it cannot be moved to the SD card.  This seems to be a common shortfall for all the Google android apps.  So I have to pick and choose.  For syncing with my phone, Dropsync only takes a meg.  Google Drive takes ten times that amount.  Why?  I have no complaints about the features themselves, but if I can't move it to the SD card, I don't have the space to spare, so the features do me no good.
Google Docs was great as a stand alone App against the crapp Quick Office.  Now there's intellectual property rights in question. C'mon Google.  Stop messing about.
I had been using the Google Docs app for months, quite happily. When it updated to Google Drive, I found out that my account doesn't have a Google drive yet. So now I have nothing that works. Thanks for nothing!
According to the terms of service google pretty much owns everything you upload and can use how ever they like. Love the connectivity but the terms of service are just evil.
I never thought it could happen. But Google did it - made me move to a Microsoft product rather than stay with Google docs.
Muy verde aún. En vez de Google Drive que lo llamen Google Docs, por que es realmente eso.    Falla visualización de imágenes.    Falta un mejor gestor de ficheros.     Hasta que no solucionen esto, la gente seguirá usando Dropbox o BOX.
I do not remember installing this app, yet I have an update for it. WTF
Everyone be aware that Google pretty much owns ur files when u use this
There is no Hindi support. Also Force Closes.
WTF! Installed without my consent! Google, ask me before installing anything on my device!
Pathetic.  I might rate this more highly when/if it starts to work.  Clearly it's been launched before it was ready.
I don't mind improvement, but quit changing things to keep them "fresh." Why go messing with a good thing.
Read the terms, they own anything that u upload. Use dropbox.
Android is Linux my smart tv is Linux IPhone is Linux Your servers are Linux Linux are everywhere but Google missed the Linux version of this not so well did software. Unbelievable!
I'm a big google fan-boy but my box account has 50gb free.I'm surprised google doesn't do unlimited storage.call it...."Google Infinity "!! Love google but this is weak!
This new update sucks! It's too glichy and I can't type down a decent sentance on my documents anymore. PLEASE FIX!
Apparently, there is no way to edit docs with standalone Android apps (Docs to Go or others). This is a deal killer since that is my primary interest. Add that feature and I will take another look. In the meantime, I will continue to use Dropbox.
Its been configuring my account for two days!!!
Download this app so we can tell you its not ready and you can't use it yet! Thanks Google.
Lame product, horrible privacy policy. Google claims they own all your files! Avoid.
Please Google, stop downloading new apps without my permission!!!
The T.O.S. are not good. Way too intrusive. Give Google and their affiliates permission to manipulate as they deem fit any user-provided content. Not cool Google. This invasion of privacy is a nasty trend amongst not only G but near all social or sharing services. Call me old-fashioned or paranoid, but this blows!!! I'd rather stay old school than lose so much control and privacy. (Yeah, bit of a rant, but I'm not wrong.)
Doesn't work. Says Drive is not yet ready.  Good one but think twice before uploading your sensitive data. Reads terms and conditions.
Vizio droid, cannot complete download.  Cleared cache, removed Doc app,  reboot,  nothing works. Doc app worked great for me until now.  Google,  please fix!
Upgraded Google Docs for the online store. Was disappointed to be told my drive was not yet available. Registered to be notified when my drive would be ready. Within 24 hours I got an email confirming my drive was ready. Happy with that but sad to find out that the app could still not access my drive.  Very poor implementation from Google. And then there are the very one sided terms and conditions which give Google full ownership of your files!   Sticking with Dropbox for now.
I have a very important spreadsheet with address data that does not appear in Google Drive nor does it appear if I search for the filename. It used to appear with the Docs app before it was rebranded to Drive. The document appears if I use Documents To Go.
Read the ToC; Google has the right to do anything with what you upload. Dropbox: You retain full rights. These kind of terms will be the death of Googles good image
It's a start. Needs App2SD and improvements. But it's a start!
They roll out a new product after months and months and it is not ready. My drive is not ready yet and I am supposed to wait for an email. In the meantime I cannot access my docs. Typical poor planning and lack of concern from Google. I am learning to unlove them as much as Microsquish.
Headache waiting for Google to notify u
I installed this but my Drive account is not ready so I can't use it. BUT LISTEN it installed 2 versions which then ran for 4 hours and consumed 10.5 MB of data, doing what I have no idea since there is nothing to synch. That usage will suck more then 2 gig of data per month without even using the app. Thank goodness Onavo gave  me a warning before it put me on Verizon's "Data Use Offender List" and killed my ability to use the phone.
Giving one star due to their privacy policy which says anything uploaded to Google drive becomes their property and they have the right to do whatever they want with my data. I wok rather use sky drive etc.
Warning! Under the terms and conditions all data that is uploaded becomes the property of google by way of rights given away when you accept this app. Google need to amend terms & conditions to protect our data and keep them private.
Uninstalled. You can't seriously expect users to fill up their phone internal memories with docs. Also after install, it becomes an 8Mb app.
I can't believe Google is still making apps that can't be transfered to SD. It takes up all the room on old devices.  Also, there isn't any way to select an account. I've got mulmtiple user accounts and it just locks into one
Most of the document was "not viewable. " it freezes constantly when trying to edit the document. I do not recommend this app for anyone.
This app installed itself and when i opened it, it said 'it wasnt ready yet', talk about fail
Until the tos matches Microsoft and dropbox, forget this intrusive, reselling application.
Name change, and to let me know their new featute isn't available for me.  That's what I was waiting for... NOT
Google owns any content uploaded and can freely do with it as they please? No thank you.
This is the old docs with a new logo. No folders... crap. Didn't you have enough time to learn from dropbox???
"When you upload or otherwise submit content to our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide licence to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content."  So if I upload personal photos or videos to Drive, Google can then, according to their Terms of Service, turn around and use my stuff in their next commercial without my knowing it? (Besides "notifying me of such here) NOT ACCEPTABLE!!! I won't be using Drive for anything sensitive until they change their TOS. Google, you CAN'T use my content without individually requesting and receiving my explicitly written permission! Access Denied!  P.S. The best way to fix this... rather than granting yourself permission here, state in your TOS that I don't initially give you permission by using Drive. Rather you, Google, can obtain my permission by requesting my consent. I might not mind letting you use stuff, but not immediately and all inclusively from the beginning.
As usual, my account hasn't upgraded with drive, rendering the app unusable.
Why update the app to a new service I haven't heard of yet just to tell me its not ready.
Anything you put on here Google can do whatever they want with it so make sure if you do use it theres nothing important...
DROID x gets error message not ready
Slow, clunky, poor visual quality of stored docs. Don't recommend.
Google takes 100% ownership of anything you put on Drive. Drupbux doesn't do that. Google is also censoring reviews of Drive.
Can no longer access .jpg files so all those things I scanned I can no longer access. Stinks.
Anything uploaded to Google Drive becomes the property of Google to use as they wish. Read the Terms (Your Content in our Services). DropBox don't do this, neither does Sky Drive.  Thanks but no thanks, uninstalling!
for extra storage for a few years now for Picasa (20gb). Still waiting for my notification.
Thanks, but, no thanks. My files are not Google's (and their unnamed partners) promotional material. I'll stick with Dropbox.
Really awesome
until they change the permissions.
Read the agreement very carefully :) you are giving the rights both to Google and PARTNERS!!!
Again, brand recognition wiped out. Bad icon, I mean next year when you realize triangles are no longer in, what are you going to do...  Aside from that I suppose I just do not place much value in the app. I want my documents locally first and foremost. Sometimes I may want them stored online, but storing them in large vaults with everyone elses stuff just makes high profile candidates for hackers.   To top it all off I am writing to the FCC in regards to the TOS. Just say no to Google.
Who Owns My Stuff?  Did you read the privacy statement?  If you save anything to Google Drive, you are agreeable to turning full control and ownership to Google. They can do what ever they want with your images, documents, etc ....
I updated my Android apps without looking at the reviews, silly me. Now I've lost direct access to my Google Docs on my Xoom (I.e. no widget and a notice that Google Drive isn't ready yet.) Why show an update when a company knows the product isn't ready?
!
Cant uninstall.
errr okay so is this another US users first and everyone else waits? Oh and where is Google Music coming to the UK?
Google gets the copyright to everything u upload to this. Dislike!!!!
No matter how much i try there is a force close issue
Bangladesh
I'm ready, but you're not. Drop box it is.
Ok after reading some of the TOS it states that once we upload our files to our drive. That Google can snoop thru them in other words and thy can use them to there like and we can't say nothing about it. Google please change that TOS.
Was interested in it until ToS changed my mind, after 5 years totally on googles side I will be deleting thier service for storage as dropbox and skydrive let you own the files you upload.
Why would I give you all of my files to do what you want with? You even mention in the TOS that they will be used to promote your own products. Nice try, Google.
Really?? I was ready to jump boats to Google drive from drop box but now I'm doubting...
"We'll email you at ... when your Google Drive is ready." I'll give 5 stars, when my Google Drive is ready. Until then 1 star. Thanks.
Unable to move to SD, epic fail, deleted
Now I can't view my large PDF files without downloading them.  Terrible
Its ok.  Just ok.
Read the Terms of use & beware.
I was excited when I got automatically updated to Google Drive. Then the app informed me it isn't available for me yet (I'm in Germany). Typical US-centric Google...
Can I ask why the application is in french please.
That is all
So everyone is ok with allowing Google own all of everything you upload to them including but not limited to children's and wedding photos, audio of your up and coming band, video of your kids soccer game, etc..I dont know about anyone else but im not comfortable with that. Read the TOS.
Nothing great compared to dropbox.Not able to move installation of Drive to SD card.
Any thing you upload to this becomes property of google. Screw that uninstalling.
Yikes. Privacy issues in ToS. Google owns all rights to your files.
Read careful.
Disgusting!
Make sure you read their Terms Of Service... Google is the only cloud drive provider that make it where you never own your uploaded files.. it becomes "all rights" of Google which is a huge privacy concern.
Some day I want to work for Google!!!
Google owns all your files you upload. Read your tems closely.
Very old scroll bar and design, not smooth too!
Nice work guys
Wtf do you mean "not ready yet" if I download an app from the market I expect it to be working. Why post your app if its not ready..unless you want bad ratings.
I don't want drive and now can't access docs
Lol. Google has stolen logo from mature Russian company "promt".Google this company and you'll find it.
They took away the widget. The Drive isn't ready yet. Thanks, Google. Get update.
What happened to the "why" in why you do business. Remember "Don't be evil". That was your corporate motto. Your mission and your belief system. And WE believed in it. Your innovators and early adopters especially. Well taking people's property rights and creative rights is EVIL.  It contradicts that corporate motto. Change your terms of service or people just may stop believing in all your products.
but now can't used in Singapore.
It will be better if i can move to SD
Everyone should read the terms of service. Google owns the files you upload and have permission to do whatever they like. I would just use dropbox or skydrive.
Not ready for Australia? ... then don't give us hope... don't release the up date until it is!!!!!
"Your Content in our Services: When you upload or otherwise submit content to our Services, you give Google (and those we work with) a worldwide licence to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes that we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content.
Cannot be moved to SD card.
Awesome first!!!
Really? I mean rrrrreeaallllyyyy???
can't read tables, why can't i use my old docs app. never should have updated. Used for work, now i have to use the online version. f u
This app overwrote my installed app "google docs", and now when I try to access my docs via google drive, I'm told: "Your google drive is not ready yet"  VERY poorly executed, Google.  Not sure why it overwrote my old app. Even if I had auto-update checked, this SURELY should require a manual update, no?
Google Drive is not ready for my account. Why?
Not sure why Google has an app that doesn't allow complete functionality on their own operating systems. You can't even add a column to a spreadsheet. Somewhat pointless to have a "mobile" app if I have to log onto a computer to complete tasks, doesn't seem very mobile. Only worthwhile if you have to look up information in a file. Both the app and mobile docs site need work in order to become fully functional.
how you gonna have an app that's not ready
Your drive is not ready...
What a joke, doesn't work
Ensure that you have access to Google Drive (my drive 'is not ready') before installing, as this app replaces the Google Docs app on your phone. If you do not have a Google Drive, you will no longer have mobile access to your Google Docs.
Love how you have changed my uploads to Dropbox into pdf's! You just made my tablet a total waste. Time to buy a laptop
As soon as the app started up everything was in Spanish and there's no option to change it. Nothing on my phone is in Spanish. Major flaw. - Galaxy Nexus.
Not yet available for my account, so... why send it to me?
I can't save edited files (edited with other applications) back to Google Drive. It doesn't allow saving back to the caches location. Essentially, a view only application. Please fix this...
Much like Google Plus, the new version of Docs (now Drive) causes repeated force-close messages. Can't open it, can't do anything but uninstall. Thank goodness I backed up the last working version.
Why use drive when box has 50gb for free or drop box which has better features like auto upload pics or videos? Maybe would be worth it if it had 10gb free
Guys, on my android phone, galaxy nexus, google drive tells me that tables are not supported when I try to open an old google doc. When will drive on the mobile support docs?  I seem to have lost google docs app on my mobile, and on my desktop chrome browser docs have been replace with drive, this seem wrong.  NO LINUX SUPPORT have not worked out what this mean, may be I will look at the video.  Change docs to drive seem very crazy, docs mean documents, drive mean some thing you do in your car.
no move to sd
Not anywhere near the quality of dropbox.
Insecure unreliable cloud storage. Keep your private files private on your own storage devices and make backups.
What they asked for was aWYSIWYG editor.
I've been a Gmail user for years, and an Android user since the G1..just because I'm now living overseas and not in the US anymore, I don't get access? Lame.
It's about finish and user experience.  People use Dropbox because all of its moving parts (read folders, etc.) work.
Google must have only released it for the US, the UK playstore let's you download the app then when you open it, it say it's coming soon....ANNOYING INDEED.
Wtf is this? I have it as an update, but never had it installed before..
App doesnt work offlline. You have to be connected to edit, create or view docs. Come on google, why wont you let us work offline, and then symc later?
Can't upload documents from my phone... What's the point?
I can download this on my nexus s , but it says that Google drive is not ready yet. Maybe it's because I'm in Canada. Nexus s 4.0.4
Do not upgrade to Google Drive if you are using apps for domains.  Google Drive is not supported for apps for domain users.
shameful not to have a linux client
Useless without linux client Needs app2sd. Where are the files stored. Must be on sdcard
But still has long was to go.
Can't see the thumbnails of images, can't view the slideshow, can't edit pics & other docs, can't download files, can't create folders (collections i mean) & can't move existing folders.....so many basic features are missing!
Large program, can't move to SD card. Wish it had stayed just Docs, not everything associated w Drive.
Why is this app over 10 megs in size?
I can't believe how slow this is, and it seems to take up a bunch of RAM, slowing down my other apps!  Please fix!  For Nexus 7 offline access is a must.
What good is a file storage service if I can't download my files to my device???
If you want to upload documents its alright. But the edit function sucks use a text editor on Android instead.
Slow to load. Doesn't let you edit a preset formula. Formatting for easy view isn't the greatest. Please optimize it. I know you guys will. Thanks.
Why can't I download files from docs?  This is frustrating.
No way to edit or create docs without WiFi/data connection. Feel like that should be a standard for business purpose. Nexus 7
Why is it in phone memory? Deleted.
Needs thumbnails for images
There needs to be offline capabilities of creating a new document. Every time I have tried I always receive an error or oops. Having a nexus 7 tablet means I won't always have an active connection. If this issue would be resolved I could say goodbye to anything Microsoft. Please don't make me pay an extra $30 a month to turn my S3 into a wireless router.
Can't open doc files, let alone edit them. Works well on the pc platform. Needs huge improvement, please
I love the idea of being able to access a cloud drive from any computer, phone or tablet, but Google Drive on Android does not allow you to put things into folders! You cannot upload files into folders, you can't create new documents in folders and you can't move existing files to folders. How am I supposed to stay organized? One of the oldest methods of organizing files and its like Google has never heard of it.
Seems tp slow down device seriously, not really anything to shake a stick at dropbox. Uninstalled pending serious development.
samsung galaxy 10.1
I really like Google and I'd have expected them to be ahead of the game on this seeing as cloud storage is the future. I'm going to keep using drive because it's cheap but if you can spare the extra money I'd go with drop box, it's just so much better to use i.e. why can't I just flick through photos rather than open and close each one?! no thumbnails?  seriously slow!
Needs to be able to select sd card memory and phone memory not just pictures and videos. Other app's like files anywhere is better. Sadly cos I like most of Google's app's.  So only 2 stars from me for now.
this app needs a feature to export file to sd card. or else it is pretty much useless.
Could be a lot better.  Spreadsheet only opens the webpage for it.
I downloadeded both Google Drive and Dropbox and had already uninstalled Google Drive.   With Dropbox and "ES File Explorer", I can download files to my Nexus 7 in any folder that I specify.    I don't think Google Drive is that flexible.
Dreadful interface, crippled application missing too many obvious features
lacks two-way auto (and scheduled) sync, offline access is annoying.
Why can't this app be moved to an SD card?  Come on Google!
This app seems to be great when you have access to the internet but when you are offline it is pretty poor.  Tried to create a new document when offline to take notes on and it would not allow you to do so.  very disappointed and expected a lot better especially with the Nexus 7 being wifi only.
No ability to move files from Drive to phone. Is this a cynical attempt at lock in, or embarrassing lapse in design?
A little disappointed. Of the all the Google products, Google Drive falls furthest from its mark. First off, it is a generally sluggish app. Second, unlike Dropbox, it is not easy to send a public URL, that anyone who has the link can download from. Since I am a Google Apps user, it always gives me annoying warnings about sharing outside my domain and general incompatibility in sharing something with one click. I still have to resort to a site like WeTransfer for easily sharing files. Last, I wish Google would port their Chrome extension, Scratch Pad, as part of Google Drive on phones, since Google does not have a stock note taking app built-in to Android.
Why can't I even create a directory without opening my browser?
Its nice but i prefer using dropbox
Where are the abilities to add folders, upload to specific folders, and export files to a folder of choice? Come on Google, make this better than dropbox, not 10 steps in an opposite direction.
This is a critical feature for me. Uninstalled.
Some type of password or pin to lock the app would be nice
I read in an article that you navigate to a folder then upload in order to store it there. Nah, doesn't work with this app- it always uploads to root level. And no ability to mark folders for offline use? Sorry, but (I wish that) you can do better.
Been how many months and still no support for authenticated proxies?  Sticking with DropBox for now I guess.
The google docs editors on android are, frankly, pathetic.  While sometimes okay for viewing, they are next to useless for actually editing.  This is basically the one thing stopping my android tablet being a full blown productivity machine (The other office programs, while somewhat nicer, don't integrate especially well with google docs either)
It is a good apps, but we'll need some changes here. One thing to change is the offline data storage. Why it is saved in the cache? I think, it'll better if it is like in the PC. Make a folder, then the offline things saved there. Does it more structured? Sorry, It seems I make the rating goes down...
Not quite up to the web versions usefulness level. You can add files and access them but as far as I can tell, you can't move your files to specific folders.
painfully slow, a bit complicated at times when u have two accounts uploaded lots of photos, it only shows thei name, no lil icons to which pic is which and di i say its sloooow!!,dropbox works faster
Problems almost in every part of the app. Needs fixes.
This app sucks... that's the best I can describe it. The main interface is really good, but making a spreadsheet is just horrible. It just looks like they added a link to a web page. I would understand if this was made for the iPhone, but it seems like Google would have put more effort into it for their own platform...
Needs the ability to upload photos automatically from my Android device
It is very difficult to save and manage files.
Good improvement over previous version, although not impressive as a 'Google' Product. Have many limitation. But new feature "offline viewing" make it useful at least, comparing with previous version. Need to improve UI, need to be more intuitive, Doc Editor sucks. 'Evernote' UI is much better than this. Hope next version will be more intuitive.
Until can send pix from drive in mms and not just from email this is useless for me.
Coming from Google I would expect it to be stable like most products they have. This crashed every time I used it. If fixed its a five star app
Browsing shared photos is a real pain and the app misses a lot of download all links about everywhere...
Plz update this app fr download option
I used to love this app because I would be able to see homework assignment and read on here but now with the Samsung SIII I cannot see my pdf s at all if I go through the browser it's fine butility the app don't. And also does not give me the option to see my documents through collection and that was the easiest for me. Pls fix
Thru this app.  Far better direct from the website.  This app is very disappointing.  Uninstalling & just using the website directly.
This application is very useful but it lacks some key features like creating folders, moving files to folders and too if you have folders created by PC still you can't upload files to the folders, instead it uploads everything in main directory.
Every other minute it stops responding and restarts again in my galaxy sIII
Nice app however offline unable to open....plz do something about it or else 5 star....
Need lot improvement on offline files  Offline media cant be added as playlist
Another essential google app that is so vital to my mobile thanks google keep bringing us these great apps it's much appreciated.
So I have to unfortunately give this a very low rating in the current market / state of the art for apps.  With Googles release of the Nexus 7 (a WiFi only tablet) it is even more critical that apps work offline unless there is some critical cloud requirements such as downloading or searching other sites.  Caching for read access is good, but not good enough.  I'd give this a 5 if the offline editing worked well.  As it is, it peaks out at a 2 and that's being generous.
I uploaded some videos that were not that good to begin and now after they were "converted" they look like complete CARP!....might be good for documents and photos but for video, it really ,really SUCKS, and you have wait 5 minutes to download a 30 seconds video clip!
Come on google you at least got to keep up with apple.  Would like pictures taken and optionally video to automatically save to drive.  Would like to browse pictures on drive.  Would like the ability to set any sync folder.
Spreadsheet doesn't open and the app crash all the time!! Epic Fail Google
Lack of the grid view found in desktop version is very frustrating.  Move to SD option would be nice.
Its decent. But I want to be able to specify where it saves my offline sync'd files. I need to access the files I save for offline.
If only ... app 2 SD...
Needs to allow you to edit offline docs and also organise files into folders, with those two features it'd get another two starts
Why have a mobile app and not have the ability to download the files to your phone or mobile device?  great app to share files but you have to be on a computer to download the files :(
I've never used this app. I think I opened it once to set it up, but since then I've never opened it. Still, it randomly shows me pop ups about how it stopped responding and needs to force quit.
But if you upload a file from pc. To the drive. You cannot download the file and save to SD card. Epic fail until that feature is added
Still along way to go before you can do without access to a PC to manage your documents with Google Drive App for Android. Comparing the experience of managing Google Apps Docs on a desktop to on a Nexues 7, Jellybean.  Any text with a table can not be accessed, you can view but once in edit mode text in a table is replaced with a message telling you tables are not supported.  Editing headers and footers is not possible. Can not copy a document. So I can not use my templates or existing documents to start a new doc. No ability email collaborators. Clicking the share icon will allow email, and other share options. Can not change the colour of collections. Can view live editing. Possible to mark some documents for view when off-line, when there is no internet connection. No commenting functionality. Basically you can edit a document that has already been created, or create a new document. Do basic typing, no setting styles. Can set bullet points, bold, underline or italic text. No font, and size option.  Its a start but I hope just like Google Apps greater functionality is added as the days go by. Only use is to review existing documents, and modify the body of a doc.
I am finally on the latest everything (N7 and Jelly Bean) an this app still does not (at least as far as I can determine) support the downloading and saving of a file on the device.  Making available offline is a useful feature, but it doesn't replace saving locally.
It is not intuitive. Move files from directories to others is not clear. But....
It is not practical.
It is useful but it does not save a document, text or word, etc if you edit it from your tablet. This lacuna limits the mobility of documents as claimed by goggle. Otherwise its very good app. Google, please mind it addressing this issue.
I really hope this app can be move to sd card
I love being able to get to my docs on my phone, but I expect a lot from an app with the Google name. My biggest gripe is that the spreadsheet part of the app is a little better than useless, but not much...
Download/upload speeds are pathetic
Can't edit formulas in spreadsheet. Pretty major gap i reckon.
What were google thinking, this is such a basic feature, cant upload to specific folders renders this app as poor, please fix this quickly
Good app, but the inability to download and save files locally renders this app useless. Will uninstall, and use another app that allows local downloads.
can't add new folders only opens PDF files as read only so they are not editable. No way to save the files directly on device in a convenient location for the ability to bypass the PDF form problem.  Dropbox is winning this one.
Crashes frequently.  Do something Google.
Works on gingerbread but does not work on jellybean on nexus 7.  Won't sync or update.
Why can't I upload anything other than photos or music?  Maybe let us upload a word doc or PDF? Please. HTC EVO 4g LTE
Google Drive is OK in many respects but editing of documents and spreadsheets in particular is infuriating. Why oh why can Google not give us Dropbox and OpenOffice in one! Disapointing.
This app needs a complete overhaul.
Google drive be used to store my programs now my phone keeps filling up
Does Does the job not bad but it.crashes a lot so needs an update asap
Cannot add multiple accounts from dashboard as suggested in quickhints of the app.
Not sure how last reviewer gets 2 minutes between crashes! I barely get 60 seconds while trying to upload pics from phone.  Not ready for prime time,
Over 10MB on phone storage with no option to move to SD card. CRAZY!!! And I thought DropBox's app was rediculous for taking up 5MB on phone storage..
Works fine, good integration with google account, but the inability to create files offline is frustrating, as is the inability to download files from the drive to an SD card. The docs aspect needs some work.
Seriously Google, why can't drive automatically sync my photos and videos?
Though on Google play - Permission section says this app can be moved to SD card, it doesn't, it occupies 10MB on my scarce phone memory  Also its too slow compared to box / Dropbox. this app seriously needs to be 'Convenient and simple' I'm uninstalling this app for sugar sync for 5GB storage and ease of use. Just because its linked to Gmail and Google Docs [which are really exceptional products], i would rate it 2 star, else its not worth
I expected more from google. This app is very slow download/uploading/previewing any file compared to drop box there are no thumbnails that shows your files on mobile app ..there's  also no instant sync like drop box do I can't instant sync folders when change is detected.
Fast, user friendly Awesome available offline feature in the next version, I would like to be able to hide certain documents from the list that I no longer need to open
The main thing that really attracted me to Google Docs was the label feature. It allowed me to more easily find the documents that i needed.  But Google Drive lacks this basic feature that its core fans counted on.
works just fine but it's huge (2nd biggest on my phone) & can't be moved to scared. installed. want it but it just won't fit on my phone alongside the bloatware Google has ALREADY PRE-INSTALLED. So there it is.
Can only download to view photos, cannot save to phone unlike dropbox.
.. stat .. it sucks guys. Very difficult to edit and create spreadsheets on mobile.
I primarily use online storage for pdf files. Currently cannot open PDF files so this is useless for me until a fix comes out.
Good app but i cant access any file without opening the app first so i'd rather use Dropbox .
I need option to add/edit docs in offline mode. 3G connection in my city is not stable. So now I have to keep files in .docx and use another text editor for them. And it's very annoying that changes made in this editor aren't saved in file like in dropbox application.
Great use for my files but makes my device EXTREMELY slow when uploading and makes my status bar malfunction when uploading as well.
Uninstalling due to lack of password security.  Decent app otherwise.
Not everyone uses google and I need to email doc files not pdf. Also I need to save them on my phone. Too little options.
Why is there no simple link, on mobile or browser, to pick a file from your drive as an attachment to an e-mail? Nice to upload, share and have your important files at hand with an editor, but so many functions missing (editing on mobile is too limited)!  Looking forward to Google providing a good replacement of the office suit, especially on the go!
I'm a big supporter of Google (Google Apps customer), but the implementation of Google docs on a tablet is just plain bad.  It might be passable as a document viewer, but editing documents and spreadsheets is painful.  Slow and clunky.   Microsoft may have a fighting chance with their Office suite for Win RT.
Previously 5 stars I went and got my uploads off it and everything was corrupted.  Zip files werent intact anymore and I can't use any of it.  ((Test it before you use your data limit to upload everything)) back to dropbox which atleast works
Crashes all the time
great concept, but seems slightly under-developed.  needs thumbnail browsing for photos.  consider that most pictures taken by mobile defaults a name like "img1234", making it impossible to find the one you're looking for without having to load an entire folder/archive.  (jelly bean GNex)
It doesn't work for what I need. Have a shared folder which has files added to it daily. But it on updates when you get on a computer. Defeats the purpose of having the application if every time I want to see new files I have to be at a computer. Tried to search on browser on phone and it still doesn't update Google drive which in my mind makes it useless.
Although the load / refresh time seems to have improved over the last few updates,  inexplicably it still lacks fundamental features like uploading a new document to a particular collection,  or even assigning a document to a collection.    It's incredible--but not surprising to me--how Google can overlook something so fundamental and obvious.  I can't help but think of the  Google Buzz fiasco,  when by default Google made everyone's address book public...
I can't see the correct (up-to-date) list of folders and files even after resynching. This is probably the most basic function and it should really work.
I saved a .docx file attachment in the Gmail app. I can only view or preview it (i don't see the difference between the two). Nothing tells me where the file gets stored and how to access it. Using Google Drive, the file doesn't show up anywhere. It shouldn't be this confusing and frustrating to find and edit a document!
Why can you not just download a file no matter what it is to a folder. Keeps asking for app to open file.
I'm sure there are other reasons to use this besides accessing google docs, but if you want to access google docs with it, don't bother. The mobile interface is so incomplete as to be unusable, and if you want a full view it just pushes you to the google docs website in a web view (after giving you a notice that it won't work properly on your device, wtf google!?)
Can't add new column to spreadsheet!? Stuck with the default of 3? This is so kludgy. Give me the ability to move files into folders and perform mass uploads from my Android device.
Needs to be as good as drop box auto photo upload before Google Drive can compete.
I use this app, but the fact remains what is it mainly suppose to do, it does not. And that is extremely frustrating and disappointing. Error message, says can't connect to server all the time. So I have to open browser. That makes this app somewhat pointless.
Needs option to upload entire folders. Also needs ability to save files to SD Card.
Appears to be just the mobile website - no more responsive. But takes up 10MB and won't move to SD.
I run Android 3.2 on a Samsung Galaxy 10.1.  Long time Google docs user... I was looking forward to syncing my files for offline viewing, but the app just hangs in a sync loop when accessed.  Disappointing.  I guess I will just remove this app and access my files through a browser while I wait for a new version.
Please fix the sync problem with the base doc. Meaning: I'm doing modification on the phone memory and is not sync with the same one stored in Drive. In this way what's the point having Drive? I can store my doc's on E-mail.... Please fix!
This is junk! I dont know why i cant access my files from this app, maybe it has somthg to do with the fact that i m from eastern europe and google doesnt give a f*** about this region, but drive is just broken. When i try to open a file it just tells me to log into google docs, even though i am logged. Google is just all about double standards too i guess.
i made pics offline from it but it is not opening d pics.. nor online niether offline. . after clicking on pic it takes me to gallery n der it displays just a black pic. plz help.. lg p970
This takes up 10.25 mb...dropbox only 4.5.. Uninstalled.
Would be a good app, but Google needs to allow this to go to the SD card.
They need a gallery view for photos and doc viewer. There are better options out there. Disappointed by Google on this.
I use Google docs at home a lot. I design some very complex spreadsheets but can't edit from this apparently. Uninstalling till they fix it
Needs picture thumbnails.  No way to download content from drive to your phone.
A primitive app that doesn't even have automatic folder sync forcing the user to go to every file and explicitly share it offline.
This would be an app I would use more often if it allowed my HTC Desire Z to capitalize. Oh well. I will just have to use Evernote to get things done.
Drive is slow for now, but I expect improvements in areas like photo sharing. Drive needs Export option like Dropbox has.
Why on earth do you have to hold the files offline? The whole point of dropbox is it simplifies moving files from Phone to PC and vice versa. I want to put an image or song into drive, then copy it to my music / gallery, not be FORCED into Drive to view / listen / edit whatever. Come on google this is the first bad review I have ever given you.
With the exception that I cant add columns in a new spreadsheet its ok. 2 columns is not enough.
Lo usé dos veces y no me convenció, no puedo usar las fotos en mi galería. Hoy mandó puros errores al intentar subir una imagen.
No way to create folders.  Help does not mention this
Great to be able to access material from my phone. However the frequent crashes (I'm talking every 2 minutes here, folks) renders the app useless
You can't create or move files into folders(collections) from the app. I end up having to use my Android browser to create my "collection", and move files into it, but it's so hacky to do it that way. If I could do it from my browser, what's the issue of implementing a way of doing so from the app? It would be great if I could just type "collection/collection/file" when creating a file, and it would just put it in the appropriate "collection" or create the "collection" if it's not there.
Having this app has been good on occasion but it's always necessary to go to a desktop and reformat my changes before I submit anything. Want to like this but it's not cutting the mustard.
Stable... But a far cry compared to apps like DropBox - @Google - need much more options. Plus real offline to Sd card
Excellent concept, a bit clunky to use - a slow data connection makes editing difficult at times.
Using this app for reading is OK, ale editing is not so. The Docs miss styles, spreadsheet editing is atrocious.   Not to mention occasional hangs of the app when Internet goes down.
I have a samsung galaxy tab 10.1 android 3.2 and intended to use this app for viewing and editng of docx files (generated orginally on googlecdrive).  The application is very limited and has basic bug: 1) Application does not open files for reading (it gets stuck in an endless loop), you must edit them in order to see the file. 2) Tables are not supported, you see a message of item not supported. 3) Editing is very limited with basic features missisng.
Doesnt have a button to download directly to sd or internal memory
The app is decent, and a good idea, but it's missing a setting to allow sync on wi-fi only. As well as auto picture/video upload. Both are deal breakers for me. Get Ubuntu One instead, same storage size, auto-photo upload, and can use wi-fi only for those without unlimited data.
Like all Google products, half finished. No automatic upload, no multiple file upload. Doesn't integrate nicely with any media players. Doesn't seem much point.
Doesn't work well with touch screen keyboard. Better off sitting at an actual comp, especially for spreadsheets
Eu ía pegar o picasa só pra mandar foto do pc para o celular e vice-versa. Não precisa mais do picasa para isso. o Drive (disco virtual) guarda fotos JPG também. Resolveu meu problema, como baixar fotos que faço na empresa, na hora. Ou enviar imagens do computador para o celular. Fica espremido no celular em tela pequena, e ler excel também é uma experiência chata. Fora GUARDAR E ENVIAR, navegar nele deve ser melhor em tablet. Lembro que o drive, substituiu o DOCS. E assim como outras marcas, é um "pendrive" nas nuvens, para virtualizar. Vou manter no celular, adoro as multitarefas da conta google. Hoje em dia, prefiro FTP que é mais rápido gasta 1 mega, não 10 megas. AndyFtp trabalha até minimizado e é excelente. Se eu não fosse grande usuário google e webmaster, deletaria o drive. Malditos 12 mega de memória. Deletei. Agora vou passar arquivos por Gmail. Eu uso internet lenta no celular. Não dá não. Substituí por FTP que vai mais tranquilo. E tenho um programa de Office que é uma APP local.
I try to use it on HTC incredible phone and galaxy tab, but often it can't find docs and gets "stuck" trying to open those that it can. I now just use a bookmark to the mobile website. A shame.
Finally has better editing capabilities in the word processor but the spreadsheet editor (which I use most) is still the old clunky basic browser piece of junk. Add table support to the doc editor and full spreadsheet editor and we're golden!
The ability to organise files within folders direct from the app would be useful.
Like Google Drive itself, this app lacks features and support. Not useless, but the potential is very under used...
Unable to easily create and share simple ascii text files. Entire app is too closed and makes it difficult to work in common or open formats.
Should have ability to upload files to specific folders, instead of main drive... also should be able to create new folders in app.. loading of files is slow too, but upload speed is better than drop box..
More than twice as large than advertised on my htc desire
Functionality limits this app almost only to view, making impossible to use it to edit from the phone.
It works but it is not of much use. Needs improved features.
Wish spreadsheet had capabilities closer to full version. Also some of the tables in word doc on the computer are not supported on the mobile devise.
As a foundation its great but need more features like selecting folders that needs to sync e.g photo sync in Dropbox. More options when I share a folder would be great e.g if someone can use a folder I shared to them like its their own e.g both of us sync photos to same foldet. Lastly cant believe I can't save my own files to the folder of my choice...
Other than that a nice copy of dropbox
Takes up twice as much space on my Wildfire as Dropbox. Haven't got room for both, so I stuck with DB.
Needs folder integration for better organization.  Can't upload to s specific folder.  Needs to be on par with or better than the dropbox app for android.
Great features, but takes up too much space, and can't be moved to SD.
Should be a betta release. Many issues & lack of functionality. However, I am counting on Google's development power to bring Drive upto a reasonable level of functionality over the course of this year!
All this time..and STILL NO WAY TO SIMPLY DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN FILES TO YOUR PHONE!?!? FAIL. As a Google faithful, it pains me to say this.. but dropbox app is beyond better. Re-write this app or kill it.. cause it sucks!
I prefer Dropbox, much more intuitive and user friendly.
export options to sdcard please!
how to download file from this app?
Still no export option needs export option not just offline viewing
Why do I need to be connected to the internet to access my "offline" documents?
No table support makes Docs nearly useless for me.
I load up all my ringtones from an archive on y PC and drop them in googledrive to xfer to my phone.   Xfer works great; but once on phone are useless.  Cant control where they go on phone and once there no easy way to get the music files to move to a location where the phone recognizes them. (without root file manager).  Not useful in current form.   Dropbox; works perfectly in same scenerio.  Just long touch on the file and it goes whereever you want it on local phone.  Impossible with Google drive
First thing I do is try to open a document and it says Tables not supported. Close to useless.
Not as functional, quick nor stable as Dropbox.  Even though it is years later to market. Feels half baked, subpar to what is already avail via other cloud storage apps.  Good implementation but poor product definition. No way to edit docs offline (only view). Can't specifiy SD card. Very slow playing stored video files. Nothing new, or wow over existing apps out there.
And great
"Make available offline" is not as useful as it sounds...you would think clicking this option saves the files to a folder on your sdcard....wrong! it keeps it in the app just cached with no way of accessing it through a file manager....Please fix this!
就是不支持https
Way behind what documents to go and quick office offer. Especially when it comes to spreadsheets.  It is getting better but has a long way to go.
I would prefer if I could have my files back physically whenever I want.
I wish I could download files directly to /sdcard, so please, Google, make it possible. I really need to download some files once w/o need of working in cloud with them
There is no office application with Hebrew support on the market...  Hoped this one will have it but no....
Spelling checking in ICS doesn't work in the document editor. Makes it pretty useless.
I try to edit a row on a spreadsheet. Later I changed my mind and press cancel and try to use the back button to back to my drive. It always stopped unexpectedly. It happened several times. I use Samsung Galaxy S3 running Android 4.0.4. Any compatibility problem.
Upload doesnt work correctly. I selected specific folder, but it uploaded to the root
This app would be more useful and convinient if I could actually use the shift and alt keys. They're kind of important for editing documents. Am I the only one with this problem?
my photos won't upload I tried sharing but it still won't upload
Your cloud storage is great, and how everything works together is fantastic! I need offline editing though! Make the document editing work offline, and you will be easily deserving of a 5 star rating.
Can't log on to another account.   Slow to load files.  Did not manage to create directory on phone
Google runs on Linux, even champions it but when it comes to a launch, forgets about Linux.  Irony stings...
I only need to edit spreadsheets on my phone and google drive still makes a pigs ear out of it. Shame. Still at least I have polaris.
HTC sensation XE
It seems upload is not working with the phone app, no matter what upload type I try to use.Please fix, it's useless now.
I thought i can upload my photos to drive automatically as on windows phone but its not possible here. Without this for me its max 2/5
I'm using dropbox which (application alone) takes up 1/2 of the space on my phone compared to Google Drive. I have an HTC wildfire and internal memory is limited. If google could make it transferrable to the SD card then wheeeeey, thumbs up, the file size would be irrelevant, but until then I'll stick with dropbox as my main provider of linked files, come on google.
Cant move to SD? COME ON!
I love it but why cant i edit my doca while i am offline...i would like to be able to work on stuff while im offline then update when i have a connection again
This app desperately needs the ability to export files from Drive to my SD card. I really like the access to Google Drive on my android, but this app also needs the ability to move files to other folders; as it is now, if I upload a file from my phone's file browser to Drive, it's stuck in the main folder, which requires me to move the file on a desktop machine later. This is a feature I need, as I deliver a lot of projects via shared folders in Google Drive.
Lacks functions which are essential, as stated by other users. Dropbox provides superior functionality at this point.
I had all my files neatly organized and accessible from my desktop. I decided that Google Drive would be a good idea. I've now lost the ability to edit and use about 75% of the documentsas a result of using Google Drive. Great job Google.
These big apps (almost 10mb when I deleted it) are unnecessary. For what I do, the mobile docs website works just as well in a browser. It is very annoying getting big aps like this that can't even be moved to the SD card.
HTC desire. Very slow for editing. Can only see 250 rows of spreadsheet. It's pointless
Won't let me select certain spreadsheet tabs... some work, some don't. Very frustrating.
Uninstalled it as soon as I found out I couldn't move it to my SD card. My phone just doesn't have the internal storage to devote to many programs.
Would be neat to be able to create a folder, move files...
I'm in Thailand, using a Thailand-purchased Samsung Galaxy Note, set up with American English as my language choice (in the Android Settings.) I do not read Thai language. From the time I open Google Drive, it displays everything in Thai language, starting with accepting the User Agreement, with no choice to toggle to English. Is this software making language assumptions based on my I.P. address? Why not just respect the system language choices I've made for my device?
But you can't download things from the app! Going back to dropbox.
There's no option to download a file to a selected place. So, how do I use Drive with apps that don't have a comprehensive file manager (like, most of them)? Come on Google, this isn't like you - wake up!
Nice app but let down by the fact you can only make files available offline when you really need to allow making folders available offline, just spent 10min selecting 60 files I need offline.
first it was okay, but when it came to sharing things i want to have on my phone offline, its crap. first of all, cant select the folder to download to, if i make something offline, its only available through the app. second of all, whenever i tried to download music from my drive i got an error with the file, while the file i uploaded was perfectly usable (some data probably went missing). and last: i cant select the folder i want to upload to in the app, gets really annoying...
Its great to use drive now except that it still won't move to sd card and you can't save a folder offline but individual files only.
Dropbox is much better! (Such slow syncing..)
I was happy to have a word/spreadsheet/powerpoint suite embedded in Google Drive, but later was surprised by that I cannot edit (only view) those document even they are marked as "offline".  such lack of offline editing downgrade G-drive to Dropbox-like feature.  I guess that we are still forced to save native MS document and buy some editing apps for offline editing....
Dropbox =Learn from it. Backup to specific folders. Smoother file mgmt. Export to SD. Way better UI.  C'mon Google you can do much better.
Performance is quite bad on a galaxy nexus. Lack of android API means no apps work with it. Dropbox works better.
Editing a document on my mobile was a torture. I don't know about tablets but on my samsung galaxy ace editinh is extremely unresponsive plus I cannot make my docs available offline.
Come on, Google. You cannot do picture slide views in this or your on line version. No one wants to call up pictures one file at a time to view them. The other clouds are way ahead of you. You also cannot share directly to google plus as a pick. You cannot edit the share permissions "at this time".
I can open up my PowerPoint but I can't edit it. As I kick the option, it says I kick print and nothing even happens. Practically pointless for me if I can edit my docs...
The Offline documents not save documents Offline, ever is need to download. The XLS files, can't see, and the editor not work correctly
Not sure when this started but I now get near constant runtime exception errors on my Google Nexus. Can find no solution online. Terrible support.
So the nyc itinerary needs to be loaded. Don't worry I said,  we have a swanky app to do just that.. but wait! It can't friggin load tables .. TABLES!! not flash.. not some crazy obscure ms word font.. but poor ol tables! Thus is just sad. The rest of the app is Ok. But no tables?! Aargh!
This is absolutly useless on mobile.... u can not share "links" of folders nor files!!! Waste of time .. after uploading 2 GB of files!!!
I updated my KeePass database file while it's offline, there is no way to sync it back to Google Drive with the updated contents.
If you simply want to look at documents, this is ok. If you want to edit them, prepare to curse a lot and wait since the edit functions are quite laggy. Not a fan.
Offline file has issues. Only downloads a partial file and very slow accessing spreadsheets. Needs more work on Android.
The only real point of this app, over an above the old Google Docs, was the purported inclusion of Offline Mode, which only works if you have a constant online connection.  WTF IS THE POINT OF THAT?! Useless!
Where is the option to download my files or folders from Google Drive.  Offline is nice but please add an option to download files & Folders from Google Drive.
No where near fast enough. Uploading one image took about 3 minutes. I've got very quick internet access on this phone, but 3 minutes is a joke.
Google DOCS actually let me edit documents. This is just a slow piece of crap in comparison. I'd rate 5 stars if it just worked again. Stop adding new features if they're gonna cause a bugfest, please.
Well they changed the name as well as it's function but come on Google it's the same boooring interface as it's predecessor Google Docs. Not an epic fail but come on Google you are Android your apps should have the best user experience. Have some pride in your work instead of just doing the bare minimum, needs thumbnails otherwise good luck finding your photos and videos.
:-(
Cannot drag and drop, only upload from music gallary or photo gallary, no option to upload from other folders. Very slow and unresponsive sometimes
Doesn't kick into tablet view for Acer a100 ...
Total deal breaker for me.  Please allow us the ability to make a whole folder offline.
If we can move it to sd card would be a better option
Google docs on a mobile device still is way behind...still can't edit formulas on a spreadsheet for some reason.
Not bad but it needs a much better offline support.
One thing missing is when uploading google drive doesn't let us choose where to upload to. Ads in which folder like drop box or box. We need to do this
I love how much simpler this is to use, cleaner, more efficient, and I love the easier to use editing options such as bolding as italicizing.  ...Or I would, if I could actually type. Any letter either with onscreen keyboard or sliding keypad is immediately erased after I punch it in, making it impossible to edit old documents or write up new ones. I'm using a Motorola Droid from 2010 if that helps
I seriously do not know what the point of this app is. The only use I see for the app is to send and upload files easily. The spread sheet editor does not even support formulas. I am always on the run and would like to do some fuel logging etc. Why can it not be the same as the desktop online version?
I cannot edit documents like in the desktop version: cannot add comments, footnotes etc.  It's always running in the background.  Today I needed to check the word count of a document I stored in the cloud ASAP- but there is no option like that! So I clicked on "open with another app" to open the doc with Polaris office but it downloaded the pdf version! I couldn't choose btwn formats like in the desktop version!!
Spreadsheet is very bad
I am using a Samsung Galaxy Fit, although the app is good but it consumes muchch more of phone memory on my phone. So it would be good if these guys make it transferable to the external storage.
Could not select all the "text" from an offline word doc via ICS tablet. Please make it available so offline mode can be more useful even just to download the content of an offline word document not just to be as "read-only"
This app would be great if it was faster. It takes my xperia arc over 20 seconds to load each page, simply not usable, especially since the files all stay online, viewing a listing should be very fast.
Why can't I navigate my folders? I love how I can edit my files but it's no good if I can't access my files. Ridiculous...
OK but cannot find a way to create a folder, move files between folders. No integration with a file manager. Improvement needed here.
Please fix this, Google. When i try to correct a word, nothing happens.  I'm running Android gingerbread 2.3.6 razr maxx.
This is not intuitive, not convinient, not useful. Shame!!! I expected some sort of a backup application, but all i got is a one-by-one file upload to the clowd utility. in addition to this mess, cant upload folders, or a group of files by type  Such a shame.  Wake up google, you have users... think like a user, get back to earth from your clowd... :-D
their product quality has really started to lag and nowhere is this more obvious than google docs. if could computing has really arrived, why deliver its most used application in such a bumbling manner? totally lacking in the features that would make it useful. on phones the limitations might be understandable, but do some research online and see the total fiasco google docs is on tablets. the two platforms of the future come together and utterly FAIL
Why are there no share to everyone features Inside the app? ... I have to go change it from inside my Gmail account and that aggravates me. Also needs spellcheck and make folders available offline!
please google, sort this out, so many great ideas for apps, but they are taking forever to perfect.
Can't download photos to android phone (Samsung G Note)
Give me the option to sign in with a UN and PW.
Only spreadsheet export option is pdf. How much sense does that make?
Worked once then gives errors file exists, does not exist etc. all went flaky when enabling offline files
I love Google Drive for desktop but the app needs some work.  Editing is very limited and the app consistently freezes  and crashes with longer documents.
It shows that i've logged in but if i try to login it shows google login page and it wont let me type uid/pwd
I think it should have an option to choose download location
This app is wonderful but the editing doesn't work on my Razr Maxx or my Incredible. It's great that I can view my documents but editing is 90% of what I do. 2 stars until fixed.
Cloud computing only works where there is Internet access which really limits its usefulness. So we must still keep data in local files. Drive does not allow me to make folders available offline so its pretty much useless when I have no internet access which is quite  frequently.
Was expecting better from google. Made file "offline", downloaded it, went to place with bad signal, tried to open file and driver decides the file needs to be downloaded again.  Had to wait for slow download. This happens every single time. Next time try not to oversmart users and just let me open my freaking file please.
I keep getting a runtime sync error. Have submitted info many times. 2 stars until fixed, then 5.
Very nice, but im getting confused with my stuff, would be cool if o could prioritize or make folders on the drive
Please add the same functionality as evernote (share->create a note)!  TABLE NOT SUPPORTED??!?!! WTF
Cannot get links to share via app. Cannot move files between folders via app. Cannot create folders via app.  This application is close to useless without those features.
I believe the differentiator for Google drive over Dropbox was the online document editing feature. And that feature is a massive fail. Can't select heading types in docs. Can't edit formulas in excel. Just basic functions are missing. See no reason to jump ship from another cloud storage service.
Not allowing me to edit from my smartphone like the old Google Docs apparently did. Had to purchase a $15 app in a pinch. Not happy.
I downloaded the application and I thought it was good.  Every single day I get Google docs which amount to a few hundred a day.  To me, it feels like spam.  How do I opt out from receiving so many of these documents which takes time to delete them.  Any help would be appreciated.  Melgbb
No matter what I do, I can't edit a Google Doc on my phone anymore. I tried saving one to the phone and it says I can't do that. I tried jusy editing it and sending it back to Drive without trying to save it on the phone, and none of my edits stuck. What's the point?
Nice job google!!!!
I can have access to my documents at anytime...
App has issues. Very slow to open files even when made offline. Opening images does not work on sg1. Cannot organize files. And occasionally force closes.
The newest updates have been great but this is the second time now that the app has balloned on my phone to over 100MB and caused issues. I have to clear the data each time. Please fix this issue. Setting lower cashe size does not help!
Not as polished as dropbox, the upload is awkward to use and the organisation of files is horrid, really needs better organisation to be of great use (does not allow you to specify which folder to use during upload)
This application does exactly what it says and nothing else. It synced the files on my computer to my phone. However there is no easily discernible way to copy files from the drive onto your phone for much much much faster use. It all has to be opened from within my drive which slows down the process incredibly. E.g. i was trying to sync and browse through some pictures, i can't put them in my gallery and in the drive i cant scroll from one to the other, i have to open each individually.  Great idea, poor execution and oversight on some simpler tasks.
Not even close to Box or Dropbox. Only good thing is the sync app you can install on your PC. Downloading files is no easy task. No preview icon for photos. So you have to open the file to see the photo, which is done by downloading a temp file to the phone. App it's extremely slow!!!!!
The new changes would be great if the slide out keyboard actually worked! No alt, no shift. It's useful for at least reading from my phone but having no functioning slide keyboard is annoying sometimes. PLEASE FIX!
you can't make files offline or download to your mobile? what's the use then? going back to dropbox.
If you have a google Document (as opposed to a word file) you can't download it to your phone. That wouldnt be a problem if Google drive would let you edit tables that were created using their own online app (google docs).  If you open a document (not a spreadsheet) that has an embedded table, it will not display it.
Excessive permissions, like all Google apps. Why on earth would it need to read contacts?
Pros: Offers 5gb of space out of the box.  Cons: Coming from dropbox this looks like it was slapped together in a weekend, also doesn't offer auto picture uploads like dropbox does, plus with dropbox you can upgrade to 16gb of space for free
Error on upload other working normally but i have to upload my files from the pc bcz from error its giving me an error
Need to have Auto Sync from the root folder when I make changes on my laptop. If I save a file on folder "A" on my laptop, it should automatically reflect in the same "A" folder in Google Drive folder. Iis pointless if I have to always drag, or manually edit changes. PLEASE UPDATE.
My short experience is not much positive: I uploaded a pdf file with my PC I wanted to have it available offline on my Android smartphone and read it later, on the smartphone, through my favorite pdf reader.  I expected there was an option to access my file through Google Drive and save it locally on my smartphone SD Card (into some of my custom pdf folders), but THERE ISN'T (unless I miss something).  I can just make it offline through Google Drive and open it through Google Drive.  The problem is that If I copy manually copy the file (through a file manager) form the folder where Google Drive offline file are saved (in my case /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.apps.docs/files/pinned_docs_files_do_not_edit/<a folder with a bunch of numbers>/<myfilename> ) to a folder on the SD card where I use to collect all the pdf file, then the file can't be opened by any pdf reader, Acrobat Reader or ezPDF reader or any else. There's a message error saying that "the document cannot be opened because it is not a valid PDF document".  That's rather bad...  Apparently there's no way to move my offline docs to some favorite folder without loosing the ability to open them.
Offline files have to be checked one by one. Why can't I make the entire drive or at least a folder available offline?  And set the location for storage.  It's the one feature that would make this better than everything else.
It runs incredibly slow when updating and searching for content, even when on WiFi. You can not create a folder to add content to, and can not make multiple item available offline. I'll stick with dropbox for now.
I keep getting an error when I yet to create a document while offline... Fix it please.  Also, the main menu doesn't show all my folders for my files
Tons of crashes when trying to simply view documents. Perfect demonstration of quality depletion @google.
Definitely a step in the right direction from google. But I won't be switching from dropbox quite yet. It is not yet possible to make folders offline and even when you select specific files to use offline it gets saved to some secret location on the phone instead of to your sd card for easy access.
Works well sometime edit function does not work on the spreadsheets
8.73M, not 4.6M! Think I'll uninstall.
They finally added offline doc editing for Google Docs back in Feb, then this update removed that feature. Please add it back!
Needs more features like the auto upload of pics from the camera that drop box has.  Most important however is that in the older Google docs app when I made a file available offline it would open at once.  With this it still verifies it against the online copy so with a really poor connection I cannot view the file.
I just can't upload files via this app...I always get an error
Like with most Google products, I was excited to use the program. BUT, there are way too many limitations. You cannot make folders available offline. You can't upload to folders from android phones. You can't move files. To send a file you can't do it through the app as suggested.  I wish they would create a finished product for once before releasing it.
We use this for work and I use it for personal use...only down side is you can't have multiple drives, no problem we just log in to the web based drive, but still would be nice to have access to both on the desktop!
Can't see the words on the screen when you type in landscape mode, makes it really difficult to get work done!!
- Do not allow creating new folders - Do not allow moving new or existing files to folders - Do not allow uploading or downloading entire folders. - Do not allow making folders offline. Those are basic functions for a descent cloud drive. Google have a lot of work to be done here!
If you do business and travel to China, be warned. At the moment, Google Drive is blocked in China! Such. I hope Google can work this out because I frequently travel to China for business and I would like to use this service there.
Its good by typing documents but it won't access my table on it because it doesn't support it.
Let me start by saying I'm a huge google fan.  I love most everything they do.  That being said the app I can never get to update on Motorola photon unless I uninstall it and reinstall.  It keeps the same folders, when I add a new one on my comp it shows online but not on the app.  I have sync turned on and everything ... also no auto upload
pls when u create any app build the app that can be stored directly to memory and not on phone memory. looking for a positive change
No ability to install to SD card? Am I really supposed to sacrifice 10Mb of internal memory on an already overcrowded HTC Desire for this app? It's good and everything, but there doesn't seem to be any reason why it can't be installed to SD card.   5-star rating when that happens.
Make it like dropbox app its good and easy . And picasa support
Needs multiple account support. I use two gmail accounts often
I have reverted back to docs. This app is slow and is a memory hog. Shuts down my phone too. Location services aren't needed for a doc or pdf etc. I've been singing the praises of Google for years but do not like the path they have taken recently!
Want to be able to sync my data offline so I can sync all my mp3 to all my device have all my picture same place extra.
Please move it to SD card, it takes too much space! But app itself is good for simple editing/opening files. Add equation support! It's feature number one for me.
What marketing/business logic was there behind the decision to not make folders available offline? Clearly it's not a technology challenge.
Everyone who praises or criteque's google apps including drive need to understand that google wont listen to you either way. Google will only provide something as-is,their way. They are like a celebrity. So long as the world is talking about them, good or bad they have achieved their goal. Remember they are an advertising platform.
If you have this installed on your mobile device, anyone who picks up your device will have free access to your files.   Drop box provides a lock code feature to open the app.  Google drive needs this as well!  This is a major shortcoming.
Cannot download files directly to my phone. With Dropbox I can.  I hope Google adds this feature so it has at least the same features as Dropbox
Great ability for cloud storage of any file type, fab I hear you say. Sync this between your devices, phone, tablet and pc, sadly its way off, manual sync every file one at a time, I don't think so!, integration with android gallery sadly lacking as well. It's all so confusing... Picasa integration, nope, email attatchments, nope. We are close to cloud computing yet so far this gdrive.
Cant open pdfs saved using google cloud print. Talk about irony.
I would download if I could move to SD.
Unable to open document. Internal error occurred. Too buggy. Will wait to see but not impressed so far. Sticking to dropbox.
I can't seem to locate my offline docs. With the older version it was no problem.don't like this. Two stars as I like the idea but it is not easy to locate docs.
I can put bookmarks into Google Drive's Desktop Folder on Mac OS, but they sync incorrectly to my Android  device Samsung Galaxy Tab. Fact is I  cannot open them from Android's Google Drive Folder, because Android does not recognize them as bookmarks. Please Google, solve this simple problem! We need bookmarks sync and SHARING  via Google Drive, not just via Google Plus.
On low end devices you may find that you cannot upload.  The lower end phones have limited main storage and it appears the app wants to cache the file in main storage as it uploads.  I have not tried a download or view yet.
App can't be moved to SD-card.
Google drive is excellent except one major howler which has meant that I will not upgrade to it. In your smartphone you cannot make the folders offline. you have to go to every individual file and long press and select make offline. Therefore if you are thinking of syncing your music collection, you'll have to select offline 3000 times(!), if you want to have your pictures offline, you'll have to go to every single image and make offline and so on.  Ive been looking forward to an affordable cloud drive that can simply sync my files across all my devices, with an easy way to manage them if there are storage capacity issues such as smartphones etc. Google almost got there except for this major oversight...
This could be great except for the TOS. I'm not the only one with this problem (Listen to TWiT). "Publicly perform"? "Promote our services"? Sorry, no. I write products on Docs, things I intend to monetize. I won't give a license just like that. I am now considering moving everything to DropBox. Or maybe, here's an idea: lose the general license granting and ask specifically per service given (you want to translate, you grant license for derivative work). These TOS keep the pros away. Too bad.
There's currently no way to change the font size when editing documents, so far as I can see, which mars an otherwise handy app.
Would be usefully if at least uploads photos and video automatically like dropbox.
Good app but impossible to install into the SD card.
I really like GDrive, and the app works well so far (ie, no glitches, looks nice, etc). I'm giving it 2 stars, however, as perhaps the most important feature (for me, and apparently many other people) is blocked: you cannot mark a folder for offline use. Individual files you can, but not folders. This makes the app almost useless for wifi tablets where you do not have 24/7 data access.  Google: Please add offline folders!
If you read nothing else in this comment, at least read this... Google Drive's Terms of Service basically state that they will own anything you share with them, to do with as they wish. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE! Some pro's include the low cost per GB, the high max file size & integration with your Google account. Con's include the awful Privacy Policy, & Dropbox has a Linux app & better mobile app. Come on Google, improvements are urgently needed.
Cannot upload multiple files, cannot create folders, cannot specify where to upload to, files are stored locally in obscure and non user friendly way- I need to access and move files around locally, no way to export multiple files, etc. Keep working on it- truly great with small improvements.
A iniciativa é boa mas o App ainda é limitado. Não é possível criar, compartilhar nem gerenciar pastas, também não é possível fazer upload de múltiplos arquivos e todos vão para a raíz ao invés da pasta corrente.
It creates incredible leverage  for GOOGLE users.
'Upload/download all file types...' - not in my experience. Tried uploading several different types of files and I kept getting a message about it being unsupported or something. There also doesn't seem to be an option to bulk upload files. C'mon Google!
Many formats are not supported to view in app. Jpg, simple exel spreadsheets, etc.  We're getting there, but still needs work.
Where's the option to upload multiple photos simultaneously ?
How is this better than using a browser? No Drive support for Linux.
Slow, no offline editing of documents . Promising, but needs a lot of work.
these cloud apps never allowing you to do the most basic and essential functions? Like: ALLOW BATCH(MULTIPLE) FILE OPERATIONS + DOWNLOAD FEATURE. Is that too much to ask for? Where are the offline files located on my sd card?? I want to dl my files. What's the point if I can't? Deleting/moving files one by one is annoying as hell. Come on man..
Great work google. Finally in line with everyone else. Kinda in a hurry to relese i guess, cause it has no basic...nothing. With box i have 50gb for free and the ability to see the files ive uploaded on my phone...ah...and, that really hard to include in an app thingy, MAKE FOLDERS, or...uhmm...move files around...makes this app kinda useless for now... For what it does now, a widget would suffice...not a 13mb app (whats up with that, anyway?)
You're better than this Google....
Image preview on thumbnail, swipe to next/previous pic, instant upload, upload multiple files, create folders on handset & improve offline doc sync. Really, really want Drive to replace my Dropbox account... plz help me.  Thanks.
First of all it is too complicated. Also It needs an option to upload folders of stuff, not only one file at a time. Also would be cool to have a builtin file manager. Come on google! You can do better!
Dropbox can be installed on SD, this thing not. Why? I had to uninstall, because there was not enough space for it...
Not bad as it can be but How to download photos to gallery?
Cannot sync a folder to device. it forces you to sync every individual file. Stores offline files in a place I cannot browse to open them rendering apps like kepass unusable as cannot browse to .key file from within the keypads app. Back to drop box for me. Shame
It couldn't be that hard to add password protection to specific files, and/or the ability to log out of Google drive. Stolen devices could be detrimental.
Before with Google Documents I could edit and create  presentations on my phone now I can't. I wish Google would fix that, and now I can't upload documents from my phone it takes me to Play Music or my Photo Gallery. Not that impressed.
Was a google fanboy..go to hotmail skydrive and look for the 25gig promo ..google it... NO spellle check come on man...i had mobile word on my htc p9000 win mobile 5. I had a drawing program and firefox mobile with flashlite..that was better than the standard crap on android...the lack of updates because of carriers makes fragmented versions and angry users...if apple makes a bigger screen im going to use this samsung for watching porn insead of using it as a phone i will become an apple fan-boy..
Most Google apps are great only reason not to Dl them is no app to SD. Till then using my browser. Get it together Google
A huge fan of the big G, but this app is just disappointing. Far slower and not designed as well as the dropbox mobile app. This if only the second time I've ever chosen another company's product over google (first time, google+ shouldn't even count bc I was already so entrenched in fb)
Kills dropbox
But it took away Google docs, so now I have to use a different programs to modify documents... It's bullcrap
Good but Google needs to add a copy to sdcard option quickly (not just make available offline). Dropbox is still ahead right now
Biggest problem? It never stops working in background and you cannot have settings like that either. I have no clue why it is running in background always! Had to uninstall it because it made my galaxy I slow.
It has no thumbnail view, no autosync and pretty slow upload speed.
- unusefull file sorting options - very slow start on Galaxy Tab 10.1N - lack of export feature
How to create a folder or move files to folders? Some basic functionalities are missing!
Like so many of Google's apps, this has the potential to be great, but seems to have been rushed out the door before being finished. It doesn't really compete with Dropbox or Box because it can't store so many file types and it obfuscates downloaded file locations, making them nearly useless except from within the Drive app itself. As such, this version is really just a new skin on Google Docs with the addition of a desktop uploader utility.
I love google and without thinking I uninstalled Dropbox and moved to google Drive. But the performance is so so slow. I had to turn back to Dropbox. sync on Mac is extreamly slow. If you use 2 computers to sync and both have same files then It also duplicates file. It need to mature before I try it again.
könyörgöm miért nem lehet saját könyvtárakat készíteni?
Offline docs do not work. They attempt to connect to the internet.
No folders or tagging? Terrible. How are we supposed to actually use it?
Google Drive won't sideload (can't be moved to SD Card memory) on me LG Optimus. That's a total fail for any app, as far as I'm concerned.
No catalogs downloading...
If I can't share with all sociak media I'll keep all my photos with Dropbox. This is a great idea but needs to open up its sharing.
Dropbox on my galaxy tab allows me to save to specific files. I use a tablet for work I need to save directly to the correct file. Please update quickly, this is a must or I am back to dropbox.
I was hoping that this would give me the same functionality as Dropbox but with more Android integration, but it's more of an updated Docs suite with a nice UI. PC/Mac side works as expected, but neither my phone nor my tablet synced all of my files correctly. Can't use it for file transfer to Android, as it doesn't allow export to the system/file browser. I also don't like the idea that Google can search through, use, and delete my files as it sees fit. Would love to support Drive, but I'm sticking with Dropbox until these major problems are cleared up.
Can't add folders.
Need to be able to download items in drive to handset it tablet.
I have a folder with photos in google drive, but there is no grid view (to display thumbnails) in the android client. Pretty useless for photos as it is.  ..............................  It also does not tell me anywhere where the files are stored on my android device. I'd like to use another file manager or photo manager to browse that folder, but I can't figure out where the photos are.  ..............................  Finally, after adding the folder containing the images to drive from my PC, none of the contents were synchronized to my android tablet. I had to select every single photo, wait for it to load, then click "Make available offline".
Why can't all these frikin programs go on the card
..
OK.  Has anyone figured out how to save a file from the Drive to your phone?  It's not "make available offline".  I looked all over my SD card and found bupkis. Nothing in the help online, either.  It doesn't do a lot of good if the sharing is only phone to PC; Dropbox allows you to save files to your SD card, so why doesn't this?  Dropbox also offers automatic sync of the camera directory, which means my photos are always uploaded automatically.  This is a hassle on the phone end.    I realize there's a lot of Docs stuff to this app as well, but since no one I know uses Docs and it's too slow on my old PC to be useful and only works when online, what the heck good is it?  As a file storage and sync service it's just too limited to be of any real use.
Why can't I download a file to my sd card? I tried to move an apk backup from one device to another but couldn't download it on my phone, I had to send it to dropbox and then download it...also why can't I select the folder to upload to?
I cannot access google docs through this app! I can see my docs, but when I click on one to open, the app sits at the welcome to Google docs login screen, but I cannot login. I can login using the Web browser though. Please fix!
Drop box is still much better.
I needed to create a presentation but it would let me all it did was let me view it. So it sucks.
Just mainly for docs it seems....
The inability to create folders or organize files is a real problem.
Not very useful due to the lousy interface. It's just the Docs app with a new name.
I don't really have a use for this without having offline editing.
Sloppy and very very slow needs improvement, did I mention how SLOW it is
Ok this app has to be labled alpha because thats what it really is. 1) the items on the drive will not show up unless they are starred 2) it crashes every 10 mins. This app needs an update ASAP. it needs to be as good as the online interface.
Can't move uploaded files to specific collection. Must use browser to do so. Expected better from google. better rating will come with improvements.
I gave google drive a fair shot on my desktop and android phone. While the desktop works the same as dropbox, the android app is simply lackluster. I'm forced to download images I have uploaded and there is no thumbnail preview. Drop box let's me view remotely, view thumbnails, and slide show.
But it's not uploading the entire video. It sometimes only uploads about half of it.
Can even calculate simple multiplication.
Image preview on thumbnail, swipe to next/previous pic, instant upload, upload multiple files, & improve offline docs sync.  Really, really want Drive to replace my Dropbox account... plz help me.  Thank you.
Crashes every time i open a file in drive.
I been using DropBox, and have been happy with the service. Simple, but streamlined.  But when Drive was announced, I wanted to switch, to keep everything synced with one email account.  The UI is good, but apart from that it still isn't any improvement over DropBox. There is no Auto-Sync (a feature that DropBox has) and I still need to choose individual files, one by one, to be uploaded, which is just ridiculous.  Maybe in a few months, after more updates and more improvements, I'll try Drive again. But until then, I'll stick with DropBox.
Doesn't allow filer I uploads. Drop box is better.
I was looking for a fast and easy way to move files from my desktop to my tablet and thought this would work. Turns out to be a lot of extra work to do just that. 1.) Why can't I select the whole folder to download? 2.) Why can't I choose the destination folder on my tablet? 3.) Why is each picture in a seperate folder, forcing me to use another app to move them where I want them one by one? Seriously Google, WTF? This is slow and cumbersome to use.   Rooted Nook Tablet
Nothing can make an entire folder available for offline viewing.
Can't move installed app to SD card. Can't sign out account.
Downloaded to backup all images in phone but constant crashes mean i'll do it via Bluetooth or cable. Not good.
Google... you're forgetting your user base who don't have stacks of internal memory. Removed simply because I don't have the space. Too many apps without the SD option already... I don't want another one. Uninstalled sadly.
The fact that I have to convert doc, pptx, xls, and pdf files to Google doc format is extremely annoying.  Otherwise they are read only docs and cannot edit on my Sgt 10.1 and droid bionic.  Dropbox and Box are so much better than Drive.
Am I the only one then that shows an empty drive on their mobile after uploading files from a desktop? And yes, same account and I have looked in shared by me
I have not found the feature: Photos taken by camera are uploading automatically. is this feature available or not.. like in Drop Box
awesome :-P
Dissapointed I cannot click share on an item and change it from private to public or only those with link.  Without this I still need to use PC/web. Desktop client also missing sharing options
GoogleDocd app used to work fine with Hebrew, but since the Drive update it doesn't work properly, please fix, thanks.
The Google doc is just plain unusable on the mobile version and if I switch to the desktop version things get laggy. This app needs to be redesigned.
I think that any Google developers have even taken the time to take a look at Dropbox. Dropbox has many more features, more friendly as an app in Android and PC and up to 16GB of free space.
Expected great functionality but to me it looks just like dropbox, see no real advantages yet... poor copy so far. File upload is so slow. When sharing music files have download them on by one before they can be played. No integration of Google drive folder for music player yet.
No image thumbnails? Real pain looking for a pic when u have to open each image to see what it is... And why do they have to download to view them? Dropbox opens pics instantly, like a gallery.... Sticking with dropbox for now...
I am unable to save files on my phone. Share, open etc are available, but I need a "Save to.." option. So I can upload files to my Drive from anywhere and download them on my phone.
Can only upload one file at a time.  Seriously Google??
Long time Google Docs user and will keep my Dropbox account.  I see no dif from Docs last week and Drive yesterday.  Non Google documents are easier to utilize and share.
Google do it again, create something almost good but just not good enough to actually be good.  No linux client is a bit of a bother since that's all I use and hey ain't Android and Chrome OS both linux??? Strange....   That doesn't bother me as much as this Android app no file browser, doesn't pick up the stock file browser only that I have root explorer installed can I upload any files other than music & photos. Now this next one is the one that destroys it for me, I would like that file I uploaded on my computer downloaded to my phone WTF you can't??? At least I can't find an option besides making it offline which sticks it into /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.apps.docs/files/pinned_docs_files_do_not_edit/..../file.txt now that just isn't very helpful or anything like a file/cloud syncing service I would like to use.  I may be open to correction on this point and I hope that I am, so please somebody correct me.  How about selecting a folder on you android you'd like to keep synced NO that's not there either. Poor implementation I'll be sticking with my Dropbox
No app2SD
Not that great functionality.   Doesn't completely follow your UI guidelines also. Half baked app.
this is the most important improvement rather than changing name.
Force closes whenever I try to open a document that's more than a couple pages long...
Can't upload files! Is this some joke?
Nice of google to update my app then let me know I can't use it.
What a mess. Goggle just decide to replace google docs with google drive.  But google drive is not ready yet for me.
To start with, the new drive feture is a brilliant idea, cant fault it, can only say expand on its features and it will be unbeatable in its area. However since the update theres been a HUGE drop in quality of service regarding GoogleDocs. Ive lost so much work in one day its hard to beleive. Text randomly dissapears after pressing enter, save often reverts the document to its original state befoure i began editing and im constantly hastled with little errors that stop the flow of text. Please fix soon!
the tablet app does not open the already existing documents in the google drive account. I can make new documents but unable to open the existing one.   Also Google add presentation capability to the docs else, it is limited in scope,..
This apps is good but needs more editing options on mobile devices like Google docs did. I tried to edit one of my existing spreadsheet on the mobile and I could not select the formula tab as its been locked out. The desk top version is good. Hopefully they will give us the ability to create and amend presentations of our mobile/ tabs as well..
It doesn't work in China. Can you provide https and change the server? Fuck GFW!
it gets force close after clicking an offline doc. please fix
Easy way to view and share anything you've created, but editing anything is a nightmare (especially spreadsheets).   I just might as well make a bookmark to the docs site in my mobile browser, as it is pretty much the same thing. Really feel that Google can do better than this.
Not very versitle. You can't even create a new folder. There needs to be settings and preferences.
I'll wait until my drive is functional, then I reinstall it.
Still needs a little work.
Makes it virtually useless
A lot more. I can access less than half of what I can access via web. Also very laggy. C'mon Google! You can do better! :D
NO photo thumbnails just a very long list u need thumbnails on all photos
Takes entirely to long to upload anything also same problem when you try to open the samething you have already up loaded. Going to download drop box instead.
I was quite excited by this and was looking forward to it. I love Dropbox and thought it was fine (and will be keeping it), but thought it was great to access my Google Docs files from anywhere. However....  ... The Docs application on Android worked fine and I could already see my files from anywhere ... The new Drive app hasn't really added much new functionality and, worst of all... ... Tables (created on a PC, in Google Drive), aren't compatible, so I can't see them on my Android (seriously Google!) ... Basic horizontal rules (again, created perfectly well in Google Drive on a PC) are also not compatible  Both these things show a BIG " Not Supported" box on the Android screen.  God, there's times when I could scream at Google (but, as usual, they wouldn't be listening)  Probably will get fixed eventually, I've just spent 2 days trying to get my PC google homepage working again afetr more changes!!!
I stick with dropbox until a Linux Client becomes available
Google's TOS needs changing and you can't mark folders for offline availability. That is lame.
I really can't believe that after a YEAR of docs for android they are still using a poorly hacked in web browser to edit spreadsheets in HTML. It's totally useless and I've been patiently waiting for a proper native editor for far too long. I've come to expect a higher quality product from Google.
Needs more options. Needs folders so you can organise your files better. And image files need tumnail previews. It's still based on docs only.
The app needs a file explorer that lets you upload multiple files or entire folders at once. Without this basic feature, it is still just Google Docs.
Want to use as sync option however can't auto upload and can't even select multiple photos. Also no folders so all documents in same view. Poor organization tools.
For a online backup/file sync program this app really sucks. No feature to make new folders. No feature to select what files you want to upload. Almost thinking this is just a rebranding of Google docs which is a big disappointment.
Also, needs ability to assign docs to collections.  Looks good but a PITA to use to edit.  Using Galaxy Nexus LTE unrooted . Btw, I am a rabid Google fan - this is not the review of a hater.
Was expected much more from Google on this. I love and use Evernote and I was hoping this would completely replace it. Sadly, it is missing too many features to make FULLY switching to Drive worthwhile. Evernote runs off the SD card, Drive does not and takes up more space with less features. Evernote is also much faster in syncing and retrieving files.
I was expected to get the capabilities like the iCloud..
I've long been a fan of the Google docs web app, but the downloadable android app is really bad. It's very slow to load. I have a 28 page document that takes 2 minutes to load, a page at a time. Which is a pain as I need to jump to the last page. And then when you try and edit it, it has to load again. Also, the web page in browser always defaults to mobile version which is pretty much the same. I can't even force it into desktop mode.  As for the new drive feature, I get told it's here, yet when I go to set it up, it tells me its coming soon, and is available for PC/Mac and android devices already. So I'm taking it that my unrooted Asus transformer doesn't run pics, and in fact runs a modified version of iOS? As that's  the only platform they list as coming soon. This app gets two stars simply because the Google docs service is awesome but confounded by the really poor app.
sorry but i realy hate the new logo. it looks terable and you it kill them to put a red dot (better yet green) in the center  my account isnt ready yet. am i the only one? also what happend to teh 7.8gb and counting of storage we used to get? i never clicked an agree for less storage
Pretty much just a name change so far. Need to be able to browse phone and upload any kind of file. I know you want to stay on the carriers good side so it would be fine if there was a 20mb limit or so unless your on WiFi. Just add file explorer as an option under upload and this would become a 5 star app. Side note though it's perfect on the desktop.
Not impressed
When uploading a video. The phone gets slow and I get a slow system memory warning all the time.
Já experimentei o google drive: uma desilusão (pelo menos para já).  A mim parece-me uma cópia da dropbox (mas uma cópia de quando a dropbox ainda era um beta).  Pontos negativos a meu ver:  - A sincronização web pc não é quase imediata como a dropbox. Por vezes demora tanto tempo que fico sem perceber se aquilo vai sincronizar ou não.  - A google drive não reconhece ficheiros iguais. Ou seja, na dropbox no pc se tens um ficheiro dentro de uma paste e depois fazes uma cópia para outra pasta, ele reconhece como se esse ficheiro já tivesse sido feito o upload e fica quase de imediato a alteração feita na web também. Na google drive não, volta a fazer o upload novamente.
why does it reduce the quality of my videos to crap. dropbox keeps file sizes the same as originally uploaded. drive reduces to horrible quality. what's the point of having 100 GB when my 2 GB file is reduced so horribly. also, in dropbox, I can scroll through the many pictures in the folder easily and quickly, but here I have to download and look one at a time. pretty awful
too slow, hard to share to other guy out google got massege "error location change"
Kindly add download option ..so file uploaded can be transferred to mobile memory...
Was there a limit on Google Docs? I guess it was 5,120MB. Since when does Google charge for services? What's next?
It works on a basic level. But when trying to us an image offline, I couldn't open it in any other app to process it. I couldn't even find the image in my gallery. Where exactly did it download to Google? No folder creation sucks too.
You can't browse through your pictures but instead have to download each one at a time....this blows.
I always wanted to try Docs, but this is just too much.
Well, I wont be making the switch from Dropbox anytime soon. Poor effort so far.
Yeah...  this is just Google Docs still.  Anxious to check out what the integration with desktop is like.  But this doesn't present any real value to me yet.
Works well but no PIN protection for this app makes me nervous keeping it on my phone.
I'm dissapointed with Drive.. No way to upload multiple files at once, no instant upload, expensive to add more storage, interface is a clone of Google Docs, no way to create folders! Missing a Linux client..
Maybe I'm going crazy but I can't seem to export files from Google Drive to my phone storage. Can't replace Dropbox until I can download files.
I need to be able to move files from drive to sd card.  Simple feature that isn't there.  Back to dropbox for now.
Up the free space to 10gb and Google will own(pwn) cloud storage, also, can't tell how much space I'm using
5gb, no Linux client, and Google scour my data. Hmm... Dropbox it is!
I would like support to linux.
...which greatly reduces its usefulness...
Uninstall until option of moving to SD card becomes available. Dropbox seems more user friendly at this point, but will keep Drive in mind for future. Galaxy S 2.3
Ad this option. Make available offline is not the same.
Using the galaxy nexus and can't believe that this update is not available yet.
It's good but no have automatic upload of pic,doc and video
Why can't I see my remaining space?
App and data should use SD as a storage by default.
..for me.  I hope they won't forget about a Linux client like they did with Talk.
Large program, can't move to SD card. Wish it had stayed just Docs, not everything associated w Drive.
can't upload directly into existing folder.
1- very useful for me. 2- It would be nice if we can edit offline documents. 3- crashes a lot.
It would be better if users can create new folder, just like dropbox
A good alternative but you need to be able to export your stuff from drive to your phone
PC to phone to tablet have the same files anywhere! My gmail holds email, contacts, Picasa, blogger, youtube, chrome and now Drive?! Amazing
Like the app but really needs a few options.. Like a "save as" or "download" button like on the Google drive website, And an organize option. I find myself accessing the Google drive desktop site on my device more than I would like and if this app does what it should that shouldn't be the case. Good but could be great.
A virtual, synchronised file system would be a great addition.
Needs work...Dropbox has a better UI & uploads faster. but Drive gives me more space. I use them both a lot!
This could be so good if it worked. It is ok on the whole but I am finding that docs enabled to view offline fail to load due to there 'not being an active internet connection'. Not ideal, and along with other small annoyances mentioned by others it makes me want to find something better.
The amount of space is great but as it stands now the app definitely needs a lot of work.
I like Drive's quite tight integration with Android but it needs to have an option where you can specify or choose which folder an uploaded file will go to.
Google drive is the best cloud .i love it.
Needs to have the capacity to be stored on sd card. Slow downloads.
Without the ability to download a file (Make Available Offline is NOT the same thing), this app is all but useless to me. I will buy a 1TB account the day that happens. Until then, it's the overpriced, but more feature packed Dropbox. Would LOVE to switch to Google permanently. Oh, and need true camera upload like Dropbox, not the Picasa/G+ garbage. That, too, is simply not the same thing.
App is good but not as good as Dropbox which is far more user-friendly. Please add an 'export to phone/SD card' option for downloaded files, or at least allow user to set the default location for offline files
I like it, but it's not very space saving. I'll stick with dropbox for my phone, Google for my computer.
Needs thumbnails for images
Stopped working all the time while reading pdf. The document editor is poor and slow.
This app allows to upload only file,photos... plzzzzz allow to choose files from memory cars to upload any kind of file.
Can we get a feature to upload to specific folder? And be able to organize from the app. Its annoying when I have to go home to organize on my pc so people can see shared files.
My only complaint with google drive is that you can't save your files to your android device when viewing documents via the app. You can only open files for viewing. Falls short when compared to apps like drop box. Hopefully they will add this feature in.
This is a great program to use for any reason. But there are files it needs to read. Upgrade Android to read .EXE, .XML, .LNK,. And if you make Android or this convert files to the right program from each end, that will be a plus.
Not a very friendly UI
Why is it not possible to move documents to folders or even specify a folder when creating a new document? It is a small hassle to have to have jump on my PC to organize my drive.   Also, new sentences do not automatically start with a capital letter. I must manually hit the shift key. Other Google Apps for this. For some reason GDrive does not. Can we get this as an option?
I can't quite say to many good things because the app force closes frequently....
Very unstable, crashes randomly and always when I try to open a presentation or large files.
Fails every time
I like that it has color. Disappointed table is not an option. When uploading a document with a table it is not recognized. Bummer. Maybe you can add this. Keep at it please.
I like it but need PowerPoint creating and editing support like other office apps. Do this and I give 5 stars
A good app that could be great. I use Google Docs a lot; the latest version of Google Docs no longer shows italics (a regression over earlier versions), and is still missing much functionality from the desktop version. Also, in the latest version, the fixed zoom level makes text too small, even on my Galaxy Note.
I find especially useful to be able to work simultaneously with someone else on text documents. They have to be simple, no tables supported, but so far so good...
The app is good... But most helpful feature would be 'if user can download the file into his mobile memory'..
Maybe its just me idk but would like to see dev come up with a thumbnail view to quickly access pictures instead of going through a hundred just to find a particular one... also an option for multi-select which would make it less of a hassle... Thank you!
It can't create or edit documents. Niether via app or browser.
A useful tool for the nexus 7 as no sd slot. 5gb free generous. However the interface is horrible making uploading multiple movie files very difficult. Only shows thumbnail pictures of the movie files which is useless if every file starts with a black background. Improve interface to show file names as you can do on dropbox.
It works but it doesn't do anything other file explorers already do. It would be nice to see it integrated better with the Gmail program so I can easily send from the cloud.
Offline editing doesn't work on Nexus 7.  How is it that I can edit offline from my 2010 phone, and but not From Google flagship tablet?
The app is good, but somehow whenever i search for a note it shows duplicates... there are not duplicates. I checked using weblogin. everything is ok.. but dual listing in search is very confusing?  Any idea how to solve this?
I cant upload multiple music tracks :/
I use it for university, but now I installed this and suddenly equations in the documents aren't visible anymore! Now I can't go back because it replaced the Docs app. The Google Docs app would convert the equations to images, this app should do that as well. I get it when it doesn't convert to images with OFFline documents, I mean, when your phone doesn't have the software to interpret the equations its impossible, but at least do it to the online documents.  Also, I don't get why the folders need to load so slow. It wouldn't even take up 1kB of space on your phone if it would cache the folder structure and the names of the files that are in it. And hell, at the background it could still load whatever changes have been made and update the page a second later. But at least then you could fluently navigate to the document you want; now you have to wait more than a second at every screen. With a mouse that might be acceptable, with touchscreen it's highly annoying.  Other than that, it is a good service. But this way it doesn't stand out.
Cant upload files at all
Google should have given more storage
Why can't I create folders?
After adding my files from my pc, I loaded the Google Drive app on my Android 2.3 device, in the last three days my battery is dead after about 8 hours while doing almost nothing on the device. Normally I get a full day and have about 50% left on the battery. I really want to like this service but it needs to work without killing my phones battery. The program also needs to have some kind of password protection like Dropbox does. I also noticed that the PC app takes a ton of memory while it is doing its sync and really runs the processor while doing so, slowing other programs in the process. And my PC is a Dell i7 with 16gb of ram and 2tb of hard disk space, but Google Drive noticeably affects it. I too have had many crashes of the program on the 3 PC’s that I use it on.
Aside from the ability to create doc types it's poorly featured and very clunky compared to drop box.
Please let us create folders in the android app. We can only create them on a computer wich is lame. Will rate 5 when i can create a folder.
When I don't have a data connection I cannot create a new document.  Need to be able to choose a folder to save to and move things around to different folders.  Would be nice to be able to edit MS office docs and have the changes sync back to the cloud (dropbox and box both do this).  Other than that, it does everything else I use it for well.
would be great if i can control a google docs presentation with another device while presenting it.
Tables created in word doesn't appear in Google drive.
This is the best work tool I have.  Yet, when I upload there is no way to select what folder to put it in, let alone create a new folder.  Would be 5 stars if you could please make it happen!
it must be unlimited!!
I find the drive app makes it harder to do some of the basic tasks it should cruise through like updating a spreadsheet or doc.
Not quite up to the web versions usefulness level. You can add files and access them but as far as I can tell, you can't move your files to specific folders.
No text search function?  On a Google app?  REALLY?  Needs abilty to make a copy, and create and sort into folders like the web version.  Soooo not ready for prime time.
Playback of the loaded videos is not the same quality as the original. Samsung Nexus X
Spreadsheet support is essentially read only, I can't even use the default browser to edit because its just as crippled. Lack of table support in writer app is very disappointing. Google seems to forget about their half-finished projects often, but I guess we get what we pay for. I'd rather pay and get something complete.
Doc is fine but spreadsheet is a nightmare....
I can't create folders and upload files to folder or move..
But still not there.  In addition to better offline, real editing, etc. that has been mentioned below is a simple passcode lock - I keep my sensitive data in Dropbox or Box.
Make it so u can print!!!
Really good for viewing on both my phone and my tablet.. editing word docs is fine but editing a spreadsheet is painful on both my nexus 7 and phone
The app us awesome, however it lacks support for viewing tables in Google docs, which I use quite heavily. Either than that its pretty good.
Thanks for the storage, but the spreadsheet and docs stuff are unusable.
I enjoy a lot about this app and it has helped a lot.  But folders are a must people.  Searching on my computer is fine for drive but on a phone this is crazy when you could alternatively tap on one or two folders and be there.
This app is great but it'll be kicked up to above average (pretty excellent) if we can view and edit charts. This is a MUST!!! Please fix
I like this app, but its lack of support for creating folders and for placing uploaded content in a folder is a deal-breaker for me.
I just wish i could install it in my microSD because it takes half the space i have on my galaxy mini.
Crashes now and then
Oh, Right, Pin Code Protection. Now. Please.
Browsing shared photos is a real pain and the app misses a lot of download all links about everywhere...
Could we please have a setting to change the date format to something other than the jumbled American default?
It's great to be able to see my documents when I'm away from the internet, but I was disappointed to find out google drive doesn't let you edit offline documents, then load the updates when you have access to the internet again. The whole reason I got the app was because I thought it would let me edit my book on the run. Very disappointed.
I wish it was better, I had high hopes.  However, there are a lot of missing features.  I mean, you can't even assign documents you create to folders from the app.  Once created you need to use the PC version to put it in a folder?  It will only get better from here so I am looking forward to updates.
Would like to have the offline files available without opening the app like photos being in gallery. Thanks
Please add the ability to backup game folders and files without having to zip them up, if the only way is to zip them make it that this app does all the work.
But the app has flaws, the most serious of this being unable to rearrange the file structure directly from the app. Also being able to choose the folder to directly upload to would be nice and the ability to make entire folders available for offline use.
But is missing many features which will make it more useful, much more than a mere viewer...  - Multi selection of files and save to SD Card. Offline files(eg. pics) cannot be  viewed by just swiping right in QuickPic. Each file opens within a temp hidden folder. - Ability to save/update files edited using Google docs. - oh c'mon will you guys (GDrive guys) think now?
It's been a little over a month since I last used Drive. Today it appears that the documents won't open. Half of them I started from my phone so I don't understand it. I will uninstall and reinstall to see if it fixes it but until I get it to work 3 stars.
This app is a good start but needs a lot more features before it is usable. My hugest complaint is the lack of spell check. I would love real-time spell check but even if a manual spell check could be invoked that would be better than nothing.  - Some other complaints would be that offline files are read-only. You can't create or edit tables in documents.  - You can't create or edit drawings.  - You can't control your file hierarchy very easily. Meaning, you can't move files around into folders and stuff. They are stuck where you create them.  Sadly I don't think any good office app has spell check right now. I'm not sure how we are in 2012 and there are office suites with no spell check capabilities, but there you have it.
Not working with me What about xperia users?
...e.g. no recovery of old versions. Turn off encryption for music players (uncheck and recheck Offline per track).
Would like to see: offline folder option, integrated file explorer to create uploads, ability to create new folders. Dislike how sorting documents alphabetically means there is a heading bar for each letter which takes up space. Why do we need these bars with the letters, we are all aware of the order of the alphabet.
Overall the app is great to use; however, the lack of a grid view for photos is a major annoyance.
Not so useful on older hardware - even Nexus hardware, e.g. Nexus One - but handy.
I am a young person who's working on a book using documents, when I go to places with no with fi I'd like to write but I can't since documents can't be edited. I don't wanna READ my documents I wanna EDIT them
The app will only use the email account associated with Google play. 3 stars for working, -2 for not letting me switch accounts.
Really good app. Only problem is that the "Off Line Docs" are NOT ACTUALLY AVAILABLE OFF LINE WITHOUT AN ACTIVE INTERNET CONNECTION. Uhm, doesn't off line mean that one does NOT need an active connection to be able to access something? I'd like to use my tablet while traveling, but can't work on things via docs because it is not really off line active. I had to download another app to do that, and even that app doesn't transfer or save the docs the way I want.  "Available off line" means that I should be able to access the file without the net. Google should check into this and fix it. I'm sure ratings would be higher if this issue was addressed quickly.
Sometimes good, sometimes not. Hard to ensure stable as sync Mobilize and all where is ok  Anyway so so
But loses connection to server, even when I can connect though browser. Also wish I could edit documents offline and sync later
I hate the limit for downloading... Where I can host my roms now?
I love the Google Drive service, but the Android app lacks several key features that keep it from being a really useful app. First, and most glaring of all, is the lack of an offline editing feature. You can download files for viewing offline, but you can't edit them offline to sync when a connection is available. That pretty much makes it an incomplete solution. The other big problem I have with it is the folders where it places files when you make them available offline. Instead of a simple location you can find with any file explorer, it creates one of those funny folders with a name composed of many odd letters and numbers, some apparent serial number. Not an issue if you only use the document features as you can find them easy from within the app, but if you use the Drive service to store other file kinds you need to access from other apps, such as the database file for Keepass Password Safe, you need to navigate until you find the weird folder with the file which can be very inconvenient. These issues need to be resolved for this app to live up to the promise of the Docs/Drive Service.
Its of little use without sync option. Has ths potential to be a very powerful backup solution if sync is added.
Maybe I don't understand what Google wants to do with this app, but it comes across as half assed. Everything about Drive pales in comparison with its number one competition, Dropbox. I rather use Drive because of its integration with Google's products, but every time I do it's such a hassle.
Cannot save file directly to phone you can only open it. No way to upload file directly to specified folder (all uploads goes to root folder)
I do want to use Drive only, but its nothing like evernote. Drive is really slow to load files, etc. Fix and I'll give 5 stars.
Cannot download your own files..
Following is my positive feedback:  * Great to be able to access online documents from phone.  * Cool and simple design    Following is my negative feedback:  * One cannot properly view images  * Tables are not supported  * Link references are terrible  * The only read-only mode opens in PDF and does not display images.    Considering this is Google and high quality has to be expected I have to rate this average.
NEEDS the ability to download. Spreadsheets take FOREVER to open after the first rows download! Sometimes several minutes!!!
Nice
App lock, folder creation and creation of documents offline are required to be considered replacing Dropbox. So far, not.
It would be better if it synced files to a specified folder on the android device, just like the desktop version. Will rate 5 stars when those feature is added.
Works well for files and pics but the docs editing functionality is very annoying.
I really like this app but it has such a HUGE missing feature in that you cannot edit documents offline with this app. I much prefer Google to... EVERYTHING but, though Drive has many more features, for this one reason I'm sticking with OneNote for most of my note taking. If or when offline editing is implemented it's "goodbye OneNote" for me and 5-stars to Google Drive.
Can't edit any cells in currency formats, which makes my finance spreadsheets just something to look at on my Galaxy S3, please fix!
Does not crash or whatsoever.  However it does not support googledocs with many pages, support tables and equations. Would change rating to 5 stars when all this flaws are made better.
This app would the just about the greatest ever, access to all my personal documents, work documents, and ability to create new documents (or spreadsheets...etc) on my phone, computer, and tablet...except it crashes every time you try to do something. If it happens to work for you after 5 attempts,  it will crash in the middle of whatever you were doing. It is currently more annoying and a waste of space than anything. Also it would be nice if documents could be created offline and offline documents could have the option to be edited.
I have used dropbox for saving my stuff. But now I completely switched to Google Drive as it is stable and reliable. More over u don't need to create new user id as my existing gmail id is enough. I am really looking for option over any directory : 'Available Offline' . I want all my 50 articles placed in a Directory should be available Offline. Now I need to select all the pdf's one by one and need to apply available Offline. It's the worst thing I like to do. Please add this handy feature in next update..
App is good. But crashes and freezes very frequently
I had to uninstall because it took up too much space on my phone and wouldnt let me put it on my sd card. Great tool, if i could copy the app to sd card instead of phone
It's a great cloud software, but I cannot get it for the life of me to allow me to edit my Google Docs.
I love Google Drive. However, I do not love this app. I really wish that we had the ability to move files between directories. Also, it would be fantastic if the files you stored locally would sync (upload any new updates along with downloading them).  Nexus 7
App works great but wish I could install on memory card. The had to uninstall because of space limitations..
I have an inexpensive phone so when an app takes up 10MB not including data it's a big deal.  The whole idea of an app like this is to fee up space on your phone.  Seams kinda big for what it does.  It's a list of files you have stored somewhere else and some upload download features
Doesnt work or Sync like its supposed to. Uploading always fails.
Would love to see password protected folders available.
Great app. But please make it to be able to be moved to micro sd 3 stars,,will become 5 if it's possible to be moved to micro sd
Great app. But please make it to be able to be moved to micro sd 3 stars,,will become 5 if it's possible to be moved to micro sd
I love the new Google Drive but my data usage has quadrupled!
I love google drive and use it all the time at home and want to use it at school. The problem? Google drive on phone is too simplified! You cant edit drawings and always have troubles viewing them. You even have to use a third party app to view the deawings! You cant even create a presentation within the app! Pleaseeeee fix these isues! Give more support and i would rate it instantly five stars
The layout is pretty good, but swiping should be utilized. The viewing and editing of documents is glitchy. Also, the loading of documents is relatively slow even if they are offline. There is no viable PDF reader that works well with the Nexus 7. PDF viewing should be integrated. Users should be able to edit by long pressing in order to edit where they want to. In viewing mode, text selection is unreliable.
I like the fact you can edit documents now, but this app has the same problem as Twitter and Facebook. If you have something this large, an SD option needs to be mandatory
One of the most let downs is the option to use wifi only  2nd is u can not download, u can only open 3rd is no folder sync/ I would love to have some folders sync anytime I put files in it, not have to "offline" every new file 4th at least dropbox uploads ur photos folder 5th computer version uses 1ghz of processor every time I put a new file,wtf? Old computers(mine) suffer greatly
This doesn't allow to be resident on the USB card. This app is huge and taking up a lot of my phones device memory.
Not clear about how this app functions if you don't have Google docs? Tried to save an attachment and checked the box to "convert to Google docs" but in the end had to uninstall and clear data off download manager for it to stop "downloading".
The Google Docs functionality still works well, but the rest is pretty useless since you can't download files to your phone.  If you're looking for a cloud storage app, just use dropbox instead.
It needs better video functions at least allow me to choose the quality of the video and not just downgrade to the absolute worst quality possible.
Would be great if you could export files like dropbox to your SD.
It keeps opening all my documents in my mobile browser instead of the built in editor which makes this app almost worthless to me. Please fix this.
Uninstalled because cannot move it to SD card. It's too big to keep on older phone.
Not so good
updates extremely slow, even over wifi. instant on Nexus 7.
Agree with Freeman about editing docs. Ability to sort photos and other docs into folders thru phone would have made it five stars. Please consider Google
As a visual person I have color coded my drive folders, and I wish this showed up in the droid app too.
Pretty slow in comparison with other apps.
Perfect app for having my resume and other inportant docs with me where ever I go!!
Useable
Cool app needs more space
third to update - package file is invalid. uninstalled then tired to reinstall - package file is invalid. app is currently not installed.  :-(
Upload to specific folder, creation of a folder from the app its self, download multiple files, download whole folders the list goes on.
Upload to specific folder, creation of a folder from the app its self, download multiple files, download whole folders the list goes on.
My google spreadsheet has 350 rows but drive only shows up to 250, despite several refresh.Pls fix this ASAP.Thanks.
For it to be up there with drop box it needs to let us choose where to upload our files , seems like a no brainer but yet to be implemented.
Hung at uploading, i guess it works for some people but not for me
Please add some file management tools like copy/move. Also I'd like to choose where to upload new files. Create Folders/Upload folders?
At least add a folder sync!
Lacks certain things!!!!!!
As an app, this is a great idea.  For my desktop and laptop, it makes them share nicely without file transfer, which is great.  However, it is, like all Google apps, so freakin' huge and only installs to phone's internal memory, with no option to move it to SD.  This means that until this app can be moved to the SD card, I can't hold it on my phone unless I want to uninstall maps, Youtube or one of the other essential apps for a phone to serve its purpose. Fix it, Google developers.  Make it SD movable.
Rudimentary document editor, tables in documents created on desktops not supported on phone app. Spreadsheet is nice. Shared docs, liver collaboration is good.
Great step for Google.    Yet several drawbacks.   Documents opened slowly, even offline documents.    Could not move files between folders.
Already transfer all of my files from dropbox to drive but.. 1. Sync take so much time and sometimes some folder not showing up. 2. Should have ability to upload files to specific folders 3. Should have ability to move files to any folder on drive
Awesome but i would love to have it password protected option like drop box.
other than that, its great. Grimm then, not even a text editor?
Upload several gigs of pics and videos individually?! Cmon Google, you're joking right?.  To make it worse there are too many steps to upload.  I pay for storage on your servers, this is a step in the right direction but there NEEDS to be mass uploading.
(web) Pls create a online photo viewer which can do slideshows and more.  (app) enhancement - grid view, thumbnails, and more viewing options especially for photos. Coz right now if someone shares a album, app is able to display only the file name, so if I want to download selected photos how I'm u suppose to do it, which is disgusting.
It's ok. Great place to store files I want to access wherever since I use my gmail for everything. How do I move a file into a folder using this app? I can't even do it from the website on my tablet because it doesn't work right.
In order to manage files, you need to be able to create sub folders. Online you can, but this critical function is missing in the app.
Please bring gallery view function to the app and to the website! I really want to switch from Dropbox to Google Drive, and I'll subscribe to a data plan as soon as the function goes live, I promise :)
The offline documents don't work offline
Not as good as Dropbox but I'll hang in there to see if they can improve it. I still use Dropbox too.
The inability to manage, or create folders, makes this useless. When you have a lot of files it makes management a nightmare. On the other hand the live editing collaboration makes it a must have app.
It would be nice if documents and spreadsheets were easier to edit with my phone. Very glitchy. Won't let me submit changes. MyTouch4G
I will update my review by 1 star if Google enables one of the following points I have outlined below.  It will be 5 stars if they do both!  1.  Allow users to download files to their device; you don't need to take away the offline viewing that you current have--- just give us to the option to also download.   2.  Allow users to create homescreen shortcuts to files.  Right now, I have to to (a) go to the Google Drive website, (b) open the file in the browser, (c) add the page as a bookmark, (d) create a shortcut to the bookmark on my homescreen, (e) tell android to always open the file with Google Drive app.  It would be so much easier if, in the Google Drive app, I could long press on the file and have the option to "Create shortcut on homescreen"
Right now, there's no way to put something on Drive and then to save it locally on your phone using the app. It just has options like make available offline, or opening it. This app seriously needs a way to just tap on any file and choose where to save the actual file to on your phone/tablet, then it'll be 5 stars.
Automatic upload.  Not just camera, but that would be a minimum.  Would like to specify "watch" folders on my devices and have those automatically upload on new file creation.
Good, but it needs more features. The ability to upload videos captured on the phone for example, or photos from the gallery. More like drop box basically.
As soon as I try to zoom in, the document disappears.
Does most of the things I want to but 1. why am I restricted to uploading files from my gallery and music store only (rather than full file system) and 2. why can I not create new folders? Come on Google, I expect a bit better!
Its a nice and useful app but still lack features like copying the link instead of "send link" option. UI needs improvements too.
...like so many Google apps has mysterious omissions. This one: no obvious way to LOG OUT and log back in using another id. Yes, sometimes we need to.
It's just a web viewer for my google doc files. Spreadsheets don't show tabs correctly for some charts. Has lots of work but 3 stars for simplicity and makes sharing easy
It's useful, but unable to create or view existing tables within documents. Unable to export files onto the sd card and into the file system. Sometimes crashes
The concept of this is great, but points are removed for not being able to make folders available offline.
Works great until I try to copy and file to my phone's storage. Once an option is given to save the files to folders on my phone, it'll be great.
But good for light things.
Should be able to make folders on app in drive to store items like the are on my sd card and  multiple uploads to do how albums or all music
Can't download files. It's very frustrating.
Seems a fine way too access files in your Google Drive, I guess.
I would very much like the ability to make folders available offline, not just single files.
Its a awesome app but I can't seem to access my folders. I feel its necessary to access all of my content. Please update...
I barely use this app because Dropbox auto upload is much more convenient. Add automatic camera upload (or even auto file backup) and I'll use it every day.
Tries to be too smart and it just doesn't work. Just let me download things normally please.
Uploading multiple photos is tedious with out the ability to select more than one. Please add, I would like this app to surpass apples cloud.
I love Drive, and I love this app. However, I cannot give it five stars, not yet. The main reason is because you can only "makes files accessible offline", you cannot (from within the app) download the files from your Drive to anywhere you want on your phone (for example, Downloads on your SD card). This is crucial for me as I use a cloud storage system for file transfers to and from my phone. This is very important to me, and it's currently the only thing preventing me from switching completely from SkyDrive to Google Drive. If this were added in the future, I would have no problems giving this app five stars.
Needs offline access..
The way it sits, anyone who picks up your phone can view your documents.  With Dropbox you have to enter your e-mail address and password.  That kind of security is what this apparently lacks and needs.
Good Start, Improve and add features! :) Google apps improve over time, I have faith that they will improve this app in the near future.
g drive is on my status however it is missing lots of reporting thingsos that lets me lots of important things like me to sing and sending by email, it's not drop box cheats but I'm sure it will be 1 day
Would give more stars but you can't download and save things so they're actually on your phone.
Like many other I am looking forward to being able to switch from DropBox. There are some features however that feel need to be included.  One big thing that bugs me is that I don't like that I have to mark individual files to be available offline.  I want to be able to have entire folders available or even my entire Drive account.  Along with this it is frustrating that I cannot create files when I am offline.  I either have to be online and create a Google Doc or create my files in some other application and then move it when I am connected.  It would be nice to either be able to create the Google Doc offline and save it to my drive or have a folder within the Android file system which represents the Google Drive files, much like it works with Syncing on the PC.
Good, but spreadsheet editing is nearly worthless.
Can not edit formula in spreadsheet, uninstalled.
Needs size reduced. Needs to be able to move to SD card. It's using 11MB and I have no local files stored.
But where are more features? Instant camera upload, and allot of other stuff is missing.  Add more FEATURES!
I love using Google Drive now to take notes on my Transformer tablet with dock and being able to read them on my computer later or phone while on the go.  The one thing that irks me is that I am unable to create a document while I am not connected to a wifi source.  I wish that I could start a document without being connected to the internet and then once I get connected later have the ability to sync.  If this ever happens then the app will be 5 stars no doubt.
I got error note not found when click on the widget
Features (other than d core cloud) are so primitive.. Yu cant even create a folder through yur android.. Wud b great if audio or video cud b streamed (not complaing abt it though)..
Can't download files to my phone...
Compared to competing office products which support editing Google Docs, this Google provided solution is slow.  If you plan on creating or editing word/excel documents on the go.  Use Documents To Go, it supports Google docs, runs quicker, and is more user-friendly when editing documents.
Where is the ability to make a folder from the app? Upload to a folder directly? MOVE FILES?! When I want to download a video from there I don't want the compressed version. Give me what I gave you.
Does anyone know if there is anyway to password protect google drive when you have downloaded the app on to your android device? Dropbox has that option wherein you enter your password before you actually see your files.    Otherwise google drive works fine for me although dropbox is somewhat more user friendly.
I have a low end phone. I simply do not have room if it can't run on SD card.
This really is an excellent app, it has many many more features in the text editor than i've been able to find anywhere else on the android market. However the one crucial thing it's lacking is the ability to edit folders! i can't organize my documents from my tablet, which makes things very inconvenient. please fix this! if i can get that one feature, i'd happily give 5 stars!
Drive really needs to improve. Like when created new file it should have the option about which folder to save . And also able to edit pdf like saving it when u have filled the .pdf fform . Just like the rest of formats
I upload stuff from my computer to my drive but they don't appear instantly in my drive in my phone. Not for hours, not for days...
Please  add drag and drop or other way to move documents between folders. The widget is ugly too.
Please  add drag and drop or other way to move documents between folders. The widget is ugly too.
Please  add drag and drop or other way to move documents between folders. The widget is ugly too.
Pretty decent and a good start. Pros are it's an official app from Google and it's always in sync. Unable to edit existing docs and no offline mode are two major cons. No offline mode makes it difficult to justify this as a true mobile app as they should have taken into account documents may need to be viewed/created/edited in areas or situations where a data connection may not exist.
Drop box is better
Can only access the offline files through the app... Kind of makes this app pointless if you ask me. Annoying to play mp3's one at a time in this manner.
Good for business recommend.
good
Nice app, but it would have been better if we can upload files from file explorer. Right now gallery, music player and recorder are only source.
Unbelievable that I cannot put this,(and many other Google) app into my SD card. Why are the developers so thick?
Amazing app, I use it for my church group to share church files. I'm LDS  5 stars for me!
Great for storage. Not so good for office
When setting files offline, please allow choosing the target of the cached files, i.e. internal memory / SD card etc. This is a very compelling feature that's missing. Also I think this app and Play music should be somehow work together or at least know about each other. Besides that it's a great app.
Need to be able to create folders within drive and able to upload multiple items from gallery or just sync gallery
This is awesome!
Awsome app, I just don't see why there is a size limit... Also it fails to upload half the time
Pulls docs out of Google drive and present to you nicely. Unfortunately it crashed on me 1st time after about 5 .mins
Good
Ok che
It's an amazing start, but the horrid "docs" GUI that lacks functionality and simplicity is a shame. Mr Google needs to make the mobile docs work like the browser based one. It's jarring going from an excellent office replacement to "this". The drive itself could use auto uploading too. I'd rather upload to my PC then pick what goes to Google +.
Missing make folders offline
Unable to edit offline documents. Unable to make collections offline. Unable to move or drag n drop docs into collections. Leaves a lot to be desired!
Good for viewing files but falls short when you want to download.
Stil not very effective. Buggy.  Also if files are made availabe offline why can't we edit them and just upload the new ones?
Randomly stops working for me. The
Love drive but cant auto sync folders like photos etc like on Dropbox. Would love to be able to selct folders to auto sync into drive..
We're unpaid testers.
....but it's not that bad
....is Google Drive service facing now, if it wants to catch up with Dropbox.
Lacks photo preview. Thumbnail images would be helpful when locating pictures. I'll rate the app a five star once this feature is available.
Since the update, I have had non stop issues with Google not able to sign into account errors.  Had to remove from syncing in account options.
..but would be awsome if you could download files from it, then i would give it 5 stars.
I love this app. It's perfect for reading documents on the way to work.  Unfortunately the 5mb it says it is actually turns out to be over 10mb on my phone, that and no option to move to sd card means I've been forced to uninstall it
Its a good app, & I appreciate the extra free space compared to Dropbox. My one concern is that you can't load a file to a specific folder from the app, only desktop. Please allow this function in update. Thank you Google.
It would be really nice if you have a password option.
I cannot understand why Google Drive doesn't allow me to actually download a file to my phone?  For example, just try and figure out how to use it to copy a zip file from PC to the phone via the cloud.  It cannot be done.  This should be a no-brainer!  This would be a 5-star app (possibly 6) if file downloading to phone was possible.  Instead, I'll stick with DropBox.
Why did this update if my drive isn't ready yet? How about wait til your stuff's done before you hand it out.  Lame
But think you could trim the fast a little
Wish I was able to view items without having to dl them first. Dropbox makes viewing items much faster & easier
Note up to par with the desktop version: can't create folder, cannot save items file to local file system. Needs improvements
Needs export option
Plz add download option.
Doesn't always sync up and why does it need access to the camera to take pictures and video? What exactly do the google guys do with those pics?
(Xoom Android) 4.0.4.  Problems with formatting of txt files on tablet.
Would be nice if we can upload directly to a specific folder using the gallery or the widget like dropbox
Works as it should, really missing a major feature to upload more than one file at a time though, 5 stars with that addition
Still no ability to create folders within the app? This is silly.
Why can we still not move files to different collections? Or have I not figured this out yet?
I find it much more stable and compatible then the competing programs.   Great work!!
Needs work to compete with the likes of Dropbox and Box, expected more from Google! I want to create a folder on my phone not my laptop, I want to upload my photos direct ala Dropbox! Come on Google, these are what's stopping me increasing my storage....
Doing it's job well enough. Let's hope for the best.
It's very annoying that I'm not able to download files right to my phone.  I have to use dropbox if I want to move files from my PC to phone.
Can't save to phone or even print from app.
Editing spreadsheets is an atrocious experience.
I wish this app was much less reliant on the Internet, and specifically the browser. Offline storage and sync would be awesome.
Unlike dropbox I have to browse to offline files to open my passwordsafe file. Dropbox allowed you to open it directly via passwordsafe.
Why can we still not make folders available offline? Also, Google need to roll out an app for editing on android phones, or build it into Google Docs
Worthless. Drop box way better
It's okay overall but the document scanner kinda sucks.
Amazing app and program but I need to be able to save things on my sd especially for files I need offline access to or software I use for my app development t
It's a JOKE!
Better than drop box
What it says on the tin, except that you cannot download to SD! ? Why not? That ability would be worth 2 further stars
No Tablet layout. This is useless.
Tables in Docs still not supported for view on phones, edit on phones and tablets... Even after today update. That's bat. How I can edit that docs on tablet or phone?
1) When you create a new document, it doesn't create the file in the current folder you're in.  Dumb! 2) Worse, you can't move a document from one folder to another.  Dumber!
Love it on the PC, but it has caused me a headache on mobile. Please make it so I can download a picture directly to my gallery so I can easily set it as my wallpaper.
Still can't create a document when you don't have a signal.
I really need a Create Presentation option.  Plus, the spreadsheet sucks.  If those two things are changed for the better, I'll give it 5 stars.  For now, it's gonna have to be 3.  Sorry, Google.
I think this app is a good start but I feel like it's not quite complete.  I have been unable to create a folder from within the Drive app. I have only been able to do so from the Drive/Docs website.  Every new document I create from the Drive app is placed on the root of my Drive - even if I'm browsing another folder when I click create. This wouldn't be so bad except that I have been unable to move files between folders from the Drive app. So it's back to the Drive/Docs website to organize files.  I have been unable to share by URL from within the app. I have only been able to share by email/username. URL sharing is available from the Drive/Docs website.   Verizon HTC Incredible ADR3600 Running CM7.2
Signed up for Google Drive and installed on my computer - great.  Decided to download the app to my HTC Wildfire S phone.  Downloaded great and really useful.  But, it has now filled up my internal storage on my phone.  Drive cannot be transferred to the SD card.  Sorry, I've got to uninstall.  Please Google make it more user friendly for little phones like mine.
App is good, but needs additional options, like creating folders and sharing with, not only my contacts in Gmail, but with anybody who has the link
Always selects when scrolling thru files on drive after ics update on thinkpad tablet. Very annoying!
(Asus transformer prime) Please update the app so that you can load entire folders at once from android devices. Dropbox and Dropsync are what I am currently using. It would be nice to be able to switch to a service that handles syncing and storage with one app, which drive seems to do (I like to bounce between my laptop and tablet to do school work), but I don't want to move all my files one at a time from my tablet. I hope that the PC client at least allows this. hopefully I will be able to move all my files at once tonight. I would rate five stars if this functionality was added, but right now seems too big of an inconvenience to make the leap from Dropbox.
Good
Would rate this app a whole 5 stars but I hate the constant loss of internet. I have 5 bars of 3G or 4G service and I still lose connection.
Need a simple way to save files and folders to sdcard. Or at least a way to make entire folders available offline
It is not allowing me to upload my contacts backup.
Wanted to upload some of my music, but the only options were to upload single tracks or albums. Disappointed
Love it! Add separate simple Scratchpad app... iPhone has had this since the beginning.
For some reason whenever i. Upload with drive from my phone to my drive acct online my status bar goes crazy and wont drag down and eventually after 10 minutes or so force closes. Im certain it is drive as i only have this issue while uploading. T-mobile G2 android 2.3
If it was on my device I would use it more...but its on the cloud
It works as far as backup is concerned but you cannot download your own files and there's no thumbnail view.  Fail
I was hoping to use this not just as a way to share and back up files but also transfer files from one place to another. Now this is ok on PCs as you can dragndrop/copynpaste files etc.  However on the app you can only make something available offline, which means for example if I wanted to play a song I kept on there Id have to waste my time going onto the app and finding the song to play it as OFCOURSE my music player wouldnt be able to find it EVEN if I made it offline.  I thought also if its offline it must mean the file is on the phone somewhere! I finally found it on "/mnt/sdcard/Android/Data/com.google.android.apps.docs/files/pinned_docs_Files_do_not_edit/" through my folder manager after googling about it but when I moved the files to my music folder they wouldnt play. They ONLY play when I open them through google drive!  This is really ridiculous!   So this app is ONLY for files that you want once in a while like documents etc.  Also if I wanted to upload anything Id have to do it one by one and same for making offline. There isnt any multiple select option :/   I dont know If Im going to use
As others have mentioned no bulk upload by folder, which is the first thing anyone taking photos or videos wants to do. You cant download files you can only "make available offline".  Not all files will open this way.  I end up using the web browser version for downloads.
Why i cant download my music directly on my phone.  I can only listen on streaming.  Need to be improved
Save to SD Needs thumbnails. Needs to specify folders when uploading from Gallery.
App needs to be installed to SD to save memory, can't do this at present.
Needs better features. Ex: select multiple files, create folders, move files, etc...
Hi this is a great app but unfortunately the documents I opened have 'table not supported' problem. Please fix this. Thanks in advance.
You can download files to your phone through the webpage, but not the app....
I want to download files on the app
Azért töröltem, mert nem lehet áthelyezni SD kártyára és nagyon sok helyet foglal így.
Good but could use navigation like in Gmail and Maps so the back button isn't needed. Also, you should be able to move files into folders or select what folder to upload to.
"Drive"? Makes me think it was a navigation program. "Disk" would have been better. Slow to open. Clicking in documents open to edit, when I really just want to scroll. Offline mode does not allow editing or creation of files, which I feel is misleading. When typing,  letters on screen are not updating in real time, but lagging, which is confusing. Cells in spreadsheet hard to hit on my screen.
Needs table support for docs, and offline editing in general. Without this, I'd rather just use the 19GB I have on dropbox. Btw, Android needs a standard document editor like windows phone... Please add offline editing!
Good concept. Trying to upload music or video files from the phone causes app to hang then crash. Smaller docs and photos seem to work. WiFi and 3G. Xperia Arc.
I use this feature from Google all the time. I find it very useful to have access to many of my files online. However, I don't use it very much on my phone, but it still uses a large amount of my battery, even more than my display o_O.
Please add possibility to upload to specific directory, not just root
Not a bad app... love the clean looking UI, but all i want to do is download a file to my phone but it is such a mission just to do that
It would be so much nicer if my offline files could be accessible using a consistent, predictable path.
Uses twice the space as dropbox app even after moving to SD card. Improve the app size and then I will start to use it.
I love this app but it randomly keeps giving me a synch error and I have uninstalled several times. Keeps giving me same issue. What do I do? -mytouch 4g
Google is behind the curve on this one.  There are tons of features at the document storage level that are missing, not to mention the document level.  Hopefully, there will be some big updates in short order.
cannot create folder in android app. so i need to create by windows app first. please include basic file handling functions in an app.
Another useful app from Google. This app is quite big in size, how about adding App2SD?
When photos auto upload, it will be 5 stars, need to catch up to icloud, or I will be defecting next year...
Good
Well, I'm dissappointed in Google. This app doesn't allow the files to be shared locally, You can NOT copy the files or move them from the file Manager. Still, the Google drive is good. I couldn't make 1 star, because the program is just fine. I wish they can add some access properties to the program.
Love the app, but it needs to be able to support tables in documents.
Ужасные тормоза делают использование программы на планшете НЕвозможное!
Can't create files/folders on phone!
Needs the ability to automatically sync folders from the SD Card and be able to upload files and move them between folders. Also, on the SD Card, Drive is still called Docs.
Good app but force closes frequently
On my galaxy tab. Opens and runs in the background. While I'm using something else, the entire system pauses while a"force close" box appears for this app.
Drive works fine but is no better than drop box or the many other choices for cloud storage. A big setback is that you cannot download a folder, only individual files which can be very frustrating.
Need a way to sync an entire folder to the sd card.. As in  the uk we dont have google music want to put all my music on google drive and have it refresh in music folder on my phone
Drive is incredible for google docs document syncing, but not so much for files that you'd like to edit outside of the drive/docs app.   The closest we get to a simple 'download' is "make available offline," which hides the file from you somewhere on your device. This would be ok, except if I accidentally make it available offline twice, do I then have two copies on my device, taking up space? Who knows! We can't directly manage those files to find out. Dropbox solved this with their "export to SD/storage" feature.  We're also not able to choose which program we'd like to use to open a given file. Seems like Drive chooses the first capable app, alphabetically. This is far from ideal when you have different programs that are better at different tasks. A PDF editor vs a PDF printer, for example.
Spreadsheet viewing and editing is almost too basic to be usable. Cannot resize columns. Columns do not size correctly.
Why can't Drive be put on the SD card?
Please make it instant open...
Need top make a folder a on pc where top drop the things and sync automatic.
Great app but wish i could delete multiple files at once rather than delete one at a time
Nice :-)
This app could be much better, however, there is no easy way to export files to your SD card, and having to use data just to open files is ridiculous
Fantastic extension of google docs, but there is one rather glaring restriction with the app.  You cannot download the files from the cloud to a specific folder on your phone.  This annoys me because I like to keep all my pictures in the same folder, but with google drive, you can make the files able to be accessed "offline" but it puts them in the android folder instead of allowing you to choose where they go. Also, they cant be accessed except through the app.  Once this oversight gets fixed, this will be an excellent dropbox replacement.
Fantastic extension of google docs, but there is one rather glaring restriction with the app.  You cannot download the files from the cloud to a specific folder on your phone.  This annoys me because I like to keep all my pictures in the same folder, but with google drive, you can make the files able to be accessed "offline" but it puts them in the android folder instead of allowing you to choose where they go. Also, they cant be accessed except through the app.  Once this oversight gets fixed, this will be an excellent dropbox replacement.
Maybe it was just a poor and hasty transition to their new platform, but I found the old google docs file system to be easier to manage.  From my perspective Drive didn't add any new fuctionality that Docs didn't already have, just made it harder to use.  I have to do a search on my phone through recent documents for any shared document I haven't opened yet.  Even if I've opened it 10 times from a computer.  This didn't happen with Docs.  And the whole single folder sync is obnoxious.  Docs let you sync the files to a PC.  I don't know where they were kept, but I didn't have some random folder that I couldn't rename, couldn't move and had to keep track of.
Cannot see some of my folders
We get 5gb...so it is good..
Can't access files offline via file manager.  Also, thumbnails would be much appreciated.
Useful app to me but desire (very much) the ability to edit formulas and view spreadsheets in "spreadsheet" view instead of "list" only.
If Google is adding support for folder offline sync, then I am pretty happy... until then I stick with Dropbox and DropSync
Basic functionality is there, but it needs some features. First of all, make it easier to download files to your device outright, as opposed to making them available offline. Second, it would be great to be able to make entire folders available offline, as this would also automatically update NEW files.
can't specify where to download the files, drop box can do it.almost useless
I wish just supported photos and pictures better. Such as better gallery views.
Not quite is effortless as evernote
One feature that must be implemented is downloading files to a custom location. Sometimes we don't need google drive to control everything that happens with the file. Or bare minimum make the local folder structure easier to browse so if I access my files with the system file manager it would have the folder names that match google drive.
Its great and I love drive, but when I am trying to edit/view a document, I get this like message where it wants me to sign in, and it looks like it is loading. But it never loads. If I touch the sign in this, the keyboard just comes up, and then just leaves. This is just with the more recent update.  So I have been using the browser instead.   Last time I fixed this by uninstalling and installing the app. But is shouldent have to do that every time I want to use the app. That's over kill.
Can't write, or do anything with it. it's a waste to the memory.can't even update it now!
You can't organize files. You can't view images only download them. Titles are small. The only advantage over dropbox is the size limit and the pricing
My digital life is now almost completely Google based..
I would enjoy this app a lot more if viewing pictures was easier. You have to view them one at a time and they take a while to load. Overall, dissapointed.
Have to retry uploading a dozen times to upload things, keep getting a generic upload failed message
how does this compare with the dropbox app? thx.
Simple for just backing up your files online without the need to download anything special on your computer. I really don't like that I cannot create a folder or sort my files by type tough. I'd really like to have all my images in one category, documents, etc. versus the current alphabetical sorting system. Please make sorting easier and more user-friendly! Batch actions would also be great for those who have a lot of files.
Why are tables in Documents not supported? It works in mobile version...
All works very well except for the fact that there is no option to move specific files into specific folders after I uploaded them to Drive even when I try to upload directly from the intended folder itself. I have to go on the Web on a computer to do it.  Also like others have said, need ability to manage (add, move, make offline etc.) folders like on Web version.
It still needs a lot to work on. Like adding a new folder, or uploading multiple files at once. In addition, if camera uploads is going to be added to it, it will definitely be a 5-star app!
Transfering files back and forth between Google drive and my PC, I lost several Excel files, but they re-appeared and the world was a nice place again.  MMMmmmmm.... maybe I will keep Google Drive after all.   And finally my excel sheets don't open so Google drive you are History....won't use you again..
I love Google services. I am edging ever closer to moving all of my work to Google's cloud. My one issue is that we are still not at a point where internet is available everywhere. The one killer feature that Google Drive is missing is the ability to create documents while offline. This would make Google Drive a complete alternative to other mobile office apps.
Having an option of selecting several files (e.g. to share multiple files) would add convenience to the app
Make more options, like create and upload in a folder.
Would have loved the ability to create, edit folders and a feature to move files around to organize documents better. ICS 4.03 on GT N7000
Need to be able to upload/create files from my phone into specific folders, not just root of the drive. Will change the rating when functionality is available
Something to store your documents and what I needed.  The biggest annoyance is the extreme difficulty in typing and editing documents when you're in landscape mode. Sometimes the typing disappears from sight, and the toolbar to set italics and such is not seen.
Can't see group shared files, only those shared with me specifically. Otherwise great app
Чето текст по фото не распознает в документ на русском :-(
Decent app, needs ability to move to sd card to get my best rating
We have multiple Google accounts (Google Apps for Business) and the BIG drawback is that the desktop client unfortunately does not handle multiple accounts. This is a deal breaker for any serious corporate application. Of course Google Drive can function for sharing documents with multiple accounts in the browser environment, just not with the desktop client.   Hey Google Guys, all that high level engineering and you can't figure out simple account switching in a desktop client?  As for personal use, Drive is quite fantastic, Dropbox beware! The PC desktop app very slick but only if a user has only one Google account.
I like to have the PIN code for extra level of security I have with dropbox. Will hold to move until more security is added.
Hits a lot of good points with its storage size and integration, but falls terribly short with folder management, batch file settings, and (most anoyingly) handling the opening app for unknown file types. Currently, not worth it. Wait until its refined before you commit to the switch.
Overall, this app is pretty good. It allows me to edit documents I've saved on Google Docs, which is very convenient. The only drawback that I've run into is the fact that my slide out keyboard does not fully work within the app. More specifically, the shift, function and enter keys do not work at all. This means that whenever I need to use a capitol letter, a number, a punctuation mark or create to a new line, I need to switch to the on screen keyboard. >.< 5 stars if it gets fixed. Optimus Slider, v.2.3.4
Three Stars for some awesomeness! But please please please have it pin protected like the dropbox app is!!!!!
when I set a file to be offline it downloads it somewhere (on the SD I suppose) but then when I try to access it, it tries to move the file to the internal storage. Since I have very limited internal storage (HTC desire) it saturates the internal storage and the application crashes and in the end I cannot access the file... to bad. Also it would be nice to be allowed to set a whole directory to be stored offline so we could have an exchange folder that automatically uploads files we put into it to the phone. Or to be allowed to set files or folder to offline from the web interface.
Google se apresuro demasiado aun necesita cocinar un poco mas esta app pero yo no dudo en usarla yo apoyo a google incondicionalmente
Considering the early phase of the development of this app, I think it is pretty well done, live everything Google does, from a technical point of view. It's ease of use and functionality is satisfying, and I already store more files here than on my Dropbox account.   However, typing can be a pain in the ass on my HTC Sensation with ICS. I use SwiftKey, which I never had any problems with, but in Google Drive, the letters are sometimes mssed up, and correcting typos can be a nightmare. That is the main reason I haven't abandoned Evernote yet.  Also I cannot make files accessible offline on my system. I always get a notification that making my file accessible offline failed, and it is really frustrating. It is the primary reason that I still did not completely switch from Dropbox to Drive.
why google doesnt have own doc viewer? where is google docs for android??
Drive has a lot of potential to be an amazing app, but right now there are just too many things wrong or missing for it to replace dropbox. Until it is further developed and improvements are made, Drive isn't an app that I'll be using.
Works great on the web & Mac, but more often than not on Android I can't access files due to a connection error. Happens even when connected to Wi-Fi. Hope app improves.
Google drive helped me to sent my files on my PC. I usually edit my doc on tablet. I found it wound sent it back to my pc. That couldn't call "sync"
It doesn't have support table for document. When I open an uploaded document, it showing that 'item not supported'. Please update this program for full support.
But needs a better text editor and spreadsheet editor, especially for tablets. I still find myself using ThinkFree office on my tablet and then uploading to Google Drive. Other than that, its great!
App works great until today when out of the blue I'm consistently getting a runtime error notification. Nothing has changed on my Google Drive for days, so I don't know why this is happening. I have removed all apps on Google Drive as well. I hope they fix this soon!
Three gripes: 1) No Linux client 2) Sync is slow 3) Export/download to folder/sdcard option is missing  Fix these and guaranteed 5 start.
Many editing features seem to be missing or just really difficult to figure out, especially in spreadsheets. Also, while you can list documents by label, there doesn't seem to be any ability to change a document's labels. I really hate that I have to turn on my computer for a two minute change because I can't edit these things on my tablet.
I really like Google docs or drive, but what I don't like is when I am editing my docs and then from page to page it just connects, so I can't divide it by pages. I am trying to make a book, but its just confusing how when I edit, it just connects from page to page
I would like to get weblink easier
Need offline folder option
Still needs a lot of work
It needs to learn from the dropbox app. Please make the pics to be seen in thumbnail mode and to download files to your phone.
We need the ability to have the app watch whole folders (ie the camera folder) and auto-upload everything to the Drive.  Otherwise it's not very useful for what I want.
Why is nothing that google puts out , have the option for app2sd support? Am I missing something? Big files....no widgets? So why no app2sd support? I love you google, but you keep letting me down!
Good app
Dropbox can
Looks like a great app... But it keeps saying runtime exception Google docs synchronisation erro!.  I'm not sure why?
A useful app that really needs a password option to prevent unauthorized users from opening and accessing potentially sensitive files.  Dropbox has it, time for google to catch up!
Too slow. No option to send a link for the file by mail to the recipient who hasn't the same app. Also please issue the iOS version. Sorry for my English.
nice ui and sync abbilyties but if it was abble to create offline doc-s and sync them later when you have access to internet it will be perfect. if that is done i will delete my office app-s because i will not need them any more.
i played with it,  but can't keep using it.  not yet anyway.  there its no way to get a public link like in Dropbox. when that is integrated then maybe I'll switch.
In Dropbox, you can save files to any folder of your phone. Please, Google, add the same feature so i can delete dropbox already. Exporting a file, and save it to your phone's memory/external sd will make this app better than DB
How do u edit documents in online mode?? Evo3d
There's no way to set a password to protect Drive documents.
I only updated to drive in a god send hope that I could edit my docs without needing wifi/cellular reception bit alas it didn't pan out. Until that feature is added this is staying at a 3 because I'm not coping a 30 thousand word document into a new document
... No way to change font sizes! Good thing I have office to go which I used way back on my palm (before they had wifi or cellular support)
I have used G Drive weekly since it urged me to download it from the previous Google Docs. Just today it ceased to pull up the documents on my tablet. As I pulled up the information I could only get the list of titles on My Drive and Offline, however the documents would not pull up. I am being asked for my gmail pass word but it's not allowing me to type my password in. I feel it's a great program, I'd just like to be able to use it again the way I previously could.
When I select a document it appears as blank unless i then select to edit the document at which point the text returns. I can't see document text unless i select to edit it. That is a fail.
Has a long way to go till its as good as dropbox though. Takes a long time to update and doesn't show some folders from my drive.
I really wanted this to work and was hoping that it would be like Dropbox, but more integrated with Android. Instead it doesn't even come close to Dropbox. Poor interface and difficult to operate. How do I move files from one folder to the other? How do I multi select? How do I even create folders?
It's awesome but folders cannot be created in google drive android apps.
The features are awesome. Its just for some reason when i preview the file, it wont appear within the preview screen. If theres a resolution to this, i need some feedback.
The app is good but please provide the features such as 1) those files can be moved to any folders through this app; and 2) files selected from external apps can be uploaded to specific folders. Thanks.
Using myTouch 4g Slide by HTC from T-Mobile. Frequently (nearly always) when I hit the Shift key, the letters are still lowercase. Other than that, no problems. Convenient for Google docs, the only word processor I use any more.
Good idea but needs the drop box style auto sync!
Would take a paid subscription, but 25 Gb isn't enough.  Should be virtually unlimited space.  Also, would like to see a PIN mechanism upgrade... Signing in is a pain with login.  Dull interface.
If i upload files to my drive from my pc, my drive shows empty on my phone even after a refresh and when i restarted my phone. Only when i star my folders from my pc does it show on my phone??
Syncing with the desktop is not as reliable as the Dropbox, and it takes forever to sync.
This is overall a very good app for storing files etc, but I am a student and don't always have an internet connection via Wi-Fi or 3G & i downloaded this app for the one thing it doesn't provide: being able to edit & save (not necessarily sync) files on the go,with an internet connection.  I may just wiat until something like that happens, or I may switch to a new app,but please make a change to suit those still in school!  I love the app but I just don't see the purpose of it when I lack an internet connection unless i want to see finished offline files.  Again, please change this!
Good start but a bit buggy.  Quite often no shared folders appear.  Other than that, a preview would be nice.
many flaws -need file browser -automatic syncing of selected folders -hav to select individual items to perform actions (multiselect, in short)
A little buggy, but good needs to add a camera uploader that backs up pics as you take them. That's the one edge dropbox still has.
Great app! But I would love for it to be integrated into android to automatically back up your files of choice. That would make it excellent.
Please add the feature to share files through other apps, such as messaging, twitter, Facebook, whatsapp. Also provide feature for share by direct link.
Not being able to specify a location to save a document is a real problem. What is the point of having this if I can't do what I need to do with my files? This isn't going to be a realistic replacement for Dropbox until that is fixed.
Please let me view pictures within a folder by swiping
some folders are just missing. I know google likes 'search don't sort' but I just want access to my folders in 2012
It's an ok free app and dose the job but there isn't anyone that can compete with livedrive
Not sure if it's the app or program for the computer, but after making changes to a doc (xls) and "syncing" my drive folder (on the PC) files are not being updated through the app. With dropbox, the files are immediately updated
Love the app and sync to desktop/other devices. Major flaw with this is the 'Make Offline' function is useless. You urgently need to add the ability to 'Make Offline' or download to a Drive folder etc so that any Photos etc can be used on the device in stead of hidden away in a root folder. No better than other apps until then! Simple change would make this #1. oh and the make folders available offline too.
Indeed another great G App. However,(i do not beg often) please Google Girls and Guys add save/export to SD function! I am so tired to Up/Down via Dropbox ... Thank You. (paid G Drive user)
Love Google Drive as a service but this app needs folders for offline and ability to export a file to a specific place on SD Card ala Dropbox for Android.
Its really easy doing an eassay that you have due the next day. And have no computer next to you.
For me, one of the most basic functions for Drive is to share files between my PC and mobile... so why won't the app allow to copy files from Google Drive to the mobile's memory??
I am waiting in anticipa......... tion for the next instalment. :-)
You cannot create new folders, or choose a folder to upload files to.
I had to uninstall because of little space in phone memory. Well install when it will be movable to SD.
Why don't they have an image icon on the mobile version?....am I supposed to go through 1 by 1 with all the pics on there in order to find one?...annoying? Absolutely :-) please fix Google. Evo
Fantastic release of an awesome product. I'm looking forward to integration with more third party apps and services in the future. Once that happens, I'll definitely be paying for more space.
You cannot make a folder offline so you have to click on every single file to do so I have nearly a hundred folders within a folder and each has dozens of files for work. How do you expect me to individually make all these files available online? google needs to make folders able to be offline!
I need to be able to expert files from drive to my phone. Changing sharing properties and getting a link to the file to share is also necessary. Thumbnails of images would also be nice.
Cool app...need more than just 5gb though without extra cost.
The only complaint I have about Google Drive is the lack of being able to export offline files to wherever needed in the phone. It doesn't even tell you where the offline files are to move them manually.
Love google for many reasons good services great prices and products. But this so far does not equal or  better dropbox. Yes it  is priced better(who can compete  cost wise with google really), the issue  is that unlike  dropbox you cannot see your pics preview unless you  load them up first or play slide  them. I am sure google  will get there soon so I'm  still uploading all my files and be waiting but holding on to dropbox which is a great app.
Needs the ability to browse through all documents!
Works great so far but I am missing the ability to select a folder on my phone (ie my camera gallery) and have drive auto upload any new files. Being able to make a whole folder available offline seems important too. It has lots of promise though!
This will no doubt be great soon, but at the moment it is very large and doesn't do a huge amount. I'm uninstalling until it can move to SD. Uploading/Syncing folders would be awesome. Pinning docs for offline is cool.
I used google docs 3 years now. Drive is a nice and simple replacement. In the begin everything was ok. Since last update, sync problems started. Now I cannot sync my very important context! Please fix it fast, we need it properly and today!
I like how I can sync Drive to my desktop, but I don't like that I can't sync from this app to my phone. I have a 16GB card and a wifi connection, I want to sync everything to my phone! Please :)
Seems great. But it would be best of it can be moved to external storage. Uninstalling for now, as memory low problem. Thanks :-[
This app is an excellent idea that needs just "a little bit" more. An Android access from Google Drive to Microsoft Live Drive would be perfect. I know they are not allies, but, it would be so beneficial to their devoted customers. "An enemy of my enemy is a friend to me" attitude would be nice to see. The enemy is lack of operation between the two platforms. Windows is the stable mainstream for the last 20 years....integration in to the Microsoft side is just plain common sense....do it for your customers!
Good start. Would love the ability to save files from websites directly to Drive instead of downloading then uploading.
The last two versions have an issue. When you try to open a doc it downloads and asks what app to open with when you select docs it asks again..loop
Spreadsheet editing is clunky and annoying to use. I expected something better from Google.
No option to create folders thru the app
I hope that improvements & development moves swiftly for both the Android application & PC client. Negatives are unable to create folders or move items around. Unable to make whole folders available offline. Thumbnails would be nice and the ability to stream media. Block level backup??
Browser version on laptop is very good, but I am a bit disappointed by the Android app. Why can't you organize files into folders.. I would love to see a mapping feature instead of syncing to local folder. It's a good start but far from the top yet.
It will crashed if we make a file offline & put a star on it.
Consuming too much battery.
Self-explanatory
its too slow.. the program on my windows laptop goes offline by itself whenever it feels like it.. reinstall didnt help.. and the app on my phone is too slow in getting anything
Initial impression was hasty. Runtime Exception fixed by deleting Data in App manager.   Now working properly with Docs to Go.   Does need better file management inside application. Gdoc organisation missing when you access Drive from mobile app.
Now we need an integrated file browser and the ability to select whole files to be available offline on my phone
We need a link to share files or folders.
This is great start, but need to be able to make folders to place items in from phone.
I switched over from Dropbox just because the screenshot showed it is possible to edit files! But how? Can't find an option! An also, some loading options. I thought this would be better than Dropbox. Apparently it isn't.
I get an error when trying to view my documents.
Installed and uninstalled it almost imediately... uses approx 8mb of internal memory, move to SD is not supported at the time... please add it asap and reduce internal phone memory consumption as much as possible.
Please provide copy and paste, move files between different folders functions
App works great. Some and fast
I was disappointed that I could not upload pdf files as they weren't show in the gallery while uploading files
I'm a Google fan, and I'm disappointed with the sub par performance of Drive against Dropbox on Android. I can't create folders and failed uploads do not resume by themselves. You had a target that you can aim for, but you didn't.
Drive works very nicely. Love that it now supports irregular files. But my main problem is that I can not see anything I'm typing when in qwerty landscape mode. Please fix this Google!
Making edits to Google spreadsheets is useless. Go try it and you will see what I mean. I am better off going through my browser in desktop/full mode where all the editing features are available. Other than that, I think Drive is great in how it is integrated.
Without the ability to assure no one but me can see the documents I put on Google Drive (including Google employees), Google Drive has limited functionality.  For pictures of LOLCats, it's perfect.
You can't download files on Android to your sdcard from Drive... I wish I hadn't uninstalled Dropbox yet. Hopefully they will improve the app soon!
Google Docs had just gotten rid of most of the bugs, now the cursor jumps around randomly, making editing unnecessarily hard. Dropped from 5 stars to 3.  Way to break Docs, Google.
I understand it has a widget option but there needs to be a version which is able to save to SD card.  Since it is very heavy on the resources.
Google Drive is exactly what I expected Google Docs (app/mobile version) to be when Android first came out, but it seemed to take a while to get to this point.  That's fine as long as we got there - its absolutely fantastic, and especially useful on a tablet...or phablet (what a funny name, hope we find another one for this).  The next major upgrade hopefully gets full folder & file management capabilities.
Google Drive is exactly what I expected Google Docs (app/mobile version) to be when Android first came out, but it seemed to take a while to get to this point.  That's fine as long as we got there - its absolutely fantastic, and especially useful on a tablet...or phablet (what a funny name, hope we find another one for this).  The next major upgrade hopefully gets full folder & file management capabilities.
Why can't I create folders (aka collections) or move things into folders from the mobile app?
Crashes when i'm trying to upload exe file. Nexus S,2.3.7
Google should make Google Drive be able allow you to export pictures and music. So I can llisten to music and watch pictures on my phone not using the google drive app.
Quite Ok, but it is missing dowload to phone option where I can select there to save! Google, please take care of this!!!
-Needs file/picture previews -Need the ability to create folders to upload to. No organisation at the moment everything gets dumped in one  place  -Phone won't keep up to date with web site version even though all uploads have come from the phone.  I could go on. Hopefully in a couple of months time it will get better
Move to Sd card should support.
Needs password protection, photo upload results needs work , too  big can't see whole picture
Google, please enable a locking feature. I like my cloud storage locked on my phone. Dropbox has a lock, so why dont you? I dont want my friends messing with my files. Thats all thats missing in my opinion.
Needs option for instant download,password protect,thumbnails.
Folder-synchronisation from android is missing. Waiting for improvements.
10x google... But need some improvement...
Should add sort by type and increase upload speeds.
Which is a real shame because most of the times I would find having my files in sync across my devices and desktop are when I'm in the middle of a field with poor or no data connection
It would be soooooooooooo good, if any of the Google applications would have an APP2SD function, because my f*ckin phone cannot handle this 10 Mb of waste. While the hell is this 10 Mb, I installed it 5 minutes ago!
The idea behind the app is brilliant, computer version is flawless, but, I can't open the files on my phone...
Anyone having a problem attaching files from Google Drive to their emails? The attachment gets stripped after being sent.
Won't install until auto sync is available.
My tablet and cell cannot upload files....I keep getting error codes. My PC does it just fine and yes, I can view them on my hand held devices just fine as well. So, until the bugs work out, I'm sticking with Sneaker Net.
I'm glad I have a place to store my pictures temporarily, but the library needs to have a preview thumbnail for photos just like in the gallery app on phone.  Its hard to locate what I want without it.
its good but it needs editing feature
I use Google docs daily for school. For some reason, when you try to make documents available offline, it SAYS they're available offline, but if you try to access them with no service, it complains and asks for a connection. Defeats the whole purpose of the option. Looks like dropbox will have to do for now...
Why cant drive on android have the same functionality as drive on the PC, when it comes to editing Word, excel or any file that is synced on Drive. From the PC it syncs and allows one to edit, for ex, a EXCEL spreadsheet. but the same cant be done via Drive on Android. :(
Not realy mature. Very slow. So please keep on working an this app.
I couldn't find a way to create new folder in the app, you have to do it on a PC!
It crash most of the time, no clue how to make new folder
Little slow to refresh. UI needs a little polish. Cant create a folder using my phone. Not super impressed. Expected more.
Not as any featured as many online version of Google docs
App to sd plz
Needs thumbnails when browsing pictures
Simple to use. Needs a scheduler for automated syncs.
It does not sync all files that I have in my Drive. Also large spreadsheets do not show all fields. This is a vital feature to me.
Really needs  * upload and auto monitor whole folders * ability to move to SD card, but that's a refelection in my crappy wildfire s.   I had no room, and dropbox won't goto SD, either. Had to make a choice and dropbox won!
Only fault: Hard to see long files names.
Could upload multiple items when it comes to pictures. And is there an automatic upload option. Idk. I just don't see yet.
This is a super handy app to protect your documents, pictures, videos, etc..but you have select each file individually. There's no option to select multiple files before uploading, which is really inconvenient when you have 400+ files to upload
Need option to save files to SD.  Not the offline feature, save the file where I want. Also it will be nice to share by circles.
I love everything about this app and drive in general. I just wish I could edit folders in mobile. Then 5 stars.
It would be great if i could open files as quickly as in offline mode. Because at the moment when i am connected to the internet i always have to wait till the file is downloaded and in EDGE mode it is terribly slow. It would be great if the GUI would be similar to the new Google's services design (Gmail for example).
Really needs the feature of downloading to mobile device rather than "make available offline". I personally would use G-Drive as a way of sending photos taken on my SG2 to my SGTab and PC. The PC app works like a dream, just like a folder where you can drag/save to other areas. The android version needs to be no different. Would it be difficult to incorporate folders into the application? My photos have names like 2012-03-12IMG9001 and they just fall into the "starting with a #2" heading, but i'd like them to fall into a folder/category called Photos. Adding these features will put you on par with apps like Drop Box. Without features like the ones explained, Drive simply can't compare to its competitors, which is a shame as I want to like and use Drive because everything else Google is so well thought out. But unfortunately this has not been thought out thoroughly enough. Has great potential, would like to see it developed further. But for now, i'll be sticking to Drop Box for the time being.
Great apps
Should be possible to just browse SD card and pick the file you want. Instead you have to pick either a file from the gallery or the music player, which is tedious and kind of ridiculous. Maybe folder sharing can be achieved through a third part file explorer, but that shouldn't be necessary.
Dropbox lets you save files to your phone, why not this??
I can choose to upload music, music or a picture. Because no one uses an android like a flash drive and has other files on their phone... Basically this is for sharing pictures and pirating music from friends. Useless
No download from the drive to my phone?  Why? And it would be nice if there is way to sync certain folder with the drive, and to do it on schedule. Otherwise i do not see reason to use this cloud service.
This looks pretty cool but when I upload something from my Droid to the drive, it just goes in my main google docs directory.  Needs to give option for which directory to save in
Good capacity. Drawback is that I cannot download file to my android phone folder...only make file "available offline", which is basically useless for me, because I need ability to move file to certain folder...
Like anything new there are obvious bugs. I am note sure what caused it but now "google drive" app or desktop app has created up to three copies of every file on google drive. I have thousands of files. Now I have to go through all my files and delete all the copies. FU&$#^*&^#(*(*!!!!!
Caused the home screen of my S2 to hang after I exited the app.
It tends to crash, even doing simple things.
Pros:  + Smooth & Fast + Very good transfer speed  Cons:  - You can't download files to your mobile, only offline document use - No file explorer - Uploading with this up is a pain - Not even close to web verson of google drive   I hope they bring new versions soon with more features. It has potential to be No.1
When opening documents it asks me to open spreadsheets and word documents as pdf with the documents to go app. I don't know whose issue this but it would be nice to have it open directly so I can edit
Cant seem to find the option to save items on sd card. The competitor, dropbox, has that option so il sticking to that for a while.
I am a big fan of google's services, but I am left a bit disappointed. The Windows software is great, but the mobile app is a bit poor. cannot upload my file to a specific folder, can't create folders, cannot save the file when it is in use it seems. All of these dropbox can do, unless I am being stupid and can't work it out - or it needsnto be a bit more intuitive. Unless these are actually strategic decisions to increase integration with other services, then it doesnt really make sense.
the problem is there is no option to synchronize a directory as you have on the PC side, for me is a big mistake, because it forces you to upload the files manually.  I hope that someone will develop an application similar to dropsync.
Would be perfect with offline folder, other than make the desktop client able to set online or offline for certain device
We cannot export the files to our desired location in sd card .... dropbox can...way to improve google...
Not bad, but doesn't offer anything like 50gb you get with dropbox if you have the X One.
Being able to save files to my phone is the determining factor for the cloud service, I wanted to like this more than dropbox because of the integration but it seems like it has not yet matched dropbox yet.
Wished i could see tables and charts in docs
It would be great if I could upload my contacts and apps from my phone.  That would be ideal.
A folder is shared with me but when I store files there, the files land in my drive rather than the shared one.  What gives?
Can't make folders or move stuff into folders. I like the integration into ics however I wish I could reorder my sharing shortcuts but that's another story.
Love the app and of course love the Gmail integration! This service will take over dropbox completely if the can add the photos upload feature that dropbox has. All forums say that people are using both until that goes down.
seems to have sync issue for some documents in Google Doc...kinda annoying.
It does not have ability for me to save files to my phone's internal or external memory.
It takes forever to load the docs. 4g, 3g or WiFi it just keeps saying that the docs will load. It takes good minutes of waiting...
I tried to make a .apk file offline that was in my good drive and it wont launch the file. saying there is nothing to open it with. This is like Dropbox with less features. I have hope for this app but as it stands now it's not quite there yet.
First thing with Drive Google has put the price up by 6 times. About the app now, i uploaded 1000s of pictures , but on app it only shows file names. Little thumbnail would help a lot.
In the phone display format, documents should open in view only mode with a toggle to enter edit mode, just as the tablet version performs.
If I knew where to find files I've downloaded on my SD card....?!
The mobile app needs the ability to show / hide Google Docs. I use my Google Drive for storage of files on my PC. I do not want to clutter the app's file list with a bunch of docs I never use.   There is also no way to simply download a file from the Google Drive to the device's SD card. I want to download the file, then remove it from the Drive to limit used space.
Please allow the ability to stream media files (Music, videos, & pictures). Sometimes we don't want to download our files. And for our pictures, show small icons of them, if possible also show extension pictures like the Word icon or PDF icon.
Can't find the file in my sdcard after downloaded it(make offline)?
A nice start, but not as feature-rich as dropbox (yet). Even some basic things like thumbnails aren't implemented. I move image files around using dropbox and being able to see an image thumbnail in the client makes it much easier to tell which file is which on the phone (since all are simply named with the sequence number scheme from the camera). In the Drive client I have to download and open each image to identify it.
Great
Please enable a pin to access the app.
I was a frequent user of Dropbox till I came across Gdrive. I removed dropbox and installed Gdrive to realise one nifty feature of dropbox that Gdrive doesn't have is the instant camera upload. s here I am back to dropbox. I shall jump back if & when this feature is available.
Pictures and diagrams included within the docs do not show on google drive.
It comes with the same function as dropbox to share a download link
The already existing google docs is now presented as Google Drive.  The app is 9MB and cannot be moved to SD Card and is very expensive on Internal Memory.
U R Correct, Limited !
Just for the application itself there is no password protection like with Dropbox. I see no massive improvement over Google Docs, and just as everyone has stated there isn't a batch selection mode. I have to give this a halfway point, but then again Google always finds a way to out shine the competition. Keep working at it.
Trying to edit a document. When I hit space or enter punctuation, it deletes the last letter of the previous word. Very frustrating. Google Drive is great, but this needs to be fixed.
Once I'm able to add folders on mobile you will get 5 stars again
Dropbox does the job. Whats this for, doesnt seem to work as easly either. Uninstalled might try again next year.
Would be much better if it had a useful widget like Evernote's large widget. (Previews and what not.) Other than that, pretty good.
Needs a passcode unlock option like Dropbox.
it's good but lack the download and save to phone feature, back to dropbox cuz it has an export feature
Can't upload big files like a full discography !!
This is just docs with a stupid name change. It works the exact same only looks less impressive now. Docs was a bit easier to navigate.
When will we be able to edit powerpoint presentations with our smartphone? Really need it
I cannot find my sub folder in the app.  But I can find that online.
Why this simple option is omitted?
Some documents will be very nice to be shared in my Android, like my .csv files generated by apps like MoneyTrack... Spensa Pro... and others... will be useful for us and to the developers of other apps. So we can keep synced the data from my notebook, Android, and also my wife. Sad... because Google is too famous to be a engineering company, with a lot of "big brains" and a basic function like that is missing.
20+ second load on Samsung Intercept, not reccomended for older droids. No way of accessing pictures from Gdrive without downloading them. Currently using it only as an easy way to get files to my computer at home
I am astounded this service offers 5GB of storage and the fact of the mobile application had helped us bring everything to the cloud better than what Dropbox and SkyDrive is currently doing, however there are some major request that brings to my attention.  It needs a gallery view of our photos on mobile. It hurts that every time I want to see a photo, I am forced to download it and open it on a seperate application to view it. This hurts when I'm in a hurry and I have to browse to see what pictures I want to use on my next presentation.  Next is file organization. What's sad mostly is when I do upload a file to Drive, I cannot create folders nor add files to an existing folder. I have to run all the way to a desktop just to transfer the file I just uploaded to an existing folder or a new folder when I need to add new things.   Finally, this is the killer and most needed request is incoming permissions. My Co workers would transfer imfortant files to my Drive which I like it tied to my Drive, however what is a huge problem is that I cannot approve or deny the files that are transfer to me without knowing what they really are. Having them just appear is scary!
Maybe I expected to much. The fact that Google is cloud computing and that Icloud has been out for sometime... I expected google to be superior. Alot of work still but I'm Android so I'll be patient and see
One thing I've noticed is that there are no image thumbnails.  That seems very strange to me as Dropbox has that.  I've also found that when you open an image, it takes ages for it to open via the standard Gallery Viewer.  Strange...
It's a nice little app that accesses Google drive.  Unfortunately you can't pin folders for syncing or edit downloaded files.  Let me edit pdfs and other files, then sync seamlessly and I'll change it to 5 stars.  (Also, could we please get the privacy policy updated with a clause for this app?  The service won't be taken seriously until you specify that the user is the sole owner of the GDrive's contents.)
The drive is good but it should have option of password/pin protecting the drive and also the log out option, also moving the drive to SD card option should be available. Rest app is good. Please implement the above points as soon as possible..
A very basic app. Needs more time and effort.
Update: drive works for me now, but the interface isn't (yet) as good as dropbox.
No offline folder sync.?
I'm revising my initial very positive four star review. Using Google Drive though the web interface on my desktop PC - and when relevant, direct folder operations through a file manager with the Drive software installed - is great. However it's simply unforgivable that they've released such a terrible Android app for mobile use. I can just about live with not being able to create folders through the app (although it's certainly something that will need to be fixed sooner rather than later), but not even being able to upload files from the phone - neither from within Drive nor indirectly through sharing from other apps (something that can also serve as a workaround for the equally perplexing lack of batch upload from within the Drive app) - into folders I've created from my PC, is beyond stupid. Who at Google thought it would be a great idea to force us to just throw everything together in a big pile in the root folder?  I would prefer to switch to just using Google Drive, particularly since I've recently started using Google Docs, but at this time the DropBox app is vastly better than the Drive app.
Docs worked with other domains supported by google such as aiesec. Drive doesn't! Disappointing.
When uploading I don't see a select all option.or even an option to select the items that you need to upload. Please fix ..
The Drive/Docs app is very good on a PC but lacks editing functions on tablet. I know this is new and will get better as time goes by.
5GB is more than double than what Dropbox is offering. But with Dropbox I can create folders and organize my files much better. Gonna stick with Dropbox for the moment.
1-I uploaded some pictures on my Drive When I use the Android Google Drive on my phone there no download option only viewing it or making it offline.   2- no multiple accounts on desktop ver.  3- no option to greate new folder on phone ver..  4- when upload no option to choice which foder to save to  mobile ver .    i hope you fix it ....    thanks
Works well, but I think dropbox intigration is more advanced. Automatic photo upload option would be much obliged please devs
Why can't I download files to sd? Ridiculous.
Can't organize my docs and can't export files to sdcard
Why can't I make whole folders available offline? Also, with folders of music it should order by m3u or tags, not alphabet.
So why the heck do they offer it in my market?
It really has to be copy public link option.
Needs offline editing capabilites (airplane, subway, etc.)
when I choose to edit a line sometimes the wrong line will appear.  no cursor is visible now, super hard to edit with out a cursor.
Only just down loaded it and straight way noticed you can't make folders in Android app. Long way to go to beat dropbox. Knowing Google it will improve
Please add folder creation and uploading files to specific folders. Otherwise it's an OK app. HTC One X.
Sticking to dropbox until there are thumbnails.
But can in ICS..  Why is GB getting the short end of the stick in Google Apps.
You can't even create a folder from the mobile app. Come on now, what's a cloud file manager if you can't even do the most basic task of making a folder?
Unable to create folders in-app; if I'm in a folder and upload, the file just goes to the root of the drive and not in said folder. Now I can't even move the files into the folder until I get back to a computer! You're better than this, Google. You can't compete when your app is half-assed...
It needs much work on mobile app. Feels like 1990 UI with laggy scrolling. Easy to fix waiting for improvements.
please update this it slow @ loading and freezes @ times, i hope for much betta quality than this
Everything else is more than legit but the spreadsheet editing is sub par.
The most used feature for me on Dropbox is the simple Copy & Paste link URL.  This is missing from this app.  Works for me, however I will be sticking to Dropbox for the most part until this is implemented.
Where is "save to sd" card option??..cant see photo thumbnail..i think dropbox is better.
Blue Ui sucks, google is that you with that bad interface I can't believe my eyes
Needs ability to export files/folders to SD. Also would be nice to see upload/download status and space available.
Love the idea but 5 GB was a turn down
I was expecting much more when received news about Google Docs becoming Drive. I used to be a big supporter of Google Docs (and still use them for collaboration) but since I've also started using Evernote I find myself using Google Docs / Drive less and less  - the application (both web and mobile) just lacks thoughtful GUI and usability. Also a big -1 for me is that there is no native client for Linux.
Even make offline can't open file from other software
Great app to sync my documents, photos and videos.  Description says can upload/download any file type however can not upload music files nor program or additional files as attempted.  Can upload videos but at times issues with downloading or opening video recently uploaded.  I hope the drive improves. Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch
Was hoping it would have the move to sd card option that google docs app lacked. Still lacking. Will just use web version.
Though would like to be able to make whole folders available offline, not one at a time :\ and when I download pics it would be nice if they showed up in the gallery... not just in Google drive... fix that and its perfect :)
I'm glad this has been launched but it is missing some important features like automatic photo upload as you take a pic and Linux integration. Dropbox and Ubuntu one are good at these things.
Works but needs more options like upload multiple files, create/upload folders, make folders available offline...
If icloud is unlimited and free for the mac user why should google drive be payed ?
Google Drive Works...but: Teradesk - Teradesk, Inc. Does A LOT MORE
Kills dropbox
Good move. But need to include share link option like dropbox and other features...
Id like to have a way to upload whole folders off my mobile. Along with a way to multi-select. Maybe there is a way to do this stuff. But i have not found it yet ><
Has a ways to go, needs folder sync option
Great app...copied a folder of mp3 files to Google drive easily. Only wish on mobile they would open in a better player than dropbox rather than attempt to download a 70mb lecture audio...Update...no easy share link like in my Dropbox. File sync not fast... this will be a winner once Google fixes these issues ...
Why? I can do that with dropbox! Fix it!!!!!
After updating from doc, icon disappeared and also from the installed list.  Well, it is "drive", not "google drive".
It's missing move to SD, create folders from Android client, thumbnail for pictures, password or PIN protect entering the application, Linux client, multiple file upload... i can go on...
No option to upgrade using that app ... no option in android system to upload entier folder
was able to upload 1 video file after that always tells me upload failed ,also phone keeps telling me I am low on storage space ,when trying to upload video files ,I am not low on storage space .
Google should make away to save all of your files to google drive instead of only one at a time.
I cant sync pictures from my phone,i have to sync them all one by one. DropBox is far better than Google Drive.I still prefer using DropBox.
Great app, syncs almost instantaneously with files recently uploaded to the cloud. My only beef as of now is that there is no support for passcode entry. As it is easier for a phone to fall into the wrong hands than a laptop or desktop, i feel a passcode access option should be added. Also the competitors have this function as well ;-)
Finally release. It not a bad first release. I really need an option to upload to a folder of choice.
LOVE the new functionality, but the privacy policy is SCARY. I don't have exclusive ownership of the content in my google drive; Google can sell it & make derivative works w/o my permission. Can't uninstall, so will not use for anything business or private.
Why do I have to use FileSync App  just so I can  copy folders to Google Drive ?  Why  can't I copy folders back to my phone!  Arghh.  This drive should show up as a drive in all my other file manager apps.
Lack of basic features. Like export to phone, cannot create new folder, multiple download.
Nice to finally have storage space with Google and nice it links in with all the share intents. However you cannot create folders or organize files through the app and must be done through the website. Would have liked to have special picassa pictures folder linked to drive as well. Also why can't I have 5GB more from Gmail since I definitely don't need that much for email?
but move to SD?
哎
It's a great affordable solution, but it's blocked in China (without a VPN) and Dropbox isn't.
can't move files arouns within google drive using android interface, only possible via website or pc... im sick of being forced to rely on pc's.
Here are some things that I suggest. Ability to create folders, delete, move and etc. Just like a normal file manager. Thumbnails for pictures and videos that would work for most know formats specially MOD video files.. Also, instead of having to open each picture one by one I would like to see a system like drop box where you touch one picture and to see the next all you have to do is swipe your finger just like in the phone's gallery app. And ability to choose HD video quality when watching.
I can now actually use the app, so that's an improvement from before. However, I am frustrated by what appears to be a persistent glitch: when viewing the My Drive section, I am met with a message saying my drive is empty. This doesn't happen on my phone, and I can see my files online just fine. Interestingly, I can view my files if I go into the recent files section, just not the main drive.
Keep getting message "Your storage is full."  Please address this issue.
Dropbox has better functionality but less space. Still, Dropbox is easier to use and navigate.
I uploaded a video file and can open it fine when I select "open with". However, when I make the file available offline and then select "open with", I get the "starting download" window and nothing happens.  Device: Samsung Galaxy Note Carrier: AT&T OS: Stock Gingerbread
Work nice... :-) I 'd love to be an option to see in thumbnails my online pictures... Can't try to find the one I want in the folder that I have 100 photos...
Umm...so how long is this email supposed to take? Two days so far and no email...I updated from Docs expecting to be able to use this!
You can't create folders. But lam sure updates are going to improve this service over time. Looks nice and clean.
I would like to be able to upload from my phone/tablet storage. Not just an image or song. Also being able to share websites through this would be awesome.
Store claims it is 4MB but it  installs to 9MB and does not support Move to SD - Optimus T
It's a good solution for free cloud. but skydive and dropbox are better.
After so many cloud services. This is just blah. No app2sd? UI is ugly. Lot of room for improvement. I'm still gonna keep testing it out
... to make it better, it would be nice to: - add synchronization of entire folders - add the possibility of automatic sync when on WiFi - select location of Drive folder - enable sharing options on the PC version. Interesting though.
PLEASE add the export file to SD feature. I'm trying hard to get used to Google Drive. But really need to export file to local SD card. Otherwise may go back to dropbox..
Price is awesome,  but without choice of where to upload files to,  automatic sync. Of shared folders,  and customization of what pics go into the cloud would not pay for
Good: Good upload speed  Like the fact you can upload anything you like Good integration  Bad: Should be able to view pictures and movies in the app, not have to download first In picture folders should be able to see thumbnails - like most people I can't remember a photo by its filename, and I don't want to download half of them off the cloud til I find the right one Like someone else pointed out, should be able to download whole folders, not just individual photos Should cater for sending links as well (which I can't see that you can)  Overall, good first effort but hoping for a fair few improvements in the updates.
The editor for docs is great. But as a Drive app, it would be nice to be able to create folders and organize files by moving them around folders.
Cannot upload photos or files to a particular folder... No multi upload also... And no instant uploader...
Needs some improvements in uploading files. Make the option from single to multiple upload.
Its perfect on pc but on phone no, i cant see where the pages seperate and a lot of stuff isn't supported.
This thing works flawlessly on the android together with the pc . But ... there isnt any ability to to move the storage folder location  .... and more ... You dont know where is the downloaded/Synced file is...Its location is in nowhere ....If its a document or music or video file you can open it and mail it to yourself. Hey ... This is the whole point : i can mail the file to me and it would be faster.What if the file is an exe ? Forget about it . Open the file locally on the android ??? funny !. You cant also upload a file/ document directly to a folder in the cloud ... It goes directly to the root of the drive...There goes the order. Making a whole folder/drive available offline is science fiction. Come on google ??? I have an external sd card not for decoration. At least on the pc there aren't any such problems.
The service is fine, but it's seriously lacking password protection, ability to move files between folders within the app, and ability to upload directly to a specific folder.
Not enough benefts just like ubuntu one i cant see my photos without  downloading it ..
Still my account is not activated please make it activate
Need improvement.  Looking forward to next few updates.  I love you be able to sync my folders etc.
only to root? Why? I need selection for upload destination folder....
... Needs more features such as instant upload and a way to backup your entire sdcard (for instance nightly if wifi is true and ac power is true). Already purchased the 25gb plan, good prices.
Cool app
You need to be able to download a document, edit it and automatically upload again when saved like in Dropbox. A good start though.
Like the concept and I realize this is new but there has to be an option to change from private on mobile phone like the desktop.  Not everyone has a Google account.  This kinda makes it difficult to share files.  Plz update asap.
I want to be able to delete more items at once in the android app. Now I have to long press each file and delete it.
So far, i've found dropbox better than this
No folders: ( And no Videos
When I saw drive I downloaded it thinking it was a gps / mapping software. What is with google and naming things these days? Drive, play store? Goofy.
I like that google has given us 5Gb to start with. Twice what dropbox give us. I'd love to see an automatic photo upload like dropbox.
Missing image thumbnails, download file or folder to specific path on sdcard and tags/colors for files and folders. I'm back to drop box for now but I hope the missing bits will be implemented soon...
Desktop app is just like dropbox.. Android app is lacking.. Can't export files to any location.... Poor
Please make move 2 SD
The current version has a good start on being a decent. Future versions need to have the ability to create folders and move/organize the files. I can create/edit files on my mobile device then upload them but have to go to my PC if I want them in a specific folder  I have also noted that depending on a files location it may not upload, most of the problems occur with files on an add storage card
Good start, but it's not as flexible as Dropbox just yet and there is no path to attain free upgrades in space, which is a shame (although understandable).  My biggest gripe is that there is no way to export files to specific folders on my SDcard as far as I can tell. I can open files directly from the drive, but I can't download files to my phone in a traditional manner.  My second biggest gripe is the TOS. I understand that the licensing terms need to be widespread due to OCR and other translation/transcoding options that take place on Google Drive, but I'd rather they specify exactly WHAT they need the license for instead of taking a completely encompassing license for everything that is uploaded to be used in any manner that Google sees fit. I'm a photographer and I don't feel completely comfortable uploading my work when the terms are so crazy.  Aside from that, everything seems to be working well.
Its more of an upgraded docs then an actual cloud,but I expect fast large upgrades that will branch out and make it a real cloud service soon. If not I am going to be very dissapointed. The reason I gave it three stars is I uploaded music and it doesn't show up...anywhere as we'll as every other song upload failed.
There is a lack of multiple uploading, and needs a add to folder option.
Not accepting Google Apps users yet? I'll come back after it's supported.
Wow,just installed it on my One X and just after starting it, it closed automatically and all my home screens frohe. Couldn't do anything anymore. Had to reboot my phone entirely. Uninstalled until this is fixed!!!
It is google docs but renamed.
Not sure why Google would push this app to my phone and then tell me my "drive is not ready"!   Might make sense to push it to accounts that are "ready"
Can we move uploads to folders please?
Same complaint with most other google apps... Come on, your beloved nexus one, the original google phone, didn't have that much storage...
Seems good and convenient   so far but there should be an option to put entire folders on "my drive" so I don't have to zip them or do them individually. Just a thought. Maybe I missed that option. HTC Evo 3D rooted w/ cm9 ICS-AOSP beta rom.
Can't upload certain files. Not as good as Dropbox!
No password to protect those files on cell phone
Hey Google, Please let your users know after you've installed an update that changes the name of your app! For example, Market to Playstore, and Documents to Drive. Really now.
3 stars for the idea then I will upgrade stars if all is well
Like other have said, a file browser is much needed. Also, when adding document's through this app, it's impossible to sort them using tags or folders and that makes things look cluttered! I need to be able to do that from this app!
Does its job.
Installed yesterday, today Google Drive "cannot be found", locked up PC.  Had to reboot and uninstall.  Search for this problem, many citations on web / Google forums.  Win7 Corei5, 8G RAM 2 yr old PC
The app occupies a lot if space on disk, 8.5 Mb, uninstall, wud love to install if back, when app2sd support is added or the size of app reduced.
No folder creation? Can't upload from my Htc Flyer (honeycomb).
Box offered me 50 GB for free .... Not any new concept
Aside from not being able to create a folder, the app appears ok to me. Nothing to write home about yet though...
Needs folder creation like the web app and also should allow multiple file selection when starting an upload from within the app.
As far as I can see, it has no advantages over services like Dropbox or Box. But it works.
Slow, clunky, poor visual quality of stored docs. Don't recommend.
No matter what I try, I cant get this app to fully load some of my most important documents. It's incredibly frustrating.
Now if you could provide an app to sd option.
Disappointed with Drive options.  Can only create directories on the website.  Offline editing is not supported.  Table views only available in webview.  Desktop app opens documents in a weblink. As far as as cloud storage,  I'll keep using SugarSync and Box.
Just a name change thus far, hopefully when I get an actual Drive account it'll change!
Still very limited editing. No more than the mobile web version. Adding columns in spreadsheets is impossible?
With SugarSync (and I presume DropBox) I can sync entire folders from other computers to my Android tablet. For some reason, Google thinks they need only a limited client for Android.  I really want GDrive to replace SugarSync and without the ability to sync to Android, GDrive is pretty much a non-starter.  Hopefully since they have a usable API for third party apps, someone else will add this.
Been waiting 12 hours for email to tell me my "Drive" is ready..
5 gb ?? Realy ?? 2.5 $ month for 25 gb more ?? I just hope u are trolling us. Skydrive gives 25 gb start storage and for only 8 $ each year u have 20 gb more. Microsoft powned u again google
Needs auto sync from any folder on my sd to any folder on my pc Only then i'll think on replacing sugersync
I've been using Google docs and this app from its release. These past two versions have been much improved. That said, still no table support really sucks. Just viewing is sufficient for my current needs... Please fix this!
Will games and app data be able to be shared between devices? Will rate better when its improved.
The whole point of the app is to be able to find things quickly and they aren't always modified (recent). Needs option to view "Starred" items from home screen.....
It works, was able to view and edit my documents (that's all I tried).  Worked for me better than the previous Docs app that wouldn't even load my Google Docs.  But no App2SD? I have very limited space with internal memory, huge SD card but I can't move this there to save me room.
They changed the name and design. There is no innovation in this app.
how about auto upload a folder.  e. g the download folder or camera folder	and need a wifi only option
No create folder option? It is too early to. Comment on the rest. But looking good...!
Until you guys keep it as simple as dropbox, you won't convert existing users over
It's 5 MB and you can't move it to the SD card. Not a big fan.
Cheers
Lebih baik lagi jika photo yang di upload ke google drive membaca geo tag sehingga bisa langsung share ke google map, namun tetap adanya pengaturan privasi
How can this be good if it can't even perform basic function like creating a new folder? Still a long way to go compared to Dropbox.
It will be better if i can move to SD
I like the app overall, at least the Mac version, but the fact that I can view a file but not copy or move it on the device defeats the purpose of even saving things on the cloud.
This app need some update for design and need too preview for jpg format, because when you have a lot of photos, we can be missing because we can't see a preview about our file, and some optimization because are a bit slow when you select the app for open it.
Would like to see the ability to add/organize folders as well as upload multiple files w/o having to select each one individually. Great work so far, keep the updates rolling!
You know what would have made lots of sense? the ability to upload and back all of your files to the cloud. My transformer prime just die, no apparent reason, but it would have so nice if all of my TransPrime file could have been save automatically; specially my 18month daughter's picture.
Would love to see option to load folders and multiple files.
The application is ~9mb. App to SD support is essential for the Nexus One, and the omission of this means I can't use the app. (The same applies for other google apps)
Ok app does what it's supposed
Needs instant upload for photos, folder creation, and multiple file upload. Service is solid otherwise.
Where are the folders? Excellent beta, can't wait for the next few iterations.
Needs to be able to organize files
This app is weak. It crashes all the time and lacks some of the most useful functions. Things to be fixed before i rate it 5 stars: 1) dowload document button 2) fix the "options button" next to every document name, it always opens the doc when i click options 3) background sync to update docs list
requirement to download the file shouldn't be that surprising across all online storage provides  But why do we have to download PDF? GDocs web version has online viewer why android hasn't? MORE importantly, android document editor is incompatible with basic table that was created with web browser editor
Overall, the app is nice, but why is there no ability to search inside a doc? It makes no sense that I have to use a third party office app to search inside an individual Google doc.
Still says 'not available yet', waiting eagerly. For people asking for photo sync, Google+ already does this but not at full res it is true.
Not a bad start but seriously needs folder support on Android platform....not just on the web
Editing is much easier now for Documents. The controls at the top have made Document editing much much easier and thus better. Editing for Spreadsheets though is still deplorable. I hope it improves sooner rather than later. I have to use Office Suite Pro to be able to reasonably edit Spreadsheets.
Please add Linux support and I will switch to this app for all my files.
Definitely needs ability to group pictures,music,videos,docs into different folders
Samsung nexus s 4g on Sprint running Android 4.0.1. Just downloaded Drive and its telling me that its not ready for my device and account.... Disappointing
Why has this been so neglected? The HTML document views are just not workable in current form.
How can I upload multiple files or entire folders from your Android Device. Common Dropbox atleast allows multiple files.
i can upload news articles to any other cloud storage on device part from drive it has the option in share menu but than says cant upload or whatever stupid thought i could load something simple like that to it
I hope some day you add share option to pc/mac client.
Nice app but haven't been able to edit a spread sheet on my galaxy nexus
I love it, but for me is missing one crucial thing. When uploading a document from my phone I want to be able to select the folder I want to place the file in. Right now every time I upload something it just goes to the root google drive folder. Fix this then five stars
I installed it and everything is working great. I also use dropbox on my android phone and love it. The only thing I don't like right now is that there is not much security with this. Dropbox allows me to set a security pin to access my files from my phone to keep prying eyes out. I would love to have that option with google drive. If someone is using your phone, I really don't want them looking at my docs.
Uploading or downloading files is slow. Still prefer Dropbox. Will look forward to future updates.
If I modify a PDF file with adobe reader, all my modifications are deleted and won't sync with my other devices.. point for Dropbox. We need a linux client please!.. point for Dropbox! I still want to stop using Dropbox and use Drive as my first cloud storage service. PLEASE!!!!!!!
Great.
Love Google and I love the sound of this app,  but when I loaded the app for my first time it said your Google drive is not ready yet? And gave me the option to be notified by email when it is...what gives!?!?
Sure, it's 5gB, but the extra features are lacking. I expected another "drive" in my file manager. Okay its another cloud drive with 5gB that I will use, but nothing special.
I have had a quick look at this but I can't see a last modified date anywhere.. If I upload a file with a last modified date and time of say 23/4 9.07 pm it should keep this date as well as the date/time uploaded to Google drive.   I know it's not built on ntfs but for file sync it really should have this stamp.   For adhoc file storage yep probably a good tool. For syncing no.
Need to be able to create folders in the Android app. I also think 5gig is a small offering.
PIN code protection needed , choice of autosynchro by folder. Il manque une protection par code PIN, choix de synchronisation automatique par dossier etc
Like dropbox, id like auto upload of camera stuph and also being able to choose folders on my phone which i want automaticaly synced to cloud. Once that is achieved, ill do a switch from dropbox and probably pay for extra storage. And change rating off .
I want the PIN protection, automatic upload, better integration with other apps. 5 GB is a nice starter. Maybe they will lower the price.
Lack of Linux makes this less than drop box...
The integration with other Google service is great, and navigation in browser is pretty sweet. Dropbox on Andriods has the option of automatically uploading pictures, videos and audio recordings. Now that's a feature that I want to see before making a complete switch. Can't wait to see how Drive will exceed Dropbox!
Very much needs the camera upload feature of Dropbox in order to be a viable replacement for Dropbox.
Will reserve judgement til I can create/manage folders.
Like it a lot but isn't available as an option on some apps on HTC one x as dropbox is.
Nice
Would have put 5 stars but it is missing a 4 digit security passcode for security.
It would be better if users can create new folder, just like dropbox
Put Google drive on your pc as well and watch the magic happen. Pretty straight forward and basic, but so useful especially if you collaborate a lot like I do.
PC to phone to tablet have the same files anywhere! My gmail holds email, contacts, Picasa, blogger, youtube, chrome and now Drive?! Amazing
If I could upload stuff into folders and create folders from the App it'd be 5 stars
It does the trick, but still like dropbox better.  For those wanting to have access to files offline and auto sync to your Android, I recommend the Dropsync app for Dropbox.  True 2-way sync.  Best option I've found for cloud storage so far.  If Google incorporates that and file manager, I'll switch.
Needs ICS update to give us slide out panels, swipe screens, etc. Needs to tie into all our storage like YouTube videos, Picasa photos to be a true 'storage drive'. Galaxy S3
This is the best...
Pls update & gave more feature.
)
My only complaint with google drive is that you can't save your files to your android device when viewing documents via the app. You can only open files for viewing. Falls short when compared to apps like drop box. Hopefully they will add this feature in.
It would be better if we could open 'tabs' for different docs. For example when I need to refer to another doc for information, I could just switch to the other doc while the doc I am currently viewing is still open. Also allow editing for presentations
Not a very friendly UI
But can't choose to where a file saves when uploading.... so basic, plz fix! No file browser either which would be nice.
It's so wonderful being able to access my documents from any device I want  to use. My only complaint would be that I want it to be easier to edit formatting.
Please enable a password lock for each document type. Alternately, have an option to prompt for a password while opening Google Drive from mobile phones. Luving this app otherwise.
Great app, polished UI, another Google success! Thank you! What I'm missing is the ability to automatically backup my files and sync selected folders from my phone. I have sugarsync, dropbox, skydrive and now google drive and all the other apps are pretty buggy and useless. I'd like to use only Google Drive, since i love the idea of merging so many technologies in little apps for your device. Please make a sync function and let us backup files automatically, at user-specified intervals. Thanks!
Allow the ability to save to a folder or allow the ability to move a file to a folder
Impossible to highlight text to copy and paste without it trying to change pages . Changed to phone ui and works fine .
I'd love to be able to synchronize whole folders at once, 4 stars until that happens.
...can't edit on phone or tablet.
Very useful. It is abit slow and crash alot
Online access and editing is rather smooth now (Epic)
Mostly it just spins with a login prompt that doesn't respond.
Needs the Option to be able to save the file to the device. This is no way I can add files to the Google Drive folder on my computer and then download the file to my device. You can only view it on the device, but you can't save it.
Pros: Very convenient across mutliple devices, awesome 'print page' to g drive function.  Cons: Needs a lot more free space - my gmail account has 10Gb, more than a file drive...lol
Amazing and easy to use app designed by the amazing google !
I love the convenience of having all my docs, spreadsheets and other work all in one place.
Its good but it is missing a lot of features which are on the the website on Google Drive.
Google drive is very good. Almost as good as drop box, just needs a little more work to make it smoother
A useful tool for the nexus 7 as no sd slot. 5gb free generous. However the interface is horrible making uploading multiple movie files very difficult. Only shows thumbnail pictures of the movie files which is useless if every file starts with a black background. Improve interface to show file names as you can do on dropbox.
That is lame that you need to install this to sync Google Contacts now. :-(
Crashes a few seconds after losing the first page.
A necessity at my work. Simple as that. We use it to store all of our documents for our field techs and it is easy to access.
Can't change font or size, or paragraph and line spacing. Also, can't edit docs presentations. I usually use the web based version, since I need to do these things, so the app is pretty much pointless.
This app has improved markedly since the inception and is now a much better text editor. The offline support is amazing!  There is room for improvement in the capabilities of the text editor and especially the spreadsheets.
Big offline files make it crash.  Needs more offline support like editing and document creation. Locally save to upload later.  Needs a few more options definitely font size I can't make titles.  Still one of the best word processors for a cell phone though.
Five stars only if there was a feature for me to move sand upload files to different directories!
itz a good app but it be better if can see all ya stuff insted of having to go into them singlely
Serves it's purpose.
As with all things google, features come steadily as time goes by. Expect more from this basic app!
Dehumanized
Test comments
If it weren't for the clunky interface, I'd give it 5 stars. Integration with Android is obviously the biggest bonus.
Give it a try, who knows it may just work for you too.
Google has to complete in this space. Cloud storage is becoming huge. I wish there was automatic photo upload to Drive. Also easy way to share a photo or word document with short link. Great start though!
I love it so far, but I want more widget options. Also, it cannot recognize tables on my phone or tablet. I like the direction this is going.
Can you guys please implement some sort of password to log into Drive not just open for anyone to access your files from your phone and would rate 5 start use on my Mac and PC please do this soon for mobile thanks guys
Awesome app. Only thing is, its easy to enter editing mode in docs in a mistake. Besides this... great.
Good app still need new feature like auto upload
Perfect app, simplistic and user friendly but one thing......  how do you download files you uploaded
Runs great! Please add the ability to put new documents in folders!!!!
I can't figure out what causes it to crash some times but not others. It seems that if I try to go to a stared doc directly it won't open, but if I open the entire list of docs I can get to the one I want. The regular old Google Docs never crashed, so this is frustrating. Other than the crashing part, I love it! I can keep many kinds of docs and when they open, I can get even big PDFs on my phone. Hope the bugs are fixed soon because I'm mostly pulling up my grocery list on the go and I need that!
Now I have all my docs on my cell.
Easy to use and a good ground breaker into cloud living. I'm not a document junkie, but the available features work fine for my needs. I - Nexus 7
Very good graphics.
Cool..
Please add the ability to make slide shows or PowerPoints
Tab key for documents would be nice, along with print preview, spacing options, and things of the like
I just wish it took up less space
Tanks Vh
Needs more features like in QuickOffice! Needs option to move files.
First off, I love the Android app BUT, it would be a perfect five if we could create folders and be able to transfer files between those folders and sub folders. I like my documents organized specifically. It's inconvenient to only be able to create folders and transfer my files between them strictly through my desktop.
needed
Pretty good
I am so happy my documents are backed up on Google drive and easy to excess on my tablet. I do wish there were better ways to edit and share but its an amazing online storage app.
I love this app. I've completely replaced Dropbox and Evernote with it. Unfortunately, one can only read offline files, but cannot currently edit or create them.  I'd also like to see a thumnbnail view for folders with images as well as offline files being stored in the same directory structure as reflected in Google Drive.
I love Google drive. I love my nexus 7. This ap will get 5 stars when I can edit presentations. Online help says I should be able to do this already but it doesn't work
But could be better.
Wish editing were slightly easier but that's tough in phone dimensions. Generally very good.
Work well on my Samsung Galaxy Player 4.2. Sync's well and is stable. But the formatting in offline mode is not the best. OneNote for Android is better for example. Also you have to select each document for download rather than having it do it automatically. But in the end better than OneNote due to a better web application. Prefer it to Evernote as well as it keeps the documents as separate documents similar to Word - but that is just my preference. Keep the development going - Microsoft's "Metro" app previews are looking good.
Using stock Galaxy Nexus and Jelly Bean keyboard to edit a document, auto capitalization of sentence start does not work, nor does the word Replace... function (allowing you to tap a word already entered to change it).
Needs to be integrated into Android more. Eg. Auto backup of pictures etc straight to Google Drive instead of Google+
Too large
This is a big miss and I look forward to Google rectifying that.
Main feature its missing is the ability to move files around within google drive. Everything created gets put into the main directory.
A great app, but please add the ability to upload files to folder that someone has shared with me
Add the grid view to the android app
I only really use drive for note taking which it dose perfectly the only thing I would like to see is folders. If I could organise my documents in separate folders 5 stars
... there should be a way to lock the app with a pin.
Very helpful app...
Taking all my docs with me is beyond invaluable...and the fact that this app will only get better is very promising. It won't be long until this is a 5 star app. I'd just like to see slightly smoother doc editing.
Occasional crashes, but I love that this is finally mobile. Can edit or create new...perfectly fits my needs.
Very good app, but when i go to put in a space it will just delete the previous character.
Please add thumbnails to pics so you don't have to open/download a file to see what the image is.
Please have option to make folders available offline! That would make this a 5* app! Thanks!
Since acquiring a Nexus 7 I've realized that gDrive is the unifying app for my Google cloud-based file storage.  Doc files, spreadsheets, pictures, videos, music. Doesn't matter.   Store anything, share everything.
A large download but overall fast a easy to use
Great app and great service but I would like the ability to download my files directly to my device.
Would like to see: offline folder option, integrated file explorer to create uploads, ability to create new folders. Dislike how sorting documents alphabetically means there is a heading bar for each letter which takes up space. Why do we need these bars with the letters, we are all aware of the order of the alphabet.
This does a great job but the file size for an app of this type is huge!
Switching from Dropbox
Too bugy. Sometimes missing some folders in public dir.
For Google Drive to replace Evernote as my note-taking app of choice, it has to add the following: 1. 1x1 widgets with selected functions, e.g. new document. Currently, I am stuck with a 4x1 widget. 2. Ability to record (and transcribe and search) voice memos. And a (1x1) widget for this for quick access.
This is a great app and really useful for taking notes, the only problem though is that you can't create or even edit documents offline , even if you set them as available offline. This really needs changing because my units internet is awful
I think it's a great app. You actually CAN upload multiple files. Still an offline folder for syncing would be great.
I've used Dropbox for years (still love it), but I'm pretty tied into the Google ecosystem so I've gone all-in with Google Drive (bought the extra 25gb plan). Honestly, pretty much the same functionality as Dropbox with little differences. I just like how it plays well with everything Google I have. The one thing I would request is the option to enter a pin when starting the app (Dropbox and Box has this). Also, please add the ability to move files between folders in the app.
App needs a better widget, one that let's you pin a specific document to the home screen and edit it. That way you could have a shared document multiple people could use at a glance. The old style widget is useless.
Works very well, on/offline (with Google Chrome add-on), copy/paste (click on the pen to paste twhen you want to create a document)
NEEDS the ability to download. Spreadsheets take FOREVER to open after the first rows download! Sometimes several minutes!!!
I would really like to be able to choose the offline location of files being downloaded, especially for none Doc files like .zip etc...(this would make Drive a fully usable cloud storage solution), editing presentations would be great as well...keep up the good work.;
Not bad app, a nice 5gb not bad
It would be better if it synced files to a specified folder on the android device, just like the desktop version. Will rate 5 stars when those feature is added.
I'll start off by saying that I use Drive probably every day for my daily document storage. However, the mobile app needs a few things. For one I'd like the ability to move files. I dislike how whenever I add a file (picture or anything anything else) to Drive it automatically drops it in the root directory and doesn't allow me to place it in a different folder. Also, I would like some streamlining across the board - I have all my pictures in Picasa and I would like to be abke to see them in my Drive. Also, all my music is in Play Music too and I would also like to see it there. Overall I think this could be way improved upon.
I have been a long-time Google Docs user, starting from the Web and then sharing with my phone.  Now that Docs is under the Google Drive umbrella, there are plenty of requests to improve it.  For the app version, please get spreadsheet Forms to work.  It works on my phone when I access the Form from a phone browser, so it is possible.
Otherwise works great
Still using drop box because its easy to export files there.
This is great for viewing your files on the go, but to really be functional it needs the ability to download those files to your device for use/editing. Being able to flag files for access offline is handy.
I trust google more than I trust a lot of companies but to my knowledge this app doesn't show thumbnails of pictures....... dropbox does. google, please make amendments as I like to keep everything with you.
no bad
I wish I would be able to change the spacing in a text document.  As a student this is very important.  Change that and I will give it five stars!  Overall a very nice app though.
Im not afraid again, if even crash. ?. My data so sage
It is a good app that works fine on the Nexus 7. Some key features missing like the ability to create folders
No bad for a file sharing app
Google u r awesome....
This is good for only simple editing of documents. the upload files to the site are fast. My problems is sometimes it crashes.
Useful and easy too
There should be an option to edit offline docs without the need for an active connection
Great app, sync is beyond wondrous. I even pay for more storage, a necessity in the age of streaming everything. I just wish the tools were more robust and fleshed out.
Love the app. Just needs thumbnails for pictures and maybe auto upload of pics liked dropbox has. I will give it five stars after that.
My only gripes for now are that it doesn't support the comments feature, and it likes to place random bookmarks on my docs when I've been scrolling around. Otherwise, I love having this on my phone.
Things were great until I had to constantly hit the Edit button in the menu each time I want to type something. How about an option to default to the old way or the new way. Personally, when I open a doc, I want to immediately edit it or say to edit it one time. I frequently use it for shopping lists while checking things off and taking notes and it's not that uncommon for me to bounce between another app. Real annoying that I have to keep telling it to Edit each time I want to type something in an already opened doc.  Overall a great app. Just a bit more annoying to use as a shopping list.
Can't read some of the documents when I down load it. still a great app.
Does what it says works, but a bit redundant.. Good work tho
Document from photo does not work well...
Rely on it!!
Drive works pretty well, but some hard keyboard keys (fn, shift) don't work on Samsung Epic.  Those keys work fine on all other apps.  Anybody else seeing this bug?
Ti Amo ggl
Need better access to files offline. I have right now it's too confusing.
Would be awesome if we could have a full-screen presentation for pitches on the go.
Editing tools that have been added to the word processor has made that incredibly useful.  However; exporting as a .doc file requires formatting to show up correctly, also would like to be able to edit colors of text/cells in the spreadsheets.
Needs photo preview (tumbnails) and instant uploads
Really ought to add the ability to open/save documents received in gmail
Really good but I think the spreadsheet layout could be better.
The app is ok, but they are lacking a pin/password lock so that if I give my phone or tablet to someone they can't just open Drive and start looking at my documents some of which I may not want others viewing. This is a basic functionality that should be pretty easy to add to a future version of the Drive Android app.
Finally I can have all my files in one place and access them whenever wherever.
Finally I can have all my files in one place and access them whenever wherever.
I really wish you could edit tables on the fly. As it stands, you can only view them. You also can't create or edit offline files which is a big disappointment. Otherwise I think this is a competent app but is very watered down compared to the desktop version of Drive.
Fast, user friendly Awesome available offline feature in the next version, I would like to be able to hide certain documents from the list that I no longer need to open
Try it
Its useful got checking what you have on your google drive.
The ability to make everything or select folders for offline use is disappointing. Unless I'm missing something here...
Drive is awesome would love automatic uploads, but would u guys test being able to comment in other peoples post' some have problems that I have had before and I can't give them advice might save u some time as I know you guys can't reply to everyone's problems
Its a great app but we need password protection features, like log out drive from android and to login.
It needs to more fully resemble the desktop version, especially when it comes to organizing and retrieving files. Other then that, it works perfectly well.
It's fine but I am not able create folder with this
Needs table support in docs, and presentation editor/creator
It is a very very good app. however I want to know how I can log out from the app. and login again when I want, I have instaled it on my Samsung Galaxy note. Please help.
Handy. Convenient. Fast. I wish it were over 5GB (for free) but still a good tool. However, I still keep & use my DropBox.
Bikini. N
Good app, need move to sd card
Love having all my docs at hand. Excel editor is not very good.
Great for the most part but for me to look at an doc I have to go into edit mode to see what is in the doc
Would be great if I could group content in folders but other than that, no complaints
Google drive is a great substitute for dropbox in a more uniform and relevent form for Android. The only thing I need to give out that last star is muli upload. I'm on vacation right now and I was hoping to upload all of my pictures, only to find I have to do it one by one.
I trust Google with my data - simple as that.
I trust Google with my data - simple as that.
Excellent apps. Now I can free from my pen drive...I can edit from my tablet pc, desktop pc,mobile phone anytime anywhere.Thank you google. =)  still need more feature. - googledoc please add more feature for easier edit. - create folder to menage all the sub files created -can i edit files offline using Google doc?i hope it can be done one day.
Nice
Muy buena APP, pero tengo poco espacio de memoria y no permite mover a SD
Really good but cannot move to sd card..
Very useful
Solid syncing from my desktop. Can only get better in future.
Nice
Hi...anyway nice application..rating 4 from me..plz make it possible to upload folders also...quite difficult to upload one by one files..else I have to put in zip or ear then upload..I have 500 contacts..hoe can I add all of them without zipping...and after uploading it shows with other files..if the folder uploading facility was there it would be simple and easier..then I would say 5 star and great application..plz consider my request.
Google esta logrando integrar cosas exelentes. Felicitaciones
Looks good and works well, but why can you only upload music or photos? When will be able to upload documents (not just create them)?
Great program. It lacks the capability to edit slideshows. I'm sure it will come
Bugs that prevent all use of the app should not take days to fix.
Please add ability to move files, otherwise great app that works flawlessly
prefer Google Doc
Thanx
AWESOME
I can't create folders with the android app. Otherwise good!
Why on earth do you have to hold the files offline? The whole point of dropbox is it simplifies moving files from Phone to PC and vice versa. I want to put an image or song into drive, then copy it to my music / gallery, not be FORCED into Drive to view / listen / edit whatever. Come on google this is the first bad review I have ever given you.
You can't make folders on phone
Great just wish could edit on free download.
This app is great online storage, but it does lack a proper document manager, so don't expect too much for document editing.
Nearly perfect! Just one gripe: you can't actually download files from the drive to your phone.
With the exception that I cant add columns in a new spreadsheet its ok. 2 columns is not enough.
i have a sync problem. any document i make in chrome, i first have to search on my htc because it doesn't appear in My Drive folder. only when i search for the file and open it for the first time, from that moment it appears in My Drive. is there a solution for this "problem" ? can you please help
5 stars if there is a download button..
Works great, needs password protection
Needs a better UI complete with thumbnail views. Very good but dropbox still has the edge.
Need Move2SD and a option to download/send files to SD
Almost there
Excellent concept, a bit clunky to use - a slow data connection makes editing difficult at times.
I would very much like the ability to make folders available offline, not just single files.
Good app to get my documents.
Good app. Forceclosed on my lg optimus a lot. I hope it gets better with samsung optimus.
very nice its usefull aap
Would love to be able to Make whole folders offline
but unable to upload my offline edits from android to server.I am sure google will give competition to drop box.:-)
Dropbox的分享功能較好。檔案拖入public folder內再點右鍵及可copy link 再轉貼給要分享或共用的使用者。google還須輸入email. 遜色了。
1) Let us add folders and move things around. 2) Let us add a PIN or pattern to unlock the app if we desire.   You should really take advantage of your pattern unlock as a way to lock the market too (instead of just PIN) since its easy, quick, and unique.
There is a problem.. i Cant Upload file in to direct Folder
Please provide user to "insert" an image file...would you please consider this "tiny" feature?! PLEASE?!?
Can you add the ability to upload multiple photos at once? Thanks Google!
It's only missing 1 thing, the organise feature that is on the desktop version,where u can move files from your personal drive to a shared folder.
Could use an expire feature.  But it is an excellent app...
Back when this app was Docs, I used it extensively. Now that it's Drive, I still pretty much use it like Docs and it still does all that well and then some. Four stars because offline access (to simply docs mind you) is still hit or miss.
Where is the ability to make a folder from the app? Upload to a folder directly? MOVE FILES?! When I want to download a video from there I don't want the compressed version. Give me what I gave you.
Previewing and Downloading files, specially images is a pain...!
But still a good app...
I can keep my docs in Google drive on my computer and have access to them on my phone.  Good when working on a project, to do lists, shared projects, etc.
Unable to get it to get it to work
Unable to get it to get it to work
Very Nice App missing just the feature that i can open script files(.css, .php, .html, etc..) With Dropbox i can select which app(thats on my phone) i would like to use for it. Maby its usefull for drive also.
I think it could be a great idea if it was possible to sync the photo gallery with the app so that the photos taken will automotically be backed up.  After having your cellphone stolen, it would be a great relief finding out that you have a copy of all the photos.
Drop box is better
But Dropbox is still better.
Also wish it didn't take so much memory...
It does open up spreadsheets, have not yet tried editing. Storage is not ad much as dropbox, but speed is much faster.
Even when I'm super careful, it always selects the wrong spreadsheet cell.
Missing features, can't sync w other types of spreadsheets
Dropbox is more intuitive.
Needs a media viewer for mobile app
Made google a bit slower but still a great tool
Great app please add support for adding and resizing images like word, also simple things like changing font size would be tops :-)  Keep up the good work.
Works well with little to complain about
Great integration though. I love it
Needs real changelog. Needs native app editing. Slow. Barely worth using. I keep around only so I know when it gets updated, to try again.
Used often,  works on Atrix
This app would have been great if more integration with the current applications were provided. FTP access to the drive would be highly appreciated.
Took what was great about Dropbox and added a little twist to it. I like that Google is giving 5gb of space to start off with. The desktop client is great and is just like Dropbox with the folder sync.  My only real criticism is that the Spreadsheet function on Android devices needs some serious work. Its user interface is terrible. Imputing values is a hassle, so therefore I end up using my native spreadsheet app and then transferring over to Google later on.
Great app! There are a few things that would make it better like auto folder sync for offline use. But a great app for file sharing across a team.
Google now owns your files :-(((
It deserves 4 stars.love google.
Its really good,, but it occupies more space in phone. pls fix it and we feel better if it movable to sd card. Otherwise reduce the size 8 mb to less
Very good
Google, I am not of one to complain about things; however, I am not happy with the way things have been with the Google.Inc Android apps.  It seems like you guys are thinking too much when it comes to the whole Google experience.  I want my Google Docs to be Google Docs, and I want my Google Drive to be Google Drive; do not merge them together. That is just ridiculous.  Another issue that I am having Google, is that you guys do not have a standalone Notes app.  You guys have the Google Scratchpad as a Google Chrome app, but not for Android.  What sort of madness is that?  This is the kind of inconsistency that I hate when it comes to Android.  If you guys do plan on beating Apple in the mobile business, then please pull yourselves together, and give the people some great Google app experience.
Only gripe is that it says unable to open .rar files, but .zip is fine. I only use .rar so this is very inconvenient, will this be available in the future?
I like the thumbnail previews! Please allow entire folders to be made offline.
Great,  but cant convert uploaded csv to G doc file
I really like google docs but this app is terrible. Slow, clunky and the features are so limited you might as well log in from your desktop
Hey guys.. I REALLY want to use this service, but it occupies space on my inrenal memory .. 10+mb.. Such demanding space on my medium end phone is kind of a rough bargain :( Please give an option to move to sd card !!
Google keeps allowing the freedom to customize my wireless work ups with apps I choose to or not to use. And I can live with providers and manufacturers based pre-installed apps. Life as a consumer. Life is still good. The misery of life 4 the complainers? I wish I could upload certain pix on apps instead of needing my devices memory when sharing. I can do it with "Box." Still deciphering between the two. Doesn't hurt 2backup2 spots. My media files were hijacked in Jan so I do realize their priceless(ness).
All I need is the ability to put files in to folders and create folders.
All I need is the ability to put files in to folders and create folders.
Good app. I highly recommend the ability to edit doc's through google drive by its self.  Thank you ,,,,
Works great thanks
Make having needed files handy no mater my location.
Must have.
You still can't download files to SD card
needs work. when i upload 1.5GB it says my 5GB space is full and i should buy more storage. when i buy more it gives a technical error. if and when it all works it will be my default storage, better than dropbox
Now I can create doc in drive, store and access everywhere...
I love this app for its live editing features as well as starting with others. It can almost replace drop box but the main issue is one you transfer a file from your pc and need to store it on tour phone you can't do this from drive need an option to save file to your phone then it'll be perfect.
Also a method of direct download to SD would be great
Yay! Super useful!!
This is much more like it from Google. So much better than the old Docs app. Works flawlessly. Just needs more functionality in the word processor.
after the last update the app loads faster but needs to have thumbnail view for photos.
It's like Dropbox.
Very handy for synchronizing my folder-organized text files between multiple portable devices, over and laptops. The one additional feature I'd really like is a text-search function within a single file.  Thanks Google!
and well integrated
If only i can get a link directly to send the link to any contact..I think adding ( get link ) will be great.. in this cas it will be app #1
This app does most the things I want, but is missing many key features that other apps have. You cannot edit Google docs presentations from the app, this is very frustrating.
This keeps trying to install automatically and I don't want it.  Just because I have a gmail address does not mean I want anything else from you, Google.
Love having and sharing files anywhere.   Adding grid view solved my photo needs, but... Offline files MUST be easy to access.  Right now they're in a cache with some random 20 character names...
All is ok but it fails to make files available offline and also cannot create a doc while offline. When I create a doc I cannot find it anywhere, I have to go to "recently opened" or to search it. Beside these issues, this is an excellent basic text editor. Small and neat characters, text alignment ("justified" included), same characters while landscape!!! and other nice small stuff.
What ever google do, it's excellent.....! Keep Rocking Google.....!
Very cool. Excellent for collaboration.
Google is getting the app from trash, to great.  Please update so there is a font size feature and power point.
Still, it should let you download files to your sd card...
Works great on my PC, it would be very cool for it to work on my phone. Please fix!
I load up all my ringtones from an archive on y PC and drop them in googledrive to xfer to my phone.   Xfer works great; but once on phone are useless.  Cant control where they go on phone and once there no easy way to get the music files to move to a location where the phone recognizes them. (without root file manager).  Not useful in current form.   Dropbox; works perfectly in same scenerio.  Just long touch on the file and it goes whereever you want it on local phone.  Impossible with Google drive
Its OK.
Great app
Xls editor needs some improvement
It's okay overall but the document scanner kinda sucks.
Please make it possible to see icons/thumbnails of photos on phone as in browser... I have no idea what I'm looking at when I'm going through tons of picture files all with the same little icon... Or am I missing out on something? Useful app however. Thanks
Nice one
Add a feature to have a passcode lock like dropbox and then I will rate 5 stars
Much better since some the update
No complaints.. I and am sure everyone out there wants more space.. Then 5 twikle twinkle from my side..
This works great on my phone and pc.
More formatting options would be nice, like fonts and footnotes.
Add all the features that dropbox has and you'll have a winner, Google.
The document from photo got now just work on the features in docs you got a solid products oaks!
This is just a front end for the web version of google docs. A real android-integrated app is long overdue.
Spreadsheets work but I get an error every time I try to open a document
There is no office application with Hebrew support on the market...  Hoped this one will have it but no....
It takes a bit to open, I don't know if it's just my phone?
Feels nice and easy to use but would like to see the ability to import pictures into a new or existing doc or the ability to add by taking a new photo
I think this app is a good start but I feel like it's not quite complete.  I have been unable to create a folder from within the Drive app. I have only been able to do so from the Drive/Docs website.  Every new document I create from the Drive app is placed on the root of my Drive - even if I'm browsing another folder when I click create. This wouldn't be so bad except that I have been unable to move files between folders from the Drive app. So it's back to the Drive/Docs website to organize files.  I have been unable to share by URL from within the app. I have only been able to share by email/username. URL sharing is available from the Drive/Docs website.   Verizon HTC Incredible ADR3600 Running CM7.2
App is good, but needs additional options, like creating folders and sharing with, not only my contacts in Gmail, but with anybody who has the link
4-stars for residing in phone memory :)
Need better offline integration
Need for generating an URL of a file/ folder.
Ok X
Good but I wish you could move it to sd card.
I think this app is very capable & can replace likes of Dropbox, et al. It can even replace Evernote for some. However, the app has a few downsides. The first is, inability to install on SD card. Its fairly large at 10MB installed. Next, is lack of auto upload options for photos/videos. Though I prefer manual options, such a feature can be handy. But the final & the biggest flaw is a very cumbersome 'upload' process. Its best to use a file manager with Drive & I use X-plore currently.
Simple and uncluttered with a good text editor and works well with Box. Only two things: it bugs me that the first screen upon opening is the "My Drive," "Starred", etc. screen (shown in the example images above). I'd prefer it show you the document lost right away, to save the unnecessary extra click on "My Drive". And it desperately needs a more functional widget. I'd appreciate a recent docs list. Otherwise, does what it says! Useful app.
It is great app. 1. Can you add a way to move to your device not only "make available offline". 2. Multi select files. 3. Ability to select the folder to upload to. 4. Move files to different folders for organization.
Nice to use app
Would be 5 stars if they added a way to password individual files.  App works very well, and offline mode is very convenient!
I love being able to add & edit documents on the go. Only thing I could ask for is offline editing. That would definitely make this app a whole lot better!
Good but could use navigation like in Gmail and Maps so the back button isn't needed. Also, you should be able to move files into folders or select what folder to upload to.
Move to SD MUST BE modified as large size application as well as drive data after uploading file s.
UUotydsuml  Ggh figures j  M..     J
Having my docs and files with me is awesome. Tried to create a new doc with drive on the pc today and formating was a nightmare compared to the old docs interface? I was even using chrome, what gives?
I think its awesome but it needs an auto upload feature for pictures like dropbox
Use free es file manager and add gdrive to copy and paste easier
The wife and I can keep everything sync'd between us and print from with cloud print worn no problems. Can't wait to see what's next.
Will only get better. Put your stock in this one !
Very good app but uses lots of storage and CAN NOT be installed on a sd card
Very good app but uses lots of storage and CAN NOT be installed on a sd card
Can't view documents that have table...says "not supported".  Also, I wish I could view images in the drive like I can in the albums.  In the drive, images can only be viewed one at a time.
Is there a way to password secure the Drive app on a mobile device? If not, can there be in the future?
Woo hoo
This app would be perfect if it had an export to SD card option like drop box. Other than that I love it.
It needs batch operations, deleting files one at a time is annoying. It should upload to the file you are in or ask where you want to upload instead of just uploading to the root.
Really, that is the main and only mistake I've found using this software. It seems silly to me that you can send the file you have on your own phone to someone else, but you can't use it on your phone, because the Drive has the "send" option, but not "download". "Make offline" just doesn't cut it.
Awsm...
it'd be appreciated if google drive can include "send as gmail attachment" function like what it can in desktop browser version, that is, sending as gmail attachment without needing to download it first. both google drive and gmail are parts of google, it shouldn't be difficult for her at all.
Impossible to edit sideshows. Editing text documents, spreadsheets, and other stuff is pretty functional. A document for galleries would be nice.
Good but could use the ability to create folders. Also a bit slow, but useful regardless.
Great app and am now using it more than dropbox... But... Look at the drop box app; automatically syncing mobile pictures and pin lock access? Get those features in and then its perfect. Thanks google
Ok, got it. Ole dopey me, lol. It helped to u/load file properly. Ain't technology grand?
Cant share with nobody that doesnt have a gmail....fuckin stupid!!!
Nice to have access to my Google Docs as well as all of my stored files on my phone.
Should have an offline access
But it needs photo thumbnails for viewing your photos! It needs photo thumbnails for viewing your photos!
Google must fix existing features such uploading files,there is no option to put files in which folders we want to keep.Just files and directly uploaded so not arranged neatly..
This app is now useless because it will not display files that have not been modified recently. Now I can't pull up old information when needed. Switched to dropbox and problem solved.
Good app, but really needs to allow you to edit without an internet connection or what's the point of the so-called offline function?
Hoping to see better folder organization and document editing tools soon. And since it's Google, there's no doubt that I will see these very soon.
Hey guys, I wonder... you cant create folders with this app? Oo
It's a great app and all, document editing is perfect, even uploading. However, when I either open an item or create a document or whatnot, it will force close itself, saying that Google Drive has stopped working, which is about 95% of the time--AND IT'S IRRITATING.  Please fix this, Google.
It's a great app and all, document editing is perfect, even uploading. However, when I either open an item or create a document or whatnot, it will force close itself, saying that Google Drive has stopped working, which is about 95% of the time--AND IT'S IRRITATING.  Please fix this, Google.
The last update says that there is an option to download files...where is that option ???
I like! I love!!
Some of my folders keep vanishing intermittently. They usually appear I'd i search for them though
Hey is there the chat bar function? If no could pls add it? Its really useful when it comes to doing group projects. Thks!
Excellent app
Great so far, but still behind Dropbox. Also needs thumbnails for images. Multiple downloads in one shot. better file saving options and location choice.	And more. Unfortunately a company as large as google is VERY VERY SLOW when it comes to software development and updates.
It's a great app but can't make a PowerPoint presentation can only view
When Drive was first released as the Docs app, it was slow, buggy, and lacked a lot of functionality. Today, it is a very smooth, sleek app that is almost on par with the browser version. The only feature missing from this app is the ability to create new folders. Add this feature and it will be five star material!
Hi,  This application is very nice and user friendly, I use to my android phone as well as for my notebook.  I have some suggestion for improving quality and rating for app below.  I think, Google drive for android need additional feature. to syn docs and files which is in specific folder in android phone (As what drive did for windows OS platform). And also editing files are must from android phone (Currently the drive have their on application to edit files in drive).  These feature make some good step forward and users will like more to use this application.
So far works great!
I wish there was a way to create new folders
Files are encrypted. No access to files on phone or memory card. No auto upload feature.
It should have an option for offline folder instead of offline files only.
This app takes up 9.5 MB on my phone. I think that's a little bit excessive for what it does. Otherwise, the app is outstanding, but I have a really hard time fitting it on my phone's internal memory.
Add in the ability to print and it will be prefect!
Ok but slow compared to Dropbox
Docs and Drive are both great services, and this app gives a nice simple interface for accessing them.  Only complaint is that it seems to have trouble with connection (mainly slow speed) when other internet apps are working fine.
Would be really nice to be able to stream uploaded files instead of having to download every time.
It would be great if we can add a file to a specific folder created in drive when we upload from our smart phone
Nice app, very useful but too big. Almost 9MB is waay too much!
Nice and clean apps. But not all files can be viewed. Lots of improvement area.
This is a great app which works really well. Spreadsheet editing could be easier though.
Sensational app team. One small complaint. The upload complete taskbar icon is broken (too large to display properly).  Otherwise a good show :)
Need space on my Nexus One...
It syncs perfectly, functions as advertised, is aesthetically pleasing, and easy to master...what's not to like?
Love this app but one feature I miss before its perfect for me is being able to upload files from phone to specific folders and not just to the drive.
Love this app but one feature I miss before its perfect for me is being able to upload files from phone to specific folders and not just to the drive.
Still needs work. How about creating folders from the phone, or moving items to folders. Have to go to a computer to do this. Simple features Google.
Great idea, would love to see easier and smoother ability to edit spreadsheets. Otherwise. A great app.
I like this app on my androidphone, it's very nice. But desktop version is less functional than Dropbox (need creating public link and sharing option directly on desktop). The service is not useful without good desktop version, therefore 4/5.
That is the best tool from Google. You can share files with everybody (if you want  of course). That saves time and resources. Like magic!   Eeeh Google, if, just if you guys could do everithing like this one:-)
I don't like the fact that it keeps staying in my process list, automatically restarts itself if terminated.
I love this app! Works exactly as stated and flawlessly as well. Thanks!-ypg70samsung mp3
It it wasn't for the fact that Linux isn't yet fully supported outside of the Chrome browser I'd give this 5 stars. 4 will have to do for now.
Sometimes when flipping through uploaded .pdf files it goes white/blank and needs reloaded ... fix please?
Do not have feature to move/arrange file to a collection/folder....
Hope to have the function to select folder when uploading files.
Can you plz give us the ability to password protect this app like drop box does?
I pay the monthly fee for 100gb a month and although this app works, it's pretty basic. The 'share' integration is hit and miss (ie. You're in Facebook, you see a pic you want to keep, so you save it by 'sharing' it to Google drive), plus there's no picture preview or thumbnail view when browsing. I primarily use this as a backup site for my photos. These are about 6mb each so having no preview / thumbnail is a bit of an ache. Have to download each individually to view. Other than that, it does the job. :-)
Is is possible to sync my Google Calendar and Outlook Calendar? Please advise....and....thanks.
Love the ease of use but lacks a seamless file download feature. Want to be able to check off docs for direct to sdcard dling. Soooo close to perfect...
Need to be able to upload multiple photos at once
You can store all your files with this. I like it very much
Does what it claims to do.
No doc upload. No Gmail integration (can't open an attached doc).
For me this is not online storage like drop box. This is online document editor and viewer.
I do a lot of highlighting in PDFs on the desktop and those are saved and synced in google drive. However on the phone, there is no way to have a pdf be downloaded, edited, and resynced automatically. It just gives me a system error after I put some highlights in and hit "back"
-1 star because there is no passcode lock. Anybody with my phone can reads and deletes my files on Drive and coz it's synced, it means also deletes the files on my pc
Kool
I have not gottdn into using this app as much as I should have because I rely on my laptop too much. It has been wonderful so far as I use it for work purposes on the go.
I like how its integrated and works well but skydrive has 7 GB and was released a while ago hopefully maybe Google drive will increase to 10 GB free storage to surpass what's already out there.
If it has a simplier interface like Dropbox it was awesome.
It's great but I only have one problem. I cannot view thumbnails of photos. I have to go over all the photo to find the one I want. Dropbox has that
e
One feature that I would like is to be able to create shortcuts on my home screen to specific docs, not just the app that lists all of them. Other than the fact that the functionality is pretty basic and needs to be improved, this works pretty well
Ati ramro software. Yasto malai chahiyeko thiyo.
Wish i could select folders to keep in sync and upload larger files
I've now managed to organise myself rather than having doc's stored here there & everywhere they are now all in one place.
Where did it go?
Document is very friendly and nice to use can't say the same about spreadsheet.. Sadly the lack of an in-document/spredsheet search function makes it unusuable for editing very large files on mobile. I hope someday to see the ability of inserting pictures and objects from mobile app. Devs, please dont forget to update spreadsheet... it is really a pain to use it as it is right now.
Document is very friendly and nice to use can't say the same about spreadsheet.. Sadly the lack of an in-document/spredsheet search function makes it unusuable for editing very large files on mobile. I hope someday to see the ability of inserting pictures and objects from mobile app. Devs, please dont forget to update spreadsheet... it is really a pain to use it as it is right now.
Gr8
The service as such is good. I am regularly using Google Drive at home and Office and its surely an awesome service.but the android app lacks a lot of features which are there in the website. But overall it's better than any other cloud service.
Can't even use exel files...
I love Google Drive for desktop but the app needs some work.  Editing is very limited and the app consistently freezes  and crashes with longer documents.
The app is good, but I just found out that it takes a huge 49.59 MB of memory, which is 10 times more than average app!
Cloud is good. But spreadsheet editing is useless. Also live-sync like in iCloud is unavaliable
For some reason Google Drive no longer let's me make my personal videos available offline. I can stream them, but not download. All other file types can download just fine. What gives?!?
Why does this app keep trying to sign me in to Google docs? It says google drive. And yet it goes to a sign in screen for docs and will not let me put in my password. I used to love this app until the update.  Please address.
I like dropbox but looks like they have a challenge
Very handy little app
A few observations and requests:  - I wish I could create a new folder from this app . -I wish I could specify which folder uploaded files would go into from the phone.  Overall I am really positive about Drive as a service.
I like how this app showcases Google's ability to perform with convenience, but I was frustrated to find that tables aren't supported. Come on.
5 Stars for Linux Support
Glad that I can access and edit my files on my tablet.  My only issue is that I don't have the option to print.  Very useful though.
Google Drive tells me that tables are not supported. I need those to track sales on the go, so it would be great if that were fixed real soon.
Very useful app. Ubiquitous access to your data. Only caveat is that I was unable to edit--only view--on my phone a simple Notepad-created text document that was synced to my Droid 2. Other text editor apps can open but not write changes back to the Drive directory.
It is working perfect for me! Everything is reliable enough but  this app would be better if you would have the options in the desktop version like Word Count etc.   And when you type a dot comma and question mark. 2 characters would be removed. A little tweaking, I'll rate this 5
It is working perfect for me! Everything is reliable enough but  this app would be better if you would have the options in the desktop version like Word Count etc.   And when you type a dot comma and question mark. 2 characters would be removed. A little tweaking, I'll rate this 5
Doesn't show all documents in some views
Another superb staff frm google i ve install on my pc nd android But just lacks option of download and create folders on my android galaxy y duos hope google put both options soon for such devices too as such options availble on pc
Works better than box. Need to move sd dev, pls change it r fix it
Love the latest version. It will be perfect if you can figure out a way to move and organize documents into different folders from android version.
Love the latest version. It will be perfect if you can figure out a way to move and organize documents into different folders from android version.
Great access to online Google Drive. I'd like to see a folder option available in the menu in the next update.
A great start to Drive. Just needs an option to keep folders synced offline, not just individual files, and a way to see photos on Drive as a slideshow, and it'll be brilliant.
It's like Dropbox, (which I also use), but with Google Docs. I've only had it crash once renaming a doc, but bugs are to be expected.
This is fine except that it doesn't support tables as Google docs and mydocs do.  I found this out in the doctor's office when trying to retrieve my medicine list.
Nice from Google
Very convenient for maintaining synchronization of files among different devices. Please add the function of multiple file deletion.
Wrap the regular Docs mobile website inside some webkit - and you'll have this app. You could use a regular browser for the same tasks. I think Google will do better than this in an eventual future version of the Docs app.
Works great but it sure could be confusing for people that just want docs
When you upload a file from sdcard would be nice to choose what folder you can send the file too
Great cloud based storage! It's almost perfect, but I think it's missing one crucial feature: an option to "Save to SD card" when selecting "Send". It's all very good making files available offline, but I don't always want that file to be opened from wherever the offline folder is hidden in my phone. Sometimes files need to be in a certain folder for another app to run them. Dropbox has this feature. Fingers crossed Drive will soon follow.
Takes a very long time to load my drive even on wifi..but overall good app
When uploading a file from phone I can't see how to select a folder to put them in. You can only select root folder. Needs that option like in Dropbox.
Would be super helpful if I could get a drive doc with one tap on my home screen. Also every time I hit the Starred kink from the widget it force closes. Every time. DROID X
Interesting replacement for Google Docs. Seems more responsive, though sorting by titles in more screens would be useful.
Great concept, but flawed. Constantly have to reinstall to access files otherwise it only says I have a confection problem.
Google drive works exactly how I want on my desktop PC but it's the android app that needs work. I want a "Save file or folder to..." option so I can more easily keep track of where things go when they appear on my phone.
Great app! Would give five stars if you could edit more types of documents and if the presentation mode was a little more suited for mobile devices. For what it already brings to the table though, it's fantastic.
I like linking my Google account, but the interface is messy. I would love to be able to customize how I view my items. I want to be able to view folder items I edit on my pc and bot see everything grouped together, this may be a feature already but I can't see how to do it. Needs to be more intuitive.
Great app but missing the feature to offline a folder. If it could do this it would be fantastic.
V good
Presentations are still messed up. Otherwise, a great app
Nice job google!!!!
Could use a passcode lock for those important files
Better than many Should have feature of showing images & videos in gallery format
Icloud has it. Drop box has it. Add it to this already
I have used G Drive weekly since it urged me to download it from the previous Google Docs. Just today it ceased to pull up the documents on my tablet. As I pulled up the information I could only get the list of titles on My Drive and Offline, however the documents would not pull up. I am being asked for my gmail pass word but it's not allowing me to type my password in. I feel it's a great program, I'd just like to be able to use it again the way I previously could.
That's my only peeve. I just wanna b able to save files to the sd card. Once that's possible,  Drive will merit five stars for sure.
Lost about 50 pics after factory reset. Now my pics of my son will never be gone! add some better pic viewing w/o dl plz.
The update to Docs improved everything about this app dramatically, it is now fully usable as a way to edit docs on the go, and the interface is as fantastic as all of google's new holo-style apps. However, it still lacks dropbox's killer feature (and the only reason I continue to use it), which is the awesome auto-upload of photos to the cloud.
Please add option share full folders thank you.
Just like drop box....but google runs it. I use use both just to have 2 backs in to different places.
Unable to create folder in the mobile app
Cau
I can't find where Google Drive is putting files on an Android Tablet when it is "made available offline." It's a fantastic product really, but I can't, so far, find the answer to this, or the files :)
Somethink with lack of features.
need option to download
Can't create a folder using the app... not crucial but a simple feature that should be standard. Maybe I'm just not seeing it. I know there's ways around it.
I've loved Google drive so far with no complaints!
Para EDITAR: entre no site do docs e mude o idioma para inglês. Depois do 2o login o botão 'edit' aparece, tanto no app quanto no navegador.
Need to be able to sort files from the app.
Amazing to use, but several flaws that makes it irritating to use to a point. In the document editing mode (at least on the Droid Enlighten) the caps and symbol button does not work unless it is held down at the same time as the button you want to push. It also does not automatically capitalize the first letter of a sentence which is a pain on a cell phone. This makes it just a little better than a notepad app, but I guess I'm just being picky.
If it was possible to create folders I would have given 5 stars.
Would give five star if you could create powerpoints. Other than that fast, syncs well, offline is handy and app looks good. Worthwile download!
Definitely on the right tack, but there are some improvements I would like to see for the mobile app - ability to save within specific folders in my drive, and/or the ability to move files around within drive. The sharing options are great, but it would be nice to see some additional sharing options, like the ability to add/edit/delete as separate options (so collaborators can upload to the folder, but can not delete files or the like). Instant upload, while available through Google+, would be helpful.
Make option to make or crate folders, to organize content, it would be helpful.
Its nice but it can be even better with some tweeks
The capability to insert images from phone/tablet into documents when editing them.  Sync works great.  Nexus ICS on Verizon
Desktop app not as polished as dropbox, but since I'm a google apps platform user, the benefits outweigh it.
I like Google drive the only thing is that sometimes it keeps shutting down on me nd I wish they would fix that. Other than that drive is awesome
I'm REALLY annoyed that you can't move it to SD card
Please add a file browser where pictures, audio, video and files seprate.
Best document editor on Android I have found so far, but needing to be online to edit kinda sucks. Make docs editable offline & I'll happily rate this 5 stars.  Also, for offline files, giving the choice to open them straight from the phone as opposed to trying to re-download it automatically would be awesome, especially for large files.
improve speed please. and when i close the app with backspace the app crash.
I need to be able to expert files from drive to my phone. Changing sharing properties and getting a link to the file to share is also necessary. Thumbnails of images would also be nice.
I would love for this app to be able to integrate with gmail, I always try to added an attachment stored in my google drive while in gmail and my only options are my gallery or box (which I'm trying to let go of due to file size limits) please if somebody knows how to fix this let me know.
Needs the ability to browse through all documents!
Not perfect but does the job. I just cannot find how to create new folder directly from Android phone?
Want atto syc for my pic
This app is great when you need a few files really quick.  But when browsing pictures you have to download the entire image to preview it..
To completely replace dropbox I'll need auto photo / video upload.
Good start. Would love the ability to save files from websites directly to Drive instead of downloading then uploading.
Google docs was unusable on my Android devices, but since they switched over to drive I have no issues. Good job.
I love this app it's very useful and we'll made, but it lacks some of the desktop features, one of them being equations, I understand if you can't write them, but not being able to see them is very odd and i hope support will be added in a future update
Needs better folder support. Can't upload to folders of any kind, and shared folders seem useless via mobile.
Google drive is great, but it should have right to left writing in documents. The option to make folders offline is needed too!
It's a great app. I still don't find it as good as dropbox though. I may just need ti give it more of a go though.
No Support Thumbnails?
It works
Needs some bug fixing.
It is at least double the stated size and can't be moved to SD card
Very good. However can direct uploads from phones, they always go to the default folder.
It would be awesome to have a better view of comments.
It doesn't handle multiple accounts on a computer very well. We have two Android users and we both use our drives but its a huge pain to switch accounts on our desktop.
If you do business and travel to China, be warned. At the moment, Google Drive is blocked in China! Such. I hope Google can work this out because I frequently travel to China for business and I would like to use this service there.
Great app but needs the ability to auto sync folders.
Really helpful
I love this app. Wish I could move it to my SD Card, as my phone is low on space.
My folders keep disappearing and reappearing. Sort it out Google cos you're better than dropbox!
This is great. Thanks
Would be nice to have a PIN code feature for another layer of security, a la DropBox
Need to have a bulk uploading option and file selector built in.  Also getting many upload errors recently.  Great start, can't wait to see what it will end up evolving to.
The primary feature of a documents application should be editing documents. In case of Google Docs this feature is implemented very poorly, without the possibility to add rich text features. This is a major regression compared to the full web interface. Especially frustrating on tablets!
Its ok
I love this app, but can't believe that it doesn't have spell check built in! What do you say, Google? Please add and it would be five stars!
It's working perfectly, but is there a simpler way to actually save/download the files I make available offline other than going through (several) randomly named folders in my SDCARD?
Can we get a thumbnail of jpg or similar files while in list view?
Swag
OCR still not support traditional Chinese.
This is a great app and it's so easy to use..
Was waiting for it a long time. The only thing I want is an option to secure it with a pin code.
I would to be able to automatically sync files created on my phone to the drive.
Creating a doc in a folder doesn't save it in the folder. Updated docs editor, except spreadsheet is weak and isolated (web bases, no menu options, which is strange from the creator of the OS that promotes unified design now) Otherwise great step towards cloud storage with content creation.
Please, allow for app2sd and make entire folders available offline easier. That way it'd be a 5 stars app.
Make option to email files from G-drive that has been uploaded to G-drive
Please make the app and chrome can view plain text. Thanks.
It could do with the ability to download folders as .zip like online
I'll forget the Dropbox, if you make a PUBLIC LINK feature! This is the only reason for the four stars.
I use gDocs as my main office suite, but I have to use QuickOffice to do anything on my phone. There are some nice things about the Writer tool now, but the rest is just a web frame. When it becomes a bit more full featured I'll rave and shout it to the world :)
there's no support for Mac 10.5.8 (leopard) which is a) annoying b) worse than dropbox. so this versus dropbox i vote dropbox!! but then again its 5gb free storage so I have backed up some stuff that i'll never have to change via my phone.
You NEED to add the option to organize your folders.    I wish that spreadsheets weren't such a pain to use though. That should be the next update...ok Google?
Please give the ability to upload several documents, pics etc at once
I have an ics tablet and it was a little sad to see the spell check feature isn't available in this office app. Other than that its amazing and I use it to take all my notes in class.
The app is great. It gives you access to your Google Docs. What is up with Google's stupid names lately though? Play, Drive really?
Definitely room for improvements, but a great start.
does what I want it to with minimum fuss, for those that don't have a file manager download Es File Explorer from the Play store, its free & compliments Gdrive nicely :)
There is no option to make a folder from your mobile device.  My career requires me to take photos of working products and also signed paperwork for many different locations and the ability to create a new folder for a client and/or date pictures are taken would really benefit this program. I am on the road and i do not like to carry a laptop everywhere which is why I use my Toshiba tablet and my Droid Bionic to do most of my work.  Google, please add the create folder option from mobile devices, this is the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars.
Needs a gallery or view in thumbnail before opening file...another apps does but waiting for google...other than that its good.
Nice app, a little work needed, being able to create folders & thumbnail view for photos would be nice. Dropbox is under threat!
Connected good services but requires more features..
need option to upload into folder. and i also want to view my file in thumbnail.
Very good integration with google services and good file browser. Still behind on storage space compared to others. I only use it because it is integrated with my google account and certainly not my first option.
Google Docs really needs better editing ability. Its a google app for goodness sake!
Does what our says although on the nexus s it's a wee bit slow. So should rock on faster models.
But very scares compared to the desktop version. Works good.
Love it just needs multi upload option
very usefull
I'm loving it, but productivity suffers when on the Subway,  if it had a true offline mode that would be great.
Google drive is a joke! Store reader digest and made it offline, but each time i want to open it, it takes almost 5 minutes to  load the full whole magazine! Ive no problem when i didnt make it store off line as it will open instantly but there r time i have to redownload it for no reasons. Sticking back to dropbox and microsoft skydrive. Transformer Prime user (fastest tabletfor now) here by the way
Only fault: Hard to see long files names.
What, no spell check?   Not only do we need spell check, but more formatting options like everything that's available on the site!
Should be able to save files to downloads folder
I couldn't use Dropbox....for lack of good usability features, in my opinion. So I was a bit sceptical about Google Drive, but I must admit, am pretty impressed so far. I particularly like that it sync really quickly between devices. Although there are some issued to be ironed out, as pointed out by other reviewers, is a definite keep and I hope it would become a "must-have" for me, once is updated with more features/functions and improved usability. Oh did I mention the smooth UI.....forget Dropbox!
No synchronization like in pc
I'm happy but would greatly appreciate App2SD.
Much better than Google Docs used to be.
Amazing and usefully app. Makes my life easier. Download and do not uninstall. 4stars because incoplete.
I'm tired of having to go to a kill app to stop apps that don't provide an exit. Otherwise this is a great app.
Love the app, but this is the only reason i m still on dropbox....Please update to support Google Drive!!!!
Make managing files much easier.
Great app . Wish it supports tables. It's annoying.
Fast.
I love the drive concept and integration with google eco system.  But the app could be more user friendly.  I echo the desire of others to have a simple "download" option that would download to a location such as /sdcard/Drive/ instead of the make offline function which stashes files in /sdcard/Android/data/com.......docs/files etc.....    this would be useful for ismply downloading files for later when you may not have internet access and dont necessarily want to just 'open' the file in the conventional sense but want to access it with another app.  again, almost there.
good
Amazing drive after looking another and I trust google big name
Very easy to use app. I like the option to make a file available offline. I only have one gripe: any video I uploaded to the drive becomes low resolution when downloaded to watch on my phone. On PC its fine.   I shoot in 1080 on my phone and get really frustrated when it looks like 480 once I re download the video. On PC video looks great.
Missin an option to share a file through a link, thereby you could share the file with non drive users.
Till now good
I would like to see the ability to print right from the app itself rather than having to open up the web version then selecting print.
Its great... working app love it... only thing that would be great is to be able to edit presentations and use as remote on presentations
I love this app lets me do my homeowrk at home and at school, but many times it messes up numbers ; for example if I put in 1:27:8 it becomes 1:27:08 Other than that this is a very nice app
What can you say it's free. You get 5 gig, which for most people will be plenty. It seems to have plenty of speed and you can access it anywhere. Yes maybe a few more bells and whistles would be nice but I already like the advantage of being Cloud Browser driven.
add an app password, just like dropbox. thanks
It is distracting that one cannot download files to the phone from this app. Only make available offline works which is not good enough always. Also there should be possiblity to create folders and move files to folders on this app.
Google inc is best
I mostly just want to be able to change document/file privacy from my phone (Samsung Galaxy Nexus)... that is my only real complaint so far
I dnt lyk this app whatsoever. What happened to regular google docs? Google drive is a dumb idea messed everything up for me.
The ability to change sharing of files within the app from private to public.
Trying to find the option to print always takes me too long. I wish I didn't even have to open a doc to print it, let alone use the Web interface. No other complaints though.
I love Google drive. The convenience of being able to work on something at school, then going home to my laptop and being able to work on it again without delay is awesome. But in the Android app for Google docs, you cannot create or manipulate folders. This means that before I can work on my project at home, I have to organise my drive. This creates a delay in what should be a fast and intuitive service.
Love this but wont let me move to sd then ill give 5 stars
My gripe is I'm leaning toward all google on my phone including drive. Love it. My gripe is I can't see thumbnails of my pictures in the app. And I don't have a way to export them to my SD card. I have to export to my dropbox, then go to dropbox and export them to my SD card that way. That's a pain. Can this be fixed? Thank ya. :)
Era ora!
I would like to see the inclusion of editing presentations from my phone. Not just docs and spreadsheets
Nice app easy to use. Need the ability to select and upload multiple files at once. 5 stars if that is added
Cann't upload folder and move file to another folder.
5stars if you make it less complicated to share files
Takes way too long to load (~15-20 seconds)
Need to be able to select which folder to upload too from mobile app, PLEASE!!!!!
I really like the app, but I'm not sure how to upload files into specific folders. Any time I upload, it only seems to go into my drive, never the sub-folder I want it in. Anyone got a solution?
It would be nice if you could auto-upload some folders over wifi
Can't make folders or move stuff into folders. I like the integration into ics however I wish I could reorder my sharing shortcuts but that's another story.
Can't make folders or move stuff into folders. I like the integration into ics however I wish I could reorder my sharing shortcuts but that's another story.
Editing ia very laggy, sgs2
Editing ia very laggy, sgs2
There's no picture support what so ever...
Cool combine
But needs some features. Google cloud print should be fully integrated, and easy to access in-app. I would love a gallery sync option, also.
basically it seems like a DropBox+. There is a lot of space for improvement. I own a Mac but I went for a cheap Android. Something more like iCloud (and above) is still needed.
As usual google is giving us this new product to complete the set of its existing beautiful products, however i didnt find a good reason to ditch my 18GB dropbox account and switch completely to drive. Ill be using both but mainly dropbox until an update arrives with new features, then ill rate it 5
Love the app... It better then drop box..
Love this app. Gives more space than drop box. But I can't share photos on it to Facebook or save them to my phone. :-(
Love the 5GB storage. Please add a public so that I can upload files and share with anyone who has the link to my files/folder, even if they do not have a Google acc. Simple interface that I like.
Great job gguys
Apparently you can't view charts on spreadsheets with this app
My big complaint about the App is that it doesn't allows the user to download files/folders from the cloud. For example I have a picture in the cloud, and I want to download it, not to make it available for offline usage.
Would like option for pictures taken on my phone to be automatically uploaded to drive like dropbox, please add!
I can't move this app to SD Card !!, it consumes about 9MB of my internal storage.. Please add option to move it to SD Card.. :)
Good program, still not sure if I'm going to jump ship from dropbox.
With google drive for android, i encounter the same problem as with google music: it is a pain having to check each individual file to make it "offline", considering that I have thousands of files.
Would like to see a "grid view" added so I can see tiles of my pictures / documents before downloading them. Otherwise, great product!
Took away g docs with a product that's not yet ready? FAIL.
Nice update to Drive. App looks a lot better on ICS, editing is still there and I get all my files when I need them! Needs a way to make entire folders offline.
Nice to be able to access my docs
Update... Work around for a major complaint I (we) have about folders.  I can use Quickoffice as a file manger for Drive.  I can create folders and documents within folders.  Also I can move existing file documents to folders.  This is awesome for me as I tend to use my Razr Maxx more than my pc.  Dropbox is awesome but it doesn't play nice on a different pc than mine with the dropbox client.  Editing from the web is flexible with "Drive".
20+ second load on Samsung Intercept, not reccomended for older droids. No way of accessing pictures from Gdrive without downloading them. Currently using it only as an easy way to get files to my computer at home
Can't save docs locally hence not good for a quick look at files, internet connection and time is required to open a doc.
no soporta caracteres latinos. Al pasar archivos .txt a su compatible en google docs, se pierden todos los caracteres especiales (vocales acentuadas o símbolos numéricos). Una pena también el no poder seleccionar carpetas enteras para el modo sin conexión.
Finally!  Will you be adding automatic picture upload when taking pictures?
Very easy to use generally, the docs component still needs some more features though. On Drive, I first tried to upload 2 pictures and even though I didn't select "convert to docs file" it did the conversion. Since then no issues though.
Most of my folders in Drive didn't show up in the mobile version until I uninstalled and reinstalled. Othrrwise, great app!
I agree with Fredbob3. It's an awesome app but it's difficult to upload "folders" if your file browser isn't working with you. Other than that, a brilliant app and one that will definitely make my life easier. Well-done again, Google.
This is a top first effort. The web client is great and the PC sync works well. But the Android app needs work. We should have the option of keeping files sync'd to our Android device so we can edit them with any app on our Android. There also needs to be more Document editing options on Android. You can't even resize text on the Android version, and you can't edit presentations at all, so everything feels stunted when using it on Android. Add these things and I'll happily bump this to a 5 star rating.
it provide only 5gb for storage for free...whereas box give 50gb of free space....i know that comparison of goggle(really great) with box is not possible...but i want more free space so i go to with box...
This app is a good addition to Google's suite if services. However they could do a better job in the UI department. I like that I can upload any file from any if my devices.
Offers same basic functions as Dropbox, Sugarsync or Box. Still some room for improvement. One freeze after few days of light use. SGS
Missing some features like saving to SD card instead of just making available offline to view within the app. Creating links to share with others would be great.
Tq very much. Now i can upload my everything
It does the job well enough but not a good idea to keep your important docs as Google has complete rights to do whatever they want with your docs.
works great, can view and edit all docs, spreadsheets and presentations on my gnex. thx goog.
Missing: - create folder - complete folder upload  - folder download  - upload file to a specified folder  - make a folder or multiple selected files offline
works... haven't encountered any issues.
works... haven't encountered any issues.
Great app, but you should be able to move files to folders
Would get 5 stars if it had intergrated cloud print. Great app otherwise
Great software, so easy and perfect. Instantly gets transfered to pc. It would be awesome if you could set it to automatically post pictures to your computer, or automatically update your calendar, like icloud. Great job google! One thing to improve: when I put mp3 songs in my drive, I wish they could go into my phone music library, I can play them, but they don't go into the library, please fix this.
Working great online in browser on linux and on phone. But to be perfect it needs 2 things: -Native support for Linux/Ubuntu. -Create folders using mobile version.  Other than that, its sweet.
Needs loads more features. ASAP need to be able to create new folders so can organise files. Auto sync needed and option to install app to SD card because takes 8mb internal space. Had a few upload errors too but overall a good Free service.
The only thing I want this to have is to automatically sync and upload files from your phone so everything is safe
But would like to be able to download files to any location I want on my phone.. instead when I click a file it just tries to open.
Can't organize my docs and can't export files to sdcard
Working great so far!  And auto photo upload is a function of google plus.... Stop down grading apps for things YOU THINK it should do....?
As we all know, google is always on the ball with innovations, and this application does not disappoint. However, it suffers a substantial flaw; its interface falls behind other Google applications like Gmail.
I would like to upload folder full of pictutes. Ok from PC. Thanks
But it's not uploading the entire video. It sometimes only uploads about half of it.
Really easy too use, simple yet function interface.
Nice app, but highly expensive with less space!
Drive now seems more user friendly than the mobile docs app. But I will still keep Dropbox because it provides easier transferring of bulk photos.
Really simple and easy to use, please add a password lock like dropbox.
Would have been 5 stars if I can make folders.
To be able to see the file sizes of the file. Just so that I know how much data I might consume should I choose to sync from server to phone
The only thing I dislike so far is when clicking a file it downloads automatically rather than just letting me viewthe file. Pleaseaddress this.
Mst hav
Love it went and got the 100gb for $5. I just wish it had instant upload. Also I would like an image preview.
Great app but needs folder creation and moving files
It needs an option to upload multiple songs at one time like Dropbox has.
Need organize, direct upload to particular folder. Colour folder on mobile, display folder when open instead of menu. Can give menu as flying bar on bottom like gmail.
Is it possible for Drive to reside on SD Card?
This is a crippled service until I can easily get a URL to share files like dropbox.
Great application, would be better if it had a password lock like drop box to keep files protected
Great application, would be better if it had a password lock like drop box to keep files protected
It's good for a 1.0 release but it looks like you can't make new folders with the Android client.
I quickly moved from Dropbox to Drive for the larger storage space and quicker speeds, my only complaint is that there is no option to directly download my files to my device......but dropbox had it and it worked great, please add this feature and you'll earn 5 stars!
Like ithers.. chiper... but don't realy understand the user rules & policies..... google can use my files to make ads for google drive or others stafff?
I have been using a little. Comments so far... 1 You need to be able to see thumbnail of photos and videos 2 it should automatically upload photos and video taken like dropbox. The option should be for wifi. Only.
Amazing step from The Giant. Although it still behind major competitors by 20 GB... Looking forward for a real advancement
Love the upgrade
I would really like spellcheck in Google docs.
Add share file via link so that we provide link for the person whom we want to share the file with who doesn't hv GOOGLE account...
I woulda given it 5 stars but it doesn't allow you to create folders from the android application. You have to go to the website to do that. Little bit annoying. Hopefully it something they will fix in the newer version.
Has some useful features but just links to the mobile web platform. One can't edit stuff off line at all. Also the web platform is rather bare. It needs work. The main issue the web platform is awful on my dell streak 5. In Portrait mode I can only use a quarter of the screen to edit while the bottom quarter is for my keyboard. The middle half of my screen is blank space. Needs some major work but at least they finally added an app. Not that I'd ever use it to edit or create a doc on my phone.
Good app and it works alright but it force closes sometimes.
Great app and service by Google! However the app badly needs thumbnail previews of pictures.  Nobody wants to guess what picture is the one they ant from thousands of pics.
Good It's nice to consolidate all of my files and have access them to them anywhere. No more jump drives.  Bad I still hate the editing process in a spreadsheet. Makes it almost unusable how you have to edit a row or a column and then push Submit every time.  It's a great start but I expect to see some improvements from it soon.  Samsung Galaxy SII Motorola Xoom
Seems to behave sensibly enough.
No download option
Now only if they would add an Edit Button when viewing documents other than you scrolling and accidentally removing/adding stuff
Many options could be added
I have been waiting so long for google drive.  Its really awesome that we we are getting supet services under one flag i.e. GOOGLE
Please make creating folders on my phone a feature. Going to my crappy computer to add a folder is rather annoying for a feature that should be in the app.
One feature that is lacking is that when I'm in my phone's photo gallery and I want to upload a photo to drive, it doesn't ask what folder I want to place it in. It just dumps everything in the root drive folder. How am I going to stay organized, google?
Please add multiple upload..
In hopes of this being fixed I will mention that it does not support the NUMBERS on my keyboard on my HTC EVO Shift. Other wise this is a great tool to use for school and work and even allows you to view and edit docs in the application and even make new ones. Good job google.
The Mac application is awesome, but the Android version still have some holes. Need to be able to batch edit/upload and upload pictures automatically. Also I am confused about Picasa now, where Google wants me to upload my pictures, to Picasa or Drive? I would like if Drive import my Picasa pictures. But it was a nice start and I am already using it instead of Dropbox.
Ggg
I was looking for apps that could cloud like Icloud for Android and Google did it. Needs more though, such as multiple file or whole file uploading, instant uploading ect
Please add instant upload as an option for pictures
I have an Excel document on my Google Drive folder for sync. I did some tests. I don't know how you guys intend for Drive to work, but this is what I came to find out: You can work on and off line from the computer, and when online, whatever edits you did to a document, they will sync. You will see the updates on your phone when all is synced. However, you cannot edit on or offline on your phone, because it will not sync to your computer. It's cool I guess, I wish it was both ways. If this is how the app and program on PC is supposed to work, someone let me know so I can put 5 stars lol.
4 star until the ability to save files into folders and share as URL for people to view (and edit) without having to log in. Rest is perfect. Would like ability to resize text and add images but can live w/o.
App refuses to even download 1mb files when internal phone memory is less than 20mb. Need to be able to write to SD card. HTC Desire 2.3.
Just want to be able to upload files to the folder of my choice, not the main drive. I have a friend out of state and want to be able to send them pics to their shared folder from my phone, like Dropbox. I guess Dropbox will be my phone app for now.
Utility..grids
The App needs a function to allow the saving of a file to the phone's internal or external memory. Similiar services offer the ability to download or export files and allow you to choose where you would like the file saved. Otherwise, I am very happy with the performance and functionality.
We need the option of multiple selecting instead of uploading one document at a time very frustrating
Google Drive works as advertised. It's not perfect yet but you know how Google is. Constantly tweaking their services.  If you're paranoid about the terms and conditions, encrypt your files. Not that difficult.
It would be great if we could watch a video in streaming mode, instead of downloading it entirely.
Still not much of a difference besides name
I like this app but missing one feature.. I would like an option to download a file directly to the phone.. So that I can access this file from other applications.. Dropbox got the export feature! Everytime i want to download a file i'd have to go through my phones browser..!!!   The "Make offline" thingy don't allow me to access the file directly from other applications!
The editor for docs is great. But as a Drive app, it would be nice to be able to create folders and organize files by moving them around folders.
but I don't know...maybe its just me... but I would like to either be able to edit word documents on my tablet and have it re-sync or atleast be able to edit Google docs offline on my laptop& RTF doesn't seem to sync too well
Nice app, but irritating when it takes me 1 day to find my Google Docs only to realize that the name has changed...Great functionality, please notify end users when you change the NAME!!! I live on Google products and love 'em, but seriously couldn't find this last night when I need to access a doc.
Its brilliant. Now, I don't need Dropbox, Box or Evernote!
For those of you who just woke up and are griping about the Google Drive TOS, it's the same as the TOS was for Docs. In fact, Google moved to a comprehensive TOS to cover all of their services several months ago. Anything you have with Google is licensed to them.
Seems good so far. Just missing the ability to link an address to a file like in dropbox, which would make file sharing easier. Will ditch dropbox when / if such a function is added.
Can mobile drive have password protect?
Good app and makes it really easy to share from my desktop(s) to the web to my phone seamlessly.  All folders wouldn't sync to phone for some reason, but I could see the docs using the "recent" view. Uninstall/Reinstall fixed the issue and all folders are now visible.
Pls allow folder sync
Pretty much useful for storage. But lacks some basic functionality like creating folders, organising files into them,Instant camera upload like on Google Plus app. Other than that, 5 GB is the best! :D
but I want the ability to create folders from android and to upload multiple items at once. Then, I'll uninstall dropbox. ;-)
Decent start but there's room for improvement, like the ability to choose the folder when uploading. Basically you have to be able to do everything within the android application as you do on the pc.
It's good but there's room for improvement.
The app takes a while to sync any changes such as file deletions etc
this is the most important improvement rather than changing name.
Nice
A great app, but it really needs the ability to utilize Google Cloud Print.  Please add this!
Like the concept and I realize this is new but there has to be an option to change from private on mobile phone like the desktop.  Not everyone has a Google account.  This kinda makes it difficult to share files.  Plz update asap.
Its good for what it is now. But I know this will be great, over time. Next update should include thumbnail images, so we know what file is what, without downloading it and opening it.
I can't seem to figure out how to download a file that is in my Google drive account on to my phone. Example: If i have a .zip file and i don't want to to unzip what do you do. I can't seem to find a way around it. I simple download and the target where the download is going to go would be nice. Other than that this is the app i was waiting for.
It'll b better if it has automatic upload of photos taken like dropbox, n I'll totally b sold to Google Drive
Could be better if there was a way to upload files to a specific folder and a way to organise files. Other than that this is a great service
Could be better if there was a way to upload files to a specific folder and a way to organise files. Other than that this is a great service
Much better than docs and a ton easier to use than dropbox
This app is very good as compared to drop box
Gave it 4 stars for the any file upload ability to put app on sd card and low price for extra. I couldn't upload a large 65mb file because cache is on Internal memory but app itself is on card.
Would love to see more file support, Like rtf. Otherwise it's a great app
The interface is sleek, bulk upload of pictures/videos should be easier. To upload multiple pics/vids have to go to the picture gallery then hit share pick gdrive from there you can pick multi files to upload.
I like the interface, but my only issue is with the offline document editing/creation. It's utter shit. I would like to be able to create and edit my docs while in offline mode since the lecture rooms at my polytech do not have wifi.
It would have been nice if I chose to download it, instead of it doing it on its own.......
Nothing new..same as gdocs.  Defy+
A few more features, such as a password lock and those mentioned by others, would make this a great app.
waiting for a real sync (as in the desktop app), folder and batch down-&upload
"The box" has 50 gig of space - but rather have Google drive! Other then that I would rate 5*
Please make pin code protection for PC and Android, and remove upload notification
Good app I just wish Google wld give the option to save to SD some phones need it
Keep up the good work
I would really like to be able to put things I a file system so I can organize things
Muy bueno, me gusta mucho.
Nice app been waiting for this for some time. Been well worth the wait. Spreadsheet is tricky though.  Gdrive No change of any significance from Google Docs.   Is this really meant to be a file sync service! Not on android it ain't.
It has a. Very simple interface. However, you're unable to 1: Save items directly to the SD card(only make available offline) 2: you create specific folders. Overall very good. But needs some enhancements.
Just for the idea I am giving it 4. I will probably give it 5 but please make the option to move to sd card. My phone can't keep such big apps in internal memory.
Can't view my docs on app, uploaded through windows client software... waiting for d sol....
PLEASE add an instant upload feature to upload pics automatically to google drive and i would completely make the switch from dropbox. Thanks! (Also bulk upload/ multiple file upload would be great!)(Plus for the mac client the finder window menubar icon is just a folder, not the icon, like it is with dropbox. just sayin', might class up the place.)
Until the feature to instant upload my cameras photos is added im sticking with DropBox.
Really awesome
linux desktop version please
it is pretty good if you don't want to use the spreadsheet, because that is terrible.
Can we have a preview image for photos..?  Don't want to open every single file just to look for a photo
Had high hopes but its still Google Docs with a new UI and until they add more feature i'll still be using Dropbox.
Lack of Features in Comparison to DropBox
it is blocked in China the first day is was launched, but it is great,  I tried this app	but it is great,  I tried this app
Just needs to be polished up
You know that Google drive is good and it will only get better based on one glaring fact...It's Google!
I really really like Google Drive. I do agree with some other writers that it can use some refinement in the form of file management, but I can live with it! Being one of the first to use it, and it is FREE (5gb), it's a perfect utility for me. Awesome as it is now, and I look forward to even greater things in the future!
I don't know how Google do it but they do! The live editing is amazing. The only thing missing is being able to make Power Point presentations and editing Excel spreadsheets in a more advanced way.  Well done Googlers.
Waited for so long... I want to create new folders. And please add auto upload for pictures.
It needs to have an option for sync frequency. It uses a loot of battery now.
Why would I give you all of my files to do what you want with? You even mention in the TOS that they will be used to promote your own products. Nice try, Google.
Works like a charm on nexus s ICS
The app is great, but what it really needs is the possibility to auto-sync images taken on your phone (see: dropbox)
No way to move files and folders Uploading to specific directory impossible.
Great work. But not having option apptosd, so uninstalling.
Its ok.  Just ok.
No folder support yet?
plz add move to sd card option... google will be losing users if it does not have move to sd option... force closes some times...  rectify it...
Very old scroll bar and design, not smooth too!
Its perfectly fine but i need to make presentations and its not giving me the option
Would have given 5 star if it can be moved to SD card
The only thing I could complain is the unability to share my files openly, like what we could do with Dropbox
5gb+3gb, do the math ;-P
Please allow uploading to specific folders/moving. Also, not everything should be called documents...
Dropbox autoupdates your phones camera shots. I wish Drive had this. Oh well
Handy app but it would be great if it could be moved to the SD card
It would be brilliant if I can select some folders to be stored offline on my devices. When that happened,  I would bump it to 5-stars.
Only if it comes with folder syncing then it's perfect!
...?
Shame you have to re download all your offline  Content again before you can view it. It would also be nice if you could have some folders. And maybe a nice Pic syncing facility
FCC Gÿfffffffffffclschen Hhhhh Huff high TV DJ did
So far it's really good. The only thing that I do not like is that you can't add multiple images, music files, etc without having to go back and select upload again.
Good so far, but I need the ability to add new folders and move stuff from folder to folder within this app and not just on the computer
I don't know if most people have a file browser, and one should probably be integrated into this app for uploading specific files. Also, and it may be something else, but since installing this app, I can only pull the notification pane halfway down the screen. I love you Google, and I can't wait to see what's next!
So it's finally here. It's missing several of the features that it's more polished cousins have, but overall not a bad start. I'm sure more and better is on the way. I'll give it a 5 when it uploads multiple pics and allows for folder creation. The syncing is excellent. A thought.. anyone else wish Google would have just bought Dropbox? Gbox? Playbox? Oh the possibilities.
You should fire the person who designed this app's icon.
Ability to: create/rename folders and move files around, pictures auto upload to a specific folder, expand storage plan directly from the app. The website needs proper sharing. The desktop client needs direct sharing via rightclick. Thanks
... is thing, that blocks me to really use it. If I don't have easy access to it from computer, then it's not worth it.
This is great. Some ppl have said that what's missing is auto upload for pics. Well that's what Google+ does privately and securely. What Google really needs to do is combine all the different stuff such as Gmail, drive, music etc and combine into one for a full one stop cloud service.
I can't open word docs now with the normal Google docs :/
Please let us move files around into different collections and create new collections.
I wish it could sync photos and downloads automatically
I wish it could sync photos and downloads automatically
,but I need to be able to select folder when I share a photo to Google Drive. Hope it coming soon.
faz o que promete.
I want the PIN protection, automatic upload, better integration with other apps. 5 GB is a nice starter. Maybe they will lower the price.
Need to be able to natively download zip files to phone and I will give 5 stars
Only complaint so far is the lack of 'move to SD card' option.
That's what I was waiting for longtime ago. The app is amazing. It's merged with Google doc and all apps that's already installed in the desktop's Google Chrome. The sync is instantly. The 5Gig free storage is fair.  Awesome.
Le dare 5 estrellas cuando la app empiece a dar los link para compartir publicamente y se pueda instalar la app en la SD. Lo demas es perfecto.
I love this app
I've tested it on my desktop, phone and tablet.  All work great!
Needs the ability to upload to a folder.
good app
good app
Awesome
Way to go Google
I found that this is a Good and useful app
Works great
Has very high usability. Very light on resources
But why is the Linux desktop version taking sooo long?
Just wondeful
Laajawab.....
This is a great app for accessing your Google drive space. I am easily able to view and edit my current documents as well as upload new ones from my phone. Quite a large amount of storage too at 5gb with the choice to upgrade.
I love it lets you download apps they android don't get but Only iPhones do
Great way to have content at your fingertips, keep brochures, quotes, pics handy anywhere you go. I keep product manuals and cheat sheets handy for my customers.  I just set my mother in law up with pics from her bodyshop...AAAAAA+++++
It's almost limitless besides my cloud space I have. Not gonna say too much before it's updated to fix the possible fantastic bug this app has with me lol.  CWMr & Titanium here I come. :)
HTC evo 4g
No way to edit or create docs without WiFi/data connection. Feel like that should be a standard for business purpose. Nexus 7
A little confusing for baby boomers.
Use it all the time for school
Works very well.  Overall this app is great.  Still some work to do on supporting native office files.  Not a really good android app available yet.
Excellent
good
..... Really good one.....
...so I am satisfied. But it is not competitor for DropBox etc. yet.
My only complaint with google drive is that you can't save your files to your android device when viewing documents via the app. You can only open files for viewing. Falls short when compared to apps like drop box. Hopefully they will add this feature in.
Love it
& so easy peasy!
I'm a heavy document user...use it for all my university-related work. People that don't like this app maybe don't have enough expierience to figure out what it's for.
It just works excellent!
its a nice soft
I use this to share albums quickly with others after a day of taking photos. Just be sure you're on wifi.
great app. really convenient. I love it
Love it.  Also have a galaxy nexus. Works great on both.
Cool app to download what you have stored
Amazing and easy to use app designed by the amazing google !
I love the convenience of having all my docs, spreadsheets and other work all in one place.
Cool
Thanks gewgal
Thanks gewgal
Samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0  Works great, no glitches
Great to access ebooks wherever I am
Great to access ebooks wherever I am
great app
A necessity at my work. Simple as that. We use it to store all of our documents for our field techs and it is easy to access.
Great apps..i say,everybody must have this..This apps can store your all IMP info at one place. I think, Google needs to develop this such a way that, every body has its own search engine..no need Evernote to me anymore.Thanks.
I enjoy all of my files being in one place. Seems Google has the application down pretty well.
thanks, so useful.
Now i can store files and format phone whenever
Awesome!
I've moved everything over to Google drive and Picasa.
Greatest thing ever so useful!
Why can't I create folders?
Very usefull to keep important documents available everywhere
nice
Good stuff.
This is a critical feature for me. Uninstalled.
Great app
Its.really.amazing
Try it...
Y esos 5gb no están de mas
Works prefect!
Djxucbk  X
Could do with a batch upload option from my galaxy or auto upload on connection to witeless network. Bit of a pain to keep sending the files but works well to get the pics fron my phone to pc..
Excellent app. Would be even better if you could add a security pin similar to the pin requirement of Google Wallet.
Give it a try, who knows it may just work for you too.
Google wins gold everytime
Super useful I just upload whatever I want.
We want more.
I use on three very different Android devices and access it on two Windows OS based computers with never an issue since it all started.  Thank you Google []^_^]
painfully slow, a bit complicated at times when u have two accounts uploaded lots of photos, it only shows thei name, no lil icons to which pic is which and di i say its sloooow!!,dropbox works faster
Spreadsheet support is essentially read only, I can't even use the default browser to edit because its just as crippled. Lack of table support in writer app is very disappointing. Google seems to forget about their half-finished projects often, but I guess we get what we pay for. I'd rather pay and get something complete.
I use it mainly for word documents and it does what I need it to do.  Can write and save word documents.  Saving is automatic.  No force closes for me.  I like that I'm able to edit documents on my tablet and access them on my phone.
Just perfect.
I love all-in-one aps! Google does it best!
So user friendly and handy. Recommended +++++
v.good
First off, I love the Android app BUT, it would be a perfect five if we could create folders and be able to transfer files between those folders and sub folders. I like my documents organized specifically. It's inconvenient to only be able to create folders and transfer my files between them strictly through my desktop.
First off, I love the Android app BUT, it would be a perfect five if we could create folders and be able to transfer files between those folders and sub folders. I like my documents organized specifically. It's inconvenient to only be able to create folders and transfer my files between them strictly through my desktop.
Use it all the time!
I'm recomended this app cause can you private files and you can open wherever you are and don't nedeed to go to office yo obtain its amazing
Works great for me always using it
For all googleans.
I guess you will know everything about me anyway so go ahead and make things better.
Good app
Simple and powerful
Clouds rule!
Fantastic
Awesome app. Very easy to use and much reliable.
Use it everyday. Love it
Very cool, Google continues to amaze me! Don't believe the bad reviews! (If their is any?) ;)
So far no problems on the Galaxy Tab
Nice software I love it...... n love the way one can access his stuff anywhere.....:-P
I like
Keeps everything up to date for me and keeps everything running smooth thank you chrome
Backups
This app is the bomb
Browsing shared photos is a real pain and the app misses a lot of download all links about everywhere...
Works perfectly.  HTC one
Well Usefull
Love the idea of the whole cloud saving idea..n the upgrades are cheap...love Google prices!!
Love great cloud source
Too good
So happy with this app
The best notepad ever conceived from a line if code!
Google provides a free, simple and clean, easy to use and access service.  I have a glitch on my tablet where instead of showing me my document when I click on it, it says to sign in but will not let me and will just continuously show the loading symbol.  However I can click edit and then get into the document that way.  For a free service from a great company I am giving this five stars.  Very reliable.
Guy hamel rules the world.. . .he's gorgeous and his penis fits really nicely into my puckering anal hole. And his nipples are so firm when I watch him insert them into the mouths of all the special needs babies to try and feed them like their moms do on the unit in the hospital.....
Please add the ability to backup game folders and files without having to zip them up, if the only way is to zip them make it that this app does all the work.
I like drive
Verry good app for documents! For me missing the bidi direction change button :(
Awesome!  Use everyday.
Another essential google app that is so vital to my mobile thanks google keep bringing us these great apps it's much appreciated.
Gr8
good experiance
The best for me
Not working with me What about xperia users?
Transformer Prime and it runs like molasses when simply trying to display a small spreadsheet (50-ish rows, 4 columns).  Unfortunately it only gets worse from there.  Editing is horribly clunky and in my experience it was prone to crashing.  Stick to desktop/laptops if you have to use drive/docs.  If you know that you're going to be editing or heck, even spending a lot of time viewing a spreadsheet then stick with MS office formatted docs and use one of the office apps from a third party (polaris, kingsoft, etc).   Your sanity will thank you.  Seriously Google?  What the frack...
Great app!
A large download but overall fast a easy to use
K
Just be even cooler with more features
Awesome
The app will only use the email account associated with Google play. 3 stars for working, -2 for not letting me switch accounts.
Keep ur most used files in one place to access them from all ur devices. Great idea.
Exlent app
Its a very good
It's free and very useful what more do you want.
No problems as far as I can tell.
Its just amazing!
Plz increase the storage space or we can use gmail as an alternative !!!!  But a very handy app even on my low end deviceee !!!  :-D
Should able to: 1. upload files by batch  2. upload files into specific folder 3. upload folder 4. create folder 5. move files between folders Thanks.
Great app but needs color coded folders like online and many other features from the desktop version
I have to say this app is good and it works for me never had a problems with this application.
...
Love being able to create docs, but as others have said some things are just missing, and though I haven't experienced any force closing, I dont want to in the future.
Just works. Plain and simple, no issues what so ever.
Superb app
Superb app
Nfv
Not good. It should be.....
Not bad app, a nice 5gb not bad
Good app.
Perfect app for people on the go. You can edit docs of course, just as you can do online.
Veey helpfu
This app should be the 8th wonder of the world (or the 1st wonder of the web xD) in my opinion! :-D
Best...
Exellent
Can't create folders which should be a basic function. How about automatically backing up certain that folders like icloud?
I really like writing stories & poems, but didn't want the extra work of a blog to share  work.  This new phone is great for writing on the go, 5 minutes here & there.  Best part, no extra account needed!
Good for low end phones
Finally connected to everything and everyone. I have reached data nirvana.  The end.
Very Useful! I love Internet Cloud Storage!
Can't edit formulas in spreadsheet. Pretty major gap i reckon.
Wonderful
Wonderful
I don't use many applications.
No bad for a file sharing app
...is nice!
I use it everyday for my work
Works great.
I have this on my Phone and on two computers, I love it, can work on documents no matter where I am at, remember, you must have a program like Quickoffice or Kingsoft office to work on your documents in the Word, Excel format.  I am going to recommend this to our Volunteer Fire Dept to use so they can obtain and edit documents in the field or meetings.
What langue is this in?  Downloaded, but the tutorial is gibberish, and then you're left to guesswork.  Also didn't seem to actually work, either that, or it was trying to access a server on the other side of the planet.
It looks great and works great on my Nexus 7. I am really happy with what Google has done here. A fantastic little product that could only be enhanced with the edition of different file types, but I am sure that has to be a shoe in for future updates.
Love this app...google drive rocks.
Most useful app of Google...
It is nice, does not matter where i am.. I can get access to my files.
Quite useful for my needs
It won't open my plain text files, and it won't directly open documents created with Google Docs on Chrome. It does work with PDF files. This makes it unusable, there's a big glitch somewhere and they haven't fixed it yet.  All the other criticisms enumerated here, also make this program far less valuable than DropBox for keeping synchronized data on your devices.  Google will fix it someday, but I wouldn't hold your breath... they'll need a big fire under their butts before they make this as good as DropBox.
Works on gingerbread but does not work on jellybean on nexus 7.  Won't sync or update.
Life saver.
Wish i would have known about this sooner...I would have gotten a tablet instead of a laptop.
google
Great App! Not only keep your files in Drive, but also open and edit documents, spreadsheets or presentation with Docs!
I put ma porn in it
It is about time to get more space. That's why this app rocks 5 gb in addition is just superb....5 stars
I love how I can access my google docs via my phone!
Like this application
Works great and synch is almost instant ro desktop. Only gripe is it doesnt open some tables in gdocs.
I love the new Google Drive but my data usage has quadrupled!
I use mainly for docs and it's just as good as editing on pc.
Awesome
Easy to use and Easy to access...
this is the best document writer i found on the market. But it would be better if you can great forms, slideshows (etc) like on the computer and be able to print and change your letter sizes. But now it keeps Force closing
SDG
Drive works pretty well, but some hard keyboard keys (fn, shift) don't work on Samsung Epic.  Those keys work fine on all other apps.  Anybody else seeing this bug?
This is my main word processor on my tablet (I use a keyboard dock).  It's easy and gets the basic jobs done.  But of course the best part is that it's all synced automatically with the cloud and thus with any other computer that I want to pull documents down on.
But very  close!
I am using Google Drive along with Dropbox on my tablet and phone and I am pleased with both!
it is really functional, whats awesome about Google Drive is that you find everything you add everywhere, from my phone to my tablet to any computer as well as the my laptop that have the Windows app installed on it
Seriously Google, why can't drive automatically sync my photos and videos?
Thought this was 5 stars but after installing continues to make my android phone have "force close" issues
Finally I can have all my files in one place and access them whenever wherever.
Now that they've added format independent storage and access to multiple google accounts, this has become very useful.
Its good
Please provide SD card support
Honestly I really like the ease of use and the quick availability on all my android devices.
I have done every single step that I was required to do, yet it still doesn't work for me. I searched the web for a solution with no luck, nor a respond from the application support.
Flawless on SSGII.
I use this as a android phone usb too to share photos
Manstab bro
Good app pc support is best
I just wish the spreadsheet entry was better
Thaaaankyouuuu
Once I figured out how to share files. I had to open the file I wanted to share and then press my menu button on my phone to get the share options.  Didn't use to have to do this in the old version ;-)
App works great on my new Galaxy S III.  Very fast and super easy to use.  I feel like I'm living on Paradise Island once again.  Enjoy!
Works perfectly!! galaxy nexus w/ 4.1
Perfect app for having my resume and other inportant docs with me where ever I go!!
This app is so great, so useful, it just works and works like a charm.
Good app but i cant access any file without opening the app first so i'd rather use Dropbox .
Good app but i cant access any file without opening the app first so i'd rather use Dropbox .
good
I had to uninstall and reinstall to get a new folder I made on my desktop to show up.
Good app
This is the only way to have what you want or need in one place.  I can access everything I need weather I'm in a meeting or doing my groceries.
Real fantastic
this app is just like the web based version. Excellent app for taking notes to review later offline or share with my friends and family.
I love google product. Since in google io 2012, google docs is now available offline. hope we can have it on android too. please consider gingerbread and not the latest ics or jb only since gingerbread still the largest distribution of android user. Installed on HTC Desire Z
Really useful tool
It is a very very good app. however I want to know how I can log out from the app. and login again when I want, I have instaled it on my Samsung Galaxy note. Please help.
Best application
I love it...
This is very good
Thank you
does everything I need. no worries about the editing as I am sure an update will be soon.
I like this
Is very novel program after you get. Use to it I need some one to help me sink all to gather help me with that please!
The best app for sharing files between devices
Nice one
Works like a charm, I get 30 GB in the cloud, between my 6 email accounts ! Works seamlessly between all accounts on my Galaxy S....must have.
Works like a charm, I get 30 GB in the cloud, between my 6 email accounts ! Works seamlessly between all accounts on my Galaxy S....must have.
Very helpful!
excellent app. but some struck on opening adobe files...
Very good cloud app.
Only thing I would change is the inability to move files from folder to folder to organize.  Love the fact that all my files can be stored here
Excellent
im waiting for google drive for ubuntu.please make it..
Just perfect, it does what it says. No bugs so far...
excellent app every one should download it smart phones
Samsung S2. Excellent app got even better with last update. Has increased speed of app. Most used app for cloud backup.
Syncing files between S3, Tablet, and 2 PCs is SO easy now. This is great!
Sharing is problematic
Koo
Koo
Excellent
'Nuff said.
I can grant of view & edit access from my galaxy tab! It can also download the files without opening them (quicker that way) via 'available offline'. Really best with Google!
Offline option is the best feature.
Must download
prefer Google Doc
This app is geart i store my data in this and dropbox very easy to use too best app
Cant edit
Muy bueno
Great app.
bad
Great on Galaxy Nexus with Jelly Bean
No more accidentally editing text documents while browsing like before! :) Need a search /find option in the word processor.
Very good
Dddddddff
Sometimes it just askes for password even if unregistered and my user name is written onthe top of the screen.  But it wont let me type. The keyboard opens and closes by itself. You can never know when will it happen, then I need to uninstall and install again.  Acer a500
Its soooooo gooooooood
This is a great app. But when I try to download it always stuck on 83%. And show downloading error after some time.
HOW to download pictures from Google drive to gallery???
This app does everything I need. Thanks Google
Im only 12 and this has been helping me through middle school. I used it at school all the time. I can access my doc,charts, etc. Just 1 word AWESOME
Im only 12 and this has been helping me through middle school. I used it at school all the time. I can access my doc,charts, etc. Just 1 word AWESOME
Love the provided service. I dig the app.. makes things sooo convenient to be able to upload files to Googles lightning fast servers. Thanks you Google! Now, please release an installer for windows that isn't a MSI! Exe or portable edition please!
Best thing since sliced bread.
Excellent.
I edited one of my google spreadsheets from my phone on this app. Easy breezy.
Accesses a cloud storage already tied to the Google validation on the devices.  Low resource footprint, a touch more seamless for offline usage than Dropbox.  I'd rate it an essential.
Very nice deserves 5 stars
For a long time i have been searching for a good note pad type app that can let me write down my poems on the go when I didn't have my notepad with me. But something or the other kept going wrong with those apps, and it was always a hassle to get to my writings from the alps to my laptop, but with this its automaticaly sinced. Love ittttttt. Bit still hoping for some good improvements. Some personilationing perhaps?
Most efficient tool to manage my Drive.
Need to send document attachment in email.
This is how I will survive college!
Wish i could move email attachments to drive without downloading to phone first.
A great application
this app will actually be useful if/when we are actually allowed to create documents on our devices while offline and have them sync when we regain internet access. right now it's pretty useless
this app will actually be useful if/when we are actually allowed to create documents on our devices while offline and have them sync when we regain internet access. right now it's pretty useless
dis z great but......
Great app except it wasnt movable.i want ti storei t on sd card
Dropbox的分享功能較好。檔案拖入public folder內再點右鍵及可copy link 再轉貼給要分享或共用的使用者。google還須輸入email. 遜色了。
Please provide user to "insert" an image file...would you please consider this "tiny" feature?! PLEASE?!?
This is reminiscent of Apple and flash. G.. This is a really poor way to try to capture the mobile market. I would think you would want to offer all the features you offer on the desktop and then add more to bring folks over. Not gimp the service so people like me go elsewhere and move their docs to dropbox or the likes. Very disappointed. A fella like me expects that you all would at least offer most of the major features. Missed a deadline because I couldn't download a file from gdocs/drive. Not like that would be a hard feature to implement. If a fella didn't know better he would think you all were trying to force people to the cloud. I hate that word. Sorry for using it. Please correct this G!!!
I love this games
Works good and easy to use.
Giii
As good as Drop box
Is an amazing way to share documents, easy to use, super fast performance, I just love it xD
Exceptionally convienent. Integrates well with other programs.  Pretty decent with zero issues so far...  Running a HTC Sensation & a HTC One S..
Love using Google Drive because everything can be accessed remotely. Newest version to edited dicuments are always there - you don't have to worry about reuoloading. Google never lets me down. Always innovative.
Love this. Super useful. Only drawback is Google dominating too much of the world.
Great app, and great upload/download. Better then dropbox at speeds.  Too bad there is no "auto upload" options.... For pictures for exemple.
Very good
Needs auto camera upload desperately. Needs to search and auto save (maybe as an option) Google doc compatible files. Desktop app is just as good as drop box, I'm sure this will get some needed attention soon, or hopefully just get integrated into a future android release.
Super cool...
Amazing app...I have it on my computer, tablet, and phone so all my docs and pics are always available...awesome. Pure Google rules.
Its a grate app once u get use to it keep up the good work
Can't really download files to the Android file system. Buggy when launching certain file types like apk backups. It's new but they have a long way to go. Can't select which folder to upload to when sharing a file from device.
Like it
Nice drive
Finally!!!
Drop box is better
Esta buena
Great for managing my documents!
Very handy and centralized
This app is da shizznit!
This app is da shizznit!
you can't make folders:/
With all the firewall issues on work computers I can now take docs with me. Like a thumbdrive
Good for business recommend.
It's good but I can't download offline document on my mobile...
good
Lo mejor
Best app on the Play Store!!!
Best app on the Play Store!!!
Até entao nao tenho nada a reclamar. Funciona perfeitamente.
Cool application
This app saved my job
I like it. But the UI can be a lot better.
Awesome app guys loved Google i/o
Just awesome
Good
I use the Pixorial video app that's connected to Drive & it makes it so easy to move big video files. Love the apps.
I love this app. Easy uploads from my phone! You can't beat it!
I miss you.. please come back...
Tis so convienient to open docs easily...weneva required!! Awsm app. Congo google.
Simply awesome
That you can edit
Nice apps
I've used this app to share lists with family members.
Amazing app, I use it for my church group to share church files. I'm LDS  5 stars for me!
Excellent update.. like this app
This is awesome!
Functionality limits this app almost only to view, making impossible to use it to edit from the phone.
This is my favorite app.  I have to take notes on my job. With google drive I can add them on my phone or pc with out having to sync!
Yay!
2 thumbs up
It's funtastic app not a fentastic app all 2 gethor nice app i love this app
Excellent app, helpful for many subjects!
Thank you
Love it. Much better than drop box because its integrated with everything Google which my life and business revolve around.
Love it. Much better than drop box because its integrated with everything Google which my life and business revolve around.
Works pretty well, 5gb is sweet
Nice... but when a file is shared publicly it shouldn't require to login to get it.....
I use the for work and play.
I love it. So useful and slick.
Thanks
a must have cloud service on android
Thanks, now even my data is always with me just as my contacts..a touch away Thanks
Great app
Works as advertised even on old Android phones. A little bit more space would make this service perfect.
VERY BASIC, and does not do what it claims. CAN'T IMPORT, OR EVEN OPEN doc off sd. Why make an app that is less functional than even the mobile site?
Like
I love taking notes down on a document on my phone in class and when I actually get home I further review and add more details when I open the same file with my computer! Sweet!
One if the most useful apps.. sharing is so easiler over cloud..
Never had a problem with this. now with offline it's even better
I do everything in google !
Awesome!
Good with titanium backup.
You still can't download files to SD card
The added ability to download files to my device was much needed.  This brings Drive to the standard of DropBox!  But what would even be better is if we can move files around to different folders inside your Drive.  As of now, there's no ability for that in either this or DB, but such added functionality would be a BIG bonus!  Great job Google once again!
The added ability to download files to my device was much needed.  This brings Drive to the standard of DropBox!  But what would even be better is if we can move files around to different folders inside your Drive.  As of now, there's no ability for that in either this or DB, but such added functionality would be a BIG bonus!  Great job Google once again!
Slow and clunky. Dropbox may not give you as much space, but the user interface is FAR, FAR superior.
Slow and clunky. Dropbox may not give you as much space, but the user interface is FAR, FAR superior.
Great feature, google never disappoints
A must for any Google-centric user.
This is one of the best app. Very useful for carrying all data with cell. Great app.
This is one of the best app. Very useful for carrying all data with cell. Great app.
When trying to upload a video it force closes! Also needs options to turn off email notification!
Works great with no problems! Keep it up
Yay! Super useful!!
Unable to edit docsx
Search feature is awesome!
Mantap pisan
Nice 1
Note up to par with the desktop version: can't create folder, cannot save items file to local file system. Needs improvements
Deserves five stars and got it...Best cloud storage..Fast, easy and efficient..
Go n easy
Incredible
A file explorer must know how to cut/ copy and paste. If you provide concept "Folder", then please let me cut/copy/paste.
Qua tot
Remarkably slow. So much so that I can't even edit some docs. Guess i will be sticking with Docs to Go.
Nice update.........
On of my favourite, Awesome.
Nice !
Can't live without it...
Excellent app!!!
I'm a writer and this application really know what i need. Now i can write and edit my documents everywhere! Using my PC at my house,Office PC and my notebook. Say goodbye to flashdisk!
I'm a writer and this application really know what i need. Now i can write and edit my documents everywhere! Using my PC at my house,Office PC and my notebook. Say goodbye to flashdisk!
Good
Google Drive allows me to take my work far beyond my laptop and other workstations while still maintaining functionality. I replaced Microsoft's Office Suite with this service; absolutely no regrets.
Nice work guys. Thank u
I need to be able to save files on my sdcard
Pretty cool app. No complaints. Galaxy note.
Very cool. Excellent for collaboration.
Well nothing had to complaints..
Everyone needs to get on g-drive.
Thank for good thing
Love Google Doc...Drive. I use two latops and it is a great place to store work documents. It makes it easy to access work while on the road so I don't have to travel with both laptops. had to buy more space though ~
Nice but could be better
This is so awesome! I never have to worry about not having a file I need not being available!
Stopped using word :-) it syncs across all my devices.
Can't believe this is free.
Yup
Love Google Drive!  It is so easy to synchronize documents now.
Nice program
I find it much more stable and compatible then the competing programs.   Great work!!
...this comes in handy for me as a Graphic Designer. Thanks El Goog!
Best app of its kind, and I've tried them all and it's Google!
surprisingly no cloud print support :(
Thank you
@Roman, you can mark a file to be available offline.
Works great!
I like
I like
It's very annoying that I'm not able to download files right to my phone.  I have to use dropbox if I want to move files from my PC to phone.
You can make files available offline so you don't need an Internet connection all the time.
Unlike dropbox I have to browse to offline files to open my passwordsafe file. Dropbox allowed you to open it directly via passwordsafe.
This is such a wonderful app
:)
The option to create, rename, and delete folders from the app would be very useful.
I'm sure it'll be great but as my google drive hasnt transferred yet, i'll have to wait and see. My question is though,about how long will it take to transfer the files? Its been, what, a day now? ---UPDATE--- transferred the next day!!!
The app doesn't open documents with tables.
I'm a writer and this provides a brilliant platform for collaborations and editing anywhere!
Keeps saying package file invalid. :-( does this both on my galaxy note and Samsung tab 10.1.
Keeps saying package file invalid. :-( does this both on my galaxy note and Samsung tab 10.1.
The only cloud you'll need!
I could enter terms at home and read them any where on my phone. Love this app.
Nice one
And great
Recent convert to android from ios/iPhone. Wowowow loving drive integration.
I use Google Drive constantly, one of the best things out there. The app gives you all the important features. A must have!
Recomended 100% way better than the iOs version by a long shot thank you so much!
Just as I always dreamed it could be..
Perfect!
Good with default account, but once switched account can't open doc and xls. Docs keeps asking to pick an account. Pdf and pic work just fine.
Best cloud service around. So easy to use
Goodbye dropbox
Really good app
Love it
Works as needed
Love it Great job Google
The new update made this app much more user friendly as it adds more of the features one would come to expect from an office suite for android. I will mow be using this app more than ever as it now better fits my needs to edit documents on the go.
This works great on my phone and pc.
More formatting options would be nice, like fonts and footnotes.
I like this application.
Awesome!
Awesome!
就是不支持https
Way behind what documents to go and quick office offer. Especially when it comes to spreadsheets.  It is getting better but has a long way to go.
Great service
Keepsme connected to my stuff
Try to put a download option
Try to put a download option
I love this application. I use it to transfer files between my computer and telephone. Its great.
Galaxy S2...
I love the integration and simplicity of G+. I use it for storing all my docs in the cloud. Beautiful...it can only get better!
Very good
Great app ,works great. check out my youtube channel billramseyerjr follow me on twitter @billramseyerjr I'm also on google+ BILL RAMSEYER
Worth five stars for all that it does right
Been using Gmail as a storage cloud for sometime did think much of this until I tried it explore this
Total productivity helper
wow!
Awesome
Perfect for late night writings
I only started using this recently, but I'm definitely a fan.
Love it
Fultu zakassssssssszzzz
Best
Excellent FREE way to easily see your files on the go!  Wonderful!
No problems  with this for me. It's Like never forgetting a thumb drive for class
Wow.........! Try
Simple and helpful
Has saved me incredibly.
I have 3 accounts. 1 private and 2 business accounts and to switch between this accounts is so easy and really handy. One of the best file collaboration tools out there.
The only thing that is stopping me is that picture thumbnails are not the pic, just a default symbol for pictures.
Much better and faster then dropbox + more free storage.
Need a simple way to save files and folders to sdcard. Or at least a way to make entire folders available offline
Awesomely improved since the change to Google drive!
Have no problem with it an  its free.
This is by far the best and easiest tool to use for collaboration or sharing.
Great
Huh good Hahahahaha
Everything we can keep in share drive
Just like dropbox, but it's google who developed the software!
Xxx
Opened everything fast, and looks the same as it does when viewed on Google Docs through a browser!
It works as far as backup is concerned but you cannot download your own files and there's no thumbnail view.  Fail
Thanks Google
Its the best app for document to b viewed on mobile
Great app
I replaced drop box. Great thanks
Tried it with Galaxy Nexus, simply it's superb.
TABLE NOT SUPPORTED every time i need to switch to my browser to view word docs which contain tables
Awesome
:)
Great app!
It is soooo cool
Editing feature is weak..  Overall not great...
This is one of those great apps that come along. Excellent office productivity app looks to replace paid apps like Office to Go (which is quite nice). You also have more than 5GB storage when using multiple accounts. Widget is also well designed.
Is a new app, I hope that it be improved with the time...
Good app fully worthy downloading . I am enjoying with this app nice interface too
UUotydsuml  Ggh figures j  M..     J
I've been waiting for this program to come out for quite some time now this is awesome, 5 stars for the greatest development team of all time
Uninstalled it as soon as I found out I couldn't move it to my SD card. My phone just doesn't have the internal storage to devote to many programs.
It's need for android
Simply pit it just works
Google Drive is better than Dropbox in terms of DL/UL speed. Dropbox doesn't provide high bandwidth in Malaysia.
I use Drive on an HTC EVO 4G LYE, Asus Transformer Prime, and multiple computers. It rocks!
I use Drive on an HTC EVO 4G LYE, Asus Transformer Prime, and multiple computers. It rocks!
good app
Introduce it!!!
Thank u google
Samsung Galaxy Ace Seriously a must have! Document editor is incrdobly straight forward to use with well thought out formatting tools
This is one very useful app.
This is one very useful app.
Works perfectly.
Sweet.
I now have the accessibility I love from Dropbox and the integration I love from Google. This makes me so happy it's kind of ridiculous lol. Thank you, Google! You just made my life a little easier.
If you've used other app's of the same ilk you'll like this.
Use free es file manager and add gdrive to copy and paste easier
The power of the drive...amazing
Wonderful but..... Loading in internal memory only..... Unable to move it to my SD card.... This forced me to reinstall it.... Better if option given to install it on SD card....
Now I can sync all my devices & have all my important files when I need them on all my devices &  even available online.
This app Is amazing, I've no need to worry about homework anymore I just do it in bed the night before and is ready for me on my school computer!
Will only get better. Put your stock in this one !
Better than Dropbox, Megacloud and Asus WebStorage
Stores everything. It works so well that I've been telling all my friends about it to help with their documents and photos storage and easy access problem.
It is a great facility.
Gooder
The best available
It's better than iCloud (only save) and Dropbox (Quota 2GB). This cloud easier to use and i can take my document easier
Just what I was looking for ! Taking notes in class should be easier now
It is oowwwwwsam
Works better than dropbox!
Desperately needs app2sd for us Desire users.  It's currently the largest app in my phone memory, and may end up being uninstalled.  Shame, as it's a good app.
I unfortunately had to uninstall this app because it took up so much room in my internal memory (Samsung Replenish) when Drive came out for smartphones, but now the size has decreased and I can enjoy its features again!
Really, that is the main and only mistake I've found using this software. It seems silly to me that you can send the file you have on your own phone to someone else, but you can't use it on your phone, because the Drive has the "send" option, but not "download". "Make offline" just doesn't cut it.
Cool
Very convenient and i can sync with any computer. Awesome.
I was happy to have a word/spreadsheet/powerpoint suite embedded in Google Drive, but later was surprised by that I cannot edit (only view) those document even they are marked as "offline".  such lack of offline editing downgrade G-drive to Dropbox-like feature.  I guess that we are still forced to save native MS document and buy some editing apps for offline editing....
Dropbox =Learn from it. Backup to specific folders. Smoother file mgmt. Export to SD. Way better UI.  C'mon Google you can do much better.
So gud
Google drive is the epitome of amazing. It is intuitive and simply.
Editing a document on my mobile was a torture. I don't know about tablets but on my samsung galaxy ace editinh is extremely unresponsive plus I cannot make my docs available offline.
Great app. the user interface is simple but over simple that it lacks functions for folders, syncing all photos. making dropbox the better choice. if no UI improvements i dont see why ppl will choose this over dropbox. i hope this helps.
Google does it again..... Another great additional to the Google family. The accessibility of the files are great and the ability to edit docs are breath taking.... Good work.
best app by google solved many of my issues, very useful
best app by google solved many of my issues, very useful
Google is the best!!!!
Very useful great job works perfectly thanks
App2sd required
App2sd required
Very good
It's a great app. From google. I like it, it's pretty awesome, everyone should try it.
i love this app and it is very useful
App is the best
This is absolutly useless on mobile.... u can not share "links" of folders nor files!!! Waste of time .. after uploading 2 GB of files!!!
Simply the Best cloud drive
Umh
I updated my KeePass database file while it's offline, there is no way to sync it back to Google Drive with the updated contents.
This app is a life saver.
With my galaxy nexus and my chromebook, I never lose contact with my files and always have a way to get stuff done. Amazing app and an amazing idea.
A great application/product. I use google docs and drive on a daily basis across several devices and would struggle to get by without it! Download it!
This is a cool way of cloud computin...
This is a cool way of cloud computin...
Bravo
Another useful app from Google. This app is quite big in size, how about adding App2SD?
Love that
And skydrive is soo much bttr. 25gb. But now only 7 gb for new skydrive users :(
Thank you so much. Its so much work to save my files and send them each time from different computers. Now i can just work from Google. Thanks.
Brilliant
It is a great app, and thanks to google for giving us 5gb of free storage. All this app needs is to work like the web based counterpart. Needs the ability to create folders and move items around. Also when i uploaded a image it automatically went to the root directory. Not the folder i wanted it to be in. But otherwise, i think its great.
Awesome !!!
Awesome !!!
Super .... y Lo mejor q no se necesita espacio en el cel para los archivos
Goood!!!!!
On & only google make every thing better
I hope Google will increase the size in future. Sky Drive is a strong, healthy competitor.
and great service
Great job again......
Nice one
Amazing App and technology. Now i dobt have to worry about taking a pendrive everywhere. Free 5GB storage is the best part. Simply love it. Great work.
Just Awesome
My original review of this software us being revised. Drive is a much improved tool for accessing all of my Google files.
Fast and easy to use best for students who do alot of work on the run
Work great ! i love this app
Google yet again showing how geniuses are made...  Amazing app... Totally worth it... Solves so many problems... I love you Google...
An excellent app that surpasses Drop box by a long shot.
An excellent app that surpasses Drop box by a long shot.
Cool app on my sgs
Cool app on my sgs
Best ever top 10 apps must have on Androot Malaysian Magazine
Best ever top 10 apps must have on Androot Malaysian Magazine
outstanding
It's ridiculous that people expect a company to fulfill every expectation that their mind can dream up. This app does everything that it is supposed to do right out of the gate, it stores your files, allows them to be viewed and downloaded. It allows you to create documents and share them with the people that need to be shared with. The future integration is just an improvement on an already stable application. Lower your standards people, this is a solid app.
Its a great app, google docs is an excellent replacement for microsoft office, wish the app had a way to add pictures to google docs though
Works great on my Android Charge smartphone and Kindle Fire tablet.
I rather have Google drive than dropbox
I rather have Google drive than dropbox
FANTASTIC,EXCELLENT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Had inkpad but it sucks compared to this. Plus this syncs with my Google docs
Love it works great
Good for me
excellent,was waiting for  something like this from google.
Good
Thank you Google!!
So much better. And it's faster, too! Just wish that I wouldn't have to hold down the symbol key for symbol input.
Keep getting runtime exception.   Nexus galaxy gsm
Goog app.....
Smooth,  easy to use and robust application from Google.  Gives my tablet a completely new lease on life.
Great service for authors.
Best but dropbox is better bcoz of its design...
Right up there with dropbox.
The improvement from Docs to Drive is amazing. I love how offline docs work.
This app's  counterpart, Google Docs, had already made it really easy to work on my documents when I wasn't on my own computer. Thanks to this, I can work literally anywhere! Even if you don't collab with anyone, it's still a pretty useful app. My only problem is that some of my uploaded art don't load, but that's alright. I don't expect my Android to render raw Photoshop files just yet ;) 5/5
Played for two hours the first time I opened it. Highly addictive and entertaining, its  well worth a dollar!
d f*** app ever ......
Works good, seems quick, using it on Motorola triumph.
Works good, seems quick, using it on Motorola triumph.
This is seriously awesome.
It's wonderful having rich document editing tools on my phone! Very happy with this app.
Very nice app.
Very nice app.
Does what it says on the tin.
I thought Google Docs was okay, but I'm loving Google Drive. Especially the Android app. I particularly like the ability to create a doc from a photo. My girlfriend and I use it to sync our grocery list. And I was able to get rid of SugarSync and Evernote, combining all that stuff into Drive.
Awii Wii
That is the best tool from Google. You can share files with everybody (if you want  of course). That saves time and resources. Like magic!   Eeeh Google, if, just if you guys could do everithing like this one:-)
Great Google great
Yet another amazing stuffing from google.
I love this app! Works exactly as stated and flawlessly as well. Thanks!-ypg70samsung mp3
I can edit and review all my Google docs - no problems so far
Does exactly as described
Does exactly as described
Sometimes when flipping through uploaded .pdf files it goes white/blank and needs reloaded ... fix please?
Very good project...
Wonderful app!!! Seriously!!! I've even put it on my fiance's phone so that we can share the "shopping list" doc... he's not so tech savvy but even he loves it :-)  Great job Google! I'm very happy! ~ Medion Lifetab
** ** *
Better then dropbox and faster than google docs was!
Hooray. !!!
Nice app
One of the apps I use the most!
No problem with this app! Amazing
good
Google added yet another great feature to their name.
Great app, have so many devices and they're all in sync
No more loss of documents and files!! 5GB FREE SPACE!!!
Very nice app. But needs to be able to move files between folders...
Good app.
Great app.
I got the EVO LTE AMD there's no menu button to refresh so I can save my inputs
I can't be without this app. Perfect.
I can't be without this app. Perfect.
works to perfection
My digital life is now almost completely Google based..
Life's good now !
keep the updates coming!
I can finally organized all my files the way I want them. It is a big + for me.
Hopefully more integration than dropbox
Love it
Love it
Perfect for sharing files with other gmail users
Brilliant  application put all my files on it, then bought more storage, LOVE IT!
It will be nice to have a music playlist streaming.
It will be nice to have a music playlist streaming.
This makes it easy to share files from pc to phone etc... and with other people.
Its a great app but i cant edit my files offline. any suggestions?
Keepin my important documents with me always, and don't need to sign up with some brand new site.
google drive is magically syncing contents in my PC with mobile phone  :-)
Iran ........
Iran ........
Please add password protection like dropbox.
Awesome! Ten gig free
If it has a simplier interface like Dropbox it was awesome.
I love this on and off if my phone. I never worry about losing a file to power outages or even a corrupted harddrive.
Always love gdocs on my pc, way more amazing on tab
Must have
Table couldn't edit in my ASUS Prime tablet.
Great download Google rocks!!!!
Needs ability to choose which documents to cache for offline viewing.
It does what it advertises. Well.
I just love this app. Simple and very useful..
This zooms on my Nexus One. I have been waiting for this for some time now and I think you have hit this one out of the park. Well done guys.
e
This app is great for sharing anything with your friends. My friend shared gigs of photos with me so I don't have to spend the time copying each one.
Amazeballs :-)
I live for the g
gj
As a student I have a lot of documents to finish Google drive leads me to all my documents and I could easily edit it from the cloud. Plus I like how I could see all my pictures from my phone in drive. Great app
Besides a few minor start up glitches when they launched, Google Drive has been great.  I love the way it integrates with the whole Google family of services.
Absolutely A1
Thank you Google!  My files are safe and accessible.  Why pay for the cloud?
To the retards below me and future down loaders of this app... you can makes files available offline. Great app and quick!! Droid RAZR.
AWESOME...
Lost data no... get it Google drive
Nice is this
It speaks for itself.
It does what it says it will. I am not sure I like Google Docs in it. Maybe as a seperate program would be better.
With dropbox i can choose to what folder my upload goes to. Gdrive missed this kind of capability.
I used Google docs before but now its Google drive.. and it is best
This is going to change computing as we know it
Does is it says it does.
A must have
Works well, but could really use comment functionality
I love being able to upload photos to my drive on my PC and then effortlessly access them on my Galaxy S II. I just wish you could upload photos directly to a custom folder from your phone instead of having to organize folders later on a PC.
I love being able to upload photos to my drive on my PC and then effortlessly access them on my Galaxy S II. I just wish you could upload photos directly to a custom folder from your phone instead of having to organize folders later on a PC.
I love being able to upload photos to my drive on my PC and then effortlessly access them on my Galaxy S II. I just wish you could upload photos directly to a custom folder from your phone instead of having to organize folders later on a PC.
I love being able to upload photos to my drive on my PC and then effortlessly access them on my Galaxy S II. I just wish you could upload photos directly to a custom folder from your phone instead of having to organize folders later on a PC.
Excellent little app. Just what I need to access ny files on the go...
Dropbox is better at the moment - it actually works. This one seems to have selective memory with folders I created. They are visible on the desktop but oddly gone from the mobile version. Stick with Dropbox until these guys work out the kinks... unless you are okay with losing your files as part of a beta test.
this is amazing like cloud computing
Can't wait for new tweaks and functionality
Works great.
Works well in my sgs
homework on the go!
homework on the go!
5 giga free. using it for titaniumbackup.
Amazing to share or store
This has allowed me to take my files and access them from anywhere, not just my computer at home or my mac book, but my phone as well.
I just wish I could pin folders for offline viewing.
Three Stars for some awesomeness! But please please please have it pin protected like the dropbox app is!!!!!
Three Stars for some awesomeness! But please please please have it pin protected like the dropbox app is!!!!!
This is worth to have on ur phone
Very easy to use..... i like so much
I love it.  Been waiting for am app like this for years.  What I really want it for is google docs.  Can't best the price fire what it does.  Thank you Google.
i love this app its quick and everytime i search for something it always gives me what i search for! :)
This has saved my butt a million times. Thanks google!
So glad Google finally created their own cloud storage!  Now all we need is the ability to change sharing settings. :-)
So glad Google finally created their own cloud storage!  Now all we need is the ability to change sharing settings. :-)
Awesome.just love it.thanks google.very fast app
Great job Google !
Google docs has always been a use full tool of mine, but there were limitations on it when it came to my tablet and the compatibility. Google drive, however, makes it easy to have a constant stream of productivity and effectiveness no matter where I am and what I'm doing.
first its a google app enough said, it your doc app with cloud storage great app love it, its the best, it does what it suppose to do!!!!
i like that!!!
pros 1) integrated with OS. just need to drag drop files 2) can be accessed via web. 3) Allows sharing  cons 1) Indexing goofs up sometime. had to restart my system 2) only 5 gb. (I am being too greedy!)   5 stars!
إن الحصول على تطبيق DRIVE على جهاز Galaxy Tab 7 وتبادل الملفات بين أجهزتي بسهولة مطلقة وفعالية عالية يجبرني أن أنصح الجميع بالحصول عليه.، حيث إنهم في جوجل تميزوا عن باقي الشركات بالسماح لنا بتحميل أي ملف مهما كان نوع الملف وحجمة مع القدرة على زيادة السعة بمبلغ رمزي.
I replaced dropbox.
Was good before but with the new updates now I can add more into each document! And share videos from my computer to my phone!
Awesome
It's about time
Good
How i wish i Could back up my whole phone contents in here
When iCloud released I was worried our beloved Android was falling behind. Not the case. Google took the time to make their product great.
All my photos and docs in one place...
All my photos and docs in one place...
Google made a great app. This works really well
i like it
Finally...
Very intuitive and functional.  Better than dropbox. Would like an option to copy or move a folder to local storage.
Online drive
Very nice, but im getting confused with my stuff, would be cool if o could prioritize or make folders on the drive
Awesome app... Soooooooooooooo simple
works great and is super helpful.
This needs the ability to automatically sync and download files to an offline folder.
just simply awesome:) much better than box
Definitely a must have app for any smartphone. You'll be missing a lot without it.
H
Would be super helpful if I could get a drive doc with one tap on my home screen. Also every time I hit the Starred kink from the widget it force closes. Every time. DROID X
Get rid of them and make this more like what you get when you access from your PC. I am really disappointed with some of Google's recent privacy infringements.
Those saying this is a Google Docs reskin hasn't taken the time to use and learn the power of this service/app. Its true it lacks some good features yet, but overall its better than dropbox. If you use a filebrowser like ES Explorer you can do anything you imagine! Thx google, great app and great service.
Love this concept and the app is great.  Easy to use and love having access to my docs anywhere.  Thanks again Google!!!
Great concept, but flawed. Constantly have to reinstall to access files otherwise it only says I have a confection problem.
Super
a quick way to access all my files!
this is really amazing cloud system
The cloud service has drain my battery in un baleno
...
Support Linux!
ES File Explorer supports google drive now. so we have another choice
I love Drive. I use it mostly for school, It is a wonderful resource.  I wish they would update the widget, it doesn't really go with the rest of the Google widgets. Also could you allow the app to buffer and sync a few documents between the phone and drive. I would have a document open, then just turning of the screen and turning it back on when i didnt have any signal i could no longer even read the document. I would be fine if editing was disabled in that circumstance
Gercekten kullanisli ama daha guncelleme ister ;-)
Granted, the app has its limitations, but it works well of syncing purposes, which is all I really wanted it for. More features would be appreciated, but for a free app/service, it's a good value.
I can have access to my documents at anytime...
Google really smacked the other cloud services in the face with this one. I anticipated the release of Drive about a month before it came out and was worth the wait. 5gb free and account switching (Can you say 25gb free?) alone makes Dropbox useless to me now. The only problem I can see here is limited orginization of files, but you can always tidy everything up on your home PC thru the browser or program. If you're trying cloud storage for the first time I HIGHLY recommend Google Drive over any other.
Have done so much on the go with this and it use on pc great to use as normal document writer and cloud thank you Google has gone to a lot of people as share as well!!!
As I have to do my apprenticeship and juggle fanfiction, I cant be near my computer. I upload to drive and its saved. Thankyou!  HTC Explorer
Google one word! creative
Great app, runs smoothly, very important app in my app roster.
Fantastic in so many ways!!  Only downfall is cannot organize files on phone, but I'm sure that will be updated soon. :)
Perfect for everyone
Why it can't upload to a specific folder? It always goes to the root folder only?
I love the Make offline feature!
awesome
You rock
Great, clean interface, very functional, and overall awesome.
Great, clean interface, very functional, and overall awesome.
It's just a container for the mobile docs site! Google needs to make at very least a native rich-text editor.
I got this app on my computer MOTOROLA ATRIX 2 and Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9. I can do so much work on any of these and pick up later. 5 frew GB is a lot and it is the perfect amount for me.
Awesome app
This is my favorite application for android! I like to use it when I need some doc or file.  I hope Google to build it  up complete!
I like it
Love it. I applaud Google for competing with Microsoft as a major monopolistic company. Bravo Google, for pushing out the little guys like drop box by offering 5 gigs instead of 2. Bravo. :)
Uploaded pictures from phone to Google drive and could view them from my user directory  within 30 seconds.
Easy and cheap! Love it.
I'm a heavy Docs/Drive user, so this is a no brainer app.  However, it also may be one of the fastest and slickest apps I've ever used. Works so fast and looks great.  I only wish I could move files from folder to folder and do other basic organizing on the go. Otherwise - Perfect.
Love it! I have stopped using Dropbox and now use Drive and Ubuntu One for my cloud needs :)
I save asp my excel sheets, my word docs, or my  Powerpoints where I know they are all sage and secure! Thank you google:)
Good,Feels like the whole Google Documents on my hands ;))
I was in need of this app... I just love it
This app is one of the main reasons why I bought this phone. It works great!
This app is simply awesum :-)
Useful! Access your files wherever you are.
Google
Drive is docs/dropbox/network sharing. I have been waiting for exactly this for years. Bravo g.
This app is excellent, I was surprised at how useful it is and I very much like the word processing option.
Goo
I've loved Google drive so far with no complaints!
What I expected!
. Because T
Ab fab but not what i want
Amazing, I can write reports on my phone, then on my tablet, and my computer. One flaw on the mobile version is that there is no TAB...
This make getting doc from my PC to my phone EASY.
Great application... a pin or passcode lock option is strongly recommended. A storage usage and a file/folder size and files thumbnail field would be great too
It has all of the functionality of dropbox as well has the tons of great features of Google Apps (docs, spreadsheets, presentations, etc.)  This cloud storage is the way of the future, and Googe has always been the one to spearhead the way into the cloud.  Go Google!
Love the app and sync to desktop/other devices. Major flaw with this is the 'Make Offline' function is useless. You urgently need to add the ability to 'Make Offline' or download to a Drive folder etc so that any Photos etc can be used on the device in stead of hidden away in a root folder. No better than other apps until then! Simple change would make this #1. oh and the make folders available offline too.
This is just much better than anything else out there except that it desperately needs feature to enable folder creation.  Please implement this now Google. Love Google.
Innovative
Its really easy doing an eassay that you have due the next day. And have no computer next to you.
Its really easy doing an eassay that you have due the next day. And have no computer next to you.
I use Google Docs for taking notes and working on collaborative classroom projects in school on my laptop, and I can control and view all my lecture notes whenever I want to now! I'm completely in love with Google Drive now!
It's about time Google..
Brilliant app !!
Brilliant app !!
I came across this app by accident, and i must say it far better than drop box for a number of reasons. No. 1. on the list is you get 5gb for setting up the account which is double the amount you get on dropbox.  Also the client for the pc uses less resources than other applications designed for the same purpose
Fantastic release of an awesome product. I'm looking forward to integration with more third party apps and services in the future. Once that happens, I'll definitely be paying for more space.
Fantastic release of an awesome product. I'm looking forward to integration with more third party apps and services in the future. Once that happens, I'll definitely be paying for more space.
Great app! Very handy to have on your phone and PC. Highly recommend!
Definitely a great application, looking forward to more updates, would like to be able to select multiple files for upload!
Just what I need as a student.
Works a you need it.
Just need some more functions :)
Love you Google
I love this app
Is good
Extra space with dropbox
Way to go Google
Not perfect but does the job. I just cannot find how to create new folder directly from Android phone?
I used use Another service for my ”cloud” hard drive, this is much better
I love it.
Awesome app.
Want atto syc for my pic
Awesome
Works great! And very fast to up load.
Another quality product from Google! All it needs is the ability to batch select files and make them available offline in one go as opposed to one at a time. Other than that fantastic stuff!
Another quality product from Google! All it needs is the ability to batch select files and make them available offline in one go as opposed to one at a time. Other than that fantastic stuff!
Meh
This is software as it should be.
Once again something that works without all the fuss of the competition. Cost effective, functional and swift. Well done Google.
Excellent work! I use it for everything!
Same as desktop and still easy to usw!!
I'm only ten and I use this app
Google drive is very convenient for me who need to carry documents anywhere include editing via smartphone. You can share and back up your file instantly as long as you have internet connection. Good job!
Hated the changed the name but good app. Serves the purpose.
Hule
We use this for work and I use it for personal use...only down side is you can't have multiple drives, no problem we just log in to the web based drive, but still would be nice to have access to both on the desktop!
I like it better than dropbox so I deleted my dropbox account.
No Support Thumbnails?
GETS MY HOMEWORK DOWN IN THE CAR :)
It's a very useful. now I am tense free about my pictures videos and other data. I have lost  many useful pictures. But it will be not happen again. Because now goggle drive is with Me.  Thanks to created it.
Needs some bug fixing.
Mega Play Time Starts Right Now, nice one guys, took you awhile to get this sorted out, but well worth the wait.
this is an amazing app deffo helps me out using it to store work for school but the picture to document software isnt quiet what i expected of google i hope they can improve this in an update but i am thoroughly impressed that google found another part of my life to add to :)
This is awesome
Just great!
Incredible cloud storage. Now I can edit my documents wherever I want.
Incredible cloud storage. Now I can edit my documents wherever I want.
Now that the editor works, I am basically happy. But it needs folder and batch functions to be more user friendly and capable - for my fourth and fifth stars.
Way better than any other skydrive or dropbox
good ideas, works perfect :)
Best
Thanks
Google, you are my hero! My life has been made simplier.
Uuuuuuu good
it is good
Really good app! It's free for now.
Expected app from google. Good app
Still love dropbox, but I am getting 100gb for the same price as 20gb with dropbox. 1 suggestion, please allow multiple downloads like dropbox. It's kind of a pain downloading one file art a time from your phone when you have many. Otherwise, great job Google!
As usual Google rocked again. It would be great with app2sd support
As usual Google rocked again. It would be great with app2sd support
Great app but needs the ability to auto sync folders.
Great app! I love the Google integration, and it's got a slick UI. 5 stars!
Awesome @!!!!!!Suck. It cloud!
5 star. Love it. :D
I feel totally virtual now. Thanks #google!
So much better than microsoft word
Read the reviews, Google drive for Android is pathetic
It's a great option to upload & store my data directly my cell.
Need to have a bulk uploading option and file selector built in.  Also getting many upload errors recently.  Great start, can't wait to see what it will end up evolving to.
Need to have a bulk uploading option and file selector built in.  Also getting many upload errors recently.  Great start, can't wait to see what it will end up evolving to.
It cannot be moved to sdcard. Anyway I give 5
5 GB for free great!!!!!!!
Great cloud app!
So nice and work great
Great
App works great. Some and fast
Google Drive is a very efficient tool to use for everybody, especially students. Now I don't have to carry around like 3 flash drives. All I have to do is sun which ever folder from my MacBook Pro to Google Drive and I can access the folders/files anywhere including my Droid Razr. Thank you very much Google!! =]
I really like to UI for Google Drive. Ever since I got the service I have deleted my evernote application, and my drop box, and I have not looked back at all. Also the great thing about Google Drive is that the word processing has gotten much better. It has gotten so good that I have it installed on my Mac, and I sync all my documents and school work seamlessly between my tablet, phone and Mac. The only gripe that I have is that on the tablet I wish I could directly save attached files into Google Drive. Still great Application and service.
Let me start by saying I'm a huge google fan.  I love most everything they do.  That being said the app I can never get to update on Motorola photon unless I uninstall it and reinstall.  It keeps the same folders, when I add a new one on my comp it shows online but not on the app.  I have sync turned on and everything ... also no auto upload
Ever since they added text formatting options and google drive, this app no longer sucks like it did before.
That is all.
Thank you, Google!
Making edits to Google spreadsheets is useless. Go try it and you will see what I mean. I am better off going through my browser in desktop/full mode where all the editing features are available. Other than that, I think Drive is great in how it is integrated.
Making edits to Google spreadsheets is useless. Go try it and you will see what I mean. I am better off going through my browser in desktop/full mode where all the editing features are available. Other than that, I think Drive is great in how it is integrated.
It helps me in work too much and the control is very simple.
Why do I have to select the entire row to edit one cell. Pity, I use google docs quite a bit
This was a really good app
I love this app. 5gb free? Whaat! I wish it would let me create folders from my phone though. I have to use a PC to do that.   But it does what it's suppossed to do, and very well. I created folders for my school essays, and other documentation I may need to print at any given time.  I even downloaded the software for my PC which makes it even easier to drop all of my files in there. It works like a charm, but I want to be able to create folders from my phone.  Thanks Google!
Awesome
Plenty of bugs, does not support an external keyboard. This feels like an alpha version.
Is amazing
Again a cool service by google ..... Hoping for its iPhone app soon
Just need faster internet.
Better than drop box or box!!  Thank you Google!!
Nice, although I wish it had more space.
it works great for a team of developers. we just share the apps in a folder and we can test them on devices. Thanks Drive!
Same as others,  dropbox etc.
Great app! Worthy of 5 stars.
Google is the best. I only use Google Drive for the docs. Checking docs I have typed and sharing them. Just one thing needed, when sharing, to be able to chat with the person while editing and sharing like in browser.
Great app...love it..
Google has done it again! Nothing to say bad about it. Not much space but hey its a good start for free users!
Great
Works perfectly across all my devices, you can really notice how Google has improved over the years by concentrating on usability and seamless integration across their products, really enjoy using Google and will do for many more years to come, thank you.
Definitely an ideal competitor for iCloud
From my laptop... to my cellphone... to my tablet... to my media center TV... Anywhere I have access to the internet, I have access to all of my documents, spreadsheets, presentations, and any other file I might need.  Not only cannot I view them, but I can edit and work with them... Even collaborating with others in real time!  This is the best this thing since sliced bread!
Made online storage much easy
This service is absolutely magnificent.
Useless until they provide batch or whole folder uploads
I have plenty of clouds the one I like is skydrive 25 gbs free.. not an ad just saying but I like Google drive I like them all
I have plenty of clouds the one I like is skydrive 25 gbs free.. not an ad just saying but I like Google drive I like them all
Its the best. They make Play Music for music & Picasso for pictures now they  make Drive for documents! (And automobiles for driving on the road).
Live document editing and sharing is amazing
I love this app! I have it connected to my work email and am able to quickly upload work files to drive from my CamScanner app. Great!
The best app
excellent
does what I want it to with minimum fuss, for those that don't have a file manager download Es File Explorer from the Play store, its free & compliments Gdrive nicely :)
The maximum free space you can get in dropbox is around 3GB google drive gives 5GB free. sync across phones and PC's, A Good UI (dropbox is a bit better but that does not matter). Chuck dopobx and box use google drive you will never look back.  bottom line- google has got this right like they always do.
If you haven't tried Drive then you need to now. The app just makes it even better.
Suppose if I lose my phone, the thief will have access to all my docs etc... on Drive. It should have the password protection when logged in from a phone. VERY IMPORTANT...  Guys at Google Drive, please provide the facility to have optional Password Protection for Drive... Please....
Suppose if I lose my phone, the thief will have access to all my docs etc... on Drive. It should have the password protection when logged in from a phone. VERY IMPORTANT...  Guys at Google Drive, please provide the facility to have optional Password Protection for Drive... Please....
but how can i download because my internal memories is full?have anyone here know how to release and make fake space for internal memories.
Im a big fan of Google apps and services anyway and try to use everything they put out at least once.  Google docs is something i never really used at all. and i know drive isnt much different atm besides storing other file types and such now.  I had been looking for a good journal/diary cloud app prior to Google drive and i didnt want to really use Evernote as cloud just cause i want my cloud to do everything i need and Google just fulfilled that need of mine with Google drive. cause i dont believe im wrong but i think Google is going to be around a while and i love how integrated you can be with Google stuff and how all their services are cohesive. i had been a Dropbox user prior and i like the feel of Drive much better. I excited to see how Google changes and improves this already great service!
Great support for all file types !!
Though less in space as compared to skydive but i think it's better than skydive.fully comparison can be done only after the release of microsoft's skydive in play store.
Really expands google docs to where it should be.  Thanks
very good!
clean, simple, does what it should do.
Good for me, maybe for you?
I Love Google Drive And I Love Shay
Excellent.
Excellent.
Better than dropbox, easy of use, upgradable storage and my files anywhere.
Free, awesome and free. Thanks.
Wow great now I can work on my papers while taking a sh*t. If google can make google docs more like Microsoft office with touch capabilities, then I would completely swich devices. My galaxy player has the potential to replace my overpriced laptop!
I'm a "google user", so for loyalty this one, has to replace Box, Dropbox or anything else.
Slightly more useful on my mobile than dropbox, works really well, especially with the on line conversions, and the off line facility.
C f
Good display, enjoying features, over all nicely done
Drive takes Google Docs to the next level with an improved interface, a true synchronization among all google devices, and tablet optimization. Keep up the good work Google.
I was using Box and Dropbox to try to upload Titanium Backup filed. It ALWAYS failed. Failed 100% of the time. Google, as usual, comes through with flying colors. Works PERFECTLY, every time. Plus they make uploading files easy. I'll continue to use Dropbox to instantly upload fotos - until I figure out how to do it on this app.
Outstanding app. I'm going to be deleting my dropbox account in favor of this.
Works as it should
I will not upload files one by one, I have hundreds of them...
Does what it is supposed to ... Would love to have an integrated file browser
It would be great if a feature could be implemented where photos are instantly uploaded much like Dropbox currently does. If this gets implemented I'll definitely switch over.
Google taking over.
It is for for purpose.
Convient enough to be with googles services
Convient enough to be with googles services
Love It.. Would like too see features tho
This is a great addition to Android as you can seamlessly sync your documents, photos, and videos between your phone and pc.
Please add multi select so I can send more than one file at a time.  Otherwise I love you Google!
Not just a memo/notepad that I can use to view and edit notes on multiple platforms (webOS, windows, etc). But now includes cloud file storage that was a timely replacement to exactly what I used zumo drive for now that they will/are no longer around.
As a google apps user, I finally have everything in the cloud.  Thanks Google!
Amazing and usefully app. Makes my life easier. Download and do not uninstall. 4stars because incoplete.
Integrate more.. like when uploading through a file explorer app, can we be allowed to choose the destination folder, instead of uploading only to the root folder of gdrive? Also, please give us the function of making folders (with its sub-folders) offline... that would really give it the edge over dropbox. Please don't go half-hearted on this one, google... I love this company :)
Where is the red? Very sad...
Great apps
Great apps
It creates incredible leverage  for GOOGLE users.
Just what I needed.
Love u goooogle
I really like it. All of my documents that I've had for years Are on here. Organized so simply in their folders.   And reading is a breeze! You can zoom and it automatically adjusts the line breaks So you don't need to scroll to read.   I also like how all the files are f organized alphabetically  or you can also sort by date modified.f   This review eloquently written by voice to text.  : )
I keep my homework backed up on it. I love you google <(^_^)>
And the potential is limitless
Amazing.. I love it just another reason why android (google). Is better then apple
Beter then icloud ;)
Feature, pricing and everything else. Simply Google! :)
5 star due to its awesomeness
Most useful
But still prefer dropbox
Best evar
Love it!
Its just my first option to store my files on cloud.
Awesome
Du bon boulot. Il manque quelques gadgets comme sur Dropbox (je pense à Camera Upload) et deux ou trois options de confort lors de l'upload, mais bon, rien d'insurmontable.
Due to the Google integration, it is very useful in sharing n synching files.
Finally Cloud Storage from Google. I don't care that Skydrive has cheaper upgrade options as I'm bounded to Android and Gmail. Only glitch is the upload picture looks weird on the PC folder. Cannot open it on Win7
Same function as Dropbox, it shows actual file size so it's good for mobile data. Sort files by folder and name so easy to find the docs you need. Overall, it does the job well !
Same function as Dropbox, it shows actual file size so it's good for mobile data. Sort files by folder and name so easy to find the docs you need. Overall, it does the job well !
fame and freedom
Real time editing is so cool
Great for group projects
5 GB of free online storage, easily accessible, with file and document editing built in speaks for itself.  What doesn't speak for itself is the additional plethora of app's that plug into your Google drive account allowing for new and varied file types to be created, viewed, and modified.  Also the fact that storing files in a Google format does not take away from your 5GB just makes things even better.  I have been a fan of cloud computing since day one and will always stay behind Google as one of the main companies pushing the envelope of possibilities.
I will back Google any day. They brought me and the world android and fantastic other program / apps to simplify life all around. Same I feel about Samsung Electronics.
Google Drive is easy to navigate and the integration is great
Very good app. Can't wait to see what's next Google!
Very good app. Can't wait to see what's next Google!
its a great app
Much bigger than dropbox!
Totally awesome!! :)
Excellent
I dnt lyk this app whatsoever. What happened to regular google docs? Google drive is a dumb idea messed everything up for me.
How the hell do you switch accounts!?
Epic 4G Touch, Asus Transformer EEE pad, 6 different computers This is by far the best cloud service ever.
You need this!! :) Makes my school work managable. I  love how you can take a picture of text and it makes a document. "Drive" is THE BEST hands down. Get this now!
Good
Great used it to do my project
Great used it to do my project
it will be the perfect app of all time if there is an option for viewing the android's unsupported files in chrome beta. i am able to view my psd files in chrome beta but no luck with the app.
Awesome
Love it. Simple and efficient. Just wish pictures would have thumbnails.
Love this but wont let me move to sd then ill give 5 stars
Everything I needed to use. Within minutes of having the app, I was already sharing and working on two different presentations for class. The app works flawlessly across each platform and is a must have for any workaholic!
Everything I needed to use. Within minutes of having the app, I was already sharing and working on two different presentations for class. The app works flawlessly across each platform and is a must have for any workaholic!
Best
There is no copy of the data on the SD card. This means you cannot plug the phone into a computer and access the data in your drive account.
Cann't upload folder and move file to another folder.
Great app
Umm, dumb google, it is DOCS NOT DRIVE. PFFT
Kills dropbox
It would be great if I could upload my contacts and apps from my phone.  That would be ideal.
hebat sekali
Can't make folders or move stuff into folders. I like the integration into ics however I wish I could reorder my sharing shortcuts but that's another story.
Love it!!!
Very good
Now I can probably do my written projects at school too
Just wish they gave you more space. There should be an option to upload contacts.
I dont want to jinx it but this just adds to google's amazing functionality. Nice! Htc evo
Great app for mobile document creation and syncing. Exactly what I needed.
Super easy to use and convenient for school projects.
I love it,so much better than drop box my only complaint is it's 9mb and can't be moved to sd card
Excellent
Was hoping this would allow me to keep an offline copy of one of my google docs. It does just that. Awesome.
I always felt like having a scribbling pad alongwith me to write my ideas as and when they came. Now I have a document on drive to store them. Thanks a lot, Google!
Google drive is just awesome, and easy to use. It's perfect for nonprofits which use team members to collaborate on grants and budgets and everything in between.
There's no picture support what so ever...
Great app must 5 stars
AT LAST!!!!
Works well
Excellent
Great job Google
In the phone display format, documents should open in view only mode with a toggle to enter edit mode, just as the tablet version performs.
The ability to work on files off line and have everything I want uploaded in my own file format is excellent. Brilliant app with so much scope for use in my work and social life.  This coupled with task manager it is excellent.
Can easily pull up docs for quick adjustment/resend on the go. Makes things super easy for business.
Like so many of Google's apps, this has the potential to be great, but seems to have been rushed out the door before being finished. It doesn't really compete with Dropbox or Box because it can't store so many file types and it obfuscates downloaded file locations, making them nearly useless except from within the Drive app itself. As such, this version is really just a new skin on Google Docs with the addition of a desktop uploader utility.
I will use this instead of dropbox because I like to have everything integrated as one.
I wont stop using dropbox of course, but this is frickin awesome too!
Just got it. 5GB is awesome and 2GB more than Dropbox...  And free! Will use it actively. They better add a Public folder...  Though.
Just got it. 5GB is awesome and 2GB more than Dropbox...  And free! Will use it actively. They better add a Public folder...  Though.
Mast
Its Wonderful !!!
I just want the ability to edit offline, to create shortcuts to documents, and to have large images show up properly in docs without them cutting off. And page breaks don't display properly either.
Great
Good version 1 software. Have to mark file offline while you're online. hope future updates improve this product, it might replace Dropbox
Love this app. Gives more space than drop box. But I can't share photos on it to Facebook or save them to my phone. :-(
This apparently is easy to use and setup on multiple operating systems and phones. The auto sync is simple as well.
Whatever you upload onto Google Drive becomes the property of Google and they can use it in what ever way they like! This is stated in the Terms and Conditions.
muito bom!
Great job gguys
I just think its awesome and offers some pretty neat features
Thank you Google for Drive. My one complaint would be the size this sits on the phone at 9.06MB and dose not move to SD card. I have a rooted phone and was able to force move most of it. But I think some memory management needs to be put into the app.
Once I'm able to add folders on mobile you will get 5 stars again
I like this app. Good job google.
Just like dropbox,but little modified
Really great google product but wditing now fof the ios app to make it just perfect!
its amazing...
I love my google services
Awesome Apps
Easy to upload, then transfer purchased Google Play apps from one device to another.
Best application to store data online.but cant able to make folder in drive.anyone tellme how to make folder in drive.
By introduction of this services. I get all my usefull web apps at one place.
This is very handy for sharing files between all of my devices
Google have done it agen
Very usefull I know how to make sg available offline but where can I download to somwhere I want?
Its an very intresting and useful app for android users as such if u have low memory storage on u r sd card....
Absolutely genius, i love it but..... Can you make it so that we can upload folders from the phone itself?
'nuff said ;-)
No problems so far
Some documents will be very nice to be shared in my Android, like my .csv files generated by apps like MoneyTrack... Spensa Pro... and others... will be useful for us and to the developers of other apps. So we can keep synced the data from my notebook, Android, and also my wife. Sad... because Google is too famous to be a engineering company, with a lot of "big brains" and a basic function like that is missing.
Some documents will be very nice to be shared in my Android, like my .csv files generated by apps like MoneyTrack... Spensa Pro... and others... will be useful for us and to the developers of other apps. So we can keep synced the data from my notebook, Android, and also my wife. Sad... because Google is too famous to be a engineering company, with a lot of "big brains" and a basic function like that is missing.
Your go to ser
I like it
Like
I love the app but I cant get all of the system to worxk but love google docs
I love Google, and they come out with a lot of good services, but I think its not very necessary to automatically install the program even if its to help with Docs. I think instead of automatically installing it, they should prompt the owner if they would like to install it. I find it sad that Google has stooped so low as to automatically add the program without consenting the owner of the device.
Works great! Lots of free storage.
like how it is a part of the google experience and not a seperate account
Great app, I was surprised how fast it was, no complaints here
Make it even better.
It does the job well enough but not a good idea to keep your important docs as Google has complete rights to do whatever they want with your docs.
works great, can view and edit all docs, spreadsheets and presentations on my gnex. thx goog.
Works just fine. easy to navigate.
love it!
Awsome app but needs a awsome ui.
this works almost the same as dropbox. I like it.
I have been wanting a google drive for a long time.
Thanks Google! :)
Erroe code -102 wont instal on galaxy tab 7 android 2.2, please fix says compatable -- restarted device then it instaled !! works nice now !
GreAt
This is an amazing app that I'm sure will add more features as it is further developed. I'd like to see it integrated in to picture gallery and synchronize folders in your phone's file system like on a pc.
Cool
Very great option. I have backed up data frm my ph, my pc.
V.good.
Well, I can't rate it higher than one start because do far it refuses to run, and tells me that "I'll be notified when it is activated". So far - about a week or so - it hasn't, and no progress seems to be forthcoming.
Like it
Yos
Can't organize my docs and can't export files to sdcard
It still has a little way to go. I would like the ability to actually download to my phone. I can't download pictures to my phone and set as wallpapers properly. I would like to save to phone and view in gallery.
It's fantastic !!
good daily application.
I love this
Some formatting issues with Docs as in the web version, sloppy UI, but other than that a solid app.
...if Drive has the option to save folders, to create folders within the My Drive folder, to upload by batches (not one-by-one), and to upload other file types. A good app not perfect.
Please add option to create new folder on mobile
Excellent app
Nice
Perfect app.
I love the design.
Those complaints about what the app CANT do should be happy of what it CAN do.I'm sure updates will follow. In the meantime if you don't like it make your own perfect app. Great job Google with the many FREE items you provide. I'll be happy to pay for extra storage as I have dropbox.
It works Fast
A
A
Yes, another great add to the Google experience. I have been waiting for the Drive release for quite a while now. When it first popped up I was excited to finally see it, however it was invite only. Thankfully I got an invitation the next day so I really can't complain. The service itself is easy to use and as promoted syncs up with all my devices. Great work, now what's next?
Nothing wrong with Dropbox but after one day with Google Drive, I'm moving everything to Google! Awesome!
Its just keep gettin better
Good
Android side is reskinned google docs app...desktop sync app is pretty good, currently no compelling reason to switch from Dropbox yet though.
I'm so glad, this is a million times better then drop box
Google yet again developed another beautiful app! With a quick, easy, and intuitive interface Google makes this app hard not to love. I can easily save novels that I have wrote on Google docs on my computer, and quickly pull them up for editing with the flick of a finger whether I'm connected to wifi or offline. So far I have no complaints and I'm completely gratified. Keep up the excellent work Google!
Was a Dropbox user and heavy on file syncing. I'm happy with Drive's desktop and mobile app. Love it, especially the integration with other Google products and I'm sure more features will come.
I like the ability to edit excel files.
Awesome... I love it
It would be a much better app if there was a way to download the files to my phone.
sharing with link feature is not available..
For first of all, I love it. But there are thing which can be better: 1. make full folders to available offline, or more better if I can select a folder to sync with a folder in my phone. etc: musics, photos, and if I drop a new to that folder, it syncs automatically to the phone. 2. make something with the sheet editing functions for mobiles.
So far so good on mine samsung galaxy nexus
Move over U1. Faster smarter and everywhere.
I have been using Docs for years... Now they have the mobile app... Heaven in ur hands. Works awesome. Full recommendation. Now even better with G Drive ,-)
Excellent!
Excellent!
Love how Drive Gmail and Picasa all share the same cloud storage. Only need to pay for one increase and all the products share the space. Good job Google.
It would be great if Gmail and Drive storage was rolled into one, but not a reason to complain. Works great on the phone and desktop. Would be nice if the mobile app allowed you to create folders.
Very handy and useful app, especially for uni students and people who collaborate a lot online.
nothing less expected, another awesome job!
Another masterpiece from Google
very nice
Everytime I try to upload a file it says upload failed... what a POS... back to Skydrive, and Google wonders why I don't use Gmail either, lol
Nice
Love the service and the app
Nice app....
I love you Google......<3
It just says "oops" when I open it.  Not even a hint at the problem. Should be labeled as beta
Thank you Google. Best thing ever. :)
Works perfectly!  Nexus s ICS.
Document editing feels finished now or close to it thanks to the addition of justification. Can now remove all other productivity suites and focus all efforts on Google Drive.
The best Google app I've ever had I love it. I have mp3,office,exe and some more in it.
Really convenient.
I like it
Great app to sync my documents, photos and videos.  Description says can upload/download any file type however can not upload music files nor program or additional files as attempted.  Can upload videos but at times issues with downloading or opening video recently uploaded.  I hope the drive improves. Galaxy S2 Epic 4G Touch
Was hoping it would have the move to sd card option that google docs app lacked. Still lacking. Will just use web version.
File is too big when we can move to sd card??
File is too big when we can move to sd card??
Anyone's battery impacted or phone heating up since install?
Very useful. Just replaced dropbox.
I love it 5 stars :)
I love it 5 stars :)
Perfect integration with other google services
Perfect integration with other google services
Perfect integration with other google services
This app is effin sweet.
No more crappy Dropbox and 3rd party apps.
Kills dropbox
simply awesome <3
Just going to use officesuite until this gets useable
I just got notified that my Google drive is ready.. So far so good.. The desktop client is like 700kb only. Let's see how it fairs
Love it! Wish it was a little easier to edit spreadsheets. Would also love to be able to pin docs to home screen as a widget. Checklist option would be great too.
Certainly a serious competitor to Dropbox. Love it.
All the dropbox lovers seem to leave out the simple fact that Google drive has auto sync and dropbox doesn't. Auto sync is 50% of the reason for having cloud storage.
Sweet app.
5gb free is perfect! Very useful for getting pictures ive taken onto my computer.
Now my pen drive usage has lowered to nil! Thanks to Google drive!
Great!
Seems to behave sensibly enough.
Thank you thank you so nice with plenty of space
Love it. Proud to live in Google era.
Just an idea for the next google app   Hey checkbook / wallet program that links directly to your google drive or google account  The idea is to link and active synchronize so you can have the application have some synchronize no matter what the android device and web you're using at the time    The concept of the program will be to program how much money you have an account  Ie bank account checking savings rsb stock your hand and more ....  Are you spin your money you just put down with you spent it on and I will subtract it from the total with time and date in the background and I will get that will show your bank account balances I really think this would be good because many people have many different android devices   05/30/12.      Checking $100  06/01/12.     Buy food -$75                           Balance $25         06/14/12   Job Payment $2000                           Balance $2025  If I knew how to program I have full access  google server I would make this program
Love it
If it can sync photos I took directly on the drive in a specific folder, then it would be great.
Great app when im out of the country
Great app when im out of the country
Please reduce footprint! Enable move to SD. Thanks!
I have been waiting so long for google drive.  Its really awesome that we we are getting supet services under one flag i.e. GOOGLE
Apple has competition in the cloud and sharing market.  I can print from my phone and share with all my computers and devices that are PC Android and Linux....I have not tried it with Apple yet but I would give it ten stars if I could.
B-)
Very nice and fast but it doesn't allow me to export files on my SD... for example songs... in this way songs on my drive even if are offline can't be viewed by music apps
Love it! Finally I can use the desktop to organize, save, upload files of any sort that I want to. I know that with 3rd party APIs and updates (Chrome 20!) it will only get better and better.
Greaaaaaat
simply.. great..
Drive is an excellent cloud storage solution. The desktop client is even friendly with 2-step authentication.
Like it infinity times
awesome :-P
awesome :-P
I hope dropbox win this fight.
Get it drop box
I nearly pooped myself when I saw this app appear.
It's definitely what I am waiti g for. Google Drive rocks.
Saves me money and time
Nice to finally have storage space with Google and nice it links in with all the share intents. However you cannot create folders or organize files through the app and must be done through the website. Would have liked to have special picassa pictures folder linked to drive as well. Also why can't I have 5GB more from Gmail since I definitely don't need that much for email?
哎
Google again makes everything so much easier. Great app that works perfectly with my laptop and phone. Quick and easy uploads/downloads, saves space on my phone and love the ability of creating multiple types of folders for each file type. Highly recommend if you use a lot of files and have a lot of documents on your phone or pc.
Good for me
Such a great platform, and wonderful integration.
android is now Google their apps will always be worth 5 stars
BUT I Hate the new name
Only thing I would want to see added is the option to pick a folder from your phone when you upload a file
Love it.
It is simply great. The only thing I would change would be the mobile ui so it looks like the Android Market "Google Play" app, with the tabbed browsing.
I love google!
Works. Decent rates. Another useful Google product.
Works. Decent rates. Another useful Google product.
Showed up on my phone with no opt out, wont let me uninstall. Also, everything uploaded to Google drive becomes the property of Google. Seriously, check the terms and conditions that are never presented to you.
Showed up on my phone with no opt out, wont let me uninstall. Also, everything uploaded to Google drive becomes the property of Google. Seriously, check the terms and conditions that are never presented to you.
Finally!
Great. Worth the wait. A must for all Android users
Simply brilliant app with great many features beyond just cloud storage.  Still room for improvement but nonetheless a very useful and fantastic app from Google.
Works great om samsung galaxy tab 2
Awesome!
Please add the option to create folders via mobile app, and a batch uploader would be nice too. Thanks Google!
Its from google, of course its 5 stars...  *bows down before the mighty google*
Awesome like any other google app..
No more cables!
No more cables!
Will work perfectly for what I use it for.  Thanks
Useful :)
Useful :)
Great app
As an alternative to Dropbox, Gdrive integrates with your existing Google tools seamlessly.
Luv it
Luv it
The best!
Cool way to collect all Google documents and share it with others
great for my work and business. I share spreadsheets with my accountant and invoices with my employees.
Yes great app...Loads of improvement coming soon. This will kill off the Hard drive as we know it. Watch this space and watch Applemaniacs flooding this place to acquire one.
But its finally here. I could care less for features past complete integration with my Google account. Thanks!
Great
Please bring out a full laptop OS google, microsoft is so far behind u
Please bring out a full laptop OS google, microsoft is so far behind u
This was the one thing that was missing from Googles cloud services before. The implementation is awesome and so far it does everything I'd want it to do. Hail to the cloud baby!
Another awesome stuff from google
Great
Не предъявит ли компания, создавшая ПРОМПТ, патентный иск за использование похожего лого программы? Снова война патентов…
I like the pseudo file-browser, but almost wish that it was more featured. Other than that, definitely accomplishes what it means to as a Drive app for Android.
Love the app! Beats dropbox in terms of upload size. Also its pretty simple to just pick up and use. And I've been waiting since January to get this. Lol
Nice apps
Pretty much useful for storage. But lacks some basic functionality like creating folders, organising files into them,Instant camera upload like on Google Plus app. Other than that, 5 GB is the best! :D
but I want the ability to create folders from android and to upload multiple items at once. Then, I'll uninstall dropbox. ;-)
More storage for less money. How can you go wrong? The desktop and mobile applications are very simple and intuitive as well.
More storage for less money. How can you go wrong? The desktop and mobile applications are very simple and intuitive as well.
I'll give it a five star rating!:)
Very Excellent
the best part is to integrate my Gdoc together, and make file management much easier.  how to compare with Dropbox? well, you can make revisions, write, edit, etc on GDrive. So it is a cool app.
Love ya!!!
I'm so tired of all the whining about Google privacy, as if these people had anything worth stealing. Google is providing something good here - appreciate it or go use Dropbox and shut up.
It's such a relief
Just perfect for me
App seems very smooth. Would like to see auto upload of photos to my drive.
Updated to Drive and love it! Certainly made me move from using DB!
The one long waiting from google. I hope everything will be easy...!!!
The next big thing
Being able to create/assign to folders from Android would be really helpful.
Only thing for fixing is that in presentation mode like powerpoint it does not perfectly for the screen.
Great app
Great app!!!! And editing is such a breeze
Uploading photos from Gallery runs so smoothly. I love it!
I can't seem to figure out how to download a file that is in my Google drive account on to my phone. Example: If i have a .zip file and i don't want to to unzip what do you do. I can't seem to find a way around it. I simple download and the target where the download is going to go would be nice. Other than that this is the app i was waiting for.
Get 5 Gigs free of automatically syncing document storage accessible anywhere you have internet. Able to edit the same document with another user in real time. Way better and way cheaper than word!
It automatically synchronise my document in computer to mobile....
Go Google!
Works
The best
This is the true Drop Box killer.   I still love Drop Box too.
Drop box doesn't own the rights to my uploaded content why would allow you to.
Its the future of office
Ủng hộ google.
I love this Drive from Google! Syncing has never been easier! Another amazing flawless application from Google! Thanks guys.
really what i need
Well it's free for a start. It's made by Google so the back up is there for updates etc and last but not least it's new and shiny.
Been waiting for this and it works smoother than expected out of the gate...
great app...keep it up google
Still needs work for offline support.
Yay!!!
Awesome
Love
I love Google drive but one thing I want to add security password and please update security password!!!!!
Perfect application!
Nice guys.
What can I expect I Google?
Faster than dropbox.
THIS A GREAT APP, thid even works on my kindle fire superbly, the sync is exceptional and the features are great. well done, specially good for a start, I will wait for more features soon! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Another perfect product of google. Better than dropbox
Works well, looks good. Switching over from dropbox this week.
FYI, took me almost a full day before I received the email stating that my files were ready. Works flawlessly now, especially with my ChromeBook
As always
I can't wait to see where Google takes the service from here & what 3rd party devs integrate this into.
Helped me a lot.
Google for President!!!!!!!!
Just what I always wanted.
Keep it up! Another good combo!
Have read the terms of service articles, its bull.
I enjoy Google's consistent ability to come up with a product that rivals that of other major software companies like Apple and Microsoft, and this web app is no different than Play itself.    Step 1: Create a netbook where the OS is online....  Step 2: Create a music distribution system where I can store all music and buy more online...  Step 3: Create a file transfer system where I can store and edit all of my files online...  If there ever happens to be anything that Google needs beta-tested, I will always be happy to do so.
Que diferencia hay entre esto y google docs??
Really is so convenient, smooth at uploading/downloading. On the cuff when u need it, no matter wot device u have at hand, totally awesome!
Like the previouse guy said it needs a foldering system. Were you can create folders. Or group files
Like the previouse guy said it needs a foldering system. Were you can create folders. Or group files
So far works GREAT!
I downloaded this app at first in the hope that i would be able to activate my drive myself. Well that didnt work. So I ask to be notified as to when I would be activated. I had an email to say it was and I was uploading my things from drop box straight away. I have scince deactivated my drop box as i feel it offers a less connected service. Definately a worthwhile service. A great addition to Google's product line.
This gives me all the services and extra storage to manage all my files.  No problems, works perfectly.
Another gem from Google!
Finally got my invite. Looks good so far, but basically just a rebranded google docs. Whatever, I'm excited to see the future of this.
Amazing is the word, really.
+1
;)
Теперь можно быстрее перекидывать файлы с компа на тел:-)
im actually thinking about upgrading from the free 5 gb drive storage to 16 tb drive storage for $10 a month. u can't beat that. increase cache and allow streaming and i can have hundreds of movies and songs saved to my account
Been waiting for this release, everything I expected from it.. 5 stars
Works great love the offline feature
I think nothing more is needed. I want everyone to use it!
No password to protect those files on cell phone
Keep up the good work
Easy to use... It rocks..
Thx google
Yay cheese in a can!
This is fantastic, no issues at all.  Good bye dropbox.
Share a URL of a file. That's the one feature I use Dropbox for. Until you add this feature, it's useless to me thanks.
Awesome.... Just like Apple!!!
Box offered me 50 GB for free .... Not any new concept
Good
Looks much nicer and works better than docs
DROID x gets error message not ready
Con esos 5gb espero pueda superar dropbox... Y espero que sea agil... Bajando
Not upto the standard of Google.
I've been waiting a long time for Google to do this!
Perfect!!!!!
PLEASE add an instant upload feature to upload pics automatically to google drive and i would completely make the switch from dropbox. Thanks! (Also bulk upload/ multiple file upload would be great!)(Plus for the mac client the finder window menubar icon is just a folder, not the icon, like it is with dropbox. just sayin', might class up the place.)
Please enable the option to move the app to SD card.  I have a rather expensive android phone bought from India but the infernal memory was very less 150 MB this pots great  limitations on apps which can be used even though upto 32GB of extra memory can be added using SD card  Other than that everything is excellent
Just what the doctor ordered. Very functional, useful and works with Ics and gingerbread no problems.Can use this for my son's baseball games and school activities
Happy to see google drive is up much better than dropbox go google
This completely revolutionises the usefulness of Android phones.  If Google ensure that developers can integrate with drive, this will open a whole new class of uses for mobile
Great integration with docs love it
thanks to google, now i can open and edit my work anytime :-D
Thought at first, the inability to create folders ( for instance for pictures ) was a drawback, but since realised that you just need to create on desltop, and the app then recognises them. Works quick and slick, easy to search, and 5 gig free. What's not to like ?
BUT it needs thumbnail previews of photos and docs. Also, cloud print button from within the app. Please update soon!
Amazing google i like every product from google
AMAZING UPDATE!
It's good for me
I'm a computer repair consultant and this is the greatest app/google feature. It allows me and all my employees to access all necessary files.... I love it
Ftw!
Ftw!
Dats why iam in love with Google, they are providing me such great things.
google no deja de sorprenderme!!!
Good one
Best!!!
I have access to Google Drive only on one gmail account on my smartphone. For the other gmail accounts linked to my smartphone, it saying to use Google Docs untill I will receive mail confirmation of available Google Drive. What can I understand ? Google Drive is available only for ONE gmail account per device ?
Amazing. Greatest part, it's in the cloud. Now w/ offline support people there is no reason to keep giving Microsoft your hard earned cash for something that Google does better, and oh yea.... it's free. An now it is a drive that you can put any file type on.... Amazing
awesome
I Love Google
Awesomw indeed
Dropbox hat dann wohl ausgedient. Alles aus einer hand, yeah!
Lurve
Works nicely with no hang.... Like a charm
Go go go !!!
Xrisimo poly alla thelei veltioseis ston editing
V nice
Weird replacing an app instead of making a new one, especially since its completely different to Docs
So useful.
Very easy and useful......
Helps a lot
Thật tuyệt
It helps me a lot.
Works l like charm. Can only see this getting better.
Tk you for your app
Great app than dropbox or box. UI is better. Can anyone imagine life without google now?
Superb.
What a great app! This app makes it easy to share and have your files on all your devices.
Awesome!
Excellent job from the masters of the Universe at Google. The uploads,offline docs, instantaneous updates and all else across the board and in between has been nothing but silky smooth!!
Já experimentei o google drive: uma desilusão (pelo menos para já).  A mim parece-me uma cópia da dropbox (mas uma cópia de quando a dropbox ainda era um beta).  Pontos negativos a meu ver:  - A sincronização web pc não é quase imediata como a dropbox. Por vezes demora tanto tempo que fico sem perceber se aquilo vai sincronizar ou não.  - A google drive não reconhece ficheiros iguais. Ou seja, na dropbox no pc se tens um ficheiro dentro de uma paste e depois fazes uma cópia para outra pasta, ele reconhece como se esse ficheiro já tivesse sido feito o upload e fica quase de imediato a alteração feita na web também. Na google drive não, volta a fazer o upload novamente.
Some day I want to work for Google!!!
Let's see who will be the winner. Dropbox, or Google?
Thanks for getting this out! I just wish we knew about the price increase for additional storage yesterday though. Really liking what i see so far.
Thanks for getting this out! I just wish we knew about the price increase for additional storage yesterday though. Really liking what i see so far.
So far so good
Im more of a Google fan ever since I got my first Nexus so I knew Google Drive was going to be awesome.  As soon as i heard it came out I transferred all my dropbox stuff to it. Its going to be amazing once apps can use Google Drive API's.
Still not get email...!
Pretty handy
Nice for buisness
It's nice, but dropbox is better. Keep improving:)
Excellent google update for my arc s.hi hi hi hi hi hi
I am a heavy user and it is really helpful to access to it with one click...both thumbs up.
Very old scroll bar and design, not smooth too!
Nice work guys
Thanks Google
Works well and syncs across all my devices, 5gb of free storage is nice too
no more drop box
A bit slow, but great mobile app
Kool
This has the potential to be the best app in the known history of apps. I bow before you, almighty el goog.
Much better than Dropbox and Skydrive.  Smooth and intuitive.
This app is amazing!
works like a charm.
Running 70gb on Apps for Business....so sweet.  Cant wait to see my other vendors integrate Drive.
Finally. =)
Great from gugel :)
Nice
Its very easy to set up and use. Its a great improvement over the original google docs.
App good
Any questions?
Time saving
Awesome first!!!
From the interface to the functionality , everything is just wonderful
Google Drive has replaced my need for Dropbox. The convenience of drag-and-drop syncing from my PC is insanely convenient. This app does a great job at giving me access to my stuff, and the only complaint I have is that it can be a little slow.
Update gives a new life
I'm going all in.
I'm going all in.
I'm going all in.
I've been waiting for this day forever :)
Superb app
Installed and synced with no issues.
Been waiting for this! Go Google!
Good. User friendly application.
Gmail storage was $5/year for 20Gb, but Drive costs $30/year for 25Gb. I feel violated.
NOW!! With changing to anyone with link..... cmon GOOGLE!
What a joke, doesn't work
Just wish the free portion was 10-15gb especially after MS upgraded all current skydrive users to free 25gb, expect them to improve that further. Overall loving Google Drive!
Only if it comes with folder syncing then it's perfect!
This is a good app. Very useful. Easy to use
Google dropbox
Love Google Drive and its implementation across my computer and my mobile devices. One thing I am seemingly missing which is present in the Dropbox android app, is the ability export the things in my google drive to my phone's SD card. Dropbox had this capability, so I could transfer items I wanted on my phone from Dropbox. With the drive app, I can make them offline, but then when I search for them with a file explorer, I can't seem to find them. Maybe I'm not looking in the right spot, but I don't know if Google even added the export feature. If they added that, it would make this app perfect!
I can view docs fine. I'm happy with the new offline support. Editing copy, paste, and spell correction is either frustrating or just doesn't work MOST of the time.
Needs specific folder shortcuts for quick access to commonly used items. Maybe a widget too?
This app is weak. It crashes all the time and lacks some of the most useful functions. Things to be fixed before i rate it 5 stars: 1) dowload document button 2) fix the "options button" next to every document name, it always opens the doc when i click options 3) background sync to update docs list
I'm dissapointed with Drive.. No way to upload multiple files at once, no instant upload, expensive to add more storage, interface is a clone of Google Docs, no way to create folders! Missing a Linux client..
So far, so good. The evolution from Google Docs to Google Drive has been slick and simplistic. The new document editing UI is especially what caught my eye. Let's just see where the cloud storage aspects and future features of Google Drive go.
Gud one
Works just as described. Brilliant
Bye, Dropbox!
The best cloud storage ever!!!!
Finally, after all the hub-bub it out.  What is needed is a widget packaged separately so a widget can be used and still install the app to the SD Card.  I really hope the the future has better support for voice to text and integration with GVoice. Great Job for 1.0
Finally, after all the hub-bub it out.  What is needed is a widget packaged separately so a widget can be used and still install the app to the SD Card.  I really hope the the future has better support for voice to text and integration with GVoice. Great Job for 1.0
I like it a lot and highly recommended.
I like it a lot and highly recommended.
It just needs to show how much space we have available somewhere... Anywhere!
Very useful app.
As usual Google has made a good thing great....thanks guys
I love this app
This is great. I love the ease of storing on line. I did not want to start with dropbox and have to moved files.
V good
Love it.  Smooth and more streamlined.   To steve Chung bellow.  Video and pic upload occurs on google plus.  It won't be commingle to drive as an auto feature (just my guess).
Perfect app
Google does it again
I've been waiting for a longtime for this. The sharing abilities clinched it. The future starts here.
I've been waiting for a longtime for this. The sharing abilities clinched it. The future starts here.
Love it!!!
Fantastic thank you
Great!!!
Win!
Thank you google! I love you x x x
Room for improvement
I wish it could sync photos and downloads automatically
Work great in ICS Nexus S
Wish i had this 3 days ago before i dropped my phone and lost all my photos. Better late than never though.
finally Google Drive....Drives in..
hopefully it integrates with Google+ Plus' Instant Upload feature and other Google services.
Love being able to back everything up to one place!
Google drive saves your pictures, music, videos, and other files, and documents. And more.
I love it, but I wish I could edit PHP (and such) files from it...
Finally the edit features of Google Docs with the ease of Dropbox.
Forget dropbox , burn icloud, Google Drive is all you need
good update from docs. Xx
Awesome
simply great... all sync... amazing...
Only complaint so far is the lack of 'move to SD card' option.
It's a real shame, but text editing options are very poor. What i find most annoying is how hard it is to place the cursor where i want to edit my text. The system's built in text cursor doesn't work for some reason :-( And it needs offline support (with editing)!!!!!!
That's what I was waiting for longtime ago. The app is amazing. It's merged with Google doc and all apps that's already installed in the desktop's Google Chrome. The sync is instantly. The 5Gig free storage is fair.  Awesome.
finnaly a cloud from google... needs a nicer ui
finnaly a cloud from google... needs a nicer ui
Most awaited app...awesome
Slightly confused because I paid for additional storage on Picasa Albums is there integration between the two?
Nagyon hasznos egy 5GB-s tárhely.Gyors, bárhol elérhető, szinkronban van a google fiókkal. Eddigi legjobb cloud program, mindenkinek ajánlom!!!
Between this and Dropbox it makes having a Galaxy Nexus awesome!
Again a masterpiece from the masters....
Already in sync and working well
Already in sync and working well
Thank you, Google!
Totally cool,  now I just need ideas what to do with this....  I wanted to ask what format this is?  .doc,.PNG or something else?
Still won't edit worth a #@$%.  With Share option, you still cannot use Google Drive (Google Docs).   Needs work. Not ready for beta.
Good way from Google
Google rocks!
A+ as always, keep up the stellar work
Wont work with speech recognition
I've tested it on my desktop, phone and tablet.  All work great!
Needs the ability to upload to a folder.
I'm not sure what the point of Drive is. I may be wrong but all that has changed was Google Docs to Drive. This is no Dropbox from Google. I would love to see my file and instead of sharing via GD style, let me create a link through my app. Is this possible? I want to share a file and it starts downloading it to my phone, no, just a link is all I need.
Google drive is one of the best sharing tool ever!
