fine...
My favourite web browser always.
All the time. Won't even open.
Dùng gói mimax nên ko quan trọng việc tiết kiệm dung lượng lắm. Nhưng ưu điểm là nhẹ, gọn và linh hoạt với những thao tác wep đơn giản như up status facebook hay tìm kiếm thông tin nhanh trên google!
Zoom option should be added in setting
Hate new layout when search opens!!
when i first dwnld it, it was ok. But then, it starts to crash, and now i can't even open it at all. the screen turns black everytime i tried to open it.
Hard to connect
B
Please update it I cant download
Dump such a waste thing in play app.
Always crashes! :@
the software crash many of the time
Used to be good, uninstalling untill you guys update it.
Bad
Now it won't even load. White screen, then back to the app or home screen.
Very slow... If you open any other app while downloading, the download will stop. Will not be able to restart it.
Opera mini is best browser on the planet for nokia..not for android it crashes all the time.  i using dolphin browser which is quite good.
Like the menu. Tearing my hair out when opera does not want to open. Which is too often.
İt doesnt do anything it says.. And after 5 minutes all pages never open.. They just keep on loading.. And my net iş also fast.. DİSAPPOİNTED..!! Used to be my fav. on my previous cellphones.. !!
Doesn't get start download
The app can not be opened?? I have to force close it.
Crashes as opening the app
Olkdmuddd
Since last saturday, the pages would not load and today, the app would not open. How do i retrieve my bookmarked pages? Need you help pls... Thanks!
I love opera on my pc and my selullar, but why on my pad can not installing?????  For reference my pad is latest picopad by axio ggc:-)  please if opera can fix this problem,  I've been instal your opera browser and mini one for three times.... thank you:-)  I still love opera :-)
So slow...
Star
Bad
Fastest browser
unable to free browse in my galaxy  pop mobile. I need solution please please.......
good
Its fast....
Can't load web pages correctly. Please restore 6.5.2 stable release. Version 7 sucks. Does not work on Sprint Epic 4g.
We cant go to main site direcliy we need to keep on pressing bad
Screen stays black most of the time and force closes Lg Optimus V
Best app if you like white screens and crashes
Too worst.
there is a problem
Stopping me from so many pages, not adapting the original page cos 'its not endorsed by google'. Come on!
Tried factory resetting my phone, tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Bloody app just freezes on my HTC desire s.
Thanx for d Smooth n fast web browsing
Dont open the page
I installed this and it now forces my internet (not opera) app to open up on the opera website and it is definitely not my homepage. So I uninstalled it
Its bettr to use facebook on this den installing d app which takes a long time 5-star app! !!!
Just updated. But the same problem exists. Still crashes & force closes a lot. Its getting really annoying and frustrating. Seems like the problem is impossible to fix.
Ggdgk
Uc beast
Its closed automatically & all d applications too.... Not gr8..... Sometimes i used uc browser instead of it coz of indefinite exit....
This version is totally worst. So much of problem. Hanging and most of the time says network not connected. But before version good. This is very very worst.
Its so slow  for browsing n downloading. Dolphin & UC browser is better then this. No desktop view, no black theme/night mood, no full screen mood, no hide option for statusbar, no resume option for broken download. Plz opera update ur apps.
Kim.. Wendy..  u r ryt mate ... the recent update made opera mini close forcfully even befor openin it up... pls dont lie and luk in to this matter
Used to be great but is now unusable as keeps stopping and saying server unavailable. Going elsewhere to find a browser that works.
very buggy. . keeps exiting, not loading pages correctly
Poor app
Used to download things.But now,doesn't download images,games,etc. Pls fix  Galaxy Y
You deleted my comment!!! Not suitable for your site?... Today Opera proved my words and guys you should really fix this app and earn your wages! Total disaster! Daily I have to restart my system at least 3-4 times, it freezes, pages frozen,  clearing the history, and bookmarks sometimes... suddenly turning off... and its not the problem only on my android, it was and still is the problem on my Nokia X3, not perfect at all and you should work on it to fix it... My oppinion is 1 STAR!
It was the best but after an update it becomes the worst and it never opened :(
خیلی خوبه
I can,t down load any thing!
i like opera
just stopped working
Installation after download in app installation does not complete plz fix this bug and i cannot use this app
Not even starting downloading...!
It crashes while reading my fonts.
It crashes way too often since the last update. Not happy at all! Please fix this!!!
poor
Bug was not fixed. Devlopers added new bugs.
Cant login to facebook !!!!!!!!
I go to a airg site they run alot of adds over there if you don't want adds u gotta pay them well uset to be opera mini was ur best ticket out because opera blocked adds but now idk what happened if its airg thts somehow figured out how 2get adds thru too opera or the opera makers themselves cuz i get constant adds now even trys to play vids sometimes if its airg doing it i hope the opera team figures out a way to outsmart them so opera can be add free again
Used to be the best but iv had to delete it from my phone no longer a useable app constant crashing,pages won't load,clearing pages all the time..to save memory?? Losing all pages you were using! Terrible.
I have always used Opera at every plateform and had a great browsing experience with it. BUT... this opera mini really sucks man... its totally useless.. i wonder is it really Opera product..!!!! It crashes 8 of d 10 times.. worst thing is that u can not think to download a big file using it. After starting download, when u comes back to opera to see ur download status, u will shocked to see that ur file is not there in downloads... God knows whats happng....... Uninstalled......
Loved this browser until a few weeks ago, it was fast and great. Now it's just AWFUL, often will not load pages, Wikipedia loads badly, and Google DOES NOT WORK on mobile internet. Disappointed... UNINSTALL.
Its freezes too much time  worst browser i ever found totally un comfortable abe chup this is not for low network
too basic browser with no flash support..belongs to ancient age!!
Need to fix the bugs ....
This is a useless application.. It's not working.. Yeh ak dirty application hy Kisi kam ki ni hy es ko install krny ma jo time use hota hy wo ap ny zaya kia diskg fedgjt syyihgdyuvr tuu uhfdhhbffyjkvcdstuo uhhfyjhvdfh jobvfhjbffjj mg fhh vdjjcgjfh
Cannot access wifi!!!
I have internet activated on my cell, i am browsing from other browser but can't access the net through opera mini. It shows an error-  Timeout while loading from transcoding service. Transcoder: s04-03  Please fix this ASAP.
Not resuming download
complete bullshxt
Hifi:*)
I really like the app, but the most recent update really effed it up. It has to be forceclosed everytime I search something.
I'm un installing ..it's quiet slow now a days.
Free ka nhe if msuk fb?
Hate dis its nt at al fast jst pathetic one
Hate dis its nt at al fast jst pathetic one
We can't download over10 mb
not working on my phone gallaxy pop.
I delete it Now it can not be re downloaded
I am disappointed. IT HAS BEEN MONTHS and still no successful update!!? WTTTFFFF is going on here?????!
Very slow
I used to love this app..now the screen goes blank and force closes..not sure what tapped but please fix
Broken :(
Gives problems while browsing. I dont recommend it.
This app need upgrade dude..
it was a good browser. fix bugs introduced in latest update.
Poor
very bad warking.
hai
Just stupid now. Crashes all the time never opens properly.
Jjjjjlppp
how come i cant instal it to my samsung galaxy
Di hape gue ga bisa-_-
Opera HAD been my go-to browser for years. This latest update was absolutely AWFUL. Hangups and crashes CONSTANTLY. And anytime I have more than 1 tab up it clears all of them forcing me to reload them all. I rolled my Opera back to an ealier version and use Maxxthon mostly now. DO NOT UPDATE!
Can't access hotmail anymore.... ;(
Not so Gud...
Reaning the exist of opera
Galaxy fit-- Crashes all the time in between opening a page or whenever i reopens it. Very bad update
What happened to flash
WORST BROWSER EVER SEEN
Force close many time on samsung galaxy mini
Its goog
Bad
not so useful
Worst browser. Gets hanged very frequently, doesn't load properly. Open any online shopping websites, damn thing just makes u really irritated
Как до обновления было говном, так после обновления и осталось ДЕРЬМОМ! Это шведское дерьмо вообще когда-нибудь обновиться???
I got it and as soon as i opened it up it went straight to a black screen i tried it several times after and still black screen.. dont install this garbage
It just won't load up any pages
Before it is ok not its not working properly..plz.fix. Before i can download upto 50mb video ,Now i cannot download video that is higher then 15mb ...please fix it.... Galaxy note 4.0.3 ICS...
New update crashes a lot!! Pls put exit button as well!
Keeps on crashing for no obvious reasons, even with not one single tab open. Too bad, Opera's browser has the best tabs and overall performance.
the brawser is so bad
It work good for a while then it keep shuting down every time you zoom?
It crashes on my new font..its not compating with my new font...i use to love this browser but its new update broke my heart..now I am force to use uc web browser..if developer read this plese fix this..it is not opening any page a font compatibility bar comes on screen and then after 2 % it force closes plese fix this...please
im using xperia u .It's not opng properly , black screen is comng
Thats poor browser for android  not gud force close dolhin is gud nd uc is also gud but opera ducks very poorest browser for e
Its not a good app to download. I can't able to download any  songs
Black screen. Browser will freeze and I cant navigate or close the app!... have to go into manage apps &force stop. Used to be great.... freezes every 20 minutes now. Deleting!
While  browsing or downloading if the screen goes off or sleeps the all processess gets stopped and says retry option or restart download  I hope you understand the problem....
Slllllllooooooooowwwwwwww
Will not access internet  even tho I have a working connection.
Just says no network connection, tried re-installing. Every other app loading fine. Galaxy S2, ICS.   Shame, it's really light on data and was my first choice when not on wifi.
Cannot get onto web pages
It's a good browser, but it keeps crashing. Be like Firefox and have a restore previous session button? I like this browser though. And how come there are 2 operas? I don't know which one to pick. Edit. This update made it even crapper. It doesn't keep your last pages and sometimes restarts randomly. Edit. It's not even opening anymore. Just becomes blank then exits.
What have you done to it? Worked fine, now just comes up constant with connection error, had to download opera mobile n move all my bookmarks. :-(
loved this app prior to recent update now it fails to load  please fix and ill give 5 stars
B2B.TM F..%.
it just stopped working today. opera used to be the best browser but it suprises me how it's developers released an update which made it not working.
Will not connect since update.
In my opinion, this browser is much better and faster than the built-in browser
I used to love opera, i always use this browser. But this version make me sick! Fix it!! Its blank all the time i start it!
Pls bring in stock system root rom support so I can make it my only browser of fone	Gr8
And my other browser does. Disappointed.
Every time I Google something and click on the link it messes up the page
Was all I used but has decided it doesn't want to connect to internet and is now useless on my Xperia Arc. Shall be deleting it after years of being good.
Poor
used to work flawlessly.....but now crashes all the time can't load a single page........plz fix it!!!!!
I used to love this app but From last update it is taking a lot of time to open a page......after one minute it displays as connection errors even though the my network is good. Please Rectify this problem  ......galaxy sl
I think it's the best mobile browser that i've tried. Keep your excellent jobs!
Force close. Clearing page in baaddd time. I was writing long and important msg but its Force close.... ahhhhhh...  Better will use maxton browser
Loads software, won't load webpages
I've never written a review before but I'm so irritated by the latest update that this is my first. I loved the speed of Opera but now, whenever I hit the home screen icon it takes an age to upload the page. I'm seriously considering junking this in favour of anythinghing else
This browser was the best in my point of view until it stopped downloading.Now it asks to save the file and starts normally but wont download,Why?
After upgrade its not installing!
like everyone else, it doesn't respond well and i get a blank screen when i try going back, it doesn't auto adjust screen when i zoom either
Crush.... Not Good....
wooo
It has a poor performance dam bad
Worst update,,bad,,very baddd
Duh.
I used to love using this browser, but the update slowed it down A LOT!
Keeps on crashing on my samsung galaxy 5. Doesnt download videos greater than 10MB size
No longer usable since last update.
After last update i am unable to open it
It is a very good browser! I advise you to use it! Really very good! But do not blame the app if your conection it is not fast! This is only an app!
this app is a virus detected by my antivirus for android do not download.
For years I used opera mini for many phones. But now sad to say its over. Too many bugs. Can't bear anymore.
Crashes all the tym.
Nice web browser
It is slightly. Faster than dolphin but lacks featurs like facebook jlooks weird were dolphin looks just like the app same goes for moco and many other sitesjveryjunpredded uses a lot of ib phone memory and lacks the option to coach to sd card like dolphin as well do not gwt this if you don't want the full mobile web pages no option to viue full desktop web pages like dolphin lack of flash support dolphil does support flash the only browser on the marker that's better than others coach an app can be put sd
Now super slow  Plz fix . Galaxy nexus 4.1
Basically its fast but upgraded fast its awsome
it sucks . crashes too much //: have to constantly shut off phone so it'll work .
Always crash on sgs 1.
Kul
Speed is gud.. But no use as the app crashes with just zooming out the page..
Crashes often
I will not even give one star to it 'cause force closes every time I start it.
totally sucks in some pages,single column view also sucks, old save pages when opened it frce closes. pls improve!
Doesnt opean up...
Nothing 2 bad.nothing 2 be like.... But ???
Truly. Badddd
Still geting force closing without warning..! Geting out of memory...
Its a great browser but its download is very very slow Plz do some thing
Very very poor
My downloads keep failing whyyyyy?
This opera is so faster than others ,improve it
I was using this for 2 years. Now the new version update brought this period to an end. Now I can't even open it. Uninstalled.
Bst app on android ...!! It has much better speed...!! Love it..
wtf happened it was working now I have to keep restarting opera
Fine
Gone from a great fast easy to bugs slow seems all over the place uninstall and waited patiently for it to change had enough
U killed my favourite browser opera. It became so buggy to the point it is no longer usable.
Good until last update it crashes all time can't open any site .. It vecame useless
Grrrrr why does the start page button not WORK!!!!! =[
Doesn't open
Its good :)  but bad :(
**Must app**
I used to love this browser on my mobile phone but now it won't even load a single page without error. What a crap!!
Quality is reducing day by day
Why its not working on galaxy s3
I like this app
No updates anymore?
Broken beyond repair. No sign of any attempt to fix.Looking for alternative to this one great app which is becoming more and more unusable and unstable.Why does font data collection take so long and why can't it be done in the background.Makes the browser unusable for about half an hour. Its not like I have 100's of fonts. Could be taking more than font data for all I know. Crashes more than ever so needs a beta tag.
Wow
Wow
Used to love it
I honestly don't understand what's taking so long for the update. app becomes unresponsive and freezes
you type a long comment on a site and opera crashes...its so irritating...crashes so frequently..pls fix it asap...
not working properly in my Galaxy POP....during  installation....a loading message saying 'searching for fonts in your phone '.& from then.....it's closing.....
I have to personally say this is the best and the most fastest browser I have seen for any phone at all, its fast and efficiant. Wasn't a really big fan of opera till I downloaded this
-2
I'm going to save myself the headache by uninstalling this app. Opera Mini has been experiencing constant crashes lately on my Galaxy S3.
Blank start pages. Totally blank screens. Status bar not correctly at the bottom of the screen...
Some time SD card sapport lost
You'll wonder how you ever managed without it.
'Nuff said... so slow... it reloads the same page when i click on a link. Did i mention how slow it is? Its primitive compared to dolphin, even Boat is better. Uninstalling
Stop working after sometime
Did not fix problems but made them worse! Now it crashes all the time.
I love it
Hhh
faster   not  at  all
Not working
Still unstable on custom roms.force closes,page loading errors and what not.
Good but not speed
It didn't crash, but within few days it just couldn't open.   Is there any good browser now, which aesthetic enough and can save page nicely.??
wanted a nice looking, fast, easy to use browser. This is none of those things.This is very dissapointing. Won't even convert fb into android format. Time for Dolphin!
Used to be great. Now just loads slow, a bunch of time outs and errors. Been a user for 2yrs! Now i use boat browser.
Usually display "server time out" after a long time loading the page, but the page still work on other web browse. Uninstalling...
Before a week it works fine... But now not working!!!!!!!!!!!
The worst app I've ever used for the internet! Absolutely horrible in everyway. UNINSTALLING!
Random force closes, speed dial ruined, can't switch momentarily to another app and back to opera mini without it completely restarting like I could before. So many server timed out messages recently too. Was five stars, now one.
I m not able to open certain pages.. It reports page not found.. But the same works on opera mobile. Luv opera mobile.. This one disappoints...
low speed uc browser is better
Bad..no exit
Had this for a day and it crashed every time I trued to use it.
Verybad Always.force closed
Over the last however long it's been out I've been used opera mini for ios. It generally was fast with no issues. Over the last 3 or so months it has become unusable on my old iphone and now android because it doesn't want to load any pages 80% of the time due to "server timeouts". Google doesn't go down, and my now other two browsers load the pages fine, so it's not my Internet. Not worth downloading til the opera back end is fixed...
Such an irritating browser,always gets force closed.
Really want this to work. My favorite browser for design and speed. Fails at logins, fails to launch links at times, fails at flash, fails to load pic
Not installed at all !!! it shoud be removed from google play.
On my LG Optimus T It keeps crashing and I keep on getting blank pages please fix that!!!!....
Its not opening at all. Please fix it. :S
It is not going anywhere after that installing screen (on galaxy not)
I juss used to love this browser bt now its so frustating.....coz it does not respond properly
love to use opera but this 1 is not so gud plz fix it
I like
opera crashes..everytime
Doesn't open anymore
this browser is bad now, uninstall
It tells me "installing..." but it doesn't move. Tried to delete it, then download it again. But i still have the same problem.
Gfgyggy
Used to be reliable.now it crashes all the time.
Don't Work.... :*)
Don't Work.... :*)
earlier it was cool..but nw after the latest upgrad..resulted in bugs forced closes...
Blazingly fast browser, the best I've found on the market! I've never found myself raging at my phone when using this app and that's saying a lot.
Pretty good browser, but getting way too many timeouts on webpages that my mxbrowser opens successfully
Great browser but please please next update have a flash player on it :( thats its only problem
Very nice
This app is a crap . It does not work . It crashes
Ad blocking buttons I need to be able to click. Overall it was pretty fast. The main site I get on I can't so uninstalling.
Good but sme tme its hang fix that shity prob
Hang
Wait and see
Used to be great, now pages fail to load or gets stuck loading pages.
It crashes and force close so often, please fix
App freezes up constantly or times out giving me "internal server error" on DROID X.  Used to be best browser app, now just garbage...
what devlopers are doing? why the 'Force close' and error page bugs are not fixed yet? Operamini was the best browser in its older version. why the quality is getting low and poor in new updates. Please devloping team fix the major and 100% frequency bug of force close.
Update ever
I love the browser when it works but more and more it freezes when I type and I am always having to force close and restart. It's not reliable and I can't count on being able to type any kind of message or email in it.
Crashes again and again.. :-|
This is the worst Opera browser I've used it used to be fast but now its slow doesn't load the pages and always crashes going elsewhere
It wont open at all, just shows white page and shuts down
Its not working the red bar is stacked pls fix it plsssssssssss
Still crashes on my nook simple (android 2.3) touch on startup when the welcome screen appears.
The new version doesn't work at all. It hangs on startup. Please fix it
please fix the problem it hang in installing since I made the new update Android 4
Thij
Constantly crashes, or freezes.  I have also started seeing a blank white screen take over the app too many times.
Installing for 1day and still installing....
Slower, more often crash, how could an update become a nightmare like this... Dammm.. I should read the review first...
And slick!
This app sucks it keeps installing left it for 5 hrs and nothing happened!
Why does it doesnt install in my experia Neo.. The loading bar stuck at 1/4 and nothing happen... Pls fix...
I use to have this app ... And ones i update it not working so i unintall and back to install again not working and puse in installing part
This is nice browsing on opera mini
Love it.
When I install opera 1st time, it work smoothly on my xperia u, but when I open second time, its show black screen Very very bad Please fix this because this is my fav browser please fix
Used to work fast like it promised and was my favourite until recently it gets stucked and doesn't load!
Very slow now.
I can not open any page
Desde la última actualización TELCEL se apoderó de ella, el motor de búsqueda por defecto es, porque no, el de TELCEL, que ademas de no encontrar nada en su propio sitio te relentiza las búsquedas en Google. Los accesos directos del "Speed Dial" están plagados de publicidad de, una vez más, TELCEL.  En cuanto vi publicidad de TELCEL la desinstalé sin dudarlo, me quedé con Dolphin Browser® HD. Se van a quedar sin usuarios si siguen pensando solo en el dinero.  Galaxy ACE. Telcel
It used to work just fine. But after the last update, it doesn't work anymore. And it seems that the developers don't even care. Uninstalled
After using this opera i got very much disappointed...previously it worked fantastic but now it's became a joke.....works very slow...uninstalling it right now
Feels like developd by a local company :( CRASH EVERyTIME :(
Force close
Best
good,but closing automatcly
FREEZES AND CRASHES LOT! ITS SO FRUSTATING!
Dont download not worth of time.. Slow nd crashes download
Used to be the best and fastest but after the update its just a crap.Going to use Maxthon browser
Crapshitter... On download if my screen once locked... Download failed...
This app doesn't even deserve one star! I'm being VERY generous. Don't get me wrong, this app used to be the best but right now its complete and utter CRAP ! I should have never updated! Smh
I love the browser but I hate that it set Telcel as it's default search engine and to make things worst you can't take the search engine off. For that I am uninstalling.
Its creassing, shutedown often
Good
I can't do any thing with it
the worst browser,although it fast but it have too many bug: connect failed,cannot access many website that other browse can,cannot report bug to server
Used to work PERFECT. Now closes for no reason. Pages don't load completely or at all. Uninstalled and installed opera mini next. Much more stable. So far...
New update is terrible. Has resulted in the browser turning off after about an hour.
Had this browser for over a year. It was the best but now constantly crashes. PLEASE FIX!
can't run YouTube, Facebook, tumblr, PayPal, or generic videos properly.	At least it's fast and uses as little as 1/10 the RAM of other browsers. But considering that it advertises running Facebook it should be more than 0% able to run it in desktop format, which it isn't, no matter what. It's not even proper Facebook mobile, it's the kind you get on a flip phone.
crashes every now n then
Very good interface but unusable because it doesn't support text reflow! I am really taken aback as all browsers these days come with text reflow.
Cannot install
At begining it was really good but now crashes down, hangs and whenever I minimise it and then open again my all pages which were open gets lost..and now because of some Data thing I can't use it..Disappointed
It's such a bad application
This update is not a update its a backwards step! Bring back opera 6 please
Ded...
Wen i exit d browser to view an msg or email d downloads gets crashed or disappears had to start tht again... Need a fix for dis..
not able to download any videos pls fix
Opera mini completely stopped functioning for me this week. Uninstalled and downloaded anew today. Now it won't even launch. Just a black screen. Nice.  Suggestions?  Android 2.3.4 on LG-970 Optimus Black.
On my samsung galaxy sII was working good after last update when I open it it give white paper say installing and keep like this and never open
This app has gone to hell... And apparently no fixes in sight...
Awesome
.
.
In my samsung galaxy ace it just doesnt download things if u come out from opera mini. It automatically stops downloading or shows error if kept on stand by. It can download music files bt large files like vedios n movies will b a dream that never e true for me.....it suks.
It doesn't work on my device which is galaxy s3
Its very slow, I use to love it and it was my main browser. Even on 4g its slow please fix.
Server time out, huh???!!
I'v re downloaded almost 3times cause pages r not loading while downloading  first it use to work great,plz fix it.
لا يعمل بالسعودية Not working in kingdom of saudi arabia
Opera browser now came down to 1 star takes lots of time to load pages.error loding page comes after every 3 pages bad bad
Not working
Most useful app for internet browsing , but its becomes a problem to operate when it gets crash again and again. I hope this gets resolved soon
Just wanna know why did it stop working in saudi arabia the browser is not working, trying 2 brows and its just stuck!! When uninstalling it then installong it again it just shows installing then it dony wanna install, did u guys block saudi arabia r wht? R is it all arround the world plz if sbody knows reply coz a wanna know and really aprciate it Thnx
I have the same problem as the last comment have
Crashes and closes without saving the open tabs
Aint what it used to be, sadness
Love This
Stopping on the installing bar doesnt open at all.
No work
No work
Why no proxies?!
After openings minimized opera it always crashes in my Samsung young cell.
After openings minimized opera it always crashes in my Samsung young cell.
It takes too long for me for the installation, I have left the app opened for an exactly half n hour and still no progress in the installation. I'm using Sony erricson Xperia arc s.
It is stuck on installing window. This sucks
poor connection
It dose not work on xperia s ics We want the old ver
Cant u add option for sharing photos while accessing facebook.
Since I updated it several times it started to give me error messages
Its stuck in saying installing
after the uptate it dosnt open it just say installing pls fix
After 10 to 15 minute use its close automatically
If we download more than one @ same  time  its become very slow and not work in all times
I really love it but it crashes all time, while zooming in.
Today it decided to randomly flash white screen when scrolling and now it wont even let me get on it. Keeps force closing. Very annoying. :|
Good
It doesn't even have flash, the webpages load fast but they crash after loading. I can't download things, and cant copy/paste things.THE LAST UPDATE IS CRAP. I used it before the update and it was the best browser and you guys turned it into crap with just one update.
Still no flash support, keeps crashing, won't even open pages, and ridiculously slow even on wifi! Nothing good here! Shame because this used to be the best by miles
It seems I cannot get past the installing screen after downloading the browser. I didn't have have this problem until updating the Note to ICS
Love opera browsers but they always seem to go haywire eventually, now ive lost all my important bookmarks and saved job applications coz it wont open, not amused :(
not working in saudi arabia and ME
It's even worse. Doesn't even open sometimes. Garbage.
This ones quite slow. I'd recommend using the opera  mobile instead. Although its bigger in size its worth it!!!!
Refuses to work properly on miui for the infuse. Actually it has had problems on multiple roms, including stock,serendipity and cyanogenmod. If it doesn't crash or open up to a blank screen, it's freakishly slow, much slower than any other browser even on hspa (faux 4g) with four bars of service. It's also almost impossible to download semi-large files without it crashing right when the download was about to be finished.
Not compatable with ice cream sandwich please fix
this application sucks! at first i like the features BUT recently it always FORCE CLOSE what im browsing and now i cant open the application pls. fix it..
Total crap doesnt load.
Bad layout for ldpi devices... 
Layout untuk v6.1 lebih baik dan lebih rapi... v7.x.x spasi nya terlalu renggang sehingga tidak enak untuk dibaca
It was way better before the update.. Now it's slow, laggy and buggy
It is the worst browser for android I dont know why people like it so much.. Try uc browser 8.3  for android then u will forget everything... It is the best browser for android.
love it Facebook much faster than their app, all browsing easier and quicker. galaxy europa phone
Crashes! And the server times out alwaysI-)
it crashes a lot. Nd sometimes download cancel at its own.
When I open opera mini after minimizatiom all my tabs and download are gone...
I very disappointed with update.. blank screen every website.. pls fix it
Need to update my rating.s...cuz its really bad now...CRASHES Alot...:(
last update very poor perfomance.its slows down my mobile
No flash
Im stuck in the install
Totally useless after update. Will not run at all on HTC Incredible 4G.
You want download again and again and again again again ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Wrost update!!! Opera used to be my best option for fast browsing...but after this update it became very sloooow....and it crashes alot X-(
The upgrade just destroy the value of opera...restarts,,slow,,crashes,,just very bad ranking goes 5 to 1... Galaxy Sl Still crashes...after update Still crashes 30/04/2012 Again crashes on 7th May 2012. Opera crashed 10 times today...wt are u thinking...roll back to previous version...it was great before Still crashes developers... U have ruined opera..ur staff has just messed up the app... Very very bad Hoping for negativity...not worth of even single star now 7.0.3 still crashes... still very bad response
Its quite good at times but it freezes and crashes alot and large downloads take forever or dont at all dont waste your time with this
Nice app.
Really bad update! On my both mobiles: HTC Desire HD & Sony Experia S, after opening the app it says "installing" and freeze for ever ! Uninstall & install again... the same problem.
It doesnt work. Its a total waste.
emee
Crashes daily. About every 1-2weeks you have to uninstall and reinstall. If I wasnt required to use this for work, I'd delete it and have no regrets.
If you have low signal and are trying to use this it wont work because you will get a server timeout error in about 10 seconds which is too fast imo.
The app seems to lose internet connection so very often although the connection itself is good and the other apps connect without any problem
This browser cannot initiate internet connection on its own, so it is very very hard to browse sites, unlike on other browsers, including standard one! although I use Opera for many years on my desktop, oñ Android 2.3.4 this is a really bad experience! :-(
It is not opening in galaxy y
When I install this app and open it the app is installed again and shows a freezing red line. Can you solve this problem quickly please. Because this app is very good in the past, but we want it better in future. Then I give you 10 stars not 5 only.
Change log should say "We implemented a few new bugs"
Does not work! Uninstall.
It crashes a lot on my Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus! Very frustrating when you are typing long posts and then it suddenly crashes!
M using Galaxy S2 Plzzz.... Fix this it crashing on firmware version 4.0.3  Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.....give fix update urgently..
This version won't load more than 3 pages, after that I'm forced to restart the phone to make it work. Happens no matter which android version I'm running. Boat browser mini is way better than this.
Really baaaaaad
When i try to download this browser, it said "Cannot install on phone or sd card". I have sufficient memory and as we all know , this browser doesn't reach 1mb . I don't know if others experincing tis but pls fix it . -S. Galaxy Ace.
Stuck at install screen. Android 4.03 SGS2
Bad
it doesnt even install the old one was good. plz have it fixed soon
So bad
Very bad update......what are you doing guys???? Pls fix the issue as soon as it possible...
after the last update it became useless as its unable to connect to the network
I loved the old version. This new update is bad. It keeps hanging and going back to the same page even though I had already typed another web address. I miss 6.5 . So upsetting those who havent update. Dont.
Bekar
Really bad update, please fix it.......!!!!!!!
This app is the crapiest thing ever. Always crashing fix it plz
Some times it does nt work
Some times it does nt work
Good
This was my favorite browser but probably at least once every 20 minutes when I open a new tab it says "the server failed to respond" and then no pages load at all. I try to refresh doesnt do anything. I close the browser reopen and everythings fine until it freezes again. multiple reinstalls and still does it. Was way better before the most recent 2 updates. Id do 0 stars if it would let me
Its not working on ics
I can't use the opera browser after the new update, 4 reals.when I open the browser it only says "installing"...what's up with that  :/ It was workin well...what was the update for? -_-
Constant server timed out warnings. This is really getting old.
Wont load on sgs2
Thought it was impossible for a web browser to be as bad as this, very slow at loading pages even on fast connection, keeps reloading the same page you're already on when clicking on something, and thats if you ever get a page to load in the first place, without getting "the server timed out" errors.
Bad update
freezes n closes abruptly..aftrr update..
D best browser by far but need flash plzz n also really poor performance on my tablet
wast app
No download possible now .do smthng guys ............oh common.
Cant download anything usin dis browser
Update plz
I used to use opera all the time but the recent update has made it unreliable. It frezzes for no reason. If I didnt have task killer then I would need to reset my fone. It just crashes at the worst times. u get white screen and u cant access websites. For all u new users, dont even waste your time untill this is fixed.
It doesnt run the countdown that appear before downloading files... It is just a waste
worst app in the market .earlier it was my favorite but now ehwww.  :-(
Every time I leave the app to the home screen or something else my downloads disappear and the browser goes back to the home screen. Never had this issue before the ics update
The browser just got cursed or something... it doesn't even load.. please fix the problem & Asap, thank you
It won't install no matter what
Whats wrong with the last update....it crashes in every 5 minutes....fix it ASAP.....you got so many negetive comments from last 2 weeks.......r u guys out for honeymoon or what........lost my cool with this
Renders pages in such crazy ways... Altering settings helps for some websites and not others. Opera say it's bad markup on those sites but they work fine on every other browser. This is an over rated, hyped up piece of junk.
I l I k e
this app never went beyond the white sctreen that contains "opera installing" even when i tried to reinstall.. big fail.
Worst update of all apps i think.. Every time it closes
My screen got blank as i have started d browser
It's always crash with no reason..
It's not working anymore!?
It didn't install
Crashes on installation. This was unexpected !
Horrible update, and it tends to crash every three hours!! It was so much better when not updated! It really Sucks!
It is most low catagory browser.donot use it  main browser. Crashed all time. Download system is most low speed. Use opera mobile or uc browser.
Good
Really bad update. Taking too long to open a page. I thought it's my net connection isn't working. But... Urrrgh. Miss the old version.
I download it, install it to have to download it again get stuck on an install screen... Wah?
No oben
can past installing logo
Whenever i try downloading videos or music it takes forever to start or simply  fails..
Bad update.... I must say ...
when i open this app , i see only "installing" !
Sooo good
When I switch. It on it Will stuck on "installing"
U tap a link and the the other page appears, crashes many times,and sometimes can't open a page, bad memory management
The new update makes opera the worst app ever!!! Really pl don't update the previous one was d best!
Wont complete installing what should i do
Really not happy with this update on Samsung Galaxy S2, it seems to crash every few minutes. They've gone way over the top with the fades and effects which is probably causing the crashing. Why release an update when its not finished! Bring back the previous version, don't fix something which isn't broken.
I don't know why I can't open anything with this browser. So I uninstalled it then download the program again but now I am stuck in installation phase..please fix it or remove it from the market...
Doesn't open
Doesn't open
The latest update is disappointing me. To open one site, it takes minutes. Please update soon. And it couldn't load any site, uninstalled. Please make an epic update.
Black Screen of Death on Sony Xperia P.
Why this app is not working in my galaxy fit
Wonderful app since i started mobile computing!!!!
Still downloading cant wait 
But I see alot of people complaining about it it will be a problem for a galaxy gio
Not working on my s2....not even loading.....sooo sad
poor speed for samsung galaxy y
It requires more memory & not much as efficient as uc browser.....
This version is terrible, many times crash and force close, please fix it asap
It crashes a lot, couldn't make it work again.... Was very good before update
the earlier version was much better..as soon as i pinch zoom any page, this version hangs...GALAXY ACE....pleaseeee correct it and update the version.
The worst scenario: it wont open at all on my sgt 7 plus since the last update.. Updates were meant to improve the performance not to degrade. What happen to the best web browser on mobile world? Guys, fixed this up. I bet you still wanna have that title aforementioned...
Really bad update.
The app is installing up to %25 then stops....its not working
It do not open any website at all, it gives connection error but other broswers are working fine, why opera cant?
bad update
Used to work fine on my Galaxy S, but doesn't work on my Sensation
i can't download it
i can't download it
This app was great till the update which ruined all the good work ever done doesnt open for me anymore *fix it*
This app was great till the update which ruined all the good work ever done doesnt open for me anymore *fix it*
I used to use Opera Mini, then tried other browsers and came back to try OM again and now pages load completely blocky and blurry. Happened with the beta version too. Uninstalled unfortunately.
the best becomes the worst...please...fix it...
Had been a faithful opera user for the past seven years. Now the app wont load after update. Uninstalled and installed app x 2.without success. Having great experience with Dolphin hd.
Has become very slow in the recent times...not loving it
When the first time I downloaded this it's very good work well. But after 2 days it always crash and forced closed and not work anymore.
Bad update...pls relaunch the previous version...
Useless update ....crashing again n again ....need new update .
what's this opera team ???? im using opera for the last 7 years.........but im sad that since many last updates it is crashing again n again.........and this problem is increasing with new updates
Its preety good than preloaded browsers
There's something wrong my opera, it can not open anything anymore, pelase fix...
Gets stuck in the installing screen
I cannot install opera on my mobile (galaxy sIII).
Bad update .. Past app was best
Usually so good but keeps crashing after last update and certain images fail to load. Facebook mobile site also buggy. On s2
Its d fastest n easy to use browser for mobiles.the only problems occur while i use operamini is sometimes images dont load proparly n it doesnt plays streaming videos n asks for downloading d video in some sites
It became slow and crashes.when I download a file... the screen gets lock the download cancelled itself
I just bought s3 galaxy and I  downloud it ! But it won't open Why?? From 5 to 1 !!! It's bad ... 6.5 the best
Forces close all of the time. Was previously working great. WTF?
Don't work on my galaxy S III
Its hang while installing.
Not good also
Not good also
Tablet: the worst thing I ever tried.
Ok
Crashes so often...rue the update...was better off without updating...never ever did the earlier version crashed...need to get rid of asap...no benefits against the costs (frequent crashes).
Hang on installing pls fix
I've always loved Opera mini but this latest update is dreadful. Crashes a LOT and I'm having to force close the app several times a day. Please fix!!
Very bad update
Very bad update
Very poor I hate it.....crash as a its nature..
useless..
do not start at all
previous one was better....tends to crash a lot...am not able to download stuffs as it takes a lot of time....please rectify them...
I hate the new update :( I want the previous version. This update has really bad connection
No desktop emulation No video Uninstall
Very laggy
Didn't fix the conection
When we keep on stand by while downloading that file goes closed not get completed file.
It does not open after it became 7.3 :(
keep saying .... installing
keep saying .... installing
Crashes every tym and does not load every web page
its not working
Very bad
So dumb ass hole,,,,,
Don't download it ,it fails at fitting pages go stick with dolphin
Used to have no probs for  years. Now for no reason (no added programs) it only works for a while before not doing anything when I try to go to a page.
This browser is the fastest and really good. The only problem I find is that it takes lot of time to start a download when using wifi. And download is slow whereas other browsers download much faster.
It is not work! !!!!
used to be my favorite browser with 5 stars. constant crashes and force closes are too much. please provide another update soon!
It's just not connecting at alll since the update..
Because...... In Saudi Arabia not work
After I formatted my phone I want to reinstall it,  I can't,  it says installing and stop right there  This new update sucks indeed
Not working..
I have used this browser for years and loved it but since last update it's horrible... slow and can no longer download some videos
I can't load even a single website. Uninstalling until the next update which will perhaps make it work...
crash many times when i use it.
slower than stock browser, -1 star. no exit button, -1 star. can‘t play flash & often happened connection error, -1 star. so you got two stars.
Bad on so many levels. Crashes all the time and does not let you scroll pics in FB. UNINSTALLED
I just get a blank white screen when I open it ! The updates seem to get worse each time... I used to enjoy using this before but I can't stand the crashes anymore...fix it please
i dont like this opera mini on phone just a bullshit one my rate for this app is zero..
Once using opera on my s40 device i hve dwnlded 100's of mb data without any failure,but in d android i cant even dwnld a 30mb file,without restarting it 2 to 3 times,wt hpnnd 2 u guys,pls fixz ittt
Not working in Saudi Arabia
Totaly useless i cant even install this app
It´s bad I can't update it
It doesn't work anymore in Saudi Arabia Please fix it
keeps crashing and closing automatically... i used to love this app before... :( now it frustrates me sometimes
Can someone help me? I am stuck at install phase and it wont install opera mini.wat shd I do?
Awesome, fast, and great UI. Way better than the browser that came with my phone. I wish i didnt have to download a video to watch it I wish you could just watch it straight off the browser. Still 5 stars though. Amazing browser! Thank you sooo much! (:
Crashes continuously... within a few seconds of launch... Running ICS
Poor!
If download fail no resume option and If I move to main menu and open other app and op it again  its open every thing again download are gone fix it Download speed slow
This update has made it lot slower. Before it was much more faster and convenient. Pls work on it.
I go on the market and it wont even download
Excellend
Worst web browser
Why cant i go back to previous version it was better. This version of opera is slower and crashes every 10 minutes. Zero star really.
doesn't open any page in Saudi Arabia it was perfect until the last update
Download stops when the browder us minimised... Very bad
I hv sony ericsson x10 android 2.3.4 but opera mini wont start after installation...its stuck on installing screen
Can not connect to any website!!
after the last update it's so slow and crashes alot, uninstall.
New update horrible for all Sony phones.... Pls add new fix asap or go to previous settings
The update fucked  it up! I can't even use it without it  force closing ! Come on ! Come on get it working again ! I rely on opera so much !
سبحان الله
It doesnt work on wifi.......!!!!!!!!!
Its hanging with installing....
why the hell is this not connecting
Bad update
I like
It always crash suddenly it self
Very bad browser
Very bad browser
It stopped browsing since i installed the last update
after this updates..it crashes alot..plss fix this...uninstalled opera n using mozilla nw..;-)
It completely closes all windows and downloads whenever I go to my homescreen. It's very annoying.
It floods start page with operator's trash! Very annoying for primary browser.
Not working !"!!!!!!!!!
Started off ok but now cuts off at will. Thats assuming it engages with other sites at all. Shame used to like it.
Bad is notworking
My Favourite Web Browser
Getting worse day by day...
Keeps saying server time out...crashes often
not good bt its too bad
Dnt waste time
Gak bisa kepasang gan???
برنامج يعلق عندي
at first my internet was fast. but after long while, it slowed down and it sucks!
But should add option to open media and not just download. The download doesnt even usually work
This appa really sucks
Browser not working when un  installed and re.installed it gets stuck after opening with the installation dialog
Cant open
I'm doubting about dev that are they seeing the reviews or not? They force us to go other browsers. But still I'm waiting.
Fcuk all..
Opera mini never used to crash the way it crashes these days. It's painful when you are middle of something and it crashes. You have to open all the windows again. Only plus point in new update is other language script support.
Do not work
When starting opera, it hangs and keeps writing "installing" and stays like that and it doesn't work
version 7 = constant headache
i have always used opera mini on every smartphone i ever had. but this time on my htc explorer it isnt installing, even after many attempts. now i feel betrayed :(
So bad update
The installing bar get stuck
Nigga plzzz no exit option
go to hell opera....aftr ur last update it force closes very very frequently
Hey dude, before I update the opera mini, it's work normally. After i update always crash (while reading comics with many tabs). But, before the update its normal. Please fix it
It dosnt install and cant open it
It doesn't work
Used to be my favourite browser. After an update, it fails to load. Uninstalling.
It was very good, but now :-S
روعة
it doesn't install when you download it so better to uninstall it
The best part of this app is tht block website are unblock
oh my god you broke opera.  I gave you 3 stars before because it crashed all the time and was  very slow now since this new update iv given you 1 because now it wont load nothing. Can't even load a single page. PLEASE PLEASE FIX.
This is bad browser not download a single song in one try every time it says connection failed use  uc browser its very good
poor update
Uninstall now
Gud
Ko update dc. Update la hong 1 so chuc nang.
after up date.. not responding....crashes allot.... reinstall it again and when installing it stop in the middle and crash..  it say... EROR can not connect to the server?!!!!!   befor up dating was great
Latest version is too slow. I am using speedy internet in all other apps in my Galaxy Y but opera mini surfing is too slow! Totally Boring while surfing through Opera! Plz FIX it..... :-(
Not working fix it ..
kitana crash hota hai yarrr very bad up dates.....
Help me opera doesn't loading page
Help me opera doesn't loading page
Fast but very slow.......
Its good but it make  pics look bluryy !
Look, if you really want speed in your browsing and can tolerate few evil crashes, it is the fastest browser in world, im saying it cos i've tried dolphin,maxthon,etc. In trends of speed it is best.
Look, if you really want speed in your browsing and can tolerate few evil crashes, it is the fastest browser in world, im saying it cos i've tried dolphin,maxthon,etc. In trends of speed it is best.
It doesn't even install . It sais installing and then nothing happens.
Force close fix it
I was pumped about putting a bite-sized Opera on my new phone cause I love it on my desktop... day two of using it (for only gamefaqs and 4chan) and now it won't boot, I gotta reinstall it now. Reading a few previous ratings I've noticed I'm not the only one this happens to. A fix on this BSOD would be nice.
Gh
I have a lot of problems with the latest update
Previous version was stable and faster. This one is slow to load n the screen blinks couple of times before opening any webpage. SGS
Connection error!! Please fix!!!
Opera was good earlier now a days getting trash
The toolbar as vanished for me wen I'm on a site was fine until the last update now it crashes quite a bit n the tool bar is just the tip of what as home wrong since the update
Opera doesn't work n Last....
Need to fix. It dosen't open anything. Please! I am a regular user, too.
asm
When I first run the program the installing bar is stuck.
Stopped working , wont even navigate just stuck there loading .
Why did he not work in galaxy s he is not insttal
It doesn't work any more fix it
I would give you no stars if I could. Coz after updates it doesn't work on my phone
The vary slow but I like it function.....?
Zero star after the update. I was not able to open any page. I tried every thing to fix the problem but never thought that the opera mini is causing it. I am sorry I had to uninstall and go back to stock browser
It works fine at the begining but soon crashes and screen goes blank the only way to get rid of it is through unistalling or clearing the data
Not working on SGS2 pleeeease fix it :(
Does not show direct link of the website you're on, on many sites, and impossible to copy and paste correctly
Diz app suck big tym! It always freezes wen tryin to connect to facebook n doent even download whatsapp. Damn man diz suck.
Very slow
always force closes
Worst update by far. I am downloading a other browser. Opera mini crash
Wow too fastly
Slow & unresponsive. I'm uninstalling.
The 7.3.0 update doesnt install  and jams.....the old update was better
Itz nt good sum tyms itz nt wrkng at all nd alzo so slow....
Good speed all site network i really like this opera web...
It was working good but now no :-(
It is not working now
Unable to install this one on my Samsung S2. Plz take care of this ASAP.
Fist it stopped downloading files now it doesnt even load a page, with mobile data it doesnt work !!! :@
wont even load google homepage. .been facing dis trouble since a few weeks now.
wont even load google homepage. .been facing dis trouble since a few weeks now.
Very bad update opera tend always to be the most amazing its now the worst installing stucks in the begining
Pressing a link up to 10 times gets to be annoying. Uninstall on moto triumph.
Doesn't even connnect to the servers for me PS - I live in Saudi Arabia if the developers want to look into that
It is not installing :/ ? Can anyone help plz
In the past was very god Start from today blocked in my country Bahrain so it's useless . I hope we could find a solution.
Why wont it install?
Worst app ever,search is not fast .network don't no where the hell goes Pages are too slow and not get properly. Disappointed app
was good but now stop working
Crashes all time
Crashes all time
Very pooooor ...
Js doesnt works correctly
After the last update.. opera mini became slower! And now.. it's not working at all!! Fix it please.
Not even installing :(
Not bad
Crashes very often.
It is not working  I have install 5days b4 but its not workinng in android
FASTEST browser on Google Play...using it from 2 years ..
Where are the zoom buttons? :-/
Don't compatible with android 1.5. Installed,, but after launch says _ "application unexpectedly closed" on acer110e
Its exxceleent
Too bad. Force closes after pinch zoom or any other gestures that needs multi touch.
Wtf..? Opera is not at all working on my phone..!! Especially after the ICS update.
Not even download
Must be safed application , that blocked Sexy sites
Older version is better
why that suddenly can't open this...is there someting wrong with your network.....
Used be great now it won't even open. the fat lady has sung.
This app sucks period.
Its realy a nice app. I think every 1 must try it 4r once
Past few days Opera hasn't been working tried everything even did a factory reset
It doesnt support WIFI, this application sucks
the latest updates suck big time...crashes too often & is sooo fu**ing slow!!!! roll back to the previous version :-[
Toooo goood.....
Why does opera keep forcing closing? Fix plz!
Now it just sucks.
People there is some serious problem it keeps crashing while opening webpages
First ...galaxy pop me opera chalta hi nahi hai install hone ke bad force close hota hai ......ye prob clear karo ....
..
Home page itself  does not open
Probably a bug but since the update it keeps crashing and force closing too many times for my liking...hopefully this can be fixed asap as I enjoy using Opera.
The best browser now is Dolphin Browser HD. The era of Opera Mini is over.
it sucks....
Wont work in saudi
Yes , earlier versions of opera have been better.  But the updates are dull., useless. Cant they fix the crash bugs. Its annoying
A new name for this app   Crash mini web browser
before the last update this was way better.Now it keeps on turning off unexpectedly.
Was my favorite phone browser until I tried it on my new smartphone. Now constant problems connecting and freezes during use. Will uninstall and try dolphin browser as I'm too frustrated with poor performance from Opera.
It used to work alright earlier but now it closes automatically after launching.I have tried reinstalling several times but it wouldnt change a thing.Please fix.
dev team nice job of turning a speedster into a dud.
Google instant doesnt work and its getting slower than when the app first started. And server crashes need fix/update.
And itss too bad when its crashes instead of working smoothly, its showing server timed out error also now.. I keep sending 6-10 crash reports everyday , best is worst now.  Its just really very very poor performmance. No amination for gifs, no video play, no flash support .. yukkks to opera mini now.
Downloads are not happening, kindly fix the bug with new update
Used to be great, now there are constant random closings and the cookies need to be cleared every 10 minutes or so or else websites won't load! Also just reloads pages when I click a link. Really needs an update to fix these issues! Please fix I don't want to have to use another browser, nothing compairs to the speed of Opera!
Auto closes on start up.
Crashes a lot and keeps fricking freezing! It hardly ever responds and just randomly turns blank and closes...
sucks after last update. what the hell
Doesn't upload images
This has been my preferred browser as it's so quick, living outside 3g means this is very important. But it stopped working about a week ago, now I just get a blank screen. I reported this a few days ago, but haven't had a response.
its too bad
its too bad
Couldn't view desktop version of sites....uninstalling..
Very slow to load pages please epera dev please fix this thing it very boaring it very slow sucks
force close no use
use to work perfectly for hours! crashes every 3 mins plz fix ! else a good browser
New update always force close
Chronically crashing, freezing. Clearing history, and force closing, andp restarting don't fix the issue..what happened? Uninstalling.
I thought this browser was great and used it for months but now I am tired of random connection probs and "no internet" errors while standard browser is working fine. Also doesn't support some message forms/text input boxes/java pages.
there was problem of downloading....nd its turn off automatically in my phn
itz too bad.. 3rd tym mee downloading this app dnt knw wats the problem vth this always crashes
Zte warp crash on launch. And from what I'm reading in the reviews here I'm not the only one.....sigh...
This used to be fine. Now constant errors when trying to load pages. Please fix.
It looks good but not connect to the internet pls fix it.so 2 * only
An excelent app, finally one that has TABS, the one thing that makes surfing and internet actually usable in real life, but the major problem is that it crashes often, and more often lately. Please fix it so that we can enjoy this great app!
Force stops  Sometimes automatically comes back to menu
G
Its so slow nowadayz. I dont know wats wrong wit it foreal.
I liked the previous version of this app...new version crashes on my device
This browser is not java enabled
not v.good bt better.. :-)
I m only unable to download VIDEOS other then perfect. It was working good before ics update plz fix
I can't download more than 20mb!!! Disapointed.
Everytime i leave the app on overnight the screen goes black
I was now having problems with this browser
This is the best browser app until it is always blank and close by itself. I can't even open it! Please fix it!
Used to love this browser. But now it constantly freezes, crashes, forces stops, and wont load. Needs alot of improvement.
I can't download a thing... I don't knw whats wrong with this update... Plz fix it...
Was good, now constant white screen lock ups when opening new pages and very slow. Going back to stock browser until Opera is fixed.
Awsum
Constantly crashing, loads super slow, never loads pictures. Also, when i click on a link, half the time it loads, and then when it's finished loading, just goes to the previous page.
Couldn't install on my mobile. It's old vergion was good.
Not bad
Unable to download
Danm slow browser
Keeps crashing.. Not happy about the update.. And its slower than ever..!! Please fix..!!
Previous version was batter. Crashed two times within a minute. Pls fix it.
Wht happens with opera!! I used 2 luv it but now it sucks..fix the blank page issue!!!
This is the fastest browser i found till now.But i updated to latest version ,it crashes when i try to zoom into pages and there r so much of lags in it..developers would have improved it.....
Ddh
Use Dolphin Mini now.
Crash alot. Worse than ever before. Last update gains 5stars
Great app....! !
Certainly become d worst browser u will ever come across
Very slow
No flash support and slow response
not impressed!!!
Crashes on my Samsung s3 which is a shame as I have used opera for several years
After updating it has got  worst....it crashes after running for few minutes...fix this soon please or else I'll have to install it crashes:)
Crashes all the time.
Za
Used to love this browser but after last update opera mini constantly freezing and slow to load pages, oh man..... 2 stars now
A great browser upon desktops but the recent update has made it to crash a lot of times in mobiles
Why does it randomly stop working!?!? Both on my iPad and on my Droid 2, browser will decide tob just stop trying to load pages and tell me my connection is dead. Meanwhile, Firefox and Safari both work fine...
Di hape gue ga bisa-_-
it was bug and crash on my galaxy mini 1. comes  ever minute : (
cant download anything anymore, CRASHESS like a b*tch every single time ..whyyy opera ? WHYYYY ?????
it's the best browser on Android... at least for me... until the last update... I always use it daily, but when I updated it, I don't use it daily anymore... it's still fast, but when I open it... it won't open it just shows a black screen... please fix this bug or whatever it is...
this was started on a not respoding page and leaves me no choice but to force close. it happened to me alot of times. so i had to reinstall it, after what i did i found out that there is another problem, when i try to watch video in some sites, it doesn't work so I have to download it. unlike the old version will apeare automatically in your android system to watch the video you desire. this app is getting crap. please fix this :-( i used to love your app but it is disapointing.
Good!
Downloading
The update 7.03 has trashed the app.
Opera 12+ versions are good compared to dis.....
But downlode so bad
Opera mini stopped working, it kept saying to check internet connection. Tried reinstalling but made no difference. It was a very good app while it worked though.
Unable to go to any site coz not getting connected at all :(
Jugal,ronak ko  laga
Very Slow..Boring..
Had this on Samsung Europa was working great now every time I try to go to web page on my nexus it says no connection which I do as I can use phone browser please fix folks.
Baddddd
Its very gud
No body on earth seems to care about our reviews .it's fast but poorest image quality..resuming in download not an option.I am not using it anymore ..my favourite browser once is just a useless trash.
This was my fave browser until some update. Now i cant read in either portrait or landscape unless i lock the orientation. If i turn my phone, ir just force closes.
I now enjoy this browser. Yes it still needs improving, yet I believe it will live up to being the best,one day. ..I think.Force closes to much
keep crashing on my htc one v. i used to love this web browser since i've my first handphone. But now, my opera always closed in the middle, crashing, blank page error. u have to fix it for sure!
Slower loading time than my default internet application.
Crashes a lot.
Thik thak not bad
Can't download more thn 1 at a time...and after resuming paused dwnlod wil fail...
This was the best browser, but when last time i update app, all time crashed, slow browsing...
I used Opera Mini for about 6 months on my DROID 2. Really liked it until a week ago, now I just get a blank page.
Mini used to be the only browser I would use. On an older android (HTC Hero) a lot of browsers are just too resource heavy and take too long to load, so Mini has always been perfect. This updated version has a new rendering technique that is slower, and now every time my phone goes to sleep,when I open it back up, Mini goes blank and the only way to get it working is to wait 5 minutes or kill the task and restart it, losing all of the pages I had opened up. Now I can't find a suitable replacement but i can no longer use this.   :'(
Not as good as the Android Browser. I loaded it because you can move it to the SD card but it doesn't play videos like the default browser or properly display many web pages. Also, it does catch all the links on some pages
Everytime I try to zoom in, thr app closes suddenly. Extremely irritating bug. I loved this app before this issue showed up. Fix this and also improve the speed. Not satisfied
It used to be ok but now its crap
I like the idea and saving money while on wireless internet. But of course it rarely opens when my phone is on wireless. Needs updates to fix many bugs that make it crash and fail to interact with certain links on pages
Nice appz!!! But there's a bit problem of it. Sometimes the connect got lost. . .and it wont work sometimes!!!!
Its not working on s2r please fix it
It has not enough downloading speed
Nice crashes frequently.....  Needs improvement... Modification i guess..
Not satisfied
If u use any other app while a video is gettin downloaded, the download stops not even leavin a trace of the link. So background downloading reqd.
No text wrapping even though checked. Booo.
This was great until the last couple of updates. Now it doesn't load pages and crashes sporadically.
Ugly interface...
Haven't been able to use opera for at least three days now, due to the constant freezes and force closes.
When a file is in download process and we switch to any other application or press home button, then all downloading files are stopped and also the downloading information of those files gets disappeared.. when the screen turns off the downloading fails.... Plz fix this bug.
Downloads can b resumed or started again if internet connection goes off.
when my screen time outs it starts crashing...... cant use for loging into facebook......:-(
giving up on this....
Love this Browser, It's always smooth. It's actually runs better the Androids regular Browser, the bad thing is that there's no flash, but It's not so bad because the future is HTML 5
Until it is always adding unnecessary bookmarks in my Start Page. it ruins my favourite bookmark list. annoying.
This was my best browser ever but now when i open it after downloading it doesn't finish installing and just freezes ... Plz fix it asap .. Galaxy S2
We can't put the download in the background while using other app It simply is cancelled!!
Slow to load pages, unable to connect to a hell lot of servers, gives garbled output on pages that should be easy to handle. And reloading the page instead of going to its target when clicking on a link. Need I say more? This browser was an impressive piece of work and now it's crap.
mesh zyede
Don't be to smart as opera is most smart than you now
Why can't I see full article in Wikipedia? Right side of the article is always cut off! FIX IT, FIX IT, FIX IT! I have Alcatel One Touch cell phone.
The new update is very bad.... Connection takes much longer time than b4 ... Appearnce also degraded.... Not so gud un multitasking( closes soon if minimized below othr app) 2/5
Does not respond properly opera 6 is nice new version is horabal
The Opera browser used to be good but now it's laggy.. Slow loading times.. Screen looks kindda crappy.. Medium font is too small for viewing on Galaxy S3.. Uninstalled..
Updates bugged it. Was the best but now 1 of the worst....Saadd..
The browser doesn't load some play buttons, and google images load half cut off. Please fix! Samsung galaxy attain 4G
Better working in browsing
Ijbuh
I'm done with this crap. It just keeps getting worse. And old problems are still here I'm switching to mozilla
Great
Connection problem is too much.
I have used it.. It was good before... But now it horrible... It is Slow, force close when multiple tabs r opened
But now it doesn't work so good sometimes it will stop working please fix this.
Used to work fast before but afterwards it showed its real nature of working slowly so I unistalled it
Used to work fast before but afterwards it showed its real nature of working slowly so I unistalled it
I like it thus far,sometimes pages show error messages. Also when are you going run on the updated version of the mobile site of Facebook other than this I love it. Update these things please thanks in advance.
When I try to open opera, all I get is a dark screen. I haven't been able to use it for days. Please fix it.
Blank pages, Crashing a lot please fix  that downloading error and more problem ????
if the screen is turned off downloads cancel and we have to do it again
The new upgrade does not allow me to download anything above 30 mb. It's a waste now...
Ok not bad
The last update sucks. Can't download any data more than 19mb.
It Doesn't Even Let Me Use It! It Just Closes By Itself! Please Fix! I Have Music To Download.
fix video lag and fore close and it would be amazing
Last update makes me crash constantly. Loyal opera user on an Asus tf says dl something else til its fixed.
Loads pages faster than any other browser, however constantly gettin "this page has been cleared to save memory" even if I have only one tab open.. Used to be able to load & keep "infinite" number of pages. Also getting "unable to load" screen+random crashes. All other browsers work as they should so it shouldnt be a problem from my end. Please fix this as I really enjoy the compression system. Also, even when I have images set to high quality they are so bad any text on them is unreadable.
FgjfhffCFFFFTttýwuuşhtşwaggsggshshantþğu.,ddssddđdşrþub
Browsing speed is awesome but not so good in downloading...!!!!!!
I recommended this browser for almost all my friends using smartphones but now its disappointing. No multitasking its closing fully when opening chat from notifications and become very very slow than stock browser. The only good thing is the compressing technology, take tat too away you will lose all your work.
Its totally defected..hangs so much 
The moment i open it and use it jst for 5 min.
it hangs completely nd leads to switch off my smartphone!!
Used to be real good & fast. It goes much slower & freezes a lot -.-
There was a time when opera ruled mobile browsing, I was a loyal opera user for 6years, and now I am forced to switch browser. Y u did so opera. U can't open major sites now, if open then in a non user friendly way. :-(
Suck..upgraded my 2.1 metroPcsHuawelAscend to 2.2.2..at first I could download when u tap it after pop up&click save for it to  download now I can't
Its a fast app but after the last update it keeps on crashing when i open multiple page of 4-5 at a time
Now it doesn't let me download large video files like it use to. Only files under 10mb. Crashes frequently :( . Use to be great though
Best
can't run YouTube, Facebook, tumblr, PayPal, or generic videos properly.	At least it's fast and uses as little as 1/10 the RAM of other browsers. But considering that it advertises running Facebook it should be more than 0% able to run it in desktop format, which it isn't, no matter what. It's not even proper Facebook mobile, it's the kind you get on a flip phone.
keeps on crashing/hanging. Very disappointed. Please fix this
This is just the worst update ever..crashes all the time..interface becomes slow in between..i'm gonna 'downdate' it right now!
Cannot install
Opera was great until the latest update where it seems to have become very slow and unreliable, although a couple of minor bugs have been fixed.
Crashes whenever and its taking so long for an update to fix these problems
Browser used to be excellent, but fails to load page frequently since last update
crushed all the time
This used to be my favorite browser, until now. Slow, or doesn't connect at all.
No
i love it
Its not so fast for browsing....
Google search doesn't works
It is Better but not best.
I think more advancement may have to be done in it.
I hope that more better opera will be introduced soon.
Soooo annoying.
Im using Opera Mini since I bought my phone and everything was ok until yesterday that opera get "Telcel" advertisements in the loading screen, speed dial and search engine  Speed dial gets Ads from "Ideas Telcel", "Plugger", etc.. And my old speed dials dissapeared without my permission   The search engine has changed by "Telcel" so i cant select Google for search engine and i dont have search suggestion in the box like before  And when I open Opera Mini the loading screen in the top shows the "Telcel" logo, its really annoying!!  I tried to reinstall but it didnt work  I think <ill switch to Dolphin or Chome if this not change urgently.
q
V.Good, recently am facing some problems
Was the best browser ever. Version 7 is buggy and unreliable. SORT IT OUT! Stick with 6.5 until then...
Doesn't work on my new Samsung Galaxy 3.
So disappointing, changed my searchbar options without authorization to my service provider's and keeps crashing. Moving to other browsers.
Web browsing good but downloading is very bad
gud but it is showing installing only.......
This app was a must-have for a normal Nokia Symbian phone. I thought it would work great on Android..but nope..it sucks...Crashes most of the time.. :( :O
great i luv it
Need to update my rating.s...cuz its really bad now...CRASHES Alot...:(
Hun
Whenever u try to zoom in the same page twice, it force closes and things have been going wayyyy down with.this browser
Need Restore last session option. downloads disappear when moved to another app and back. Xperia x10i
My HTC Evo V has a qHD display and this app looks horrible. Needs to be updated to take advantage of modern phone screens.
Won't even load Facebook. Google search goes faster than this.
Downloading is a problem
Thought it was impossible for a web browser to be as bad as this, very slow at loading pages even on fast connection, keeps reloading the same page you're already on when clicking on something, and thats if you ever get a page to load in the first place, without getting "the server timed out" errors.
Superb
Awful  Dont not install
A dazzaling broweser
not bad..
Guys im really dissapointed...what has happend to opera it crashes several times nd 2nd connection jst slows down the browser alot plz guys go thru the problems and update soon...i jst cant prefer any other browser than opera plz guys look into the matter....
This was my favorite browser, recomened to friends and family.  Since the last update everyone I know who uses it is complaining.  Mine will not even connect to the internet and it removed my keyboard.
Crashes always
This is the fastest browser on android but it's frustrating to use because of the many problems it has compared to the android stock browser. The websites I visit just don't work properly with Opera mini. For example, it won't let me type replies on some forums, or videos don't work. If the designers actually did their jobs and fixed these problems it would be the best browser on android, but I've used it for a while now and nothing has been done to improve it.
It says installing but nothing happened, it is the same problem with my black berry and my iPhone.
The app won't even launch properly on my S3 - just a blank white screen - serious step backwards! I've had to revert to another app. Somebody sort out ASAP!
Good browser but don't support flash player
Crushes constantly, used to be great but now probably the worst app I have on my phone.....
Its gud bt whenever i try to search something on google, it asks 4 security question again and again........
After so many updates,it has gone good to worst. Force close,phone restart,slow loading-u name it. It is forcing its fans to shift to other alterntes like dolphin which are simpler and faster..a good product wasted by developers
used to be great, but dolphin beat it.it doesn't play flash on my ics tablet
This app was so useful but now when u open the main page and try browsing the loading gets stuck forever. Uninstalled then reinstalled but when u open it tries to install but that's stuck too. Fix plz
Painfully slow!
Plz update this ASAP, It literally doesn't work anymore. For some reason, it can't connect to network.
It was really good but pictures wont load anymor3:(
Teri meri kahani
Cvvbbh
cant see d button images
cant see d button images
Its d fastest n easy to use browser for mobiles.the only problems occur while i use operamini is sometimes images dont load proparly n it doesnt plays streaming videos n asks for downloading d video in some sites
so stuiped no flash player  but still its good
Terrible javascript ability. Can't copy text correctly. No ability to zoom out further than 100%. UI is terribly buggy and slow. But sure saves airtime.
Tablet: the worst thing I ever tried.
Ok
could not download anything using this browser thats my  only complain
This app is good for me, but why now I can't open this? Fix it, please!
keep saying .... installing
nice app
Lite is needed
Ever since it updated it crashes and a lot slower than before.
having problems with flash videos
Text wrapping is not working
I can't install it on my mobile ,any help ??
What a joke!!! The newer the version the worse it is!!! Constantly locks up and has to be shut down and restarted!!!
OMG! I can't download files using this Browser!
Very fast but downloading is not safe.
Freezes n crushes all the time  :(
After upgrade my galaxy mini from froyo to gingerbread 2.3.6, only this apps seems to crash on regular basis ....
Crashes everytym i zoom in... Used to perfect before recent updates
i've installed this app on my device..... its fast..... but crashes unexpectedly and also doesn't support html5 and flash player, the stock browser in my device has these features.... i'd request the developers to fix this too before the users decide to go with their stock one which does quiet decent job.....
Really good
Had this browser for my lg rumor change phone to a smartphone but the recent update is horrible  I wish it was as good as before...now the pages will not even load
This program initially seemed a good alternative to the stock Android browser but quite a few sites I visit were showing up poorly (crushed over to one side) but worked fine in Android browser. Also there seemed to be Flash related issues for some sites, again Android browser didn't have issues.  While the speed increase is welcome, the faults unfortunately outweigh this.
It always crash suddenly it self
We cannot download larger files...please bring an update to this as soon as possible...we all are depending on you.
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Somehow forced itself to update, despite being set to manual. Update as bad as others have said. App very temperamental, often decides to remain as a blank black screen instead of opening, crashes often, also still problems with word wrap correction when rotating orientation.
Great
Use to be good.. But now it doesn't load all pictures on several pages.. Please fix
Need multiple account login to gmail and other accounts.
not good enough..
It doesnt get past the installing page on the first starting !
It doesn't install on my ICS Xperia s
Slow as hell and it wont allow u to watch youtube
Slow as hell and it wont allow u to watch youtube
Very slow downloading
Gud
It doesn't even install . It sais installing and then nothing happens.
This is great for downloading videos
I was pumped about putting a bite-sized Opera on my new phone cause I love it on my desktop... day two of using it (for only gamefaqs and 4chan) and now it won't boot, I gotta reinstall it now. Reading a few previous ratings I've noticed I'm not the only one this happens to. A fix on this BSOD would be nice.
I was pumped about putting a bite-sized Opera on my new phone cause I love it on my desktop... day two of using it (for only gamefaqs and 4chan) and now it won't boot, I gotta reinstall it now. Reading a few previous ratings I've noticed I'm not the only one this happens to. A fix on this BSOD would be nice.
Was more stable in the past, nice features when working.
Always the problem comes is with downloading.. Always i want to uninstall & reinstall this .. Plz fix the problm of downloading..
Installed on my droid pro and loading times for just the google home page were really slow. Also crashes while loading websites. Went to cobalt universe and instant crash almost
Was working 1st time, out of sudden app forced closes, and could not be restarted..
Used to work till today, wont connect to the internet at all, attempted to reinstall, but after download and installing i open the app and start to install and it just hangs there,....
Freezes a lot
Sometimes stop working and exits automatically
Used to love it! Was my favourite! But from version 7.0 onwards it force closes throught a day! Mailed opera about this but no reply! I feel sorry how the developer is Killing a Great browser!
it fails each time i go back too the home screen. in either downloadin or loadin a page
Force close quite often on my xminipro
About watching Euro 2012 live.
New opera version... is having bugs..it keeps crashing ..it crashed almost 30times.Previous versions were.bug free.
They had no problem.
S 11:55 by 11:55am or by 8:55pm by 10 around 1mba Facebook ID ( long remember? click to edit ) :55 by 11:50 by 5:55
I want or more speed and download when failed not return that area. One's more start beginning that is very worst
Used to be gr8, but now it wont let download stuff, like games, vids, and apps
This app sucks period.
Force close 5 times a day  Old version is better
Excellent app
I love this app from that day wen i got m@h mobile but now its too slow....... :-(
Now it just sucks.
Every time force cloes.....
Text is fuzzy. Pics take a few extra  seconds to load.
Best browser
its not as fast as it should and also have maximized frame which reduce screen size
It's closing automatically, some serious issue is there
Nice
On ICS there seem to be issues when you switch to other apps and then come back much later: the start screen is inaccessible with a message about it being unloaded to save memory. The only way to get it working again is to force quit the program from within system settings and launch it again. This is however only a temporary solution.
Why do updates make apps worse thesedays? Same problem as mas sergio...the whole paragraph is relative. If it aint broke dont fix it!!! Couple months back i had NO problems!!!! Crapp. Update 23/5/12 and it just got worse. Wont go to pages im trying to view. Blank white screen instead of a site lol terrible! 25/06/12 Loading blank pages and taking long
There s no exit button.....
I don't know what y'all did but for the past month or so this app has been terrible. I loved it before now it freezes or does a weird scrolling thing and the navigation bar disappears. I have to force close at least 3 times a day. Please try to fix it.
Always crashes... I'm trying to view websites. How can I do that when this app sucks?
Itna acha version ni h
opera mini was working perfectly until past two days it keeps crashing when I pinch zoom any web page. please fix this issue.
good this aps ..very faster
Used to be great, now there are constant random closings and the cookies need to be cleared every 10 minutes or so or else websites won't load! Also just reloads pages when I click a link. Really needs an update to fix these issues! Please fix I don't want to have to use another browser, nothing compairs to the speed of Opera!
lot of fc's, sucks.. please fix
Please fix.. text not appears in my devicess ....   Samsung galaxy mini cyanmod
I just love this app!!
This was once my no.1 browser but now? Loading becomes extremely slow, not to mention I've got to refresh it for countless time until the page is fully loaded. Sucks!
قال تعالى (ومن يعمل مثقال ذرة شرا يره)
This isa chit app
I wish my phone was compatible with Chrome.
not work tf101 for wifi from linksys but still work from wifi by HTC one S hotspot	tha't it. however it work fine on my htc one s
Very good
Ok
It's an gud app I lovd it but some times it will suddenly gt auto force close....again I have install it...! Pls try to solve this issue if this prblm gt cleared ill gve *****
Always a problem in downloading.rest all works well.
Not bad
Good but not the best
itz too bad.. 3rd tym mee downloading this app dnt knw wats the problem vth this always crashes
When we exit opera download gets cancalled plz check it.
Used to be the best browser..... But now, its being a crap!!crashes,forced closes and responsive has gone out on a,vacation....do something...man.
Now it won't even load. White screen, then back to the app or home screen.
gtting slower whn v compared to before...
Olkdmuddd
VERY BEST
Uninstalled and installed dolphin mini and sites work just fine. I like the browser though.
Most significant and most disturbing downgrade: 1) Loses all my loading and loaded pages when i leave the app, even without quitting; have to go thru history and re-load everything. Granted, not all the time, but most of the time. Very frustrating.  2) Does not show italics; very disturbing when reading articles.  New update with real updates soon, please. Thanks.
Star
Star
its gud app.g
Perfect
Its so slow nowadayz. I dont know wats wrong wit it foreal.
Its fast....
Force closes again n again
this is the great app.for android users but some times display white web page this is the draw back for app
Nycccccccc!!!!!
Avg
This is an ok browser, pretty fast, just loads the most compressed version of a page possible and a lot of sites won't load that way. It reminds me Of the standard metro pcs browser that comes standard on there cheaper phones but it's good if that's what you are looking for. Over all not to bad though, easy UI and looks pretty good too
Too good
Honestly I used yo really love this app two phones ago but when I installed on my optimus v it would force close and randomly go blank after about 3days of good use...I'd uninstall /reinstall and same thing.  Without crash I'd give a 5
this is the application i use most in my mobile but after the latest update it crashes and crashe all the time.. screen goes blank and after few seconds it crashes. please do something its annoying...
Address bar does not have a search button, but browsing experience is great though!!
What ever we download it never download hepl
its good loading pages fastly
stuck when download file bigger then 20mb! anyone have problem like this too?
This app is Continuesly crashing, please remove this problem.
Tends to force close when I enter text, and it doesn't often show recommendations in that little Google search bar. .-.
Google many options not supporting in this browser
..
after last update this browse is terrible, it's losing conections all time
خیلی خوبه
Couldn't install on my mobile. It's old vergion was good.
S3 rox
Used to work gr8 but crashes often. Must reset the data usage to 0% regularly for it to work properly Wildfire S
When I open this app after minimising it for minute, it restarts. It doesn't remain open when hidden while opening other app. Please fix it.
Fair but not downloading big files
I cnt download file above 14 mb and downloading speed is very slow
Work fast
Auto closed in Galaxy Pop
App crashes..plzz fix it
Fast easy to use browser but force closes on a regular basis. Would be 5 star app if it were reliable.
Not bad
Find
Jabardast !!!!
I don't know what is wrong with my browser. It used to work perfectly fine and now it tells me that I have connection problems. My whatsapp and everything runs perfectly. I installed it again and now the red bar of installing is stuck. Please fix this asap.
When opening app speed dial appears first trying to load previews before going to the opened tabs. This takes time which is a nuisance.
Its a great aaplication but its toooo slow and their no good features like extra websites and all things
thik he
Fast.... but can't download zip extension files... though other than this it is perfect.
Like that I can copy & paste from here … not thru my regular browser.
A great browser upon desktops but the recent update has made it to crash a lot of times in mobiles
Does not load pages at all!
Nice
Nor like  Bgjbfjxvvc
Awesome..
Thanks
how come i cant instal it to my samsung galaxy
It is good for browsing bt not good for downloading..nd shuld be fixed excpt downloading it is a very good browser rather i wuld say that it is best for browsing..)
Im lovin it
Its fine but hanges frequently.UC is doing far better than Opera.
Nice
Nice
Dont let me write password on hotmail..
Excellent browser bit crashes quite frequently....will give 5 stars wen that prblm goes away.... Using Samsung Galaxy Gio
Not good
The application is always not responding if I try to open it again, I find it blank and it does not respond to any command forcing me terminate opera and re-open it. Frustrating because I love Opera. This needs to be fixed.
Not so powerful in saving up data usage
i liked its previous versions better
No longer supports windows live logins
Speed have been decreased and does not open some sites. Frustrating!!!!
Best mobile browser but facing bugs like starting problem and display of blank screen when I revisit last opened webpage.if we leave opera browser than the webpage is closed unlike previous versions. Please improve
Rocking web browser
Love the opera mobile and mini browsers but this most recent version is very unresponsivew crashes a lot and is full of bugs. Much preferred version 6, though this version has a useful interface
Good aap
at times it does not work
its good not better
Shut always unexpectedly
Will not access internet  even tho I have a working connection.
Although it is fast but it keeps flashing white screen which is very annoying. What i did was that i have now installed vodafone opera mini which works fine. Only thing is that its homepage is set to google uk but it is no problem.
it's a  amezing app:-D:-D
b4 it was my favorite but now became crap..... I'm unable to open it now.. I'm downloading it again n re installing hope it will do ..
Bleeding thing keeps glitching on me, saying no network connection when I know there IS :-(
good browser but it doesnt start now.
Ver 7.0.3 is not good.. crashes as soon as the screen gets locked and is unlocked... whatever page is open before locking...gets lost after unlocking.
bt nic .... plz reset the setting
It used to b gud browser. But its total crap. It succks now. Its force closd wen i open mesags or ne othr app frm notification bar. Somtimes screen goes white. Whats happnd ? Pl fix.
When you click on something it will usually reload the page.  It will usually take you 2 clicks or more.
Struggles to display some webpages correctly once zoomed and also its not as fast as dolphin so only 3 from me!
Like it.
I m so like opera  But this update is not bug free I surfings net opera brawse is force close any time Plase fix this bug.......thnxxx
Working good... But downloading problm..
The browser was working fine. Its fast, interface is pretty good looking. It was the best browser I hv seen so far. WAS. But since yesterday its been crashing, whenever I open it, there's just this black screen. I tried reinstalling, still not working. Fix plz!
Should improve
Why do I have to kill this app via a task manager every time I come out of it?
gud but there is no option to resume the downloading and u have to restart it.
hangs all the time with update
Really sick of crashes... I'm using app from six years... Its worst problem with recent updates.. Is there a lack of technical skills!!!! Borrow some of our indian software engineer....problem will be solved in minutes :) Guys hope u'll come up with great solution....
browsing is good but downloading is very bad .UC Browser is good than this in downloading. Try to make a browser having both downloading & browsing faster.
Seems that the government in bahrain has blocked your servers. After installing it from Google Play. It tells me please check your internet connection.  It would be highly appreciated if you can change the download link to another ssl encrypted one (https) so the government can't block it
Just love it
Automatically crash sometime. otherwise working fine.
Quit adding quick links on my start page with each update. Very annoying.  UPDATE: now you're adding quick links without updates. Please stop! I'm about to head to Dolphin.
This was the best now just white screen ..... don't mess with a good thing...
Poor when I used it there was connection problem,not sexy  browser
Its not working on s2r please fix it
Luv ittt...hell it goes
I dont understand why opera is still active in the background when I exit it. Will you do something for that matter, that s really annoying. Besides, if I choose to activate the exit button, I am always prompt, with a Do you really want to exit? message. Of course I want to exit, stop hampering me to close your browser, I also use other softwares on my device.
3 rs
plz tell me how support opera mini web browcer samsung galaxy ace.i have no support my mbl
No text wrapping even though checked. Booo.
This version of opera mini was running smooth and fast until it started prompting messages like "Connection failed" "Could not locate server" "An error occurred while downloading" etc. Even when i tried to download Opera Mini again.. It flashes a message that Opera Mini couldn't be downloaded due to an error. (927)" ... Also whenever i try to download any file be it MP3 or any other, as soon as screen goes to stand by i.e. light off.. It prompts message "Download failed" What's this guys?!! Pls fix it soon.
I downloaded opera and it was grate suddenly it won't open any page i delete it and download it again and it gave installing and it won't open please fix
Tried it out and its great, but not having a share feature, like a menu button that connects to my social networking apps to post to them, prevents it from being used as my daily driver. Cool app though.
Great app
less responsive and it is back to the old problem (high charges phones credit when browsing big web) :( please fix it and bring back the old operamini low phones credit charge.
awesome, but its not as fast as it says at times and not very money savin'
its good for porn but has problems
Download speed is very low,Some times error.Some download,the page is not loading
But sometimes black screen
Too slow downloading
was better before.....now shows error whilendownloading can't downloadba thing plzz fix it....
You'll wonder how you ever managed without it.
Fastest but quality not good!
Slow to load pages, unable to connect to a hell lot of servers, gives garbled output on pages that should be easy to handle. And reloading the page instead of going to its target when clicking on a link. Need I say more? This browser was an impressive piece of work and now it's crap.
Nice app
Good for browsing ... not for downloding...
Nice app and work very greatfull.
opera mini used to be the fastest mobile browser i experienced but this last update it hangs n get crashed after 2 mins ....just hate it
its not working on my galaxy s2.after installing he will not loading..
Should perform better
need to improve on mobile sams gal y
nice but sadly crashes sometimes please this issue
why is it every time i change my fonts the app needs to scan for collect font data with need like half an hours periods! such annoying and wasted of time
Best browser !!
Takes too much screen space with the top bar. Hides the real system bar for no reason. No real benefits over Google's browser.
Its good for fast browsing
k
But may improve download faster...& also download crashes.....
It is faster and better than Samsung stock browser, but lately, it stutters when I try to zoom or scroll the page.
Butu matyt ne opera jei pastoviai gerai veiktu..3balai
Check mail
Off late, serial downloads taking longer time, which keeps increasing with each file. Also, downloaded files disappear...More importantly, frequent hang ups & forceclosures.. pls fix these...
Works fine until I open few more tabs... Crashes...!! Fix it pls...
Good but sme tme its hang fix that shity prob
No more exit button?
Super slow on my galaxy s3 my phone is the fastest phone and this is slow
Used to love this browser but after update it's starting to lose it's appeal and performance.
it crashes very much since the last updates!!
Need arabic language
Slower than stock browser.
It was the best browser until the update came.Now it force closes.
Currently keeps on opening blank pages n says no network even when its there
Opera mini is wonderfull
I usto love this browser! But then it started crashing and force closing.freezes a lot too. Sadly this app is not doing very well. I went and downloaded Dolphin web browser and its just amazing its fast,no freezing,easy to use! Hope opera mini fixes soon :/
Browser loads fast and saves alot of data usage but too many force closes and page hang Ups. Have reported several times. Most of the time you have to kill it and restart entire browser. Too many bugs.
Goid
It works good
No minimize option for dis browser even if i lift d call d tabs are opened again and not save d previous page. i v exit d browser before closing/minimizing i have paused downloads and again i opened d browser and shocked 2 saw that all my downloads r erased bt best thing is web pages faster than any other bro i hav used
Used to.love it..but it has started tp close every now and then..pretty bad from opera
Very Gud browser!!the only one thing makes me to shift to dolphin is download gets f*cked if screen goes off...
crashes every now n then
Kumar
Used to work stable but now it constantly hogs the CPU and drains the battery.
Not better den uc.
Used to be good but now crashes and i have to switch me cell off.fix please.
Browser Is good but It gets crash every time Without any reason and downlod can't work when it is on standby
I'm scared to update because I only this browser and know how good apps get ruined.
Since the last update operamini starts to suck. It was much better. Now it crashes so frequently that i use the native browsers. Please do smth.
not so good ..
Mast
The update is a fiasco... Downloading stops when the app is in standby mode.. Fix it please.. Otherwise it will be enchantingly nasty.
r
Keeps hanging after I updated it recently. Fix it. Was otherwise an excellent browser.
Okay
The pics I dwnld dont have clarity :/
There is no option to view pages in full desktop (Facebook).  I don't want to use multiple browsers.  why can't one browser simply work fast and have the necessary options? I can get to the Facebook main page, but when I get to my page, it redirects!
m having crash problems on my galaxy S... Pls fix it
Love This
It redirects me to mobile site even when I type in urls for desktop sites.
It used to be very nice, but it started to get slower and slower each new update. I don't like that. It takes seconds until the first screen shows up.
There is a problem I have Sony Xperia and while launching it takes much time
Superbbbb surfer
C
don
Nice
Most user friendly interface of them all...but keeps crashing every now n then! Sort this out guys.
Most user friendly interface of them all...but keeps crashing every now n then! Sort this out guys.
Was good earlier but after the update it hangs every now and then.
Any thing cannot be downloaded please fix this..
it force closes after every fifteen minutes. Otherwise it's great. Best mobile browser ever. :) <3
Needs to fix force close while multitasking and lock the phone
Works ok in my Casio commando. Not worth the download though
Great App. Sometimes crashes/ restarts, appears to be related to too many tabs open. (That was my original review).  As of 19 July 2012: This would still be my favorite browser as it is the fasted to load pages and images.  However, it crashes very frequently now with just one or two tabs open, many of the pages that I visit frequently no longer load (i.e., show up blank) and I am frequently getting "page cannot be found" errors now, when I did not before.  I always submit the feedback when the browser crashes, so I hope the recent changes that caused this become corrected soon.
downloading usually shuts off when phone put on standby...
OPERA NEEDS A FLASH PLAYER CAUSE IT CANNOT PLAY VIDEOS ONLINE!!!
Worked awsome untuil last update...now freezez force closes and is slowwwww
It used to be amazing.. now it takes forever to load.. if it even loads!! Fix?!
uc browser have great speed as compaired to this browser. its browsing speed is very slow.
uc browser have great speed as compaired to this browser. its browsing speed is very slow.
it crashes a lot. Nd sometimes download cancel at its own.
Good app.  bcoz of its speed in low connectivity. It crashes more frequently on my galaxy s plus. Plz fix it.
Good
Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server Problem reading from server ...very dissapointed.
In some web pages i am not able to scroll right left
Whenever u try to zoom in the same page twice, it force closes and things have been going wayyyy down with.this browser
Slow update........
B
When i open the app it doesnt install .... Help please
This update doesnt seems to work propers too much hanging n buggs fix it very sliw download speed in this browser n no option for resuming
It keeps freezing, but other than that it's awesome.
My facebook is not opening on it..while it is opening ob other browsers.
Its good but not best
Its good and very light but downloading speed is really poor!!
after the last update it became useless as its unable to connect to the network
Cool... Smooth..... But getting some problems in downloading....
Amazing
in url bar, type in url and tapping on list of suggestion url always nothing happen. long time bugs.
Filling in forms is a nightmare... I have to submit an average of 3 times for accurate redirection. Kindly update as this is the best mobile browser ever.
The pages looks like on the pc...  Its not good in my opinion.
Good
Won't work at all today, just gets stuck loading. Default browser & other apps all fine, so what's the deal here.
Most of the time it hangs and slow download the internet connection..plz fix it !
Fix it ... it not working
But not browser start up
some times while using opra i cant search on google and makes it erroe
A dazzaling broweser
It is useful in opening some application. .
Very nice
Fail to browse by wifi when other browser can on my lg optimus one
Sery
Good
Update made it worse, still use it all the time. Its just frustrating
In some website,usually that contain picture pages(comic,manga), must press reload to load next page. If not, it won't load the picture,although the page number is correct. Not happen in  non compress browser. Also please make more selection for picture quality. High is good but too slow. Medium is faster but not stretched to the screen size only in the middle of screen.
Gets worse every update :(
tik ha
Best opera
Sometimes crash... That's boring...
Hangs in between without any reason..it was really good before last update
Like
Why oh why did this have to happen? Opera is now broken. I am sad, bereft even, that even the (crap) Internet app by Samsung is faster now. Bad times.
Very slow to activate network. Good thing is that it consumes very little disk space.
Chuffed
Having prblm in downloading stuff when ph is on stand by
What is d problem of dis browser when I kept mh fone in standby downloading cancels I luv opera but this is a trash!
This worked great before the update but of late the startup is excruciatingly slow although I do not have too many websites on speed dial. Disappointed. :(
This is a very good browser but it lost connection while downloading  So please repair i'll give this app 5 stars
I updated Opera yesterday and I realized I made a huge mistake. From my days of Nokia I have been using Opera Mini and I have had it on my Samsung Galaxy Y Pro since the beginning but this update messed up the browser. It freezes, gives a blank white screen and exits. Only way to get it working is by reinstalling. Devs pls fix this..Is there a way to downgrade it?
I love this app. Just wish it was how it used to be before all the updates. Fix it please!
This is the best browser I've ever used so fast
Up to mark
Opera apna aaukad gira liya hai bhai..
Swam
Download can't be resumed. It restarts. Which fucks
Sweet
Sweet
Good
as
Crashes too much...other than that...awesome...
Frequently crashes after update ..please fix..galaxy  551
Good browser but crashes when i switch tabs. Please fix
Makes you think a lot whether to download it or no..!!!
Too long to download
Crashed when I first installed it...!!!!
bad downloading speed, crashes alot and shows *Time out* error when i try to open a website... never had these prob b4.... bad update ever
After updating the application,  it turns that it really often to have request time out. It never happened before.  Please fix it
Why can't I install opera mini? We just need an another installation. Pls. Fix
Sooogood
Its best browsers bt the makers plz solve this problem of mine it crashes while saving a page,opeanig start page,multiple tabs are opened...it gets closed automatically
Kana
More indepth than the native Android browser
Will try
Notgood
Nice bt no download resume
But can't download fast
Am using opera mini from last 4 years. Never been this much bad :( Dissappointing.
Crashes frequently
Amazing
Nice !
EARLIER IT WAS GUD N I GAVE IT 5 STARS BUT NOW IT SHOWS CONNECTION TIMEOUT AGAIN AND AGAIN...
It is good but it creats problem when i download videos from this operamini
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Fast but does not support flash!!
It crashes too often, planning to switch to other browser.
Started off ok but now cuts off at will. Thats assuming it engages with other sites at all. Shame used to like it.
i love this soft. but sometime crashe plz fix it  otherwise its gd.
It's failed to manage downloads in d background
Sometimes it doesn't load pictures.. That makes me use the slow default browser..
Its worse after the update... Automatically close without opening..
In opera mini, we are not able to update photo. Its a very difficult task. Dont know why it happens but opera team should fix this problem..
Shakkeer
Fast and easy to use. Compresses data and saves on data costs but this also means that pages load quickly.
Despite the fact that this is the browser I use the most(don't know why, probably cause I used it on nonsmartphones) it seems to be less functional than the stock Android browser. Also it is very glitchy and needs to be force closed often. But pages finish loading faster, its easy to use and it conserves data.
Ever. Now keep re installing if I switch off my tab then opening it afterward. Force clossed often
Its good ....but simetimes stop working
Its very slow.... need update quick
Since two days Opera stop working in Saudi Arabia , It is general problem or special for my country  All Site not open and the message came "Unable to connect" !! Galaxy S to Android 2.3
Please check it up. Its not working at all since 3 days
Force close fix it
it's fast but usualy get hang .....my phone has to forcely stop it.. :-(
Very good
It's fast for browsing and downloads but freezes alot , try some other versions than this one :-(
Its an quite gud
Its an quite gud
Not upto the expectation...
Picture quality iz not gud........overall nt bad
Not bad
this is good but not a best browser.beacuse when i trying to download a file i see a error massage. that is oooPss this page is cannot working etc
there is a problem in this app it can't be open it was good before the latest update :(
But I would like to watch videoss but I can't on hear!!! Not worth itt
Not bad
I've been using this app for a few years, and now when I install it on my new phone, it "cant connect to the internet" to install. ??? Optimus V
Lately it keeps crashing and makes my phone restarted. Please fix
The only great thing about this browser is that it's Fast. That's mainly it. Often gives up with little connection and continues to ask for a "Retry". Sometimes the pages don't even load at all and it's newest problem - it will Not let me save images. Thanks to this, I have to deal with stupid Dolphin browser in order to save pictures. (I will say that Opera does KILL the Dolphin browser though.) Please try to make this a bit better.
Its was great at first but after awhile all it gave me was errors  N
Superb browser. But it shows black screen that triggers force close in Xperia u. Every time it needs to reinstall for browsing. Shows black screen after the first use.
Good app but needs a good downloading system,
Not so good.when ever I come out during downloding process,downloading disappear and downloading begins from beginning.
Do
Well its kinda gud browser,but i cant see the full website view no matter if my mobile is rotated or not, cant even scroll it to see the full view ... Disapointing thing to be honest ;/
I used to use Opera Mini on my Blackberry. It loads web pages so much quicker.. even in low service areas. However, since I have downloaded it to my Droid 2 Global, it tends to force close when I go to google something or go to a web page by URL. Please fix and then you will get your 5 stars. Thanks!
Nic
It's got a good format and everything but man this thing force closes like a dozen times each time I open it, and clears memory even more so. Don't get me started on the font data it seems to collect every hour that takes a good hour to finish
Off late I'm experiencing a lot of problems with opera, like many bugs...but the browsing is still great...hence 3/5...
Its a good app
Its very slow not ...download automatically fails when a call arrives
some erros when starting the opera
This APP would be better with screen cut
Its interest
Force close 5 times a day  Old version is better
Excellent app
I had been a happy user of Opera Mini till the last few days. Now, sometimes it doesn't load pages, and cuts off the page to fit my device's screen without me enabling Single Column View mode. Just cuts it off. Hope Opera Software ASA correct it in their next update.
khaas ni hai
Jt
Too slow when I updated it in newest version,now Im using the older version bc I look faster than new one
Too slow when I updated it in newest version,now Im using the older version bc I look faster than new one
its good not best
Opera mini has always been my fav. Browser but this version is so not done...at various occasions it freeze and hangs down...kindly fix this problem
Nice browser if u hv a limitd or slow data. Loads faster than any other browser just you have to face ugly graphics if u access facebook. Overall 5 stars
Sometimes when I click a link it just refreshes the page.. YouTube doesn't stream any more.. Have to download the videos now. Also has problems connecting to some sites.
dev team nice job of turning a speedster into a dud.
Its the best ..... Download and have fun with the fastest browser ever ....... :)
Will be 5 stars (or more) if there's opera turbo..
Cant longer dl videos. :(
Awsum
Google and facebook images only 1/3 screen size. Since last update text vanishes from webpages and comes back when you scroll. it hangs and crashes.
Sometimes this application does not respond. Then I have to use android browser to open pages.
suport FLASH please,,,,,,
So good
It kept crashing so i reinstalled it. Now it s fine, plz fix it
It hangs out soon in my galaxy y Sort tis out soon..cnt take more load
Mst h yr.....
Gooood!
Awe speed
Opens a bit slowly. But then very fast......
Its a gud one...very efficient
Hard to connect
Nice
:>
fine...
It was an excellent browser but can't even installing after upgrading. Pls fix. I hate using other browsers. Help pls...
One of best browser i have seen
One of best browser i have seen
Great
Its really goos
HI
the software crash many of the time
Qqq
It is such a fun browsing net with the superfast opera
Good
S
Every one shud accept opera mini is fastest one.So i love it .But i found following issues. 1. Download break - downloading breaks after sometime, some times breks wen screen locks also. 2.Ajax screens - Entire page is refreshing instead of particular part. In some screens even to display dropdown values or select list, it refreshes entire page. 3. Unable to open some sites eg : irctc, vimware. But i can open it in opera mobile web browser
soooper
sexy
Gud
Gud
Very excellent browser
Star
Loves this app, too fastest for my phone
Perfect
This is A wonderful experience for me.
Suits well
Its good...
apps
Very faster very very super
Great app....
Now?
it just closes down ..plz fix and get 5 stars
guf
F
Its fast and reliable
I like it
I like
This is an ok browser, pretty fast, just loads the most compressed version of a page possible and a lot of sites won't load that way. It reminds me Of the standard metro pcs browser that comes standard on there cheaper phones but it's good if that's what you are looking for. Over all not to bad though, easy UI and looks pretty good too
Good um, not bad . browser automatically stops downloads whenever I try downloading large files. Better than any other browser in the market.  Great compression too.
Its dood but not best
This is the best browser app until it is always blank and close by itself. I can't even open it! Please fix it!
App needs fixing. Won't let me search for anything says 'Remote server or file not
found'
Gives me enough confidence n security n speed!
People talk too much about this but i feel is good... So go for it...
It so nice...
The best part is the same browser is available across all blends of Android. Also better tabs and download manager than the builtins.
It is really slow when I have edge network. I wished they have inverted rendering so my eyes don't get tired.
It nice
Nice
Excellent one
Fast..........
It is lower speed comprable uc...
nc
Good
I like it
Great application. . . Works fast. . .
Nice1
Ok
Get blank pgs sometimes, just gotta hit refresh.. Wish it played flash pages. Saves a ton of $ on data usage, though. Thats worth it.
This is a no nonsense browser when it comes to speed and data saving. Great tab features, excellent UI and very user-friendly. However, the Url bar is definitely taking too much screen space, and that's not good. Most browsers nowadays have a way of concealing it, so it's time for Opera to join the club. It also needs better video playing quality.
Cool
Good application
Work well in micromax a60
Must download app
And make it default browser
Really good
This is a useless application.. It's not working.. Yeh ak dirty application hy Kisi kam ki ni hy es ko install krny ma jo time use hota hy wo ap ny zaya kia diskg fedgjt syyihgdyuvr tuu uhfdhhbffyjkvcdstuo uhhfyjhvdfh jobvfhjbffjj mg fhh vdjjcgjfh
good
Itz a great app with a highst speed max as possible....works even slow in slow networks
Great
I love that. it is imaging.
Not bad
Awesome
very poor software.......uuuuuuuu
I like that.
I delete it Now it can not be re downloaded
Great web browser just sometimes a lil slow but for the most part a great spp
Good
I don't know what is wrong with my browser. It used to work perfectly fine and now it tells me that I have connection problems. My whatsapp and everything runs perfectly. I installed it again and now the red bar of installing is stuck. Please fix this asap.
Please add youtube downloader
After updating it has got  worst....it crashes after running for few minutes...fix this soon please or else I'll have to install it crashes:)
most use full
Everything is good but just one problem it is not in full screen option fix it and get 5 star.
It's awesome aftr the new update.... Works smoothly on my tab 2......
Gr8 app for browsing.....
Good to use......
4stars
Works good
It is a beautiful browser n super software.... The only onething m not satisfied is the minimized  button... If it there den it ll be @top
Very good apps.
Nice
the best browser.
Vbjm Vnnhhn hh
Much faster than the htc wildfire standard browser
very good
Good
It cool
Thanks
Latest version some what buggy. Crashes upon waking my phone, if my HTC hero goes to sleep while I'm surfing the web when a page loads to slow.
I love this app and its format, but I wish it had an option to close all tabs for when I have10+ tabs and its sort of hard to close them
Dunno what u guys are all on about my opera mini works fine and fast...no bugs :)
Its fast but it randomly closes. Please fix
Not working anymore. Always runs into bugs after few days of installation.
Superer
Dont let me write password on hotmail..
Its goog
Dhamaka
Dhamaka
just nothing to say about this app.....gud job!!!
Good
Excellent browser bit crashes quite frequently....will give 5 stars wen that prblm goes away.... Using Samsung Galaxy Gio
nice
but browsing is not
Good work !!!!! Thumbs up
Opera speed very fast......
you can use ur data as your budget
Even has something to fixed
It keeps force closing on me... But other then that it is good!
The application is always not responding if I try to open it again, I find it blank and it does not respond to any command forcing me terminate opera and re-open it. Frustrating because I love Opera. This needs to be fixed.
Awesome
Not so powerful in saving up data usage
Won't stick as my default browser. But it's super fast.Samsung Intercept
Everytime a popup comes saying font data collection and force closes but works excellent with default font. Please fix.
Ok
New update crashes a lot!! Pls put exit button as well!
Nice app. It works well on my phn.
It work good for a while then it keep shuting down every time you zoom?
this is great
Nice app ...:-)
Jawtjw
It is a nice browser. I just want to see something new in it. So you need to give bew update. Thnxx.
Been using the app for a few days and overall I'm lmpressed, but when you repeatedly press the back button to exit the app it tends to just toggle between the first pages you accessed.
at times it does not work
Working gud on 3G
I love it
Great
Bad
its good......
Iiii
Good for browsing but download too slow pe i hope they will fix this
I tried dolphin but it sucked for me.....opera is as always fast,I can copy paste text......the only thing I need is an option to switch to the desktop version of websites...and if possible add-ons
Lalalalala
I used to love opera, i always use this browser. But this version make me sick! Fix it!! Its blank all the time i start it!
It would be perfect if it had flash but i like the mini because its a application made truly for mobile. Small. Fast. Light. Thank you for the first one to make a mini version that is smooth; and delightful to be a part of.
Giid
Fast and smooth. But why is the horizontal scrolling so sticky. Fix and 5 stars
All is ok, except download manager, provide download like UC Browser.
Its downloading speed is less in compression to other but browing speed is very fast
Cannot logout pages. But really tremendous fast.
Gud! Works prfct in I my glxy ace aftr upgraded it to cyanogenmod 7.2
Great browser for my mobile devices.
btween gud n better
,:-/ ,y my fren can play OP without charge from link . . .
Best browser in terms of Web surfing but bad in terms of download. if you use Facebook in this then you will not be able to see what's written in a photograph clearly.
This App has started to freeze on a blank,  white screen when launched by another program.  I have had to remove & reinstall it. When it works,  it's superb!
Daud khan
Exlent
Hapla
nice
Why does it use the old version of Google? Other than that this browser is VERRY fast and smooth! (Samsung Galaxy Europa)
;)
Good
★★★★☆ gud bt not the bst
A great browser, I ever seen
More increag
Nice and bit fast browsing to download also
Crashes all the tym.
Jsidde
Nice and top browser
Just love it
Salah satu browser mobile terbaik di dunia.
One of best mobile browser in the world.
Browser
Simply superb......
no other comparision with this browser
It is good for browsing but very not comfortable for downloadind big files. Needs to be improved. UC is better for downloading. I am waiting for improved version
Dont have android user agent.
Good speed
Very gud app..  faster one
Not bad
Its a great browser but its download is very very slow Plz do some thing
awesome
Good
I use Operamini since my old nokia java phone, but this version always give me poor quality image even in high quality picture setting. Please fix it up.
Gooooood
Keka
Love dis browser
I have defined some specific use for Opera browser. There are 2 website with a long address, I have set them up as tabs on the Opera browser homepage, so now I don't have to type the complete address any time. Just click on the tab and the website is there - open.
Good app fast would have given it 5stars but it don't Connect to the cloud shame
Its good for short term browsing
Ya thats ameging
Soo fast , almost like computer view and u can copy txt by long touch on the screen ,its soon usefull
**** cos I can not read my emails using ymail bookmark!
It's fine
Nice browser..bt dwnld intrupts mny time
Completely compatible wid my mobile.. works smoothly :)
Nice
everything is working gr8...but plz add some gestures fonts..so that it always look fresh.if not it's little boring...thanx
Want it on GNex!!!! Edit: gave it 5 stars! Now available on galaxy nexus!
Awsum browser..B-)
Photo nahi aate bar bar refresh karna padta h.
Great!
I honestly don't understand what's taking so long for the update. app becomes unresponsive and freezes
I know im not doing justice but it only gets five stars for force closing a lot and for not allowing multipple downloads at once. Thumbs up for the speed and UI though.
I love it, its great app.
Nice
Fast, slim and useful. Very litlle lag when opening “heavy“ pages, needs some modifications regarding GUI, but overall far more better than any other browser I've used so far.
nice and working gud  anupam
nice and working gud  anupam
Good
Kêvu keka
Super
such good browser
Nice application and download is very slow
Fast browsing, Excellent features
It needs holo interface. 4 stars for motivation :)
Nicea
Good. But it suddenly comes off and onto my homescreen ? But apart from that supa dupa ! Supa fast bez online app eva !! Had it for bout a year and nofin happened still workin perfecto dunno what u people r fussing bout ? Defo download Amy J Xx
Good..there's so much connection lost!!!!
Don't be to smart as opera is most smart than you now
Its good to be browsing & downloading
pls Fix the crashing n force closing
Nice
Good but not speed
It won't download anymore I have connection new version keeps saying download failed plz fix
For what would have been 90mb of browsing data, this app managed to only use 16mb! I have all the settings set to High yet still saves a lot of data. Pages don't always function right or look great, but uses like 85% less data than stock browser.
(^^♪
Good
Although, the scrolling has minor lags on my Toshiba tablet, this browser is fast, smart and simple. Its first choice out of all my browser like firefox, hence I would recommend this if your looking for speedy browser
Owsome
Very nice & fast realy love it
Good browser
Josh web browser
You guys need to provide a service where one can retrieve bookmarks from server when uninstall the opera
Nice....
Best browser !!
Best browser !!
Ijbuh
I only browse through opera but it hangs when I minimise it.opera needs to be fixed
V good
Its the midrange opera browser .
cool apps
Bad..no exit
Awesome app. Gives some serious savings on data usage.
Faster browsing
Getting slower huh? And I lost all my opened tabs when opening notifications and back to the opera
Dis browser z awsssmme..... Bst dwnldng evrythng, lk music, wallpaper, porn etc.... Dis fstr dan default browser... Try it... In 1 word-''Awwssmmee''.
This browser was good loaded web pages fast, is small so doesn't take up much memory but whenever I go on a page I have to zoom in if I click a link it doesn't stay zoomed in and now the browser isn't opening I get a blank white page then it closes. Very frustrating as I got this to replace skyfire as the video pop up was annoying me.
Little Amazing :[
It tells me "installing..." but it doesn't move. Tried to delete it, then download it again. But i still have the same problem.
Fantastic
Check mail
Good
It's good because it can save data. It's bad because it can't do countdown
Absolutly great!!
Its really so nice n faster.
Nce app
MªªªªñÑñ†††ªªªªªPP. SurªªªªñÑñ†††ªªªªªP
Awesome browser...
Good but sme tme its hang fix that shity prob
Good
Super speed
Wait and see
But in these days it is nit working well. It justs force closes
Fast browser
Fast but unable download!!!
Its browsing fast but downloding very slow
I like it
Its enhance the browsing .....kaushy
Its enhance the browsing .....kaushy
Very Good
Fast
I use opera browser in samsung s6102. it's browsing fast but downloading is very slow
Good brwsng speed...!!
Browsing speed is awesome but not so good in downloading...!!!!!!
T
I recommended this browser for almost all my friends using smartphones but now its disappointing. No multitasking its closing fully when opening chat from notifications and become very very slow than stock browser. The only good thing is the compressing technology, take tat too away you will lose all your work.
This is nice browsing on opera mini
Nice
Love it.
Nice
It has suddenly stopped working. Installed it again but no success.showing no internet connection available while other apps are working properly.
Sleeping
Move it to MEMORY CARD
Good
Wel browsar
FREEZES AND CRASHES LOT! ITS SO FRUSTATING!
It is the fastest i have used. Period. But only if it had the volume button control for page up-down, I would have given 5 stars. Please make it happen. Waiting !
It's great because it let's you get past blocked sites, but every single site is in old format, like YouTube and Facebook.
started force closing after the update was much much better before that..otherwise awesome experience !!
Nyc app!!! Fastest i've ever come across. Cud give 5 star if full web page wud hav been supported. Othetwise perfect app.
Amazing
Amazing
The turbo system is very good
I like this browser but I've had so many problems with it. Still, it's the best Android browser I've used, especially for lower end phones.
Simply awesome... Better than the 13MB  version.
I like this app. It is really work
Nest o best opera is the                 best
Its fast n easy...good browser
No background download ....plz help us
No background download ....plz help us
Bad... Wenever u open ny other app over it... It closes itself stopping all page loading nd actve downloadings.... It got on my nerves wen it got closed in 80MB of 180Mb dpwnload.... >:(
its so good for using web
Love this browser. Always have. These are some features I'd love to see. 1 The ability to save pages in folders. 2 True pausing of downloads and multi thread downloading.  There is one bug/stability issue that I experience. Whenever I open more than 17-18 tabs at once, the browser stops working. Already loaded tabs stay open, but I can't open new tabs or refresh the opened ones. I get a server timed out error. I have to close some tabs, then exit the app and kill the cached process to reload the app.
More improvements can be,made.
Okay
Its excellent in terms of saving data consumption. Also one is able to view almost all the contents of the page. But the problem arises when one is about to view a flash content, or a page with much images in it, it will crash. also its not friendly when filling details, radio boxes and drop down list is often not friendly to use, still a 4 star coz of the speed and low data usage.
No flash support but very fast browser!
ارسل رابط يحمل بسرعة
Its not so fast for browsing....
Slow browsing speed, download speed ana every time it restarts my x10mini wen I launch it.
Yhoi
Wa i have downloaded so many browsers but all sucks......!This works Great......!All please Rate it 5 stars
H
I like this app, but sometimes this app become not responsive and need a force close. Please fix this trouble!
Adil7562
There is a problem I have Sony Xperia and while launching it takes much time
Nice alwaya
Web browser
Fast speed
Today it decided to randomly flash white screen when scrolling and now it wont even let me get on it. Keeps force closing. Very annoying. :|
Good
Good
it's good apps
this is a great app.
Stylish modifications
Simply superb...
Overall its much faster than the default browser on my low end phone, but it has more bugs. Sometimes when I click a link it just reloads the page I'm on, sometimes when I post in a forum it doesn't post at all, occasionally it will take ages to load a page for no reason too. But because its so much faster in general I can't decide what I prefer, try for yourselves.
Nice
Browsing fine but unable to download when screen locked or minimized
this application sucks! at first i like the features BUT recently it always FORCE CLOSE what im browsing and now i cant open the application pls. fix it..
Follow @ChelseaNewsIndo Now
Super Fast Internet
Easy to use
Nice app for
cant download from ziddu, cannot download *.jar files, javascript and html unsupported, cant make a new bookmark from blank form, and sometimes load into a blank page
it's good,but sometime it make me feel disturb when i load some flash site,it doesn't support Bangla language. or any .gif animation ,the speed is good,but download capability isn't really good
Faster than any other browsers bt there is problem of about downloading.Downloading does not start for the medium or large size files..So,plz fix dis bug as soon as possible.
Best
Nice
It,v.good.
Jv
Totally useless after update. Will not run at all on HTC Incredible 4G.
Slow update........
Gud
Amazing speed...plz download it...
Nice
Opera mini works fabulously on my Android. Keep up your great work. Joe Denver, CO
But it can be even great cmon I wanna rate it five star's
Nice app.
Constant high CPU usage when in the background. And an occasional crash here and there. Latest update really messed it up.
I love it! It's so fast and smooth!
It was loading fast when  I first download app.now it  wont load at all. Fix That Please.But Its Still Good
Cool app but not that fast
It's enough to browser for the maximum rate and must upgrade time by time.
Good application
Superb
Very nice...
Hai opera was the best browser.
Pls wake up .. Other browsers give other options like gmail, youtube .. Add such features.. No other browsers have speed like opera..
Plz add an exit button to the browser.its very.annoying wen i need to close the brwsr aftr visting too many pages... Also ther r some interface problms with touch.facebook sply the notification area.
Provide minimising option....so tht we can do other work as well while downloading
So bad
Good
Tried so many browsers and found that it has the best interface and is the fastest ! Just hope that they work over the download manager a bit.
s d f g h j k l
Opera meaning
I can use it now.thanks
Update is Not good. But I love opera mini It's Realy Fast then other Brouser :)
It Is not only fast it's fastest
crash many tyms
Solves DNS issues on non-rooted devices (where the DNS settings cannot be altered)  when Dolphin or similar browsers fail to find a working address.
download
Very nice app,but no flash!!!
Nice web browser
some times while using opra i cant search on google and makes it erroe
Nice
Good app
Guru
This is one of the best browsers, but only if it can stream videos from youtube and it'll be the best
nice..
Not gud at downloading. Once u minimize it downloading disappears.(pls fix this)
Great app
Good app but doesn't   support flash player
Easy browsing
So fast then other browser...but Download stop when minimize...
Nice                             -               Q
it often stops my download without a notification and the download sign "gone",so i can't restart it..
it often stops my download without a notification and the download sign "gone",so i can't restart it..
The apps is very good and fast but download clears whever my  cell auto optimize.....
Browser works perfectly, except for some downloading glitches. Can't download big files, please fix this.
Need next update. We need the next gen opera with more features. We hope this. Thank u Opera
Now a days it takes longr time to load a webpage...
Even my inbuilt android browsor loads the webpage faster...then it
Its a very good web browser
Works every time. Uses less memory and battery too.
Good. But please add how much bandwith needed to open a page. Like a regular phone.  Like to open this page how much bandwith is needed.
Ok.
Doesn't open
This is absolutely the fastest browser I have used, I have tmobile 2g internet and I cannot browse the web on any other browser its just too slow and I've tried all of them, only problem is when I try to download something and it has a count down the count down doesn't move at all other than that its perfect for Facebook and general info lookups
Superb...
Fast, easy to use, what more do you need?
The speed is okay but I think my down too often cancelled by itself
Sometimes network is lost....although my 3g network is full
Nic app
the best becomes the worst...please...fix it...
Yeah, its d best.. ***but for "browsing" only***  Warning: It dznt load all d components of a website.. (but dats what  makes it fast :-) ) so online transactions, large downloads nd other complex/delicate stuff need a "full" browser.. if u try doing dem on dis, u'll get frustrated :-P  So, we can say dat its a complimentary browser. U can't live just on it..  P.S.- Its rili a boon for GPRS/EDGE (slow connections) users nd those who browse a lot, thanx 2 its speed..
I Love it. Best and Fastest Browser for Android, No Doubt. Only thing  I dont like is you cant see Videos. It makes you Download it to your SD Memory Card
Good
Really good
Everything is ok. But its not too fast.
Its d fastest n easy to use browser for mobiles.the only problems occur while i use operamini is sometimes images dont load proparly n it doesnt plays streaming videos n asks for downloading d video in some sites
Its d fastest n easy to use browser for mobiles.the only problems occur while i use operamini is sometimes images dont load proparly n it doesnt plays streaming videos n asks for downloading d video in some sites
Its d fastest n easy to use browser for mobiles.the only problems occur while i use operamini is sometimes images dont load proparly n it doesnt plays streaming videos n asks for downloading d video in some sites
gr8
Why it dosent work after the last update . It was work very good ?
Easy n fast
excellent update.... performance 50% better than previous one* don't change it, pleaze
Another good to have application in your hand.
Could have given 5stars but it have some problems with Facebook. Whenever I open my subscribers list, it only shows 1 name, while there r more than one. And it also create problems whenever I try to comment on any post,  Pleassssssssssse fix it. . .
Best app
Grt
Its gud but need to be updated
Pretty good but appears less W3C compliant than their pc browser.
A simple browser (don't be expecting customization) that's perfect for fast browsing if you don't mind the web pages being compressed. Also great for if you're on a limited data plan as it downloads less data than that of your default browser. Only issue I've come over is it just closes without warning the extremely odd time. However don't let that put you off as it isn't a huge annoyance as seen as it's rare, but I still would hope it gets fixed.
I have tried many internet browsers on my samsung galaxy mobile.. But the best one I found was Opera mini. It can't be compared with any. Its so unique and the best. I dont know why people are having problems !
Downloading is never good in opera mini....
Only way I know around giffgaff's stupid adult filter which I couldnt disable even with my passport no.. works great lol
Best
Good
What a app.............
Nice app
Overall it is a solid browser, though i do wish it had flash support
Not bad ...!!
Makes your search easy.. No force close... :-)
Best browser, fast n sweet
I have used this browser for years and loved it but since last update it's horrible... slow and can no longer download some videos
Good
its gud
Goood...
Bad on so many levels. Crashes all the time and does not let you scroll pics in FB. UNINSTALLED
Sometimes it renders Blur Images and text.And flickering while selecting a link in Twitter.
Really good but downloads are really slow
Gud1
Nice but later not work
Better then dol..mini..by jas Grewal..Tahli wala jattan.
Better then dol..mini..by jas Grewal..Tahli wala jattan.
Coool....
Freezes n force closes if used for a long time. Fix this n den 5 stars.
Best browser for slow internet..
Gone back to this one after mobile version got buggy and wouldn't let me in. This one is better
Like it
It is good
Faster than most other browsers but tends to hang:-(
I like it
Mini is helpful (especially in low data coverages), but holo style please!
Best
Love the clean, intuitive interface, good site-width recognition and the ability to save pages for offline. But it stalls and freezes a bit too much - much more than my old dolphin browser. Bummer.
Adr
I like it...^^
Afolk known management
browsin is gud bt downloadin suckz
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Have not yet seen it........but beleiving it will be gteat app!
Great
Very good browser, better than all the other browsers
It's nice ....works great .....
Soni
Data saving useful should add more updates just for the seek of improving
Great browser but with the recent updates, it crashed like crazy on my DROID incredible 1. Opera developers if you are listening PLEASE FIX and UPDATE THIS APP!
Just great but...why it always won't stop loading the page?
Nice
Actu
Ican't install this app on my samsung galaxy 2 ?
Its nice..
Sangat Memuaskan
Smooth, Fast and uses less Internet Data. Simply Cost Efficient & Smooth running App. The only problem is that it lacks in features which Android Browser have...
Working fast and nice to use it guys
Update has made the browser slower
this version of Opera crashed once in a day......everyday from its released date..... But better than old 7.0.1 which used to crash a lot
Very Important and Fast Browser use For surf and Downloading
Every time i download it and open it for the first time it says installing and gets stuck there.
i dont what u have done to it but now its not even starting plzzz fixx it otherwise its best
It's always love u opera only because it's like my childhood friend I'm using it from years :-)
Slow as hell and it wont allow u to watch youtube
Operamini
Not bad.but its  hang sometimes
Grt app...
Its exclusively da best.
Gud
Look, if you really want speed in your browsing and can tolerate few evil crashes, it is the fastest browser in world, im saying it cos i've tried dolphin,maxthon,etc. In trends of speed it is best.
some thing is wrong i cant browes  always a connection problem  i tried re installing it and now it wont even open plz fix it
Smooth and easy browser.
Easy to oparate
Its an quite gud
The toolbar as vanished for me wen I'm on a site was fine until the last update now it crashes quite a bit n the tool bar is just the tip of what as home wrong since the update
asm
This browser works well for surfing purposes but not intended for downloading things
good
Very slow
Fastest n Best Available
Love it  But i need inbuilt download manager
Too good too fast.... but there is no option for choosing download or Play media contain.....
perfect
Awesomely fast  ;-)
as a small country like Sri Lanka. we're also like to use our language in our mobile. so please provide us SINHALA UNICODE.
Nyc..cooool....fast have some prob....so 4 stars
Nyc..cooool....fast have some prob....so 4 stars
Jaja
Aadil
Too fast apps... I like 2  much
Like
Very fast, saves lots of bandwith. But often corrupts webpages.
Good
Don't compatible with android 1.5. Installed,, but after launch says _ "application unexpectedly closed" on acer110e
Mast
nice app.....
UC Browser (Java and Android both with servers for China, India & Internal users) has so many advanced, better & faster features like voice control, night mode, volume rocker control, RSS reader etc. that I am switching over.
It shud provide the share option den it'll be outstanding..... More over itz a best browser  :)
theek.hai.one.shud use it bs or kya hai but purana version zaada acha hai
Good
Like it so far, scrolls on pages made using frames instead of the whole page. Firefox used to, but no longer.
It's little bit fast.
Pls keep updating
I have been using it since january and I have a complsint that it forcely close without my permission.Please Fix This...
elegant and fast... keep it up
Kindly enable link sharing like other browsers.
starting when i instaled its working gud but nw not giving as such response
Super browser to browse
Aswm
This APP would be better with screen cut
Good ..Photo par 5 se jyada Add.tag nhi hota.... chalta hai chalne do..
Ok
loww
One of the best browser for android
Why does opera keep forcing closing? Fix plz!
Thank
Supper
like opera mini but some times it crash and close automatic in my galaxy ace GT5830. solve this
Great browser
please add video streaming
super but in my mobile it is having some struck please try to clear that disturbance
it crashes during download if we come out of download page..pls fix tat problem and once a call comes it stops download and whole history is erased
Nice for you
Nice yr its good enough to use
GOOD APPSSSSS
Good but wen gone back the download s cancelled ....
excelent! those who may have issues after updates just reinstall... that goes for any app btw... but this browser is perfect for phone usage under data plan... its fast and simple and when you're not on wifi o just on the go you don't want or need to play flash vedeos ... would be nice to have the flash support just in case but hry... maybe in the future. great browser super super super ast and saves data plan
This is very great device, but sometimes when i have to download videos he doesn't let and it tells me that it failed. Please try and fix this immediately and you will probably have one of the best apps yet
compare to other browser opera is  the best
Nice
стала медленнее работать после обновлений! как по мне карусель с закладками нафиг не нужна, верните как было!!
I've been using Opera browsers for over 10 years and love them. Opera knows how to handle textbox inputs (take note Dolphin). When you press "Back" in Opera - it goes back instantly and doesn't start cycling... like *useless* browsers do. Opera MINI is easily the FASTEST and best browser around! If you need heavier duty browser, then get Opera MOBILE.
fast aap
Was great, after last update pages take forever to load, often just timing out. Not my connection as other browsers load fast. Disappointing Opera!
My favourite web browser always.
A smart browser
Nice
Great app !!!
Best browser for mobile. Some time it works bad.
Very good app
Great.. No competitor of this software.
most ram memory friendly browser, however, i think it updates on its own despite my settings on "never allow automatic update" on the market, as usually updates break the apps for a week or some days, i avoid it. This being said, i think operamini updated itself on its own(i suppose by using it, and not the store, not sure) but it updated and it now crashes constantly or freezes on blank page.. i wonder what happened? i hope it'll be fixed soon^w^ also, itd be cool if all those "themes" there'd be on the java versions back in the day(a red one, and a white one besides the grayish black standard one) because this ui is boring.. its been the same for like a decade probably lolz
There s no exit button.....
Good
Awsum
Good
Opera 7 laging Great browser i use it daily. The new opera 7 lags & sumtimes restarts on my galaxy ace
Better than default browser, also i can get into facebook @work skipping our vpn, it rocks
very interesting
very very   Faster
Pretty good :)
It force closes sometimes after the update on gallaxy A , opera mini next is good
For speed and stability
The latest update sucks but still opera rocks.
I wish my phone was compatible with Chrome.
nice app to handle with..
Mst h yr.....
not work tf101 for wifi from linksys but still work from wifi by HTC one S hotspot	tha't it. however it work fine on my htc one s
not work tf101 for wifi from linksys but still work from wifi by HTC one S hotspot	tha't it. however it work fine on my htc one s
Best
Best
Best
Dùng gói mimax nên ko quan trọng việc tiết kiệm dung lượng lắm. Nhưng ưu điểm là nhẹ, gọn và linh hoạt với những thao tác wep đơn giản như up status facebook hay tìm kiếm thông tin nhanh trên google!
Best
Best...
It is the most powerfull!!
Awesome!!
Its a gud one...very efficient
Chinto
nice app
Fast n fun
Its awsome browser
Its awsome browser
Better than regular on my phone. Fast, easy and reliable! It worth it! Totally download!
Niceeeeeeeeeeee
.
Good
The best thing about opera mini is that you can bypass operators restrictions like browsing torrent sites and adult content XD
B
Please update it I cant download
Turkey kludge he
It's an gud app I lovd it but some times it will suddenly gt auto force close....again I have install it...! Pls try to solve this issue if this prblm gt cleared ill gve *****
Fast browsing.....
Super speed .....
Awsome browser
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Very fast and cool application
nice...i like it
Its amazing... But the image is not clean in this opra..
its sweet
Nice one
Gud
Its very useful to fast browse
Hjdggddvh
Hjdggddvh
Hjdggddvh
Not working!
fine...
It was an excellent browser but can't even installing after upgrading. Pls fix. I hate using other browsers. Help pls...
One of best browser i have seen
It rocks!
Better than the other Opera mobile browser, this one takes up lesser space than that one. I don't see why they need two of the same apps but one of which takes up 13megabytes and the other only 800kb
Good
Great
Great
I love it
esmat
Gi
I like opera
I like opera
Dkbuf
This is a one of the browser which cametible with evry  web page
Excellent
Love opera because i can watch porn in my country
The most reliable and lightening fast Mobile web kit .....
Much faster than default browser in gingger os
It's amazing how this makes browsing fast on a slow connection (2G, GPRS/EDGE in India). Guess it compresses data thus also reducing data usage. Page formatting for non wap sites is not bad either.
Fast brwsng evr!
Awesome Apps.
Good
Awesome
It is such a fun browsing net with the superfast opera
It is such a fun browsing net with the superfast opera
Gud
Super fast
Bad
Nice
Now it won't even load. White screen, then back to the app or home screen.
Πραγματικά καταπληκτικό!
Nice app
This is the best browser for mobile phone, very helpful! Thank You!
This is the best browser for mobile phone, very helpful! Thank You!
Prabirmajumder07@gmail.com
Prabirmajumder07@gmail.com
Its awesome
Exlent
Best browser, been using this since the time of nokia. Super quick, has amazing data saving. A must have browser for serious browsing
Excillent
Sexy yar bohoth fast hai yeh sirf 2g , 3g ka to mast hai
Nice
Poop c;
Very easy to use and fast very nice browser
Like it
I LuV U
I LuV U
I just love opera.  Easy to use.  Easy to download on any phone.  Easy to operate internet by using opera.  Save time.  Save money.  Size is small.
It looks good but not connect to the internet pls fix it.so 2 * only
Way ahead of any browser out there in terms of browsing and surfing. However the dowmloader and the lack of flash support sends me back to UC Browser.
Each and every other browser is a pain for the hand and eye. If it wasn't for opera mini, i'd have thrown my tablet away. Thank you mr. Norway, or is it missis Norway.
It's very good
Best browser so far!
Truly is the fastest browser... ;-)
Gud
Gud
V.gud
I like web
Wadhawan ,p
Wadhawan ,p
Loves this app, too fastest for my phone
its gud app.g
its gud app.g
Nice app...
Dunno what's going on with my phone, but there were certain sites I was not able to get full desktop..this remedied the situation..works for me... bamf HTC t-bolt
Suits well
Never used a faster or better mobile web browser
Very nice ..........
Bad
Fastest browser
good
Good browser
(.)(.)
So best.
this is a good a browser application,more faster than else
Excallents
good da
good da
I AM VERY HAPPY TO FAST INTERNET AND ESEY CONNECTION THANKS.
verry nessesary items
Ya
Far best browser ever used fast reliable.and.amazing!!!
Love it
It ok for searching web sites on google but it not good for watching porn hahaha lol
what! a fantastic application
what! a fantastic application
Hey reduce the start up time of the app. Also please add "Nighti Mode" to it.
this is the great app.for android users but some times display white web page this is the draw back for app
Alcatel ot-990  Works much better and faster than dolphin, even with bunch of tabs opened. Easy acces to tabs, search, and other options. Best browser on the market!
I love opera mini browser...this is the best browser..
This browser is pretty fast while keeping your data traffic at minimum. Page formatting is optimized for the mobile screen. I love that pressing the back button will bring me back to the previous page with no delay.
Hlo.!  .
Etc.com
Thanks
I like this application very much wow!!!
Nice
Nice
Nice
B
Rocking
awe
Excellent
Lines By A Depressed Heart: ;( I Dont Know Why Life Teaches Me So Many Lessons... Even When I Am Not Interested In Learning!
Thanx for d Smooth n fast web browsing
Great
Too good
Too good
Nic app
more tabs than other opera mini web :-) :-D
i like u!!!
fast!!
Its bettr to use facebook on this den installing d app which takes a long time 5-star app! !!!
i like it never seen before like this
Nice opera mini
Nice opera mini
I had this for a long time and a while back they started having issues, i tried a couple others that sucked.  Just came back and it seems great again!
Vry fast
El mejor para ahorrar paquete de datos al navegar por internet
dont download wastage of time
It so nice...
Very nice.
Very nice.
Gd
Awsum
I love this browser very easy to use nd very fast
I love this browser very easy to use nd very fast
I can now browse ten times as much on my data plab
nice
Kiamm
H Rwwfgil
It is really slow when I have edge network. I wished they have inverted rendering so my eyes don't get tired.
Good app...
Specially helpful in India... Where the speed of network is so low...
Its a great browser but doesnt support flash.Its only disadvantage
Its a great browser but doesnt support flash.Its only disadvantage
Its a great browser but doesnt support flash.Its only disadvantage
Its a great browser but doesnt support flash.Its only disadvantage
Best browser in the world....
Arnova 8 2g
Ghhdg Fg
F90
It's excellent technology, how fast Opera loads pages and specially images. Hats off to you guys. But one thing I am missing in Opera mini is Private browsing.
Xlent
You deleted my comment!!! Not suitable for your site?... Today Opera proved my words and guys you should really fix this app and earn your wages! Total disaster! Daily I have to restart my system at least 3-4 times, it freezes, pages frozen,  clearing the history, and bookmarks sometimes... suddenly turning off... and its not the problem only on my android, it was and still is the problem on my Nokia X3, not perfect at all and you should work on it to fix it... My oppinion is 1 STAR!
Nice
Great app just 1 small flaw that Is probably my fault. I'll name it if I can't figure out how to change it.
خیلی خوبه
Good
Good
i like opera
Good browser
memasukkan teks di bawah
worthy app for browsing.
Grate
superb
superb
Awesome
It does what its meant to do
amazing app five stars for it
amazing app five stars for it
Good
Nice browser
Excelent
igdthjcfuiopofxt
it is working super.
Good
nc
nc
I lik very much..!!
Great. Love it.
Good
It is my favourite browser from ever. It is easy to use. If you are a new user there is no problem with this browser its easy and use full. Go ahead opera.
its easy to use and vry fast cmprtvly others :)
its easy to use and vry fast cmprtvly others :)
Nice
Consistent internet surfing. Like it very much. If you want a faster browser but Chrome will not be compatible in your phone, then Opera Mini is the browser for you! Results come in a flash, seriously! In a flash!  How it compares to Google search: Loading YouTube: Google search 9.48 sec Opera Mini 2.25 sec!
Anyone that's having page loading problems with rooted phones switch back to version 6.5.2. I'd rather have an older version than none at all. And the stars are still valid
It is best
Wow
Nice
Danm slow browser
It was amezing
This App Is Just Amazing Love It ♥
Awesome til somebody decided to fix what wasn't broken!  If ain't broken don't fix it!  Same goes for if it works great don't try to make it better! Grrr. Literally useless 1mb on my Droid now
I m using it since last 2 year..great yar.....
It is very useful for  web surfing lovers
Nice
Nice
Best android browser ever....... ^_^
My 3G is slow. Opera Mini makes it seem like 4G. :D.  Keep up the good work
good
good
good
good
good
good
i like it
Nice app
Nilhdkcd
Need to fix the bugs ....
Ang bilis maq download d2
Its BST web browser using it since 4-5years!!:)
I'm not sure whether it really reduces data costs by 90% as claimed, but it definitely is faster and better than the stock browser.
Like this
I like it!
I love this browser
Itz a great app with a highst speed max as possible....works even slow in slow networks
Helpful
I like this app. Very useful and very fast to search and download.
Installed on all my mobile devices, two words .                   "JUST FAST
Nice aaappp
Fastest
keren, ini browser plg user friendly
Work fast
Faster them my web.. love it
J
Awsum pagalpan
complete bullshxt
Hifi:*)
App crashes..plzz fix it
Sooooooogoooood!
Sooooooogoooood!
very very  beautyfull software to use
very very  beautyfull software to use
Its soo good mmmmhhhmmm.!
Not bad
Good
nice app
Super fast
Super fast
Awesome
Goood service
ya nice but do it....
Jabardast !!!!
Gfthvft
After the update to 6.1 the encoding on slovak pages is screwed. Cant see some of the characters right. What is the point af being able to search from adress bar when the "www." (that isnt even needed!) has to be erased manually first. Useless. Pls fix this.
nice apP
Free ka nhe if msuk fb?
Free ka nhe if msuk fb?
OwsME apPS
Goooooooooooood
I love this browser. it is far better than chrome, firefox.
very nice
Opera is the excellent web browser and its very easy and comfortable to use. One who handling web from lots of time he is definetly using opera for the mobile phone....................thanks opera..........
very poor software.......uuuuuuuu
Very good and fast
12345
Nice
I like that.
Very slow
Works good on my phone.
I like....
I like....
Very fast on wireless and faster then other browsers on mobile. Saves me money and data usage as well. Can not complain really. Samsung galaxy mini s5570 with cyanogen mod v7.
Friendly
Nice application
Badass
I love opera mini!!! But plz fix dwnldng issues n plz insert resuming option.....
Exccele. Goods
Works great fast and easy to use (:
It's awesome
It is nice
Simply superb when we try to view blocked pages in home
Good app I like
Very nice web browSer i like it
THIS BROWSER GOOD !!!!
Good to use......
Best
Like
Za
Very fast
Good in operating facebook eveything.
Nice
i lv this...... itzzzz amazing
Super
Good
It's free and fast. Stable as rock. Never experienced any problems and I am running this on old Motorola Milestone with only 256mb ram on Gingerbread 2.3.7. People that are complaining about speed and stability should check their phones and clear all the junk.
It goo when i used in samsung galaxy note .
Speed
Very Good. After the update works flawlessly. Before the update it was very buggy and crashed every now and then. But now buttery smooth on my galaxy mini
Very Good. After the update works flawlessly. Before the update it was very buggy and crashed every now and then. But now buttery smooth on my galaxy mini
It's sexily fast
Best ever
Rubbish
Awesome
Awesome
Very fast
I like
its realy nice...<3
Fast.... but can't download zip extension files... though other than this it is perfect.
Superb
vg
Excellent
superb
best opara
faster.
N
Verg nic u cn buy anythng frm opera mbile store it is a nic app.
No
Best app
it is usefully for net and use aeasly Facebook.
Good
Nice
the best browser.
Its gr8
Vbjm Vnnhhn hh
Great
Great
Nice......
I have NO problems with this app EVER <3 I love it!
Much faster than the htc wildfire standard browser
Best
why this app. is not responding after installed, always says force close and give up hang to my mobile. reason why??? plez fix it.
very good
very good
very good
Just stupid now. Crashes all the time never opens properly.
good
Nice
Opera Mini is brilliant!
Opera Mini is brilliant!
opera mini web browser?not jaz 5 stars! I'll rate this 10 stars!
Good Vvbm Vbh Cvhjk Hkkkkjgffghjk
its great
Good
Good Very  Nice
ultimat
I love this app and its format, but I wish it had an option to close all tabs for when I have10+ tabs and its sort of hard to close them
Jk
Awesome but needs to have Zoom function.
Good
Its fast but it randomly closes. Please fix
Even if mobile pages don‘t look so good it loads sooo fast!!! It is awesome
I like it there is not problem with it people are just stuped
sonu
Good speed
Im lovin it
Im lovin it
Can not live without opera mini
Jabar dast
Works quite well, but crashes.
Works quite well, but crashes.
It amazingly works  on this device
Ok
Ok
I am used galaxy y excellent
Nice browser
Great
Superer
Superer
roblems.  Eaziest I've seen for book marking. So far!
Very good
Very good
Not so Gud...
Not so Gud...
Nice
Nice
Nice
Best so far in terms of speed and usability. I just hit hide navigation bar in settings and it's gorgeous.
Dont let me write password on hotmail..
Dont let me write password on hotmail..
My God! This thing is fast! :O
What happened to flash
awersome
A
Bad
this was started on a not respoding page and leaves me no choice but to force close. it happened to me alot of times. so i had to reinstall it, after what i did i found out that there is another problem, when i try to watch video in some sites, it doesn't work so I have to download it. unlike the old version will apeare automatically in your android system to watch the video you desire. this app is getting crap. please fix this :-( i used to love your app but it is disapointing.
Best and fastest It works wonders for me.
Super speed yar for my galaxy y phone I really love it
ggggood
Hi guys whats up download it now.
*****
Nice
Fast  Smooth and easy UI to use using since many years. Tried on many platforms but still the best ever from the other browsers in the play store.
I'm using Xperia, and its browser doesn't load some pages correctly.
Fgyfgjokn
.
fast browser
Haha... Great man.. Just great
Haha... Great man.. Just great
Works fast on mine!
Works fast on mine!
this is the best mobile browser
Nyc apps(:
Very good
Good!
Fshffs
This is a good..
Hukapan
Downloading
Great
nice
This is the best web browser, runs fast even on 2g connection.  And Downloads the contents fastly.
Nice browser
it ' s good to download a video
love it!
Powerfullll..
Nice....
Amazing
Very nice
It keeps force closing on me... But other then that it is good!
The application is always not responding if I try to open it again, I find it blank and it does not respond to any command forcing me terminate opera and re-open it. Frustrating because I love Opera. This needs to be fixed.
Best browser ever. I recommend everyone to download this.
Nice browser
cool
Lovely browser
amazing
Nice
Nice.
New update crashes a lot!! Pls put exit button as well!
The best app
Sanket bad aap
Till now it is the fastest and best browser...
Till now it is the fastest and best browser...
Nice app. It works well on my phn.
Nyc browser
Very good browser..
Bada fst h yr
Very g my name is rethan
Its gud........
Its gud........
Crashes again n again while collecting font info ... I have Ubuntu regular ttf installed :(
Nice app....
Nice app....
Nice app....
It work good for a while then it keep shuting down every time you zoom?
Nyc browser nd one of the fastest one..  Opera you rock
Nyc browser nd one of the fastest one..  Opera you rock
Nyc browser nd one of the fastest one..  Opera you rock
It crashes on my new font..its not compating with my new font...i use to love this browser but its new update broke my heart..now I am force to use uc web browser..if developer read this plese fix this..it is not opening any page a font compatibility bar comes on screen and then after 2 % it force closes plese fix this...please
Excellent
im using xperia u .It's not opng properly , black screen is comng
could do better wit a full screen mode tho... if u add tat, m gona nominate u for d nobel prize... hands down best "browser"!! downloads? nt so gud:)
could do better wit a full screen mode tho... if u add tat, m gona nominate u for d nobel prize... hands down best "browser"!! downloads? nt so gud:)
Bakchodi
Rocking web browser
Nice
Good
Best
Good
awesome...opens every thing i want
Very nice
Very fast
It's a great
good website
nice
Veri good
U
cute
Will not access internet  even tho I have a working connection.
Just says no network connection, tried re-installing. Every other app loading fine. Galaxy S2, ICS.   Shame, it's really light on data and was my first choice when not on wifi.
Just says no network connection, tried re-installing. Every other app loading fine. Galaxy S2, ICS.   Shame, it's really light on data and was my first choice when not on wifi.
Well, it's really the best web brower with high speed for me, Thanks to all.
it's a  amezing app:-D:-D
Cannot get onto web pages
good opera mini
Jip
Jip
Its good for attachment and communications for direct linking.
but can't opened my favorite site
I tried Dolphin and then I tried the standard Opera browser. So far Opera Mini has my vote for favorite browser. It's fast and stable and pages load smoothly and effortlessly!
Should get better!
This app is very good,fast and beautiful :)
like like
Great app i love it
Fvb
In my opinion, this browser is much better and faster than the built-in browser
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
I like it
I can download my fevorite apps more eassly
Really nice
Pls bring in stock system root rom support so I can make it my only browser of fone	Gr8
Njj Jj
Working perfectly on my HTC sensation.not any issue.love it.
Not only its fast but also saves a lot of data consumption Defintely try it
Not only its fast but also saves a lot of data consumption Defintely try it
Its good
Good
good browser but it doesnt start now.
good browser but it doesnt start now.
Best browser
excellant speed
.....
The best ever !
I think it's the best mobile browser that i've tried. Keep your excellent jobs!
update is  working
Brilliant
good
OK OK
Grrrrrrreeeeeeaaaatttt
Grrrrrrreeeeeeaaaatttt
Force close. Clearing page in baaddd time. I was writing long and important msg but its Force close.... ahhhhhh...  Better will use maxton browser
Super
one of the best web browser...
Listen, don't do like me and slip over positive reviews. This is THE BEST BROWSER EVER! I can't believe I hadn't been using thia already. Hands down, the fastest!
No words to say review
When you click on something it will usually reload the page.  It will usually take you 2 clicks or more.
I think i should give 5:-) nice
Its just awsme....
This browser was the best in my point of view until it stopped downloading.Now it asks to save the file and starts normally but wont download,Why?
It's really  very useful.
It's really  very useful.
great!!!
Like it.
After upgrade its not installing!
very fast surfing...... but problem in downloading.... no option to resume from break point.... rest.... its the best....
Its wonder full than any other browser don't  learn about opera mini use opera mini its great
Thik thak not bad
Thik thak not bad
Trolololololol
All I need is text and information,  and it present what I really need to download.
Nothing compares to Opera when it comes to browsing with a Droid!
Ideal on EDGE networks. Simply the best. Displays pages as it is without distortion.....
Nice web browser
awesome
Great
gud
Surfing speed is osam
opera..... excellent
Awez
Cool software
Cool software
Nijam
Gud and speed. For all types of sites
Ye sab se acha aur sabse fast browser he
This browser is awesommmmmm. Guys.
This is the best app I've downloaded on my phone. It is so much faster than my default browser, bookmarks are easily accessible, there's a start page with customizable quick links to your favorite pages, I love everything about this browser! Thank you Opera!
This is the best app I've downloaded on my phone. It is so much faster than my default browser, bookmarks are easily accessible, there's a start page with customizable quick links to your favorite pages, I love everything about this browser! Thank you Opera!
Fastest browser on mobile i like it.
But its not working now
This App has started to freeze on a blank,  white screen when launched by another program.  I have had to remove & reinstall it. When it works,  it's superb!
Daud khan
Awesome
It rockx...
Its quiet good
Cool
Cool
Exlent
Excellent
Very best
Excellent. I give it ten stars. It is the best among the browsers. Thanks a lot. Install quickly
After last update i am unable to open it
ita ok
Nice
o wat a browser unbelivible yar plz dwn load it very very soon
nice
nice
It's so amazing application
faster n uses less data
faster n uses less data
good
good
good
It is a very good browser! I advise you to use it! Really very good! But do not blame the app if your conection it is not fast! This is only an app!
Valuable browser saves article in easy way
Love it! :)
Love it! :)
download
download
works properly without crashing!
Ok
Ok
very very fast than other browsers...  downloads are also fast.
Gud n fast Lyk to hv in my cell
More increag
super
Lv it
Crashes all the tym.
Nice web browser
Dat great aps i like becoz no more buferring would be there.
Nice and top browser
Basically its fast but upgraded fast its awsome
Just love it
Good
Yeah !!there is no doubt that opera mini browser is the best browser for smart phones. But it hangs sometimes in my phone. So i am giving  5 star .
Fast
awesome app
very useful
Fine
It is easy to open opera mini other then using the world wide web
Quit adding quick links on my start page with each update. Very annoying.  UPDATE: now you're adding quick links without updates. Please stop! I'm about to head to Dolphin.
Very very usefull
Now brower is getting faster on my galaxy551
Nice appz!!! But there's a bit problem of it. Sometimes the connect got lost. . .and it wont work sometimes!!!!
Good
Mast
Browser
Grear
Super
Verry nice
Its amazing web browser and this is soooo fast n fast
Fantastic appp.......vry symple n fast browsr
Tnx
Best in speed and easy accessable
it lags much in ics 4.0.4  while other apps dont
Its not working on s2r please fix it
Its not working on s2r please fix it
Very fast
Niceeeeee
Niceeeeee
Its really very easy now  Hi
Excellent very fast app
I like it
It is good for browsing but very not comfortable for downloadind big files. Needs to be improved. UC is better for downloading. I am waiting for improved version
Wow
Jmt
Nice
The best !
fast fast fast fast!!!
fast fast fast fast!!!
Opera mini works a charm. Its fast light and easy to use.
Good
Opera is the best apps on android
It remembers password... Please update it an give us new version.....
very bad hell browserr
I like it
Still geting force closing without warning..! Geting out of memory...
Still geting force closing without warning..! Geting out of memory...
Best browser yet...
Good
Good
Bad
Bad
Bad
I play when I'm bored but nice game I play almost everyday since im a basketball player ..
I use Operamini since my old nokia java phone, but this version always give me poor quality image even in high quality picture setting. Please fix it up.
Now i ll try when if i feel satisfied i ll good comment post here:)
it good to surf with opera really
This is a great app
Nice
Nice
Nice
Super
Awesome
It's good
ROCZ.......!
Even better than dolphin hd
Bst app on android ...!! It has much better speed...!! Love it..
Just go for opera mini.. you will not need any browser.. Awesome
ffggh
Nice apps
Fine
Good
funny
,g
,g
Good app
5 star app!!!
nic.....
I like this app it workes on my android very softly
jjjvc
I love this app.
Nice
its great to use this. its really too fast as i want for my mobile
Very gud app
Very gud app
Very gud app
Thanx to Developers for such fine piece of software...
**** cos I can not read my emails using ymail bookmark!
**** cos I can not read my emails using ymail bookmark!
laggg
Its verry good & very faster in other brousers just like uc,chrome,firfox etc
Its verry good & very faster in other brousers just like uc,chrome,firfox etc
Doesn't open
Suprb app
Exelent
Rgui
Its the fastest and the best
Owsum
Super fast...too good..!! Must have!
Want it on GNex!!!! Edit: gave it 5 stars! Now available on galaxy nexus!
**Must app**
Nice
Ihgngnfefggsmwegfjsqqqeweergrgffgrnhgfevdhfhnjkkhgfaqgbfbdgfgffgggdvxvgdbfbfhf
Awsum browser..B-)
Mind blowing
It reduces de cost
I like this app
I like this app
I like this app
Haven't been able to use opera for at least three days now, due to the constant freezes and force closes.
This rocks :)
Broken beyond repair. No sign of any attempt to fix.Looking for alternative to this one great app which is becoming more and more unusable and unstable.Why does font data collection take so long and why can't it be done in the background.Makes the browser unusable for about half an hour. Its not like I have 100's of fonts. Could be taking more than font data for all I know. Crashes more than ever so needs a beta tag.
Wow
I honestly don't understand what's taking so long for the update. app becomes unresponsive and freezes
less responsive and it is back to the old problem (high charges phones credit when browsing big web) :( please fix it and bring back the old operamini low phones credit charge.
Fhf
Fhf
Unbeatable
Good
Fast, slim and useful. Very litlle lag when opening “heavy“ pages, needs some modifications regarding GUI, but overall far more better than any other browser I've used so far.
Facilitate manage well  Nice learning
Best
The best and fastest!!"
nice and working gud  anupam
Good
Punda super a iruku punda appadiya ava moolaiya pudichi kasaku kasaku na yappadi irukum appadi iruku indha punda
I have to personally say this is the best and the most fastest browser I have seen for any phone at all, its fast and efficiant. Wasn't a really big fan of opera till I downloaded this
Great
Awsommmmmmmmmmm
Super
Super
I love operah
I'm going to save myself the headache by uninstalling this app. Opera Mini has been experiencing constant crashes lately on my Galaxy S3.
Achha chalta hain
Gko
To...bad
koko i neet
soooo bad
Best of all
was better before.....now shows error whilendownloading can't downloadba thing plzz fix it....
You'll wonder how you ever managed without it.
Very fine
what comment... a fuking awesome software
Nicea
good application, I like it.
good application, I like it.
Undoubtedly the fastest I've seen, smooth as a whistle and makes me wanna use it more. Totally awesome.
Class APP but crashes a lot
excellent
There is nothing to do comment
this is nice application
Good..there's so much connection lost!!!!
*****
Best browser
mesh zyede
Bekar hai
Stop working after sometime
Don't be to smart as opera is most smart than you now
Don't be to smart as opera is most smart than you now
I love it
pls Fix the crashing n force closing
msttt hai yaro
It's best application to browsing
Nyc1
Good but not speed
world's best
Samsung galaxy S2 .  Very good app.
Its good
Its good
Its good
Its good
Does not respond properly opera 6 is nice new version is horabal
Troble in downloading.
Good
Exillent. Browser
Very.....
It's good.
Should perform better
Updates bugged it. Was the best but now 1 of the worst....Saadd..
Best Mobile browser, fastest and perfect for quick searches!
OK
Very sexy
it's quicker and data saving
Best
Used to be great. Now just loads slow, a bunch of time outs and errors. Been a user for 2yrs! Now i use boat browser.
My best browser
My best browser
I don't know...it kinda...works
Its amezing......
Its amezing......
Its amezing......
Right he boss
I don't know what everyone is bit chin about this is night n day to my stock browser. It's fast!
Very useful n fast downloading good
You guys need to provide a service where one can retrieve bookmarks from server when uninstall the opera
Best browser !!
I suggest to add SHARE option on Fb...
The worst app I've ever used for the internet! Absolutely horrible in everyway. UNINSTALLING!
The worst app I've ever used for the internet! Absolutely horrible in everyway. UNINSTALLING!
This app works fast in low devices (like my L3)
LOVE THIS APP.... CAN GO ON THE INTERNET WITH NO ISSUES AND I DON'T HAVE TO GO OVER MY DATA WITH AT&T
Ok
lightning fast i have tried skyfire and dolphin and they can't hold a candle to this browser all you need is a good youtube app for vids.
Great
Its the midrange opera browser .
cool apps
This a great a app. Although I only use it for Facebook, it still does a great job, and its really fast,easy to use.
Best n best ......adil
v.good r
Gud
Like a,star
I love it
I love it
The best mobile browser by far on my LG android phone. It is fast, smooth and saves my session. Have tried countless mobile browsers but non comes close to the opera mini. Definately an A+
Awesme
Nice
Great
Really a fast browser
Suprb.it doesn't wiat for second .very fast browser
Finally i can launch this app after reinstall 3 times..
Cool
Faster browsing
It is slow as compared to uc browser.
Nice
Gogleoperadawnlod
Found it good!!!!!!!!!!!
gsh
It decreases the page downloading data so that page can open fast...n itz working the downloading speed is also upgraded m now able to download 5 mb file in its 50-60 seconds ...awesum browser..
Good
application is good but after closing it will close.all the opened download too...
application is good but after closing it will close.all the opened download too...
Very good for surfing
By far the best browser I have ever tried! Download and tried all of them...this one is fast and great on fb...a must have for Motorola Electrify!  Great job !
Its good
NiZz
Works great and is very fast. Easy to use and read text.
Vr
Vr
5 stars bcz it is quick and easy
if the screen is turned off downloads cancel and we have to do it again
Fine
Fine
Very nice browser i've ever seen. Its above all. Easy 2 use,gr8 app.
Very good! I love opera mini! Good:)
I don't even use anything but this now its amazing :))))))
Fast loding
Fast loding
Fastest app I ever seen
Very good
Nice g
This browser is extremely fast with the compression technology uses and makes my 3g feel like 4g LTE. For those complaining about video and looking for stability in web pages, get Opera Mobile. Opera Mini is for speed.
This browser is extremely fast with the compression technology uses and makes my 3g feel like 4g LTE. For those complaining about video and looking for stability in web pages, get Opera Mobile. Opera Mini is for speed.
Suddenly I have change of mind, I rooted my mobi to. Delete every crap and I realize opera mini s the awesome browser
Ooooo wow it is nic... Use it.
Thanks!
Wow wonderfull app
I like
I like
Woooooowww...
Nizamabad
best brower ever
Nice
Pahle use to kar lene de uske baad rating ka puchana
Best
Fixed the connection problem......nw i love this browser......
Fixed the connection problem......nw i love this browser......
Fixed the connection problem......nw i love this browser......
Fantastic brower
Fantastic brower
Jutf
Bvfy
super application...
Excellent one
Great app 5 star.
Its really work good.. I enjoy fastes speed of internet and open more than site at one time..
I like
I like
The best browser in the world
Great but needs the order of tabs to be allowed to move around e.g. one infront of the other ect.
Cool
Cool
Gfgyggy
Used to be reliable.now it crashes all the time.
Best browser for web surfing. Great UI.
Best browser for web surfing. Great UI.
Goooooooood!!!!!
Don't Work.... :*)
lovly
Blazingly fast browser, the best I've found on the market! I've never found myself raging at my phone when using this app and that's saying a lot.
Very good
fjkkfj
Good
it works faster even in slow networks
Ok but download is slower not showing downloading speed,how much size of file download,
Not eating too much memory. Yeah! :D
Veryyyyyy fast browger
Very nice
Not bad, works great.
very good ... nice
very good ... nice
Wha akdm jordar che.dudd
Great browser
I like it very much instead its better than the other browsers  .....
bagus banget
i think,opera is the only mobile browser which provide superfast surfing speed..i like it
Fast working...
Fast working...
Superfast and light compare other browser. E.g : dolphin, default, maxton
Www
I've had this app since 2010, there is no better app for Web browsing! Never an issue, always worked great!
Nice
Nice
The best browser I ever met
The best browser I ever met
It is absolutely faster
Very fast.....
Very fast.....
I m using opera mini in 6600,7610,asus wm,n more  I m loving that's all
The best web browser
This browser is lightning fast!! Love love love this! Beth Huawei Ascend II
i have tried many of the browsers but opera outshines all...really in love with it
great....
its great....
Updates are very adaptive
Just the browser I needed...
Opera best browser in android
There people are most experienced guys on planet about mobile browsers.tugdgp browsers run on almost everything. So I am installing it to my new android.
Gud gud
It's app is vary gooooood
It's app is vary gooooood
Really good service
Need arabic language
Slower, more often crash, how could an update become a nightmare like this... Dammm.. I should read the review first...
Opera is the "BEST"web browser ever! I even installed it on my home desktop computer.
Sometimes it says Timed Out but yes, it is the best android browser. Very fast and easy.
Sometimes it says Timed Out but yes, it is the best android browser. Very fast and easy.
I liked it the first time I laid my eyes on it
Super ma.....saema saema
fb
So helpful!
Verry good verry nice
The best browser in pc and mobile.tanks opera . Amin.
Nice
Ok
gud speed
Love it.
Sagar
Excelent
Really Fast.
Really Fast.
luv dis browser really the fastest browser of the planet .: GAURAV.D.ARYA(JNU)
Still best mobile browser... no doubt.
Used to work fast like it promised and was my favourite until recently it gets stucked and doesn't load!
its fast & reliable.. easy surfing all nyt long.. love this app..
its fast & reliable.. easy surfing all nyt long.. love this app..
Best browser
Used to be real good & fast. It goes much slower & freezes a lot -.-
No comment
I like it lts fasterthen google
I like it lts fasterthen google
Great app but poor themes...
Greater than any other browser. Most suitable browser for android. But if u use wifi u can use opera mobile web browser. Both r coool¡¡¡
Its faster than voda opera mini
Very slow now.
Best android browser
im using opera from my school dayz..through a java mobile..im always happy with u guyz..AOI (im not able to download more than 5mb pls fix it)
Browser loads fast and saves alot of data usage but too many force closes and page hang Ups. Have reported several times. Most of the time you have to kill it and restart entire browser. Too many bugs.
Scary fast  Plz try
And easier then the other mobile browsers I've tried.
Best brower for mobile
Terrribblllee
Good
Best
Best
Must have apps...
Nice opera mini
Great
No minimize option for dis browser even if i lift d call d tabs are opened again and not save d previous page. i v exit d browser before closing/minimizing i have paused downloads and again i opened d browser and shocked 2 saw that all my downloads r erased bt best thing is web pages faster than any other bro i hav used
A must hav app
Very good
Very good
Its good app & excellent  It used  to easy
Its good app & excellent  It used  to easy
Kaim aa....
Nice,quick and fast but should make the speed dial round again!!!Instead of that square one....
Best n fast browser
good
In the world of mini browsers Opera has no peer. Just tested the rest. Whilst Dolphin, Maxthon, Boat et.al. are good to have for variety, they are just not in the same league. Opera is light, funky, insanely swift - if you have a high end phone it will smoke it - if not Opera will make you think you have. With the bar set so high it attracts criticism. The thing is the instant you swap away, the difference is clear. By all means shop around but if you don't have Opera, you're not motoring. Engineered.
Very fast .... Awesome!!!!!!!
Very fast .... Awesome!!!!!!!
Good
Best Mobile browser!! Its insanely fast even on 3G! The data savings is awesome. Fast even on my Droid1!
Better than any browser I've used so far.
This browser is realy great i have even not experience a bugs for this application actualy i can browse free from this browser in 3G globe simcard. It browse faster than a wi-fi connection, u have to activate ur "opera mini link" in the settings of the opera to boost ur dialup and search engine connection  to ur browser. Realy great 5star for this application
Superb
It doesn't work on KSA ... please fix the problem...and your website doesn't open in KSA since 2 month...
It doesn't work on KSA ... please fix the problem...and your website doesn't open in KSA since 2 month...
Best
Just awesome
can't run YouTube, Facebook, tumblr, PayPal, or generic videos properly.	At least it's fast and uses as little as 1/10 the RAM of other browsers. But considering that it advertises running Facebook it should be more than 0% able to run it in desktop format, which it isn't, no matter what. It's not even proper Facebook mobile, it's the kind you get on a flip phone.
Everything loads fast as if I were on wifi! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Fastest of all
I like it
I like it
Good stuff
Gud
Very good when u don't have coverage or used all ur data limit
Very good when u don't have coverage or used all ur data limit
,
I l u jaan
Nice
Awesome app..
Awesome app..
Connect where chrome fails in slow connections.
I like opera mini
Awesome Browser
Used to be good but now crashes and i have to switch me cell off.fix please.
Used to be good but now crashes and i have to switch me cell off.fix please.
Used to be good but now crashes and i have to switch me cell off.fix please.
Used to be good but now crashes and i have to switch me cell off.fix please.
Goog app
Easy and fast
Rtuuu
Rtuuu
Superb browser to me.
Superb browser to me.
Superb browser to me.
Rocking
Since the last update operamini starts to suck. It was much better. Now it crashes so frequently that i use the native browsers. Please do smth.
Very very gooood
On Galaxy S2, it's still rocking as it used to be. Love it.
Very special
Very special
The best browser ever. Please develop opera mini 4.4 for android too.
Please use this application because this is very fast.
Please use this application because this is very fast.
Nice  apps
Mast
NaaaaaaD
It doesn't work on my device which is galaxy s3
Its very slow, I use to love it and it was my main browser. Even on 4g its slow please fix.
Nice
Ad
Okay
Excellent
Its better browser on android as compared to others
I'v re downloaded almost 3times cause pages r not loading while downloading  first it use to work great,plz fix it.
Variable image quality, image free browsing, Speed Dial. Three great mobile browsing features together at last right here.
Bjh
Best for android
Beat app for watching porn :p
I think it perfectly saves my internet bucket
Great
Great
excellent browser. very fast and reliable with good features. keep it up.
K
K
K
Love This
Good one
i love it
amaze bro
It redirects me to mobile site even when I type in urls for desktop sites.
opera mini
Thats good
saya
Wa i have downloaded so many browsers but all sucks......!This works Great......!All please Rate it 5 stars
Wa i have downloaded so many browsers but all sucks......!This works Great......!All please Rate it 5 stars
Wa i have downloaded so many browsers but all sucks......!This works Great......!All please Rate it 5 stars
This brwsr is too fast on my mobile  Evrything is quickly download
Supper
Working very slow, and After putting a file on downloading, browsing speed comes down,till the file not downloaded..plZ fix it,
Best
Nice working
यो अति राम्रो छ प्रयोग गरम
यो अति राम्रो छ प्रयोग गरम
This is my favourite app. Im using firefox, opera mobile also stock one. But none of them faster than this. This is extremely fast.
Vov
It's goooooood
Install it nice an fast
Install it nice an fast
Its the best browser.
Good
H
Awesome!
Awesome!
I like this app, but sometimes this app become not responsive and need a force close. Please fix this trouble!
my superman !
Awesome......
Awesome......
Top 10
Im using Opera Mini since I bought my phone and everything was ok until yesterday that opera get "Telcel" advertisements in the loading screen, speed dial and search engine  Speed dial gets Ads from "Ideas Telcel", "Plugger", etc.. And my old speed dials dissapeared without my permission   The search engine has changed by "Telcel" so i cant select Google for search engine and i dont have search suggestion in the box like before  And when I open Opera Mini the loading screen in the top shows the "Telcel" logo, its really annoying!!  I tried to reinstall but it didnt work  I think <ill switch to Dolphin or Chome if this not change urgently.
5 starrrrrrr
An awesome browser
nice
Gud job
Web browser
opera mini very very nice
it is the best browser
It is good brouser
Love this app. Super fast, and intuitive. Thank you O.
Nice work
very fast and easier
Today it decided to randomly flash white screen when scrolling and now it wont even let me get on it. Keeps force closing. Very annoying. :|
Excellent browser. But i cannot believe opera is taking ages to fix crashes. Memory handling is so bad that when i tried filing a bug it crashed.
Good
Superb,Fantastic. High speed.I like it.
Superb,Fantastic. High speed.I like it.
i like thish browser
This app is working very good.I can download easily whatever I wish.Really aaaaawesome......!
C
wow gr8
Its awsme
Some times I got problems wit downloads, ignoring that, this is a must have app...
It's really awesome..
best
Good Very good
Sta chida y funciona bien la apps
It's even worse. Doesn't even open sometimes. Garbage.
Ok
Faster than android browser. I'm happy with it.
Faster than android browser. I'm happy with it.
This is the best browser it works so good.
Way faster than my default browser.
not active
Nice browser  very fast xD
Refuses to work properly on miui for the infuse. Actually it has had problems on multiple roms, including stock,serendipity and cyanogenmod. If it doesn't crash or open up to a blank screen, it's freakishly slow, much slower than any other browser even on hspa (faux 4g) with four bars of service. It's also almost impossible to download semi-large files without it crashing right when the download was about to be finished.
Excellent
I love this app very convenient for me
Simply superb...
Simply superb...
Pandey
Bxvh
Bxvh
Bxvh
working so cool, it is more than my expectation..
Its to gud
Using since stone age. Always my fav. Used in java, symbian n now on android.
Excellent browser!!!
pinkesh sevak...    pr.....
Excelent
this application sucks! at first i like the features BUT recently it always FORCE CLOSE what im browsing and now i cant open the application pls. fix it..
this application sucks! at first i like the features BUT recently it always FORCE CLOSE what im browsing and now i cant open the application pls. fix it..
it force closes after every fifteen minutes. Otherwise it's great. Best mobile browser ever. :) <3
it force closes after every fifteen minutes. Otherwise it's great. Best mobile browser ever. :) <3
Nice
but it's not yours fault.  very fast and easy to work with. like it!
The UI is intuitive and very responsive! I've been using it all day and I haven't had any problems with stability. I'm running CM9 on a Nexus S 4G and for some reason most browsers load ridiculously slow. This is one of the few that don't. It even edges out my previous favorite, Dolphin, by a hair. Combined with the snappy UI, it definitely FEELS much faster than any other browser I've tried to date. Very nice!
Super Fast Internet
I love using this application..great working good on my phone.
I love using this application..great working good on my phone.
I love using this application..great working good on my phone.
Gue suka
Good.
It Has Been Very Faster Browser  This Browser Touch Maximam Level In Minimum Speed  So, It Is Best..
i lov it.....!!!
Wow magic browser
downloading usually shuts off when phone put on standby...
Good....
It so nice
Best
Bad layout for ldpi devices... 
Layout untuk v6.1 lebih baik dan lebih rapi... v7.x.x spasi nya terlalu renggang sehingga tidak enak untuk dibaca
Absolutely brilliant, facebook is faster than my facebook app and being able to use several tabs at once is a complete save overall must download
gud but it is showing installing only.......
gud but it is showing installing only.......
Guidhkp
quite d best
Be excellent
P
Perfect
grt
Mst
Mst
Best browser ever i c
Good app
Good app
On my mobile when I installed it I was surprised by its speed but then I realised that it can not download two or more files of high size simultaneously... But still itz good
It is the worst browser for android I dont know why people like it so much.. Try uc browser 8.3  for android then u will forget everything... It is the best browser for android.
great i luv it
Faster than any other browsers bt there is problem of about downloading.Downloading does not start for the medium or large size files..So,plz fix dis bug as soon as possible.
Best
Great if you don't require java etc. Became unstable from  ver 7 on my tablet. Blank screens, freezing. 7.0.3 says 7.0.29952 when installed?
love it Facebook much faster than their app, all browsing easier and quicker. galaxy europa phone
uc browser have great speed as compaired to this browser. its browsing speed is very slow.
Fast n easy
Gooooood
Nice..
Its fast n good
I like it
I like it
Awesome app fr net browsing..
Ok
Ok
Good
nice
Love u opera
Love u opera
Need to update my rating.s...cuz its really bad now...CRASHES Alot...:(
I cant install this prog it just stops while extracting!!
I dont see the point in complaining.I tried everything,,everything but none are smooth and fast as opera mini.opera rocks
Great
last update very poor perfomance.its slows down my mobile
Its a great app i love it bt i dun noe y it stopped workin :(
It,v.good.
Opera Mini browser is way way faster than any browser for mobile. It's really smooth to browse. But need to be more designed. I want to give it 5 star.
Opera Mini browser is way way faster than any browser for mobile. It's really smooth to browse. But need to be more designed. I want to give it 5 star.
Jv
My favourite
Liket
Liket
Superb
nice app
Vsgdf
fantastic one
Awesome application. Fast and simple.. always the first application in my new phones
Whenever u try to zoom in the same page twice, it force closes and things have been going wayyyy down with.this browser
Nice & fast browser
B
Very nice
Yeah realy itz working gud sooper app yaar .....bye
Yeah realy itz working gud sooper app yaar .....bye
Once you get the hang of it this is by far the best mobile browser
Gud app Work gud...
Superb
Good app
Good app
O
J  vicv
J  vicv
Maxxxxxxxx
WooooO
WooooO
Opra mini is very fast
so very faster to during your oline.
great
Nice
Great app
It keeps freezing, but other than that it's awesome.
good
Opera mini works fabulously on my Android. Keep up your great work. Joe Denver, CO
I enjoy so much
Ita really good. Very nice one
Nice browser
Nice app
Nice app.
Nice app.
Its Awsome
Its Awsome
Nyc
It is very fast and easy browser browse faster and it is very to use
Cooooll
Cooooll
Its works very fast and made my works very easy but the full site of faceboom doesnt work properly :')
Nice browsing experience
Nice browsing experience
I need to thanks opera team.....its amasing .....
If you have low signal and are trying to use this it wont work because you will get a server timeout error in about 10 seconds which is too fast imo.
Joooszs
It was loading fast when  I first download app.now it  wont load at all. Fix That Please.But Its Still Good
good
Ok
Good
Only for facebook it work very nice other wise it very bad!
Superb
Very good
Gaint  aap ya
Opera
Its great,,,huh
Hh
Its very good browser
I'm on a pretty limited data plan, and basically Opera M lets me surf all the time.  Dont know how they do it, but its awesome.
Very good app...
Very good app...
Very good app...
Very good app...
Very good app...
this is very nise
V v v v v v v v v goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooodddddddddddddddddd.....................
I don't know what others are staying about crash but even after the update. It remains the best browser without any crashes.
The fastest and the best for me, 'nuff said! (-:
Big Files around 10 mb and more won't start downloading...
Stuck at install screen. Android 4.03 SGS2
My favorite browser
I use Opera Mini a lot if I'm not getting a great data/wi-fi signal because Opera's server-side compression makes downloading bigger pages faster, and it consumes less data. It's not good for downloads or watching Flash videos, and it can sometimes render pages badly, but for it's a good alternative.
it doesnt even install the old one was good. plz have it fixed soon
Great I love it
nice
its cool
Cool... Smooth..... But getting some problems in downloading....
Amazing
Bekar
Oke banget
Awsome
This update is working fine now.. Able to install without any problems.
This is super fast and simple. Best browser I've used!!! :)
best mobile browser ever!
fast, reliable, and useful.
I also use it on my laptop when on mobile broadband.
Good
Good
I have been using opera mini for a long time now and I can say that its my undisputed first choice browser for surfing the web on mobile. one thing which needs which I would suggest to be added is the ability to resume downloads in case of signal break because opera is heavily used in places where speeds are low and tend to break often. thank you
Fast & reliable
Just good
Even on slower connection like 2g it works really fast.. For any phone Opera browser win hands down as compared to any other browser available in market.!!!!!!
the ui so simple sleek and responsive...a wonderful app for FREE! !!
Good app
s d f g h j k l
Nice
Love it
Bad update
The best for those of us on the web a lot.  Cant believe how it keeps me from going over on my data plan.  Ive tried other so called data compressors but this is the best hands down.
The best for those of us on the web a lot.  Cant believe how it keeps me from going over on my data plan.  Ive tried other so called data compressors but this is the best hands down.
Exllent
It Is not only fast it's fastest
Nice
Superb
Mat lana kabi vi
Nyc
Good
its great apps
Sexy
Excellent
Comment
Awesome        Not really
Awesome...
Very good from others. ...nikhil Dhande
Very good from others. ...nikhil Dhande
Nice working good.plz uptodate it continue.thanks
A dazzaling broweser
bhullar
Nice
Alwaz fast
Good app
Like how i can save pages for later use. No problem encountered so far.
Good application
Awesome
Its a superb browser
good
I've used opera mini for years and it still is good. it blew away my old blackberry browser, and it can do things my native browser cannot do. Hands down, this app is a necessity. Data compression makes my pages load fast and has the included benefit of weighing light on my data cap. Thank you again for making the best mobile browser.
It won't install no matter what
Gud one
best browser fast,secure, reliable....using it from last 6years on pc..now on my phone...must have app for every mobile
I l I k e
I l I k e
E
Awesome
I like opera mini
nice
ww opera sexy video
It says installing but nothing happened, it is the same problem with my black berry and my iPhone.
Good app
Good app
The greatest browser among all browsers
dont download dis app
Awesome!
Nice browser
Good
It didn't install
Good
ghh
ghh
ghh
R
useful
Much better than google
It's not perfect browser,if I minimize thebrowser while downloading it's gone 2 start page n stops d downloading.
Freedom Fighters
excellent
excellent
Best app ever says what it does  Better than the actual internet already supplied and also faster and easier   Nice Job Opera
Net
I download it, install it to have to download it again get stuck on an install screen... Wah?
This is a great way to use the Internet, It's mega fast and it never unexpectadly stops. You can't stream Videos from it but its still good.
Very fast for simple browsing. No flash, but for quick surfing it's perfect
löve it
Fastest n user friendly.Much bettr than in built browser.
Good browser.....
Nice app must download
Nice app must download
Excellent .... Amazing .... Jhakaas very fantastic
G
A
A
t very póor
Bom
Sooo good
Love
Excellent
Its gud...
Best browser in google play
NICE
Opera mini 7
BLAZING FAST!
Great
Awesome browser for our 2g networks
Exeelent browser good speed,depending upon sim
Gud
Good. But please add how much bandwith needed to open a page. Like a regular phone.  Like to open this page how much bandwith is needed.
Good. But please add how much bandwith needed to open a page. Like a regular phone.  Like to open this page how much bandwith is needed.
What a fast ya
good
Download ALL the porn! :D
2g internet is also faster. With this browser.
good
Sempurna...
Cool
Like
Awesome
Why oh why did this have to happen? Opera is now broken. I am sad, bereft even, that even the (crap) Internet app by Samsung is faster now. Bad times.
Get better day by day!
سکس
Now ok
Nice......
Very good
Android operamini very high speed This opera easy to every work
Opera mini is fast browser.
the earlier version was much better..as soon as i pinch zoom any page, this version hangs...GALAXY ACE....pleaseeee correct it and update the version.
The worst scenario: it wont open at all on my sgt 7 plus since the last update.. Updates were meant to improve the performance not to degrade. What happen to the best web browser on mobile world? Guys, fixed this up. I bet you still wanna have that title aforementioned...
Qwdfvvj jdiboov upfgij  Hliggeuhvosijc oflceolcljjin Ckjohbkcwjlthkv fantasique
Its exclent job tis i lobe opera
Its fast
Ashun
.....pehle istemaal kare phir whiswaskare......
Good update
Good update
opera mini is the best browser, 3 years i use it. fast, and safe money, 5 stars...!!!
i like this app..working too good on my galaxy pop android..
After updating all things changed plz fix the problems there are many problems
Yes
Just superb n excellent !!!
although it's not very fast but consumes a little traffic
Wery good I like it
My fav.......
Chuffed
Awesome browser.
i can't download it
Great ! Follow me on Twitter @meowenvytm I follow back
Love it!
I can't look webpages in their mobile version....will rate 5 stars once my problem is solved
I can't look webpages in their mobile version....will rate 5 stars once my problem is solved
Very nice
Always going to be my mobile browser. The best for downloads and fast speeds.
Good speed browsing
I cant download any application from play store please help me
Iprove facebook on opera
Best browser
Super
Like
highly recommend
This browser works much more smoothly and easier than my other android browser! Thanx!
This browser works much more smoothly and easier than my other android browser! Thanx!
Faster than what I thought
I like this app
Its supeb!
Nice Browers fast work for andorid
i tried several times ti install but failed.this is my favourite browser. htc hero.
Its preety good than preloaded browsers
No words super fast. ..:-D
Very farst
nice app and fast browser..
Kaint aWw
Amazing!!
Really good
just awesome
I like
Superb
Nice
Its d fastest n easy to use browser for mobiles.the only problems occur while i use operamini is sometimes images dont load proparly n it doesnt plays streaming videos n asks for downloading d video in some sites
very useable application.and so fast.
very useable application.and so fast.
Awsome gooooooooooooooooooooooooooosddddddddddddddddd
It became slow and crashes.when I download a file... the screen gets lock the download cancelled itself
Opera fast browser
I just bought s3 galaxy and I  downloud it ! But it won't open Why?? From 5 to 1 !!! It's bad ... 6.5 the best
I just bought s3 galaxy and I  downloud it ! But it won't open Why?? From 5 to 1 !!! It's bad ... 6.5 the best
Don't work on my galaxy S III
This is the best browser I've ever used so fast
Terrible javascript ability. Can't copy text correctly. No ability to zoom out further than 100%. UI is terribly buggy and slow. But sure saves airtime.
Life z struggle
excellent update.... performance 50% better than previous one* don't change it, pleaze
It was nice
Not good also
Ok
Ok
Super maacha
Nice
I like this app most....
fast browsing :-):-)
Best apps'but when we download from net it got downloading error
Faad app!!
Really gr8
Very usefull for me & also.for u... I like opera mini.. Love it...
Its very googd app
Very nice opera
Very good
Fast, amazing,  clean.
Nice browser
I have tried many internet browsers on my samsung galaxy mobile.. But the best one I found was Opera mini. It can't be compared with any. Its so unique and the best. I dont know why people are having problems !
This app helps those people who travel to places where fb do not work. Vietnam fb would jam the normal fb app but opera mini works. Keep up the good job!
This makes browsing the web as fast as a regular computer! Five stars!
This version is very fast. Enjoy it.
Fixed my problem after the icecream sandwich update that Verizon and Motorola couldn't figure out.
The best browser i have ever used. Download it. It is the ULTIMATE BROWSER.
super buttery, i'd guess it's definetly GPU accelerated, also fullscreen mode for phones like XPERIA with menu button (toggles menu bar and software button to appear) and compresses data for more efficient usage!!
Sexy
THE BEST OUT THERE
When we keep on stand by while downloading that file goes closed not get completed file.
When we keep on stand by while downloading that file goes closed not get completed file.
Its the best browser of all
i lov opera so esy
Besr browsing
H8 cool
works perfectly - a must have
Nice browser does It's work well must download app
i Like it nice one.....
There is good softwere ,and fast browser
There is good softwere ,and fast browser
There is good softwere ,and fast browser
it moves fast to the internet! thnks!
Downloading is slow
dvdsg
awesome browser .....try ths ...
awesome browser .....try ths ...
It Supports everything
Achcha hayyy
This works actually better than others.
Best browser, fast n sweet
U know what mean.
Cool it is cool
K
Super
Super
Best application..
Its best for my xperia 8 rather than any other browser....
but all browsers have their own special features....
Good
Fantastic mind blowing
Opefa prooved to b d fastest mobile browser in d world.... bt ders a ting... if u hav to download try UC web.... for browsimg its Opera mini itself.... dnt go for Dolphin... it cant giv half d speed Of opera....
Good
The best period
Anyone who says that this is crap for Facebook, has OBVIOUSLY not downloaded the Facebook app to their phone!!
Always satisfies me ! :]
Always satisfies me ! :]
I can download rar type of files now.
Bad on so many levels. Crashes all the time and does not let you scroll pics in FB. UNINSTALLED
Bad on so many levels. Crashes all the time and does not let you scroll pics in FB. UNINSTALLED
Bad on so many levels. Crashes all the time and does not let you scroll pics in FB. UNINSTALLED
Bad on so many levels. Crashes all the time and does not let you scroll pics in FB. UNINSTALLED
best
Try it....its awsum
its gives me  a great speed
Awesome
Would love the ability to flip to more start pages to the left and right, like on the desktop.
Would love the ability to flip to more start pages to the left and right, like on the desktop.
Would love the ability to flip to more start pages to the left and right, like on the desktop.
Great Mich Better than the one built in
Tooooo gud nd a much fast bowser
Once using opera on my s40 device i hve dwnlded 100's of mb data without any failure,but in d android i cant even dwnld a 30mb file,without restarting it 2 to 3 times,wt hpnnd 2 u guys,pls fixz ittt
Is the best proformes
Totaly useless i cant even install this app
It´s bad I can't update it
ok......
What a joke!!! The newer the version the worse it is!!! Constantly locks up and has to be shut down and restarted!!!
Easy & friendly to use never consume any memory
Not working. In ksa
……………………
.......... /--)
........./.../
......./ ....(______
▓▓..........((_ I___)
▓▓..........((_ I___)
▓▓..........((_ I___)
▓▓---.__((_I__)
.......
Now smthng allright X
Loves this.can you please tell what the diffrence b/w the both 854kb and 13.14mb browser
The best browser EVER!!
The best browser EVER!!
fast n reliable.....awsum love it!!!recomended by me!!!!!!!
awesome app
Nice centres
Suparb......
Suparb......
Excellend
fdsdh
After upgrade my galaxy mini from froyo to gingerbread 2.3.6, only this apps seems to crash on regular basis ....
Nice bt no download resume
Good browser to upload xnxx video
Good
it is very gud...  It browse very fast. ......
i've installed this app on my device..... its fast..... but crashes unexpectedly and also doesn't support html5 and flash player, the stock browser in my device has these features.... i'd request the developers to fix this too before the users decide to go with their stock one which does quiet decent job.....
Pros: Fast browsing. Best data saver(as it comes in obml format). Save page(only in obml format) Cons: No java scripting.  Bad download manager.
By Troy T Editor of Power Players Magazine. @powerplayers twitter #powerplayerstv instagram
Ten times better than  Google! And its lightning fast. You will love it!
Kool
Kool
But not perfect. Bug with saving files with same name in same folder. You end up with multiple copirs of just 1 file. HTC Desire.
Easy to search web,download,n anythings.
Very good on Galaxy S3
Fast,efficient and easy to use.unbeatable. Next best is dolphin HD
Its gd
Top rated app
Aircel  poor networking but aircel+opera=speed so pls lanche opera Sim simly to good
Aircel  poor networking but aircel+opera=speed so pls lanche opera Sim simly to good
Aircel  poor networking but aircel+opera=speed so pls lanche opera Sim simly to good
Really good
Really good
Super fast browser
Superior to other browsers in play store. In one word "excellent"
Very good game to play
I use opera in my mobile samsung galaxy s2 but its not working a few days i send you lot of email but no reply
The recent update is terrible. It used to not connect to any website. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling again, but now it doesn't even install. Please fix this. This browser is my most favorite and this update ruins everything in it. For those who do not have 7. DO NOT UPDATE, STICK TO THE PREVIOUS VERSIONS.
Amazing
like
works like a charm
Supr on mi s3 its gr8
Supr on mi s3 its gr8
Best
Nice
I like
I love opera...
Really an awesome browser for edge connectivity
easy and facility of selecting text plus download it.
Awesome web browser
In the past this app worked great, but now I am unable to even open it anymore without it crashing instantly. Please fix.       Sidekick4g
Report
Report
Report
good
Opera mini know no open
this ROX
Very bad browser
I like it...^^
The update is terribale it made my tab galaxy very slow
I like it
Fastest browser ever.
Good
Awsme
Verry,good,apps, My,name,is,pratap,singh,sadda,haq,ettha,rakh
Amazing but got a hang problem
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Hi developers of opera mini , i love the operamini but in my New HTC one v it will close automatically when using fix this problem...
Ok. Its narmal   fast
Awsome! Light and help me when I can't sign in to a forum by local browser. Thank you so much!
Best
Very nice
Good
good
Super speed
Super speed
Fd
Gooood
Awesome
Vry exclnt and time saving
l like this because lt is very fast.
Very good browser, better than all the other browsers
It's nice ....works great .....
Nyc browzer     :-):-):-):-):-)
I already hav opera but stl tried other browsers nd wnt to say all browsers r crap xcluding operamini... Aichya gavat....
Actu
Actu
Actu
Really!!!!
Really!!!!
Awesome!!!
rocks
Browser not working when un  installed and re.installed it gets stuck after opening with the installation dialog
Best apps for samsung s2
no need
awsom
awsom
awsom
like
this is very usefull
Its too good and essential....
Sangat Memuaskan
vry easy to operate!!!
Extremely love it...very quik nd just does wat its ment to do!
Muralidhar
Suss Good
Its easier to download mp3 files using opera mini :)
osam..app..in galaxy y..!!
good
Opera mini Name:qayloos,NBI, KENYA,ilike opera mini becouse it is agood service,&again ican say it is nice service.
Nice
Bad
I have always been a fan of opera mini which i used to use on my samsung star...now on my Motorola defy plus also it works like a charm...thanks opera...
Excellent browser, unparallel. I use it on my galaxy y pros.
Fast and easy to use. Compresses data and saves on data costs but this also means that pages load quickly.
gud
I have to use this whenever Cricket throttles my data. It makes it a little faster using this.
this version of Opera crashed once in a day......everyday from its released date..... But better than old 7.0.1 which used to crash a lot
It's awesome nd really wonderful+fast
It's superb... No other words to say..!! But it doesn't work background since when downloading some songs if focus goes out of opera the download stops... Plz fix it..!!
^_^  smiley
The best part of this app is tht block website are unblock
a w e s m
Good
Nice
very nice brawer so fast
This app has been a must have on every phone I've had for the last 3 years. It's been very good on all the smart phones I've ever had.
Fast
Fast
Since two days Opera stop working in Saudi Arabia , It is general problem or special for my country  All Site not open and the message came "Unable to connect" !! Galaxy S to Android 2.3
Since two days Opera stop working in Saudi Arabia , It is general problem or special for my country  All Site not open and the message came "Unable to connect" !! Galaxy S to Android 2.3
Since two days Opera stop working in Saudi Arabia , It is general problem or special for my country  All Site not open and the message came "Unable to connect" !! Galaxy S to Android 2.3
Since two days Opera stop working in Saudi Arabia , It is general problem or special for my country  All Site not open and the message came "Unable to connect" !! Galaxy S to Android 2.3
Help me opera doesn't loading page
Help me opera doesn't loading page
Help me opera doesn't loading page
Xcellent
Look, if you really want speed in your browsing and can tolerate few evil crashes, it is the fastest browser in world, im saying it cos i've tried dolphin,maxthon,etc. In trends of speed it is best.
It doesn't even install . It sais installing and then nothing happens.
This is great for downloading videos
Force close fix it
Supper
Awesome!
I was pumped about putting a bite-sized Opera on my new phone cause I love it on my desktop... day two of using it (for only gamefaqs and 4chan) and now it won't boot, I gotta reinstall it now. Reading a few previous ratings I've noticed I'm not the only one this happens to. A fix on this BSOD would be nice.
Love this app but I can't figure out how to add a search engine (bing) to the list
Awesome
best browser
Best .  But plz do one thing as we exit d browser there should be an option of CLEAR BROWSING HISTORY,like in in uc browser. Plz do dis asap..
Best .  But plz do one thing as we exit d browser there should be an option of CLEAR BROWSING HISTORY,like in in uc browser. Plz do dis asap..
No.1 world wab browser  Thanks opera
Smooth and easy browser.
The fastest browser on 2G network, using it for many years, just keeps getting better.
Hi
It was nice
Wow.very fast browser
Settai
سريع
^_^
Very fast browser
Very fast browser
Best application
I was a regular user...all of a sudden stopped working..tried re-installing but wont install...i need this app!! Do something!!!! :@
I was a regular user...all of a sudden stopped working..tried re-installing but wont install...i need this app!! Do something!!!! :@
Keep coming back
The vary slow but I like it function.....?
I was using opera mini 7.0.3 version and its working super fine,fast and easy,one of theeee best.Shashank Deshpande.
am loving it
You should add screenshot to the next version
Good
Good
Amazing, simple, fast on LG esteem
good
Well designed slick browsing well done. Data efficient too? Yet to see.
always force closes
Fastest n Best Available
Fastest n Best Available
Oklah...Good....
Love it  But i need inbuilt download manager
I work in a poor reception area and without this little app i would literally be lost amazin app, probably the most important in the app store
great
Superb
Itz nt good sum tyms itz nt wrkng at all nd alzo so slow....
All time Perfect,,,,app!!!!!
Gr8
Good
It z such a important function.....
Gd
Night
superb browser alwayx like it
perfect
perfect
great browser... ever....
So gooooooooooooooood
Obviously the best. Love the way it works! :)
Obviously the best. Love the way it works! :)
I LUV THIS APP. IT'S QUIK & EASY 2 USE.. IT'S GRATE..
Opera is the best and fastest android browser....
Fast then our thoughts
Fast then our thoughts
Good onee
For slower phones with less ram like my samsung galaxy exhibit (exhibit ii), this browser is by far the best browser out on Google play so far. It has tabbed browsing and yet it is as fast and buttery smooth and the stock Android browser. This makes opera mini literally the best of both worlds, perfecting functionality and speed/responsiveness in one. Great job!!
I've been using this app for a few years, and now when I install it on my new phone, it "cant connect to the internet" to install. ??? Optimus V
Very nice
Wow....Great application since many years...i have been using since last 7 years under different platforms...
its best browser which ill for fast access
sala dowmload ni hunda
Nice
Pretty gud web browser..bt while dwnloading a big file if i minimize the application nd do smethng elz then the dwnload freezes nd atlst getz failed..plz fix dis:-(
Excellent performance by opera
very good
very good
Great app very quick recommend to anybody
Great app very quick recommend to anybody
It says now "Your phone isn't compatible with this version" ...HD2
Excellent app...........
Sooooper fasT browseR ever xD...keeP iT uP..
i like it kata
Aadil
Nce one.
Nce one.
Nce one.
Awsm
Very fast
love u
Nice
amazing!!
Juzz lv dis app. Wrks so nicely.. A must download app.. :))))
Best browsing experience
supeeeer b
its gud..:-)
Varun nagpal
Awsm
gud 1
Good
Verry nice.......surfing so fast to other browsee try it!
I like opera this is browser guru
I cant open my yahoo mails and downloading speed is slow compared to uc browser. .
FASTEST browser on Google Play...using it from 2 years ..
awsum
Its a good browser i really like it
Its a good browser i really like it
The best browser out there. Works absolutely great on my tablet.
Its exxceleent
Its exxceleent
Its exxceleent
Excellent. Only needs a desktop user agent and ANDROID (not mobile) user agent. Also, bigger text size option for high density pixel displays!
Excellent. Only needs a desktop user agent and ANDROID (not mobile) user agent. Also, bigger text size option for high density pixel displays!
Good communication
Nice
Nic
Nic
Do
Fast...easy...simple!! Best phne browser!!
it is a good browser
this browser is fast really fast!! but the problem is if u minimize. it restarts again. other than that its perfect
No doubt That itz The best browser. And none of the browser Compete it. But Only Problemis It Cannot open Facebook afrer Recent updates. Pleade Fix it.
The BEST
Five stars
its very speedy browser
Chorrrrrrrrrrr
The app i cant live without...had used it previously in Symbian...it gets betr with every update...loved it
GUDDI
I hav always been a fan of opera !!
now THIS is a fast browser. good work
I have been using this browser since two & half years. I have also used many other browsers but this one beats them ALL.. Great UI & amazing speed...
not good nor bad
sablog download karna
What is difference between opera mini browser n opera web browser .mini is 850 kb n opera web browser is 13 MB
What is difference between opera mini browser n opera web browser .mini is 850 kb n opera web browser is 13 MB
Nice
Great.
should have a minimise option..
very nice
elegant and fast... keep it up
It is the bomb, I like it
It is the bomb, I like it
Best web browser around fast looks good and easy to use.
Better thx
Probably the best browser app ever, like seriously
Best app I've ever used!!!in  love whit it !!!!!!
It is a time consuming and entertainer software I like it.
This app sucks period.
Its realy a nice app. I think every 1 must try it 4r once
It's a gud browser
Wht a great appss '
Terbaikk
Its interest
thanks to opera
Great app
love iT
Latest version (6.1.25375) is SLOOOWWWWW. SGS 2.2 I've been using it a long time. Something changed in the last version. It's broken.
Good
Excellent app
Amazing browser
Toooo goood.....
Toooo goood.....
very fast.... i like this apps.
Awesom
I just love it! It's what I wanted, I needed and even more, but it's still easy to use!
Best browser ever!!
I like it
It works great
Amazed.
Great galaxy note,  passed blocked sites
Great galaxy note,  passed blocked sites
Great galaxy note,  passed blocked sites
Great browser
Xcellent
super
The best
vải lồn
vải lồn
Yo
Great apps after the upgrade.keep up improving to support flash player.
my favourite browser i rate it 5 stars....!!!!
Wonderful browser!! Works well with Droid X2
Awesome
Jt
Softwar
Does all the things
Home page itself  does not open
Too slow when I updated it in newest version,now Im using the older version bc I look faster than new one
Best browser i have found yet
GOOD APPSSSSS
Fast browsing  Ashmit
Best browser
Best browser
Good but wen gone back the download s cancelled ....
This is very great device, but sometimes when i have to download videos he doesn't let and it tells me that it failed. Please try and fix this immediately and you will probably have one of the best apps yet
Gud...
This is the best web browser for the cell phone
So compact. Makes everyday browsing beautiful.
Great app!!!!
Like this
This browser is very fast. I'm already using opera on my symbian phone,so it is very familiar. U should try it. :-)
This is very nice application its really very faster .
Very good
compare to other browser opera is  the best
Download it
its not as fast as it should and also have maximized frame which reduce screen size
ii LuF Diiz App...
I've been using Opera browsers for over 10 years and love them. Opera knows how to handle textbox inputs (take note Dolphin). When you press "Back" in Opera - it goes back instantly and doesn't start cycling... like *useless* browsers do. Opera MINI is easily the FASTEST and best browser around! If you need heavier duty browser, then get Opera MOBILE.
I like everything except u have to add pages to home page ur self
Ni barang baik!!!!!
Good
Good
achcha
Very good
Very good
It's my favourite web browser
Was great, after last update pages take forever to load, often just timing out. Not my connection as other browsers load fast. Disappointing Opera!
Pages load faster,u can add speed dials.  overall its one of the best browser for ur mobile.
Super browser
Super browser
best
Good
Very awesome app for android phone its work really fast.
Its amazing what Opera can Do
Really fast browser.
Really fast browser.
very fast browsing
Nice browser if u hv a limitd or slow data. Loads faster than any other browser just you have to face ugly graphics if u access facebook. Overall 5 stars
Nice browser if u hv a limitd or slow data. Loads faster than any other browser just you have to face ugly graphics if u access facebook. Overall 5 stars
Exellent
Why do updates make apps worse thesedays? Same problem as mas sergio...the whole paragraph is relative. If it aint broke dont fix it!!! Couple months back i had NO problems!!!! Crapp. Update 23/5/12 and it just got worse. Wont go to pages im trying to view. Blank white screen instead of a site lol terrible! 25/06/12 Loading blank pages and taking long
Why do updates make apps worse thesedays? Same problem as mas sergio...the whole paragraph is relative. If it aint broke dont fix it!!! Couple months back i had NO problems!!!! Crapp. Update 23/5/12 and it just got worse. Wont go to pages im trying to view. Blank white screen instead of a site lol terrible! 25/06/12 Loading blank pages and taking long
faster
faster
faster
It is excellent
Good very fast.......
wow
To cut your data costs
Its fast and does its job well
opera mini was working perfectly until past two days it keeps crashing when I pinch zoom any web page. please fix this issue.
Awsum
Gr8 Application
Gr8 Application
Very fast
Using opera mini is always comfortable..
Just installed Opera Mini on my LG Optimus Elite (Android 2.3.7)--I'm pleasantly surprised by how much faster it is than Dolphin HD (my Sprint network is a bit slower than most at 3G).   Love the tab system. Love the new tab page where you can easily tap on a site you like.
This is the best browser period I have a Sony xperia play and edge loads my web pages faster than any other.....love it	Title says it all..
Awesome
Toooo good...bt lil show smtyms
I love opera mini and its great to use but since last update it freezes and closes..I got another browser and it never hangs so problem is in opera..plz fix it
I love opera mini and its great to use but since last update it freezes and closes..I got another browser and it never hangs so problem is in opera..plz fix it
Very Gud
gud apps
exelent i like. it's very fast browser
it s gud app..
Ty
Ty
Nice
Very fast
I make it my default browser. Perfect for......... wonder full speed and downloading .........love this browser. I'm come from Java to android ..... . Firstly hate this but becomes my favorites one
I feel it's best browser
No glitches, speedy, and it's just great all around
I just love this app!!
Super fast, nice ui, only thing its missing is full-scren browsing.
Sam
Loading images very fast. Worth to be installed on android.
very best speed
Awsm in red colour
So good
Rock
Couldn't view desktop version of sites....uninstalling..
Couldn't view desktop version of sites....uninstalling..
<3
Nice..side
very interesting
I like this
The best browser for Android. Just needs a special downloader with it.
Fa
Fa
bindass :-)
bindass :-)
Fast loading and the best tab system out there.
Supeeb
Pretty good :)
Pretty good :)
Love it :)
One of the best browsers I've ever used...
