I cant start it on my Samsung Tab. It just shows a list of "phone, disc" etc but no clue what one is supposed to do. Some instructions would be nice
Best thing ever for HTC Evo. When using full size keyboard press enter many times and then scroll up or down for better view of doc.
Best thing ever for HTC Evo. When using full size keyboard press enter many times and then scroll up or down for better view of doc.
Cmon how difficult is it for the app to save downloaded attachments to SD card by default?
Asking me to pay for the update again. No reply to my email by the dev. Must be a better option out there..
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
I just uninstalled, could not save a word document in a .docx format with a small jpeg in the document. It looks great until you save and then reopen and there is a "?" where the picture was. After looking at the program features I realized there is no "jpeg" support! Typical buyer beware! I've wasted $15 dollars before but had a lot more fun.
Just downloaded but didplays message 'network error'. How do I fix this?
s3 ics4.0.4 can't update
Got it on sale for a dollar, wasn't worth it. I use it on my LG P-999, and the amount of keyboard lag makes it unusable, even for straightforward word processing. I emailed tech support, and never heard back.
I've only tried this for Excel - very buggy. Absolute references don't change when rows are inserted/deleted. Formulas fail and then work properly when the same formula text is pasted from another cell!  I can't trust this for any important spreadsheet - so I can't use it.
Download keeps getting stuck at 8.71out of 14.66MB.
Why on earth should this be essential for providing a solid user experience? Please remove this spyware feature!!
Italics are no longer displayed in Word  on Samsung Note ICS - basic bug, please fix.
Why adverts in a paid app!
But it doesn't work it always has a network error
It's appalling that a reasonably expense word processor then charges again for the privilege of using some essential fonts. Also this is essentially incompatible with bluetooth keyboards as it frequently crashes when you try and use backspace.
Crucial saving glitch, even if I manually save after each paragraph. Upon opening the app, pop up appears informing me that I may"recover" files. After the file is "recovered" I notice missing data.   Also, files created in this app do not open with other full office sites. only regrets.deleting.
Really lags when typing on my Nexus 7. It's the only app that lags on my tablet.
I used OfficeSuite for well over a year before I permanently switched to Google Docs. The app is consistantly fraught with glitches, and on five separate occasions, I've lost whole pieces of work due to file corruption. In every instance, the response by customer service has been so slow, I've been forced into rewriting everything that I lost rather than wait for an employee to start an email chain back and forth that would be so long, it would ultimately wrap around the world twice. Sad. Disappointing.
It was working great with Motorola Zoom but after the last update  cannot see the sdcard anymore. Very disappointed...
Crashes with a network error on Nexus 7 at the start screen.
Why the need for wifi permissions? State clearly why!
Does wonders. Highly recommended among office apps
Except for PDF reading which is still surprisingly slow, this app works OK on my HTC Desire Z as far as Word and Excel documents are concerned, although there are annoying limitations. I don't use PowerPoint on my smartphone, so cannot comment on this feature. The developer is starting to annoy customers by offering obsolescent fonts at a premium price! On a Windows PC, who uses Arial? My grandfather probably used that - fortunately we now have clearer MS fonts like Tahoma and Verdana. As for Times New Roman, hasn't the developer heard of the current MS font Georgia?! This app has a worryingly long list of permissions. It feels like selling your soul to the devil. I do not need an internet connection when using MS Office programs on my PC, so why do I have to give so much fredom to the developer to view and alter the contents of my phone? Why perform operations like adding and removing accounts, and deleting their passwords? Beware.
Deceptive font download prompt, compatibility font pack costs more than just an 11MB download. No way to remove advertising link to dictionary downloads when viewing on tablet. Link is not present on application screenshots. Permissions even after reading reasons on website sound suspect, uninstalled.
Great application very convenient
This app doesn't need any of the system tools, phone state, or account permissions. Why does it have them? Get rid of them and I will re-rate.
This is a simple app to use and it works to do just what I need to do every day.
Very slow pdf rendering. About 3x slower than adobe. Without the optional pack (bought separately) you cant change fonts. You have the options but doesent do anything.
Just a vehicle for other payments.
Why oh why
Runs all the time and needs to be able to change network connection state.
Well this was a good app but now the devs got greedy and are charging more money to use fonts??? They are asking more money to use an item that is built into the app. Way to ruin your customers and fan base.... jerks.
After buying Office 'Pro' it says I need to BUY an add on pack to view Microsoft Office fonts like Cambria in my documents. Wish I could get a refund.
Trial version of their Office viewer came installed on the new tablet. Looked nice, so decided to get the "pro" version. Also payed for the font add-on. Every time I start the app it gives a message that the installed fonts need to be downloaded. Tablet states "download successful", but the fonts are not there.  Also has an issue with the margins: Full page of text from the original document suddenly doen't fit on one page anymore, so an extra page break is added, messing up the layout of the documents.  I'm just glad I got this during the discount period, going to look for something else.
Java language error. Can't open anything as it will say database errors. Waste of dollar.
For full functionality you have do buy additional packages. Don't buy this app!
Once you pay for the app you find out that the app will then spam you with other addons that you need to buy and the app is constantly running in the background even if it was not launched after a restart. I have now moved on to Smart Office and is so much better then this
App seems to work alright. Paying for extras in the PRO version is kind of ridiculous.  Biggest peeve is the new permission requests in latest update. NO WHERE have you stated WHY you need to modify and connect to my network connections. Will not update.
Viewer version or pro version below problems are there 1. After some time/days File directory not showing, only search is working, checked in settings, file path also correct, but it not showing any memory card,usb,internal memory folders, 2. Half of the screen occupied by logo and options, 3. It unable to open large files same files able to open another app
Purchased & registered for 99¢ today and the additional 99¢ for the font package (where is that?)  Update available: The TRIAL VERSION?   Answers are NEEDED!
And a big minus for selling additional fonts (why not include it in the price for the pro version???)
Will give a 5 if can use the stylus to write on office document directly. But overall been using since last year. great software.
I paid this much money only to be frustrated, have corrupt files, and waste time??!!
Charging $4.99 for a Windows font pack is shameless.
Buyer beware.
Too many add on cost
Cheats you out of a lot of money to get very common features. . . Money back plz!!!
No spell check, have to download dictionary($24) & buy fonts ($5) this program sucks.  Will someone please build a serious office suite for android.
Basically the free version, requires additional paid addons to work properly, always runs in background, bloated permissions that the app doesnt need
If you purchase this application they will require you to purchase more upgrades to make it work. My fully paid application now requires me to buy more add ons or it does not load up. Avoid this app until the company creating it stops gouging on its product.
Cannot understand why it needs the permissions it asks for therefore uninstalked even tho peeviously paid for. Would not recommend while it still requires these permissions. Very unhappy.
This app is turning into another Trojan scam with all the permissions it needs. I am not updating it for now and will be deleting it if its not fixed.
No longer comfortable with the number of permissions asked for by this application.
Uninstalled when requested to control network state.
The worst app in the market. Uninstalling!!!
Greedy
AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE - Try to bleeding money out of you and wants access to every permission possible.  V. poor coding, and as for charging extra for fonts - You only label something as "pro" and charge exorbitant price when it is supplied complete. If I could give it minus 5 stars I would, it also kills your battery. I sincerely hope they go bankrupt for their deceptive poor product.  Shocking, just shocking.
Come on!! If you are gonna play dirty & get this app to the paid add-on carpware - at least make us pay for something you developed!!! Fonts???!!! Really....??!!!!
Until you explain one star
Nazi Permissions....I don't know the developer personally. Why the hell would I let him control my network state, read contacts, etc. And buying fonta for an office app??? Really? YOU SUCK GUYS...GREEDY.
Greedy. Just greedy. Becareful.
Constantly trying to milk money out of you to keep it updated. Forget it
There is no reason for a paid office app to need network access. Is there any way to get a refund on this crap? This is the main reason I am very reluctant to pay for any apps.
There is no reason for a paid office app to need network access. Is there any way to get a refund on this crap? This is the main reason I am very reluctant to pay for any apps.
I have to pay for fonts and features after I buy the PRO? The word pro implies it has all the features. Disappoint
Poor show lads, font should be included in Pro version
No explanation at all in the release notes.  What's the reason for all the new permissions?  Explanation urgently needed.
Despite paying for the app, they continue to require more money for things like the office font pack.
Greedy
Pay extra for fonts? Might as well change the word "pro" to "basic". Misleading title. And the developer is cunning enough to have the "buy additional fonts" window appear after 20 minutes after purchase - the time frame for a refund. Disgusting marketing tactics. Simply disgusting.
Need to purchase fonts,uninstall the pro
Worst apps ever, u couldnt find elsewhere that the pro version isnt pro, and need to pay $5 for font support, wtf big time!
Greedy mofos
Negative for making us purchase additional packages. Better off purchasing a different doc app that has no hidden charges. Instead of just improving the pro version with new features you expect us to pay more?
You have to pay for add ons that should be free after paying for this so called PRO version.  Do not buy this app!
WTF?? Pay for just font??? Did u make those fonts by your self or just copy from ms windows and sell it?
Why are you changing the permissions without providing a full changelog?
I paid for pro but with additional charges for fonts it looks like i got "half Pro" application
Asks for font install (for more money) as soon as opened. Clearly the fonts should have been included in main install.
How rude to expect more money for fonts when you've already paid for the program! There are less greedy app developers around.... This app is nothing special
Even if you will buy this 'pro' version, you will still need to pay to get  Microsoft fonts. What is the point of buying this 'office' app, if you have to pay extra to get it to read documents with 'Office' fonts?
was liking it but then I tried to save a docment the save button refused to respond. Result utterly useless and work lost. hope it gets fixed ASAP or I can uninstall it and get a refund.
Had my grad speech typed and saved app deleted it. Thanks for nothing
Very average app for a free app, but disappointing as a paid app.  I have noticed that word documents do not display spaces in text properly.  Also having to pay for fonts to display word documents correctly is ridiculous.  That is the whole reason I bought this app! I hope this app improves.  If it does then I will change my review.  Until then, 1 STAR!
I bought this app and now they are asking for more money on the font package. It is a fraud. It does not support my Hebrew documents and I can do nothing with this software. I will never do business with this company.
Does everything I need it to do word/excel. Brilliant!
I purchase pro so I expect to automatically get font compatibility! But no they charge on top. What a joke!
I needed an editor that allows for embedding of graphics. With the support of MS files, that seem to come as a natural. Surprises start the moment you open a microsoft docx file with graphics. The graphics lose their formatting and, more annoing, the application keeps crashing (at least on my Lenovo tablet). And a second surprise; if you want spelling, you have to buy a 15.99 package (nearly three times the price of the editor). It seems to me that this is a cheap shot for a product that calls itself "pro".
I bought it especialy for using ”word”, in Hebrew. But, sentences are exhibited feom the lend to the end, in kind of mirror prompt
Have used quick office and others and this is the slowest to open large files and falls to open several pdf files.
Went from five stars to one for making fonts an extra charge for an app I already paid for
I tried it with two PDFs and it was impossible to navigate them, on portrait mode it took its time (around a second per page), instead of using progressive rendering it shows you a nice set of background squares until the full page is completely rendered. In landscape mode is plain ridiculous, it has to render the piece of the page you are moving to EVERY SINGLE TIME (with the nice background with the squares of course), that makes a smooth reading absolutely imposible. I can't talk about other file formats because I haven't tried them.  Also, very nasty business practice to ask you to spend some extra 4€ for a font package (¿?) right after the first start, that might have improved the performance (I haven't tried it), but performance IS NOT an add on, put in the app everything that is needed for it to work properly and charge accordingly from the start.  Go spend your money somewhere else, this app is not worth it.
Sorry that's a sham. Include the fonts with the initial purchase and stop wasting so much of my phone's memory.
XL formulas are STILL not working as they should. Please can you correct this ASAP! This issue has now been outstanding for some time (v 5.5.752 was the last version to work correctly). If you are not happy to resolve this issue then please note that I am happy to receive a refund. I await your response. Thank you.
The developer wants extra money for the fonts. I already paid for the program. The I regretted I bought this program.
Once u buy this app u will be bombarded with offers to buy upgtades that should come with it for free. Stop spaming users who actually paid for this junk!!!
Can't use it. Everytime I try to open any documents it crashes right after it opens it. Weird. Fix it!
it crashes my galaxy note every time i install it.. i've uninstalled and installed it 2x and the same thing happened, my phone keeps on resetting..
Still waiting for reply fr developer on how to solve problems... Give 1 star 1st until problem resolved.
Turtle speed in viewing pdf file as compared to my default document viewer in Asus Garmin A50. An android 
disappointment!
No SkyDrive support
Starts to download but stops at 6mb.....
Come on, it got to have a spell checker!
I have paid and it does not support hebrew. Unfortunatly the company does not refund!!!! Its crap
"View, Edit, Print and Share your office documents on the go!"  NO, it does not. This software has not printing function.  So why writing a lie, is it to mask the fact it does not have a spell-check?  Also don't plan to read PDF unless you have a lot of time, it is so slow.
Says 'Network Error' on startup. Anybody knows a solution?
Keep getting network error
With the latest update the OfficeSuite Pro crashed and I was unable to reinstall the app.
Didn't work. Just got a "network failed" and it crashed. I couldn't get a refund, even after only 5 minutes! I emailed the company twice and they never responded. Horrible experience all around. Customer service is a joke. Deliberately avoided giving me a legit refund!
Won't let me save word docs.
Have tried lots of other mobile doc progs and this works best for me! Thanks!
Apparently all of the reviews I read and information regarding how this product worked was a waste of time.  I have company documents that I created in Office 97 that I need to be able to look at and modify and when I open them up, the formats are all screwed up.  Also, a lot of the information is just missing.  I guess if  you are just creating simple documents with no graphics then this may work for you.  For me, it's a complete waste of $15.  I wish I had purchased an IPAD.  Application choices are much better.
Just don't do a factory reset on your phone after purchasing this app!!!  It will not work afterwards!!! I've tried contacting support 3 times already to no avail!  Now I'm stuck with a worthless app!
There is no spell check without buying a $24 dictionary. That is insane! For something that is this price. Wow
Trial version worked ok, so purchased and installed this full version on my Sony Tablet S but did not try it till after the 15min refund period had passed. Now, when I run the full version it says "Network error" and exits a few seconds after starting up. Tried uninstalling trial version and full version and reinstalling full version - still get the same error...
Not ground breaking as no spell check.
All i get when i try to open a pdf is "No application can handle this file."  At least it only cost 3$
Cannot update error 403!
I paid 10 bucks for this app and when I try to open it on my Asus transformer I get a network error message and am unable to use it. When I tried to contact the company I was directed to a full tmoble mailbox and the call was ended. Don't waste your money!
I just finished working on a 9 sheets excel document.  Saved it after updating each sheet.  Just tried to send it to another user and it came out as a .day file now I cannot use it and my day has been a waste.  Thanks for a shi**y product.
I started with the trial version,  upon upgrade , they wouldn't allow purchase of pro through market.  A popup took me too their website,  purchased it but they charged me more than advertised . Now market says update available but winter let me because developer had me installed .sold via their website
Works well when the app wants to work but half the time the app closes or recovers a blank document when I'm in the middle of using it. All it is is frustrating and not worth time.
Will not let me update even though I bought the app
I have now lost 6 word .docx files due to corruption upon trying to open the files on my droid razer.  All these files by the way were created and only edited within officesuite pro 5 so it was not as if these documents were accessed by other means.  The first time it happened I lost some notes, no big deal.  But this has been going on since I bought the program in November 2011.  The last corrupted file happened just this morning, and lost quite of bit of notes.  None of the files were able to be recovered on my windows installation of Office 2007.  Very disappointing.  The program was easy to use.  I did not like that you could not set a default font or paragraph spacing which made it very annoying in editing files.  It keeps on insisting to use the default style after all the formatted text.  You had to constantly edit the style.  Going to move on to another .docx editor.
I was really liking this app for ease of use and DropBox integration until it corrupted a mission-critical word file. Had I been unable to recover the file on my Windows workstation I would have lost more than just the money I spent on the app, not to mention the time I spent recovering my file. I was working with a .docx file on a Motorola Xoom Running stock Android 4.0.3. I guess I'll go back to DocumentsToGo, even though I thought OfficeSuite Pro 5 had a better interface and was easier to use. I simply cannot trust that OfficeSuite Pro 5 will not corrupt the next mission-critical file I open with it.
Constant network error
Please work out the bugs so it will open on the Transformer Prime and/or ICS...because it does not.
This program has serious file mgt issues.  I'm fed up with losing files I've worked hours on.  I may not get a refund, but maybe I can dissuade some poor fool from loading this program.
Does not support any of my files, I can not open any spreadsheet's or documents,what a waste of my time and money!! Uninstalling
This app get frozen when I tryed to save my doc in the first 30minutes
Very poor. Want a refund!
I have tried all other things like Polaris, Docs to go & what not. This is the finest ! Guys if you can please integrate word suggestion while typing.
Random & often copying the last word when I hit the spacebar or it puts the curser in front of the word I just wrote. Ranom copying when I tap screen.
bought on a double tap accident, no refund option!!! Any developer without a refund option for the first 15mins is very sketchy to me.
I bought this a week ago for £9.25. Up until 24 hours ago, everything was working great, then it all went horribly wrong with errors everywhere.Beware
I bought this for accessing and editing Google docs. It won't work. Refund not available after 15 minutes. No tech support available.
I just purchased this app. It downloaded and installed. But when I tried to get to the app to start, none of the buttons on my Android worked. So I turned it off and on. Phone no longer works, even after taking out the battery for several minutes & putting it back in! I have to wait until tomorrow for my cell company's tech supportcompletely wipe the phone and send it back to its default status before it'll work again. Lost full purchase price since this took > 15 minutes 2 realize it wasted my phone.
I just purchased this app. It downloaded and installed. But when I tried to get to the app to start, none of the buttons on my Android worked. So I turned it off and on. Phone no longer works, even after taking out the battery for several minutes & putting it back in! I have to wait until tomorrow for my cell company's tech supportcompletely wipe the phone and send it back to its default status before it'll work again. Lost full purchase price since this took > 15 minutes 2 realize it wasted my phone.
Ok well I have emailed about my problem, officially lost a paper for school. It keeps crashing after I type a few words I give up on this app
Ok well I have emailed about my problem, officially lost a paper for school. It keeps crashing after I type a few words I give up on this app
I have wasted my money on it. The software has never worked since its installation and have uninstalled it.
I cant get it to work it just pulls up files from my android? Disappointed.
Could not figure out how to work it @ first, now that ik how, works great and is extremly helpful
Great app. Use it every day. Some Excel files don't display correctly is the only problem I have with the app.
I cant start it on my Samsung Tab. It just shows a list of "phone, disc" etc but no clue what one is supposed to do. Some instructions would be nice
Date format in Excel doesn't work at all. Move2sd also won't work and app is 15 Mb large. Largest app on my HTC Desire... Tech support is slow
This office suite worked wonderfully until I updated the rom on my Nexus 1. Now it is totally erratic. Fail.
This office suite worked wonderfully until I updated the rom on my Nexus 1. Now it is totally erratic. Fail.
This office suite worked wonderfully until I updated the rom on my Nexus 1. Now it is totally erratic. Fail.
Best thing ever for HTC Evo. When using full size keyboard press enter many times and then scroll up or down for better view of doc.
Best thing ever for HTC Evo. When using full size keyboard press enter many times and then scroll up or down for better view of doc.
Best thing ever for HTC Evo. When using full size keyboard press enter many times and then scroll up or down for better view of doc.
This is scam. I paid for this and keep getting a mesage saying...download unsuccessful, please try again. Tried 5 X NOW!
This is scam. I paid for this and keep getting a mesage saying...download unsuccessful, please try again. Tried 5 X NOW!
Asking me to pay for the update again. No reply to my email by the dev. Must be a better option out there..
This app is poor. you can't see what your typing when trying to edit documents. I have to keep closing the keyboard.
I've been trying several apps, pass month and finally came across one that works very well for complicated Excel docs. Thank You OfficeSuite Pro. Evo
Near perfect as a word processor. One HUGE hiccup ia that you cant change the default font size and character. I dislike the default size and font.
Sucks.  Better off with something else.
only problem with some PDF files are wrong output like unble to read text
I made a 5 page word document, saved it in docx format, went to sleep and when i woke up the next morning it said ''error, file is corrupt''. What happened? This is unexeptable, thank god i backed it up because if i didn't, i would lose an important document. Fix this!!!
If you buy the pro version, you won't be able to remove the other one anyway! Make sure your phone has plenty of memory available before installing this
On my Nexus 7 with the fonts addon: Every time I start a new paragraph with the enter key it reverts to the default Calibri 11 font which is buggy. For example 'Testing tt' becomes 'Test ing t t' with the 'i' under the 'n' and a space between the t's. I either have to set it to Arial and never use the enter key and edit it elsewhere later, or ignore the mess on the screen and change the fonts when I'm done.       Also my most-used spreadsheet will open but with serious errors if it is xlsx. It works better with xls, but if I change a typical data cell such as V104 to 500 while W104=W103+U104-V104 and X104=MIN(BY104-BZ104,X105,X106), it calculates X104 to be #VALUE! and a slew of 'down-wind' cells get a '~CIRCULAR~REF~ value. So at least for my uses, it devolves to a simple XLS file viewer, with editing done on a PC.
Sent two emails requesting support no reply, fonts have to be paid as extras then don't install properly, no dictionary without having to purchase it.  Have these guys ever heard of aspell and other GPL tools that can solve these problems.  Expensive and buggy.
the spell checker and fonts that cost extra
Please fix ASAP!  The app stalls at "connecting to server" message. Why I manage to connect to Google drive with their app and cannot with yours?!!! 2 stars until then.
Doesn't have support for named ranges in excel files. Switched to Quickoffice Pro
When I purchased this I expected the full app, now every time I run it I get asked to purchase a font pack for £3 which is more than 3 times what I paid for the app when it was on special. As this app is advertised as ms office compatible you would expect it to have the ms fonts built in from the get go. All the dev has done here is broken up the app to make me pay twice in order to get the complete app.  -  This does work great as an office software but the font add on has wound me up a little bit.  what I dont understand is that none of the office apps for android seem to have built in ODT support, add the odt support and stop penny pinching! £3.20 for fonts wtf!! and I would have given this app a solid 5 stars.
Pay for fonts? Really?
I never wanted to rate this app because i don't want to make it look bad but i have to. Offering fonts should be included in the package without the need of purchasing them. And why the heck should it force itself to start on phone boot? Didn't find an option to change that. Switched to quickoffice. Edit: found permissions explanation in their website; 1 to 2
The word doc is probably the best. I however have issues with saving on my tab, hence I have reverted back to Thinkfree which may not be as elegant but at least works.
I purchase and use many different applications. This one seems far to clunky. Always wants me to download something extra to enhance it's ability. Then takes you to a website that redirects you to google play to purchase said enhancements.
When trying to watch spreadsheets created on my laptop with conditional formating, it removes it, making some spreadsheets useless.
Great app, but why this new permission?!
One of the most annoying things is that the Good Docs part doesn't recognise the folder structure in the account.   That's not good.
Documents To Go opened it....
The office apps works well. The developers have become shamefully greedy though. Taking features that would be part of a true office suite and nickel and diming users instead. I don't know how much longer this app will be on my tablet or phone.
It does seem insincere to pay extra for font pack though they do make it very clear that ms fonts are a paid extra. Very slow to render Pdf's. Initial load is slow and scrolling around and zooming in is jerky and horrible. It's probably not my s3 as it was the same on my desire.
Really bad hebrew support. Impossible to use numbering feature in hebrew. Impossible to type in numbers AND hebrew words on the same line without ruining the entire line.. bad RTL support... plz fix
ASUS TF101 - battery is being gobbled by Officesuite since the last update - looks linked to a 'file enumeration' service.  Please fix.
Already update but still cannot used for my job, just to calculate insurance using excel document but u cant provide it..what a failure..dont buy this product guys
Best mobile office app ever!
Works great... honestly having evaluated every office suite out there for Android I think it's the best.  It should have the ICS spell check functionality integrated into it though.  Reduced to two stars.  Really disappointed about the upsell on fonts and that the notification only says it will take 11mb of space.  If you're going to sell something be up front about it.  "Pro version" starting to feel more like paid intro version.
Overall not a bad app, but why do I have to pay for fonts when I allready paid for the app. (Having to pay extra was NOT mentioned when I bought it).
Works great as a mobile office app but I expect a paid for office app to be compatible with office fonts without having to pay more.
the very best word processor. Too bad they got greedy.
For an app of this price, I'd expect broader functionality. Apart from that, the fonts you have to pay extra for don't install on either of my droids. Not happy.
When I bought this app I was truly amazed by their ui and smoothness but then I came to know about dictionary purchase., then about font purchase, you also I have issues in opening exl files of 6mb, and it never opens..... What the he'll guys.... You are selling pro version or what.....
even though only. 99 cents its force me to buy fonts pack for $5,  bloody hell. the app is mediocre too
It does not open simple one page PDF file(acrobat reader does). Ask additional money for fonts. I already bought this not cheap program. Really disappointed with this product.
pay for windows fonts that's wrong I thought this app was able to handle that already it like buying car without the motor
With all the problems you guys have been unable to fix throughout the past 6 months, do you honestly expect people to pay another 4.99 for a font pack, on top of the 9.99 we have already paid?  Android devs are becoming some of the greeediest SOBs I have ever seen.
the heck does it keep on running in the background all the time taking cpu and ram resources??? why doesn't it display properly pdf files??? please fix it!
I made notes for three hours. The recovery failed to recover the document after crashing and I lost EVERYTHING.  Very disappointed since it seemed to do shrugging so well. AUTOSAVE IS ESSENTIAL IF THS IS TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY.
PowerPoint doesn't let you add any charts or graphs at all.  All you can add is text!!!
I was looking forward to using this app on my tablet but it is missing many basic features such as  the ability to adjust inserted graphics and customizing presentations with arrows or check marks etc. I was just disappointed by the overall lack of features I could use for presentations at work or school. Hope it gets some badly needed upgrades.
When I'm proof reading a word document, and scroll farther down and click to edit something else it jumps back up to where I was previously. I have to scroll back down a second time to edit. Beyond frustrating.
Cant open keep getting network error. Just purchased it
Takes a real long time to connect and communicate with the remote server. Not being able to sort files or get folder views from GDocs makes it way more difficult to use than the native Google app. As long as it's 99 cents, you might want to try it. Anything more is overpriced.
Works well but has some kind of background service that never turns off. Lame.
First look. Does not pull in google spreadsheet conditional formatting.
When entering data in a spread sheet, the program crashed, leaving me with another hours work on my laptop.  I expected better.  Please debug.
Cannot highlight and delete..cannot go to middle of doc and make corrections...deletes letters where I was before I selected to edit. Worked before last update???? Suggestions???
Word, powerpoint and pdf work. On spreadsheets I get "EMFILE(Too many fies open)" error
Ok
Does not format docx properly. Page numbering is diff from original file.
Do not use the Thai language. ไม่สามารถใช้กับภาษาไทยได้ครับ
Version 6 makes row height smaller when you input a cell.  Very annoying!  I use this all the time and used to love it.  Now it is a pain!
PDF reader will not display certain content that other apps including the free Adobe Reader will. Don't know why.
Apple run slow with an 85k spreadsheet. Also, does not copy formulas with absolute references properly.
Dissapointing
I expect more from an office suite. Page set up is missing on all 5 different office suites I paid for so far.
No help, cannot find downloaded files. Thought this was better program
Word processer is super.really liked the program until using thespreaddheet. It will not recognize fixed cells.
It won't open excel files that I have on my phone with a .xls extention.
Slow flipping thru pages...
Does not support any of my files, I can not open any spreadsheet's or documents,what a waste of my time and money!! Uninstalling
After playing with the trial, I loved it.  And the Google Docs feature was a ringer for me so I bought it!  A few days latyer, after a few hours of actually "using" it during a meeting with my students, I became extremely frustrated.  Even aggravated.  It crashes all the time and doesn't always save (not a good feeling when you are using it).  It does have a document recovery feature that is nice, but I feel like I use that feature more often than any other.  Such a shame.
I was initially very pleased with this - the editing functions and general layout of this are much better than others I've tried. However, after spending a good deal of time working on a document on my tablet, Word (on my desktop) refused to open it. I'm a graduate student, and was hoping to supplement work on my thesis with some light writing on my tablet, so not being able to transfer files renders this useless for me. Looks like I'm stuck using this as a viewer only, and really regret having paid for it.
Not fully compatible with windows wordpad, which was the reason I bought it for.
Program works great, support is slow/non existent. No answer about key after for a month. System reset had to reinstall. Ended up paying again
I liked it better when I could choose between edit and view modes. Bottom menu bar a distraction.Easy to accidentally alter a doc when reviewing it.
Seriously lacking documentation in regards to a User Manual or Help function. Unclear eher to save files.
Good rendering but can't really show full scrern. Buy wuickoffice indtead. Not swipe friendly.
Needed to be able to copy and paste cells in a spreadsheet. Found the pro version did what I wanted. This app can also handle Office 2010 files.
I have used the word processor and the sprdsheet, they are both weak and have less function than the bundled free version with Windows Mobile.
Nice app. Worth the cash if you need to work on office file types. Half price is a lie though. I bought for current price months ago.
Great app, BUT can't move to SD card on Nexus One with 2.3.4 so it hogs a lot of memory. Not good.
_cant autocalc large number of xl cells _AUTOCLOSES when multitasking!!! fix these, and is the market leader - otherwise, another dud
Unable to make needed multiple cell formats. Cant center, shade & currancy format a marked string of cells. Reverts back to previous format.
Very easy to use.
Excellent product but why the hell should I pay for the extra functions. I already paid enough!
I mainly use this for the Excel. I have some visibility issues and some of the formulas don't look the way that I created them on the PC. Over all this app is heading in the right direction. Contacting support was easy and they replied within a day or so. I am sure that this will get better with future updates. It does have more features then other apps.
Add spelling collection and I'll give you dive starts.
Oh you want me to pay extra for something the built-in email offers? If I knew before I would have stuck with Quick office HD that does have a dictionary. A real shame as this is really rather good in use.
As compared to Polaris and Kingsoft, the page formatting sucks! The formatting of my lecture slides are screwed up.
App runs well however was a little put off after paying so much for a mobile app only to have it try to charge me another $5 the first time I launch it for a font pace it should already have. It is a mobile app people of course I want it to have the fonts from my PC
I just bought the office suite pro hd and the font package and none of my fonts will save! It keeps reverting back to calibri every new line and I can't keep switching my font every sentence. Someone please help! Otherwise I would give it five starts. Asus transformer
Cant save picture jpegs onto word documents or insert comments when pictures are loaded onto a word document fix this 5 stars...
I have to say, it's one up from Kingsoft Office, not by much and just about worth the 99 cents I paid for this on sale. The PowerPoint function is a joke, utterly useless, you can enter text and that's it. The spreadsheets don't have anywhere near as much function as I'd hoped, you cannot fill formulas down (copy them to an entire column), it doesn't support selecting cells to use in formulas and won't autocomplete them. It also does NOT support physical keyboard shortcuts, despite claiming somewhere it does. Still, it's sleek and easy to use, word handles like a dream and it hasn't crashed on me once - unlike Kingsoft.
Can't set save folder to external sd card, even though app does see the card!  "Gotcha" money extractor for fonts (see other reviews here) and paid app nagware get further demerits.  Ot  Oherwise, a great app!
Use app daily and very well could be the best available but still missing a few tweaks.
More hype than what it delivers.
Great but difficulty with dictionary option. Also slow on opening files, as compared to other word processors.
My Samsung galaxy s2 epic 4g it works super fast on it. But not so good on my Acer Iconia  A500 Tablet it takes forever for a file to load up! But for a PDF it just looks like a bunch of checkerboards and for $14 it should work like a fine tune machine .. please fix
App isn't bad. I mainly wanted excel equivalent but... This is still not what I had expected. I understand this is for mobile devices with touch screen but since some of us have transformer/prime etc there should be better utilization of it. So what I miss on my Transformer is "Ctrl+Arrows" "Ctrl+Home/End" "Ctrl+Enter" and so on. It is very good as is but could you make this app really great by utilizing keyboard even for some people who use BT keyboard on smartphones. It is 5/5 for smartphones but this will still not replace excel  by any stretch of imagination. For me it is 3/5 and really was worth buying while this app was on sale otherwise the price is too high.
On the go document view and editing for Android Phone, I found it on a deal but I don't see myself paying $15 for. The developer should look into making this great app more affordable - $5-$7 is the about the appropriate price point. I am sure the developer will see the volume. Great app, had it for months, 0 crashes or glitches, very stable app. GJ guys.
I miss heading levels in text editor(least h1,h2,h3)
Seems OK. Nothing you can ask more in a mobile office...
The upsell was cheesy but the product is great. Bundle it, bump the price a little, and let your suite be the bar none best.
Bought this for one buck, however they charge 3 dollars to have better font support (which is needed)
Works well with Office products!  The free app is missing too much functionality to really evaluate the app.  It is well worth the money to purchase the full function app.
Why does it ask us to pay more for fonts?
Crash sometimes when open a large file.
So far so good. I must admit it is annoying to buy a dictionary and the fonts should have been included. How do I got the whole lot for 12 pounds I am not complaining. But would not have liked to pay full price.	I have been using this for less than one week so far it is exactly what I require
Add microsoft's skydrive docs to cloud storage and you will get 5 stars from me
uhh so all the update did was add hebrew and fix bugs? Then why u now need permissions to read all private data and control my phone? go suck my left nut
Great application to use, however, It lacks the refinements of MS Office. Needs to have the option of stepping dates when copying. For example if you enter 2 dates in adjacent cells, and you need to be able to copy the two cells and paste across the whole month rather than typing each day. This will make life much easier for users. If this is fixed application deserves 5 stars
A smooth, powerful system, easy to use and effective... however with the lack of an in-house dictionary and spellcheck it makes it difficult to rate this otherwise good product.
Great app, but why this new permission?!
Got an invalid package... error when updating the App. The App itself is a great office App
Good solid app, no dictionary that ain't right at all for a pros version
With first impressions, I could have given 5 stars, because of word, but excel is not function! I can't save the work,I just created. Entering numbers is inefficient as keyboard reverts to letters after every entry.
Where is the page numbers function you advertised?  Anybody know?  I can't seem to find where to insert them.
Spell check - other similarly priced office apps include spell check PPTs are frequently horribly messed up when opened with this, readable, but just barely Annotating of pdfs, I frequently review academic papers and need a way to annotate and highlight pdfs - also available in competing apps A better way to define de default my documents folder - how about a browse to it button!
Good but still could be closer to the PC version
I like the app but why does it insist on access to rob
I own all three paid versions. Office suite is the best though you can't send documents from the app. At the moment I am forced to open up one of the other two after each session to send the doc to a client because they both do it. Also though they have GoogleDocs integration it doesn't show the folders so every single file you have on GoogleDocs shows up in one extremely long list.   If these things were fixed it would be perfect. I took off a star for each because their competitors do both those things.
overall best, but cannot create and use hyperlink
But Greedy
Latest update- Hebrew support Bug fixes -thanks for the clarity there, sheesh, way to be transparent
Plz make .odt compatible
eg. reading mode is missing
It is a good attempt at creating a word documents editor, but the lack of options in editing previously saved word documents, is unbearable. When accessing text boxes, the only option you receive is "View Text Box" where you will be given the option to edit the items, but nothing more beyond that. PLEASE FIX THIS.
Best app in the world for office needs
It's a good doc apparently but one reason I paid for this app it says you can print but it doesn't
I've used this program for six months now and wrote a good chunk of a novel using it.  However, I ALWAYS have to send documents over to a PC to proof for errors.  Italics sometimes janks up whole paragraphs, and they want an absurd amount of money to unlock dictionary/spellcheck functionality.  Or, laughably, fonts.    I was expecting more stability and reliability for something I paid for, and every update so far has seemed to decrease functionality rather than improve.  Someday soon, an open-office-esque program will hit the market and bury this ramshackle contraption, but in the meantime, it's the best I've found. :/  ASUS Transformer
Not sure why I should be charged for a font pack when I have already paid for the application. The font pack is not cheap either. I do feel duped.
It is the best office app I've used thus far,but could use spell check,FREE dictionary & fonts since it is a bit pricey. Also, maybe it's me, but there seems to be a problem with opening/reading PDFs. Otherwise, I really love it...a much needed and much appreciated app!  I purchased this app for $15, now I see that a lot of users got it for $1! Seriously, devs should give free fonts, spell check, and dictionary to the users that bought it at regular price!!! You lose points for that!
Quickoffice has spellcheck,  why can't OpenSuite have it too????? And powerpoint sucks
Spend much time to load PDF file
Overall, this is a pretty good office suite, not worse than the others in the arena but not much better either. Where it looses points is the one goal I'ld really like to use it for: powerpoint presentations. It doesn't show animations, it doesn't support built-in multimedia. And that makes it a very poor PP tool.
I have to say overall it's the best app, I have docs to go and Google drive, heck it's just a little better than Polaris. However, I have a few issues. There is no auto save, needs a better dictionary, better comment integration, read mode, fonts (extra $?... What?). Also, had a few errors which made me loose my work! When deleting the bullets it closes the document... Messed up. Please fix. Thanks
Improve needed
Fairly bloated for what it but good for the price. Recommended if you don't need to rely on it for business.
Because of this message i cannot even start it. Not good at all.
I have waited to get this program... it does everything I need it to do.... but when I go to save my .docx it always says there is an error.... I am not able to save anything that I am creating, which makes this app worthless to me :(  I will give it 3 stars because it does everything that I want, but won't let me save my work....
this is a great application I love using it, I just wish they had better logo for it, unnecessary shading and lighting crowd the image  Also maybe you could add text size up actions to the bottom that  would make this by far the best
Keeping the bar on the bottom was a great idea adds easy access to different actions, however in the office version, you have less viewing space as a result. I would give 5 star for more space to see document, maybe MOVE THE TOP MENU BAR ACTIONS TO THE BOTTOM, then create a little ICON IN THE TOP RIGHT/LEFT
I like to print from my phone, Polaris Office does it would be nice if this had the the same.
I opened a power point presentation but it appears incompleted. I think this app does not support smartags
I have manuals in PDF format that are 500+ pages, this app doesn't support bookmarks. Include that, and it would be close to perfect.
Seems like a good app.  But surprised that it does not come with a dictionary to do spell checking.  Links to a web site trying to sell a dictionary for $4.95.
Getting java exception while saving doc files. Please fix.thanks
The description says you can print. but there is no option for this. The only place it is mentioned is on the description above. I ran a search on their website and in their included help files with absolutely no references to print capabilities anywhere else. Be aware of that if you are getting this for printing.
Frustrated that when I copy to or from the program the docs do not keep their format. Also I can not get docs to attach to email no matter what I try. When I open file to attach doc the folder appears empty. It only does this when I try to attach doc.
The formatting bug needs to be fixed. Set your format up, start typing, press enter, POOF. Your formats are gone. There also needs to be a way to customize the default format settings. Right now there isnt.
It says that is 11mb, but it is 17mb. We should be able to store this application in the SD memory!
Starts a background service.  There is no need for doing that :-\
The program is nice and can create and modify MS Word/PPT/Excel documents, but its features are lackluster. Haven't had a good update in forever. No form of spell check. The only dictionary integration is proprietary software that MOBILE SYSTEMS created and it costs around $40 (outrageous!). Does not have rulers and cannot resize the page to make it so I'm looking at an actual document (like in MS Word, which Documents to Go does). Doesn't display most tables properly and inserted images are very degraded with warped colors.  It does do very well for a mobile MS word alternative when it comes to making/editing documents. I would love to use more than Mobile Systems's dictionary ($40? Really? Wtf) and would like to be able to resize my document to make it look like I'm editing an actual piece of paper. Great for a tablet, especially with a hard keyboard, bluetooth or otherwise.
opens office documents, but does not maintain formatting. Can't do track changes for editing.
This is a surprisingly complete alternative to Office on a tablet computer, but there needs to be an option to turn off the Redo button when typing documents.  The back-space delete button activates the Redo button.  That's really annoying if you're trying to delete text.  Otherwise it would be perfect.
I like this app, but I have no idea how to do edits on files in this app. Someone please help me.
I like the app. However, PowerPoint does not support embedded hyperlinks.  I will change my rating to 5 stars because the app works for everything else I need.
Lacks integrated spell check, company charges for updates... The real requirement for Android to start taking more laptop and tablet market share is to come up with a versatile, full featured office sweet. This one comes close, but we aren't there just yet. Also, I'm a huge proponent of buy-once software deals. Pay-per-upgrade may be profitable, but it's a major downer for me. As a head of household owner of several tablets, trust me, I'm keeping a close eye on the competition.
Powerpoint graphs and pictures do not display
Buggy on transformer prime: - crashes sometimes when saving to google docs, especially after saving successfully a few times - doesn't upload images in documents when saving to dropbox - table formatting is messed up (columns are way too wide)  Other than that, it's a great application!  Fantastic that keyboard shortcuts actually work.
Love it, but it needs spell check!
-Lacks drawing abilitys for touch pads. -Can not insert pictures from tablet to powerpoints. -Can not store pictures in any folder.     eee pad transformer
Let's face it, there are no android office apps anywhere near as functional as MS Office, so any comparison would be pointless. I have done quite a bit of research into office apps and this one is probably the best. However it is still far from perfect. The word processor frequently hangs, completely unresponsive and must be killed. It does have an auto-recover function but it is not (afaik) configurable, so I have lost work several times. The spread-sheet app is acceptable but seems to get formatting very muddled. For example, I have a spreadsheet containing a column with dates and some log information in subsequent columns. If I try to format the whole sheet to have dotted lines for cell borders, it also formats everything as dates. Oh, and getting non-US date formats is possible, just very difficult. The presentation function is of no use to me so I apologise for lack of comments on it.  Having said all that, it is a fraction of the cost of the MS suite for the PC so perhaps I should not expect too much!
Needs a spell checker.
Not much better than the free office software available
Things started out badly for this highly ranked software. It presented an error at the end of the install, it failed whenever I tried to open a file or an attachment, or even create a new document. An email said I should have received an email containing a registration key.  There was none. And if my email system let the one email through, why not the other? I contacted their customer service and forwarded errors to the company.  That was on friday. Saturday they had me redownload and install. Works GREAT.
at first it's good for word documents but later it becomes rather unstable it doesn't save documents properly. If they can fix this it'd be great oh and if they could add more features in editing powerpoints.
Like Polaris office UI and functionality. But soooo buggy, that I had to find an alternative. Tried QuickOffice, DocumentsToGo etc. This is best for word + excel. UI nice. Seems stable. Functionality at right levels (for me). Have reported bugs and seen them fixed. So far so good. Unforunately, powerpoint editing is so poor, it's not even worth starting the editor. Please provide PP editing like Polaris office and become the best...
This is a great app for generating documents and spreadsheets, and I'm extremely satisfied with it for those. It is also the best I have tried (QuickOffice, DTG, Polaris) for showing existing Powerpoint presentations transferred from my PC without completely corrupting the graphics. But it is REALLY inadequate in terms of originating slides compared to any of these alternatives. You are presented with a very limited (and for an Office - ie business - program, very unprofessional) set of slide templates with no capacity to create new background colours, insert shapes, etc. Just basic and bulleted text entry. Of the others I would choose Polaris as having the best PP origination capability. OfficeSuite has some catching up to do.  It's really a 4-star but it only gets 3 here in the hope that someone from mobile systems will notice and improve this PP capability asap.
Office Suite Pro 5, Sucks! Ann Russell emailed me and advised they made a corporate decision to remove the option to attach through a mail client. I suggest they rethink this decision, as I dont think anyone wants to take the long way around attaching documents to an email. I wont purchase from them again unless they fix this!  Jim Pratt
Office Suite Pro 5, Sucks! Ann Russell emailed me and advised they made a corporate decision to remove the option to attach through a mail client. I suggest they rethink this decision, as I dont think anyone wants to take the long way around attaching documents to an email. I wont purchase from them again unless they fix this!  Jim Pratt
Trial app works great, couldnt ask for a better mobile word app, but after purchasing the cursor won't track after entering words.
in the spreadsheet I'm using its switchs automatically from numbers to letters after you select the first number . it won't stay in the number catego
Not fully compatible with windows wordpad, which was the reason I bought it for.
My rating. No need to explain. There are better options and the best option is only available on the iPhone.
Good rendering but can't really show full scrern. Buy wuickoffice indtead. Not swipe friendly.
I just purchased this app. It downloaded and installed. But when I tried to get to the app to start, none of the buttons on my Android worked. So I turned it off and on. Phone no longer works, even after taking out the battery for several minutes & putting it back in! I have to wait until tomorrow for my cell company's tech supportcompletely wipe the phone and send it back to its default status before it'll work again. Lost full purchase price since this took > 15 minutes 2 realize it wasted my phone.
Really Good app but, please....., why are so many app developers neglecting installation to SD???.. Absolutely ridiculous. Is not that difficult...
I would love to be able to convert files to pdf or print so I wouldn't be required to have a pc to print after editing.
Could not figure out how to work it @ first, now that ik how, works great and is extremly helpful
I had tried Quick Office (android) and Documents to go (on Windows Mobile), but really liked the usability of Office Suite Pro. With upgrade now does powerpoint (I have not tried this though). My sheets and docs all seem to edit smoothly. Free version can be installed on card, but not paid, this should get updated.
Good app but really need to move to SD card. Disappointing that this hasn't been added yet.
Cmon how difficult is it for the app to save downloaded attachments to SD card by default?
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
Unable to make needed multiple cell formats. Cant center, shade & currancy format a marked string of cells. Reverts back to previous format.
Why are there ads if this is a paod app?
Getting better.  No spellchecker.  Android has it built in.
So far so good.
I'm happy. I do wish I could install my personal fonts. This is my daily driver. I treat this better than my the more expensive office apps. I could go on forever about the features I love. Try it out! Formulate you own opinion. Other peoples opinions are starting to be suspect that's why I could careless. Thanks devs. Bluetooth keyboard and mouse (I use stickmount and USB/BT JoyCenter App) MLH adapter to 42"= Office Productivity In the palm of my hand. Its your Android do what you want with it.:-)
Nice app could use some more features...but better than the others
Getting there, missing mdi
Nice
Needs more power on powerpoint presentations
Great integration with dropbox and google drive. I do a ton of work processing and I dont miss my laptop! (Transformer Infinity).Of course Excel could be better (give them time, I say) But alas all will be for naught when Microsoft launches their office suite for Android.
I love this app! It's easy to use, anywhere, anytime. I just wish that it was easier to find saved files.
At the end of the day its not going to do what he resource hungry PC based apps do but it does what it does.
Good on Galaxy Nexus
Very helpful
I don't think this app utilizes all that is Jellybean. What a shame. It would get 5* if it did
Excellent!
I've only tried this for Excel - very buggy. Absolute references don't change when rows are inserted/deleted. Formulas fail and then work properly when the same formula text is pasted from another cell!  I can't trust this for any important spreadsheet - so I can't use it.
Great product on both tablet and phone.  Without a spell checker built in it is dangerous on a lot of devices.  Would give 5+ stars if it had a spell checker.  (My other programs all have it...!?)  It integrates well into cloud storage as well... but now I have many copies of the same doc, which is the latest?  It would be great if it would automatically save a copy to Docs folder AND send a back up copy to the cloud.
Could do with a cloud print service to make it 5 stars
I wish this version had a spell ckeck
This is a great app for my nexus 7 the only thing though is that in order to move a document to another folder, I had to copy the items in one folder and paste them in another(which isn't a big deal I just thought I would say that in case someone else was having similar issues) now maybe I just haven't figured out how to move things yet haha if so just disregard this comment xD overall this is a great app and I really like it! ~Misa *Matthew 19:26*
I have yet to use all the features in this app but so far it's great.
And seamless cloud integration, which is a must for me. Well worth it.
Working well on nexus 7. Ties in well to Google drive.
I like this app in every aspect about office suite, but the PDF reader is not the best, actually, I think is too bad.
Great app, well worth the money.
I write quite  a bit while on the go and have looked at various office suites......and love this one !!  For people criticizing functionality on a tablet device......go buy a frigging laptop !!
Updates helped a bit.  Happy to have tools to assist this full time online student, mom, fulltime worker and wife to achieve this latest goal. And it was free.still not like the home computer version but it'll do for now...
Works great
Works great no issues reads everything
Some incompatibilities with Excel
One tiny problem printing via cloud from app: it no longer will print docx but will print doc files. Not sure where problem resides but it's new.  Whole app is easy to use after practice but would be good if it could have all the file options one one menu.
Good to be trusted.
Officesuite pro from my standpoint is the best word processor on the Google Play store, note that I'm not reviewing other parts as I don't use them. The word processor includes most all you expect from one, easy formating &c., though personally I only do minimal "stylising" of documents so again perhaps I don't see something if it is missing. The best feature included for me is an actual functioning footnote system, though this could be better documented (having to hold on the asterisk to view or edit them). Unfortunately the footnotes are not be numbered, instead being displayed asterisks, though this is not much of a problem as they are numbered if the document is opened in MS office or its equivelents. Having the ability to insert view and edit footnotes is a must for academic writing and is sadly missing from the other word processors that I've tried. Including a basic spell checker is a feature I'd like to see as it assists in finding minor typos that myself and others would easily gloss over. Overall my main point is it works, unlike the alternatives, and to me that is nearly good enough.
Love this app other than one thing I have found so far. When you use the "Next" key it will only move download.   I have looked and looked and can not find a way to make it jump from left to right.  Other than that I find it very friendly user and easy to do almost anything you could want to do with a spreadsheet.  A job well done.
Goes well
Very nice apparently. Just wish you could use pen to sign excel documents
I love using this app for my daily activities on the go. Thanks.
I would love If I was able to copy fax and email my docs. Also, should be able to transfer with Bluetooth.
Can paste pics and create charts.  However, limited equations in spreadsheets and can not cut and paste from pdf files.  Also, some pics are not viewable when opening power point files.
How is word truly handy without spell check? Otherwise looks good on my tablet.
Now my office suit of choice, and I have tried a few.
good stuff
Much better than others, but still not perfect.
Great application very convenient
Ok need add publisher pls
Plenty of features. A bit expensive but worth the price. Could use better update support.
Nice apps. But Can't find a trick to resize column in spreadsheet.
A wonderful product.  The one improvement I would suggest is that the pdf reader be able to reflow text.
The extra font package works great and is compatible with Office 2010 files.
Nearly perfect except some format issues & an inability to open (even for reading) too many file formats
Got it for 61p and still haven't used it. Can't imagine I'd ever seriously work on a mobile phone. If you really need an office app for emergencies, it's okay. Wouldn't pay more than I did though....nearly 15 quid? You must be joking.
Good app, but needs Google Drive support, as it times out when connecting to Google docs.
I have the Lapdock 500 Pro, but integration with Google Docs before OfficeSuite was a disappointment. OfficeSuite is the missing component to really make the hardware useful. A better spreadsheet interface would have gotten this 5 stars.
Only real suggestions: update remote accounts to include Google Drive (times out when connecting via Google Docs login), and move scrolling editor bar to the top (out of the way of the soft keyboard). Updated / Holo theme would be nice...
does what it says
Easy to use.  Runs great.
Very efficient and adaptable touch screen product.
Good
Nice app
Works perfectly editing sending and receiving docs
Good alternative to DTG.
Aside from the need to buy a separate font pack, I love this app! I gave up on documents to go once I tried office suite, ill probably never go back! Please include the font pack as part of the purchase, its a little deceiving.
Does the job
Wish it would let me save remote files to my phone
I tried several packages and this one functions most like Microsoft Office.  Can improve on some functionalities such as formatting.  For more complex documents, I still create them on a laptop and find this is very useful in editing.  Overall it's a good app.
This would be great if only I could save to my tablet. Using ics 4.0.3 - any ideas folks?
Ok
App does a very good job. Only had a problem opening a .docx file when it got corrupted.
App does a very good job. Only had a problem opening a .docx file when it got corrupted.
I mean what's not to like at this office, was using v5 and it was great and now this at this silly price? Ow, works great with dropbox and add all the pictures I add in office document in my pc cause other (some) offices doesn't do that. I have installed on my P6800 and now on S3. Recommend highly.
I like the dropbox intergration it really makes things simple
Not bad
Does everything I need it to do. Just seems really bad that it does not upgrade the bloatware free version already on my phone to the pro version.  So now I have two of the same application one paid and the other free. >_>.
Been using Documents To Go for 7-8yrs. Love this app.
Seems to work well. Balanced.
It was a very easy program to use
Just installed and love it at first glance, but I'm confused about font pack. It looks like all the fonts in the pack are already installed with Pro except for Wingdings. Can anyone explain why I'd need the font pack unless I want that font family?
This is a great app. A must have. Create powerpoint, word, and excel presentations with ease!!!!
Nice format & easy to input data but still have some error with date-time input.
Great app. It works for everything I need. Not sure what everyone is complaining about. It doesn't need spell check- you need to learn how to spell. Basic font is fine, too.
Bookmarks need to be smoother – cursor bookmarks (insert > bookmark) should generate an automatic filename (like any bookreader app) instead of having to type the bookmark name manually each time. Also, the simple addition of a full-screen default option (instead of the irritating toolbar taking up space) on opening would be an improvement.
Yep
Would give 5 star if/when they add the ability to password the app, or at least remote account access, or have an option to not remember the password without having to reset up the account every time.
This app will satisfy your word processor need by giving useful tools and option in convenient price.
Expensive
Just started using the app and so far I'm very impressed.  It makes doing reports easy while working from my truck!
There are lots of new functions available in the spreadsheet. But some of them require special entry methods when used in MS Excel. It is not at all clear how to use them on a smart phone. I can't find a manual or a help file that offers any information. It would be nice if this could be addressed.  Lance
but addon makes it pricey
change the layout when inside the writing application otherwise the app is mad as! but still needs to have simple things such as 'insert picture/table etc' more easily accessible instead of having to go to a dropdown menu. also the ability to edit/resize/add/remove tables needs to be upgraded as its really hard to do so. thanks
Good the only bad thing is not printing option available.
Nice
Once you figure it out for tablet use, it's great.
Among other office suites is more like desktop programs. + good dock keyboard integration. But as other offices it lacks footnote editing, although it shows citations and allows to add new notes. Hope the developement goes on. And a big minus for selling additional fonts (why not include it in the price for the pro version???)
Still lacks a few major functionalities (such as the ability to switch between LTR and RTL, or scatter type charts), but overall it's a good app that offers more than the others.
If I could have alittle more ability to change margins in word it would be perfect.
After trying other office programs, this is the most usable for me.  The tool bars are easy to access when editing or creating a new document.  Of course spell check would be nice!  As tablets are increasingly used for business, I expect apps to improve.  Looking forward to updates!
Very good app, better than others and almost there in terms of sufficient functionality. Another step closer towards ditching my laptop.
I use this app on my Galaxy tablet on a daily basis. Great for getting work done on the the go.
Cant see the cursor when editing slides and notes
I have really only used the spreadsheet element of this suite. It has made for a useful tool alongside Excel, particularly for stock taking in my case.
Great App that includes all the Office Apps you will ever need.  Great interface but needs a spell checker! Can't believe it doesn't have it!!!  The developers should start adding  some more nice to have features that are standard in the desktop programs.
Needs to have more accessibility to things like merging cells etc.  Overall though, good buy.
love it.
A very easy programme to use. Word is great, excel generally useful-still mastering it, power point needs some work-but the best overall office suite I could find.
Been using it for a few days now. Very nice, but it could use a spell check button, and a undo butten as well. That's why only 4 stars.
Güzel program şimdilik sadece Excel için kullanılanıyorum.
Good app. Weirdly doesn't automatically change to capital letters in word, which is a pain. But no other issues.
Frequent data recovery notifications for improper saved files
Seems like the best office replicator out there.  I love the Dropbox sync built it, make it ten times more useful than others.  The biggest thing lacking is the ability to have mulitple documents open at the same time.  Am I missing something?
Great...for mild works
How do I add picture backgrounds in powerpoints?
Would be great if under menu file it gives you an email or send to option
I was concerned there would be issues with MS Office but they play well together
ok
I can not save my words after they are finished
I like it, but hate idea of having to buy font packages when I have already bought software.
Works as advertised. I definitely like being able open zip file as a well as PDF. All around good app.
The only reasone it does not get 5 stars is NO SPELL CHECK!  Other then that wroks great I use it everyday on my Samsung 10.1 and love it.  PLEASE GET A SPELL CHECK FOR THIS!!!
Good app but pushy - wants you to buy add-ons. Please stop doing that. It is a paid app after all.
This app is very good for power points!
Good
Need a way to view password protected power points
I bought pro version and i must buy additional fonts pack ??? No way!
For no apparent reason an important file I keep on dropbox failed to update after I had saved and closed it.  So when I went to open it again, it reverted to the old version and all the changes I made were lost.  Very frustrating, mainly because up until this point updating of files to dropbox had been working flawlessly.  There really needs to be an easily accessible "most recent" local copy saved along with the dropbox version so that these problems can be avoided!
Improve needed
Both word and spreadsheet work as advertised and is generally easy to use.  Presentation, however, feels incomplete and ifone is trying to add/edit text at the end of a long page the pop-up keyboard blocks the view of the part one is working with - i.e. you have to fly blind.
got it at only 61p.
Why v6.1.853 advertise Cambridge Advanced Learner's Dictionary on my licensed OfficeSuite Pro? I have a few different dictionaries, don't need another one (promotions auto-check is off). Also 6.10 version says "additional font package with Microsoft most used fonts" but at the first run of program you're asked to buy it for another €2.99...so what's this update about???
the heck does it keep on running in the background all the time taking cpu and ram resources??? why doesn't it display properly pdf files??? please fix it!
5 Stars once the ICS spell check feature is integrated. Other than the lack of spell check, fantastic program that works extremely well. I use this to takes notes on my T-Prime while in class cause my gaming laptop is loud and bulky.
The PowerPoint slides lag when you change them.. I am on the Transformer Prime
It's good, does what it says with no drama
It's cool if it supports skydrive!
There is a weird glitch where letters will overlap onto each other and the spacing is a bit weird. This was in a pre-created Word document, so it may be a glitch in the "compatibility." Docked one star for the letter overlap, but otherwise great app.
I bought my tablet for the purpose of having an office program, and before I bought the device, this seemed to be the best. Having got my tablet, I must say this is the best purchasable app on the marketto this date. One biff, though, is the limited capabilities of the PowerPoint portion and the fact that the Excel portion does not recognize text boxes. I got this app on my ASUS Transformer Prime TF300T, which comes with an office program already installed. IF YOU HAVE THE TF300T, the office program preinstalled is better. For anything else, tho my knowledge, this is the best.
absolutely best document viewer/editor with great set up and interface but only missing on thing SPELL CHECK! I mean come on get this on there already
I like everything except that the Powerpoint function is not good. Renders color different than original and sometimes this causes serious readability issues. In that field the iPad app is better. The rest is great. Especially the pdf reader, better than Adobe's!
I've been using DTG full, but I decided to buy OfficeSuite Pro because of the discont, and because I wasn't satisfied by DTG. Best android office app so far!
Gets the job done.
Thanks
Works exactly like I need it to.
4 start for running in background
Would be hand if there was a pdf conversion or print to pdf option.
Very good.
It's worth every single cent!!
Obviously its not MS Office, but its pretty darn close.  I love the look and feel of it.  And for $0.99 I'm not going to complain at all! Keep up the good work!
Best docs viewer and editor for android
You can do a lot but there needs to be a way to print from the app. Also know way to fill cell color on spreadsheets. Other than that, its a good app.
Excellent so far. Works nicely in general and as I got it for the 61p special price I'll forgive it its flaws...when I find them
I have been waiting for a discount and here it is! $0.99! I have tried most office apps out there. Most of thbem don't format properly. This is fast and accurate!
Has everything working on the Transformer, tab works, bullets and numbering works spot on.  The cursor sometimes shows up in the middle of a letter instead of at the end but no real problem.  Excel easy to use too.  Good clean interface.  File manager is spot on - even my wife can use it.  ONE THING MISSING IS SPELL CHECK - DICTIONARY LOOK UP IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH - PLEASE PLEASE ADD ICS SPELL CHECK IN WORD DOCUMENTS AND MAKE IT OPTIONAL IN EXCEL.  Good work otherwise :)
Decent document editor for the price of $0.99.
please support fetching files from skydrive
like it, the power point bit is useless but the other parts are very usable and well designed.
Got it on sale for 0.76€.
Yes
4 star would've given it five if it would support ubuntu one cloud
Just wish I could print.
I had this fir free via amazon full paud app when it came to an update it charge me...     On the positive propective it is smoother, clean and easy to use it will read and edit just about any document. However the only thing that bothers me is when typing the blinking line overlaps too much that it confuses you what you are writtting or erased hope this issue needs to be fixed then soon I am willing to give you a five star rating when its fixed cause this app is near perfect...  by the way I agree with the negative reviews it does not let you save into an sd card automatically you need to transfer it outside the app
Keep getting network error
Works really well for what I want. It's only downfall is the fact that the cursor doesn't follow the text very well after the first half of the page on my Transformer Prime. Other than that it is a very solid app.
Excellent app but it really needs wifi network support to access files over a local network.  Will add a star if/when this is added.  Psi.
This app is great. I the ability to create and modify my word,excel, power point document. And at 0.99 cent its a steal!
I have one weekly docx report and this tool is the only one of the 3 top office apps that can properly display it. Is on sale; that's just a bonus.
Love almost everything about this app. Wish I could sort excel.
Best office app, have tried them all but this is the best...recommended...
Its well worth buying
nice app...
This office app is great, except the doc stored in gDoc having problem that those tables created in gDoc will be resized after saved in this app. After fixed, 5 stars will be gave.
Word docs are amazing here. SwiftKey works as well! Excel seems good too. Downsides = poor PDF and not so good Power Point. So will stick with Polaris Office for PDF. Power Point on both seem clunky. Polaris rendered some ppt better while this app renders some that Polaris Office doesn't.
Please add pogoplug support
No-brainer at 99c, needs folder support in drive, I have 3 gigs of documents and its basically unusable because of it.
No brainer!!
2.99 then 0.99 definitely a steal! Hope developer doesn't leave this
Good software
I love this. It is easy to use and edit. I am having a hard time figuring out how to email the files. I know it can be done, but am having difficulty.
This is a good programe but it is missing a spell check
Does most things you want and updates bring more feature.
Love iit
The best office app on android I have seen so far.
it would have been better if officesuite does support more then 1 usb storage at a time. now my flash drive won't even show up on the app even though i already used exFAT
Great ease of use and functions.
Had Quick Office Pro, uninstalled and installed Office Suite Pro instead.  Much better on Excel features but still not really Excel.  Powerpoint doesn't accept custom template.  It did accept the slides just removed the template.  Quick Office wouldn't accept the slides.  Custom template is a must.
This Office app has excellent features, a clean interface, good cloud support and a very competitive price. Suggestions for improvement are 1) missing sort function and 2) can only view (not edit or create) slides. Strongly recommend.
Does the job well. More than happy with it.
Still trying to figure it oit some bit its nice to have.
It just works.
Allows you to have windows at your fingertips! Would give five stars if it had a tutorial to learn different options with program for the non techies, besides that is very efficient and useful.
I must say I am happily surprised with the functionality of this app.
I am a therapist --it works great for notes, and I email them to my main computer.
Thanks
Seems as good as anything I,ve used before.
Too good
Its a great program! I'm a writer and this a program is great, functional, and useful. The only things its missing is a Track Change s feature.
So far this is the most functional office app i have come across, with only one exception the spell check is not part of the initial purchase and when you download one they want to pay extra and it doesn't seem to install anyway. Should give us the option of using the custom dictionary in the device or include it as part of the initial purchase, id be happy to pay an additional 5 bucks even if it had the spell check.
Would give 5 stars, but I have to continuously enter my formulas after I save each time. It doesn't remember my settings. Don't know if this its an issue with google docs.
Tried the others. This suite is the best implementation of the common feature set.
It can open password protected Excel spreadsheets.
It can open password protected Excel spreadsheets.
Although missing a few key features I would recommend this office suite over most on android
I use this office suite for two reasons:  1) It has the beset keyboard support by which I mean it handles "shift-delete" for backspace and "shift-arrow key" and "shift-control-arrow key" for text selections.  2) It reads and saves to my removable SD card. This is something "DOCS to GO" cannot do.  There is a glitch in the "page view" setting such that the cursor does not line up with the exact letter it is next to. For example, it shows that the cursor is mistakenly next to the letter instead of in front of it where it actually is. While this is annoying, it does not occur in "web view". This sacrifice of functionality is tolerable until the next version (when it will hopefully be fixed) and does not detract from productivity much.  Also, sometimes complex keyboard text selection crashes the program, but this is rare.  Overall the program is aesthetically pleasing, easy to use, feature-rich, and better than its competitors.  Thanks.
The app is good!!!
Company seems to have presence on Google play and their own site. At first it looked like every version would need to be bought, but they just updated it to 6. Software is decent and works well. Online services integrated well.
I purchased this back in Sep 2011 and was very impressed except it would not recalculate my compound interest formula. After many emails to the support team, sending through my spreadsheet several times I finally got no responses at all and gave up. Just tried after upgrade to v6.0 and hooray it now works!! So now I would give this 4 stars - if support were improved I would give it 5 stars :-)
This is app is probably the best office package around. Really nice interface and good functionality. On the downside, it for some reason runs in the background even with no documents open. It is also a little but slow at rendering PDF files. My other complaint is that it can't render mathematical symbols in word documents or PowerPoint presentations, which is a major annoyance for me as I am doing a maths degree currently...
Does everything I need so far I just wish I could edit and fill in PDF files if it would do that it be the best one out there I have found yet...
Works well and is certainly better than default Polaris app.
Nice
Well,  its not MS Office, but does the job on a mobile, and it is pretty fast on my device.
Well,  its not MS Office, but does the job on a mobile, and it is pretty fast on my device.
Great deal, great program
With few exceptions, OfficeSuite does everything I need a word processor to do.  Certainly a better choice than anything else currently available.  Would be nice to work with OpenOffice files directly, but going through the DOC format is fine.  Haven't tried the other aspects of the suite, but feel they will be more than adequate.
Can't view my letterhead on my .doc files. But it works on my Samsung  tab10.1 running 4.0.3
Works well and has almost all the features I need. Importing of images into the writer app could be improved as it crashes if the image is too large. Also, the crucial fill down/right functionality is not available in spreadsheet mode. Add this and it's 5 stars!
Don't know when this app became cheap @ Rs.150.
Don't know when this app became cheap @ Rs.150.
Don't know when this app became cheap @ Rs.150.
Really enjoy this app. Great for managing and updated Office and PDF docs on the fly..
Has great features and near seamless compatibility with MS Office
Just what I needed. The integration with dropbox is great as well.
Don't let anyone kid you, there are no perfect office apps in this market, but this is the best. It still crashes sometimes, and does not always retain formatting accurately. It also lacks a sand option so I can't use cloud print with it. Still, it is the best out there. Please keep improving it.  ASUS Transformer running ICS 4.03.
Good
This is a very practical program.  I do lots of academic reading and plenty of highlighting of text, and contrary to Docs To Go, lots of the formatting tools are right in front of you, not behind dialog boxes. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because you cannot disable the one-tap on the screen to call-up the keyboard, and that can be very annoying. Like Docs To Go, there should be a way to disable that.
Convenient and reliable,  I love it!
The office suit  needs some more tools to edit. E.g. Font, size of font etc.
First office type app downloaded...does what I need Awesome
Never have a problem opening my documents.  No complaints.
Needs a better save as function so you can see your document information and save as title can match some of your information on your document.  Other than that it works very well and does everything it says it does.
Better than my desktops
really needs spell check!
Excellent integration into other services like Google and Dropbox.
The word processor on this app is great. Only thing that's missing is easy access to font size changes. Hopefully updates will see it being brought to the ribbon.
I would give it a five it could integrate with skydrive.  That is a big part of Windows 8
I would give it a five it could integrate with skydrive.  That is a big part of Windows 8
I like the app. However, PowerPoint does not support embedded hyperlinks.  I will change my rating to 5 stars because the app works for everything else I need.
Much better than other apps. Bets ease of use, faster editing of docs.
Nice App,  This app works great on my Toshiba Thrive, the only problem I have is, I can't print any document with the printer share app. I am very thankful for any help with this problem
Excellant good tools
Despite having 2 problems, I think that this is the best Office suite for my Galaxy Tab. Problem 1 is that you have to save documents as  .doc and NOT  .docx otherwise you cannot print from Printershare. Problem 2 is that any table you insert into a document is VERY wide and I can't see how to overcome this. Both of these issues have been sent to the developer so it will be interesting to see what sort of reply I get. Still not sorry that I bought it though as it easily outperforms the default Polaris app.
but should friendly with arabic right to left
but should friendly with arabic right to left
The program dont crash in my sony tablet s and has a good cloud service integration. But I do miss some arrows and an easy key to write titles and subtitles. I recomend
Good
This app does everything I need it to do. I have tried all of the office suites and this one works the best. I only wish it would organize google docs by folder or collections and have an image viewer.
Use it every day, very pleased. 5 stars only when: Excel will recalculate when file opens and when entering into cell will be improved.
nyaman pakenya
Bought for the transformer prime, it's one of the few that works well with the keyboard shortcuts.  The lack of spell check, difficulty crashing occasionally, and frustration working with spreadsheets and tables is a bit of a downer; but to be fair mostly all these programs have those problems.  It also has some strange formatting defaults that I haven't been able to set to my own desires.  That being said, it completely blows all others (polaris, docs to go, kingsoft) out of the water overall.
Very good app especially handles secure spreadsheet. PDF reader not so good, slow.
I LIKE THE PROGRAM, BUT, I WANT TO BE ABLE TO EDIT THE FILE TITLE THIS IS NOT AVAILABLE UNDER EDIT AND THERE ARE TIMES WHEN THE TITLE NEEDS TO BE CHANGED
Awesome APP.  Like a pocket size Microsoft Office Suite.
works great! Nice office program.
Word & Excel are good & very useful - highly recommended. Would have liked more functuality with PowerPoint - basic. Hopefully will be developed. Looked forward to upgrades. Asus Transformer Prime.
this is a very handy office software, however it is really annoying that i cant put in any footnotes when i am doing my essays
I like it a lot, has all the main applications that are used. PowerPoint, word, excel
I like it a lot, has all the main applications that are used. PowerPoint, word, excel
everythin is great but if u add print modt viewing and editing that will make it more than 5*
It works. And its stable so far.
Vg does what it says on the tin.Denis B.
Havent yet explored all its features, but its google docs and dropbox integration is awesome!!
All good but could be better; Cell validation in Excel is missing. Suite would benefit from a decent help file, current lacks detail
Would be a fantastic 5 star app if the Excel function showed .jpeg images.
One of the best office suites on android mkt.
Fantastic app, use it with all my documents. Every now and then there is a saving glitch where the document won`t save, so I have to CTRL+C and close the document, open a new one and CTRL+V.  If it werent for this glitch, it would be an easy 5/5
Works every time. Far better than the document app I had before.
Works the best with excel documents.
This is the best option for me, but two things that I have seen so far is that if you have hidden sheets on MS Excel, then the sheets will not be hidden on OfficeSuitePro also it does not support dropdown boxes in spreadsheets.
Pretty good for a mobile office app. I use it on my Asus transformer for notes in class and it's really impressive. Great for powerpoint as well and drop box support is awesome. I wish it had some more support for referencing but pretty great for the price.
I would give it 5 stars but it won't open attachments directly from evo email. It says there are no supported files in this folder. And i even set my default to my download folder, but displays filename at top.  I have to download then open program and search for file.  Please fix.
Hebrew written documents are shown backwards :-(
Used the trial version for two days and was impressed with the spreadsheet touch control efficiency. Much easier to navigate than several other Android based SS. Purchased OfficeSuite Pro 5 based on the SS. Contacted support twice and very impressed with next business day response in each case. Unfortunately the program does not currently support "protected cell" which, for me, is a very useful feature. Otherwise this would be five stars.
This app is easily my favorite office app for Android tablets for both viewing and editing. My only complaint is that editing and creating power points could be implemented better. It should be done in the standard slide view instead of the outline view.
Its a little dificult edit on ppt. But for view just is a lot of appreciated.
Not that special but you really don't want it to stand out.
Not that special but you really don't want it to stand out.
The only think keeping this app from being perfect for me is that when opening a saved excel SS, it presents at cell a1 in each sheet.  It would be a vast improvement if the active cell when the sheet is opened would be the active cell when it was saved, as is the case in Excel.
Pretty good, but occasionally closes down and says "Network Error. " Vizio Tablet
I was initially very pleased with this - the editing functions and general layout of this are much better than others I've tried. However, after spending a good deal of time working on a document on my tablet, Word (on my desktop) refused to open it. I'm a graduate student, and was hoping to supplement work on my thesis with some light writing on my tablet, so not being able to transfer files renders this useless for me. Looks like I'm stuck using this as a viewer only, and really regret having paid for it.
Great app well worth the money, just don't know how to change font size and needs spellcheck
Would like to see a option to combine cells running a vizio tablet.
I often use tables in word documents but can't figure out how to adjust cell sizes Dewet
Very good software! For the ones who need office tools works fine, even with google docs, pitty it doens't sync directly with google docs.
Its well worth the money.
Great for my needs & getting better. UI update good, but still needs easier data input for Excel. This & a few other sm tweeks and its 5* all the way
Really good job guys. Best interface and funtions. Would be 5 stars if Dropbox support and keyboard entry wasn't so laggy using my bluetooth keeyboard. -Xoom
Great!
Used to flick between this documents to go - BUT not anymore, the latest update makes this the best.
Additional features like more sync support will be nice but is already pretty value for money
Try before buy is great. App is suitable for my simple needs. For 5 stars: Date format needs serious work and ability to drag & drop should be added.
Really Good app but, please....., why are so many app developers neglecting installation to SD???.. Absolutely ridiculous. Is not that difficult...
It needs setings in order to adjust a few defaults. Otherwise too iritating to be asked again and again and again
Nice app. Worth the cash if you need to work on office file types. Half price is a lie though. I bought for current price months ago.
Great app. Use it every day. Some Excel files don't display correctly is the only problem I have with the app.
Date format in Excel doesn't work at all. Move2sd also won't work and app is 15 Mb large. Largest app on my HTC Desire... Tech support is slow
This office suite worked wonderfully until I updated the rom on my Nexus 1. Now it is totally erratic. Fail.
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
I've been trying several apps, pass month and finally came across one that works very well for complicated Excel docs. Thank You OfficeSuite Pro. Evo
I've been trying several apps, pass month and finally came across one that works very well for complicated Excel docs. Thank You OfficeSuite Pro. Evo
_cant autocalc large number of xl cells _AUTOCLOSES when multitasking!!! fix these, and is the market leader - otherwise, another dud
Unable to make needed multiple cell formats. Cant center, shade & currancy format a marked string of cells. Reverts back to previous format.
Near perfect as a word processor. One HUGE hiccup ia that you cant change the default font size and character. I dislike the default size and font.
Near perfect as a word processor. One HUGE hiccup ia that you cant change the default font size and character. I dislike the default size and font.
Stable and gainfully employed
Very easy to use,  great for taking notes in class,  adding to study guides... Love it!
Very easy to use,  great for taking notes in class,  adding to study guides... Love it!
Very easy to use,  great for taking notes in class,  adding to study guides... Love it!
Simple but Powerful.
So far so good.
So far so good.
Simple to use
Simple to use
Use this app every day has changed the way I interact with technology spreadsheets documents multiple times a day, now do much of my work on this app and sometimes only finishing touches on PC, as close to perfect as I've found
Very easy to use.
As i expected
You'll love it. I just click and enjoy all of my attachments. The fonts are a bomb.
It Is The Pro!
I love this app. The dictation feature works very well. I recommend this app.
Switched to OfficeSuite. Works just like Office desktop product. Easy to use.  Had trouble with pre-installed QuickOffice several times.
Excellent produk
Must have app
This yet so the best office suite thanks team and any real pros should get thia
Works as advertised on Nexus 7. Very useful.
Got it on sale for a dollar, wasn't worth it. I use it on my LG P-999, and the amount of keyboard lag makes it unusable, even for straightforward word processing. I emailed tech support, and never heard back.
Great app!!!!!!!!!
So far having no probs...
Nice office pack, but Polaris Office that comes with my device is much better, especially spreadsheet functionality.
I'm giving this 5 stars because you never know when you'll end up in a situation where u need to edit a document asap. This software does that. Thumbs up. You guys rock.
Ok when it works but keeps failing on save which, if you haven't saved a doc as something else, results in the doc being lost!
Excellent
This has become my go-to office suite on both Tablet and phone. Does more things in more ways than the others.
I think the office suite for Android is a good idea. Best uses are, editing the occasional document and when you need to pass on the odd but of personal info to others.
The best application. End of.
This suite is a pleasure to use.
Just got a keyboard to match this app and so far it looks pretty good. Viewing and editing powerpoints and word docs seems quick and painless. The file storage system also seems pretty intuitive and allows for easy connection to online cloud storage. Hope this app does me well at school. Carrying my nexus 7 around is loads more convenient than a clunky laptop.
It works for what I want to. I just do mainly editing. When I get ready to do a real document I do it on a computer. I would like to see more features. Especially word processor linking to spreadsheet.
It offers to hook up to dropbox but no gdrive love, why?
It offers to hook up to dropbox but no gdrive love, why?
It's the best office suite by far!
I needed something I could use on my tablet that could process word and PowerPoint documents and excel spreadsheets and this was perfect for my needs I use it everyday to work on my hsc and tafe work all I can say is thank god... :-D
All the features that you need in a mobile suite and more. Very stable and excellent integration with Dropbox and other cloud services.
Nice app.. Worth for purchasing...
Absolutely THE best and I have tried most of them.
Great application
I have everything i need here.
I bought this 10 years ago for my Palm Pilot, and it was so good I bought it for my Android phone. I keep everything in it--from medical lists, shopping lists, and yardage for patterns. I would never want to be without this program.
Love this application it does every thing i need.
It does all it claims to do, unlike other highly rated apps that cost the same.
Its easy to use! Good job developer, keep it up!!zzz
Works great if you need to do something on the fly
While Quick Office is good, this is better. It is more user friendly & has more features. I also purchased it when they were running a deal for $.99 - well worth it.
I use this phone for business. The app far exceeds others on an overall evaluation.I've opened over 3000 files and only one time has is annoyed me. And it likely was my error..
One thing it needs is an easy way to map a drive/path to a network server or workstation drive/directory. Great work.  Lee
Loved this app.  Keep up the hard work.
Love the Google Drive and Dropbox support. Easy to use, and very powerful. Love it.
Love the Google Drive and Dropbox support. Easy to use, and very powerful. Love it.
Very nice app for Office documents.
I think this is the best and easiest app to use for any documents you might need to edit, view or create.
Great
The best office app that I have found so far. Formatting of documents is excellent and the ability to connect to various cloud storage services is very handy. Could do with a bit more spit and polish, an exit button for instance would be nice.
A tweak or two here and there and a Print option and its MS Office if you are spreadsheet and word doc focussed.
I like this app in every aspect about office suite, but the PDF reader is not the best, actually, I think is too bad.
Great app, well worth the money.
I have to say, it's one up from Kingsoft Office, not by much and just about worth the 99 cents I paid for this on sale. The PowerPoint function is a joke, utterly useless, you can enter text and that's it. The spreadsheets don't have anywhere near as much function as I'd hoped, you cannot fill formulas down (copy them to an entire column), it doesn't support selecting cells to use in formulas and won't autocomplete them. It also does NOT support physical keyboard shortcuts, despite claiming somewhere it does. Still, it's sleek and easy to use, word handles like a dream and it hasn't crashed on me once - unlike Kingsoft.
I have to say, it's one up from Kingsoft Office, not by much and just about worth the 99 cents I paid for this on sale. The PowerPoint function is a joke, utterly useless, you can enter text and that's it. The spreadsheets don't have anywhere near as much function as I'd hoped, you cannot fill formulas down (copy them to an entire column), it doesn't support selecting cells to use in formulas and won't autocomplete them. It also does NOT support physical keyboard shortcuts, despite claiming somewhere it does. Still, it's sleek and easy to use, word handles like a dream and it hasn't crashed on me once - unlike Kingsoft.
Started using around 2001 on a PALM TX. I've not once been disappointed or looked back to another. Now using on an Acer A100 Tablet, 7 inch. It's a lot like "Open Office" but easier to get around. This is a "Workstation" level Office Suite. The others don't come close... 11Years and going.
Just what I needed. Done CV and wrote a small story. Perfect
Use this every day. No other office suite allows for notes in powerpoints.
Nice app.
Just get it.
Nice
The best office app. Easy for writing and editing. Perfect!
This app actually is pretty good.  Can read MS Excel and Word docs no problem.
Superb
Works great, like it, no complaints
Works with all OS's known to man kind, except mac.
Can't set save folder to external sd card, even though app does see the card!  "Gotcha" money extractor for fonts (see other reviews here) and paid app nagware get further demerits.  Ot  Oherwise, a great app!
No problems with it at all. Best app of it's kind.
Some incompatibilities with Excel
Some incompatibilities with Excel
Good
Handles all of my excel and word needs. Excellent Dropbox integration. Intuitive navigation and editing.
great app.
I rarely go on my desktop computer anymore.  Everything is need is right here.
This app is like an office to go.   I love it.
Excellent app! I use this app to bill clients and as soon as I get done I can send the invoice...I love it!
I cannot describe the benefits of this well-to-do program very well however, allow me to say that the program is HIGHLY useful and offers a variety for the user. It seems I just sit down on the train before we're at destination (1 hr. Away) with most work for the morning already finished!   I recommend. The program and once you use it, you will too! Nathan Motorola Droid 4 Razr
Exactly what is needed for uni.
Wonderful app...it is really worth money. Amareesh Pandey
Perfect for me on my Xperia S. I use it to copy onlinenewspaper articles into word files and can immediately email them to anyone.
...cool
Does wonders. Highly recommended among office apps
The best android office app I ever used....
I love this app! Totally worth buying!
It works well in any functions like excel. I love this app!!
I think this really the best software as I have worked in many office software. If only they could put error bars and gradient in graphs in excel as I need them for physics. I think this works faster than even office 2010. Keep it up
From all the text apps bought so far on the Android market place, the best.
Just good!
Have been using Office Suite Pro 6 for a few months now and am thoroughly happy with its versatility
I was using another app that seems to be unavailable now.  This one seems crisp and easy to use.  I appreciate the layout of the main features.
Good mobile companion to Microsoft Office.
I've tried several of these office-type apps, and this really is the best I've used.  It is very straight-forward and easy to use.  Best of all--menus are organized just like Microsoft Word.  Love it.
On the go document view and editing for Android Phone, I found it on a deal but I don't see myself paying $15 for. The developer should look into making this great app more affordable - $5-$7 is the about the appropriate price point. I am sure the developer will see the volume. Great app, had it for months, 0 crashes or glitches, very stable app. GJ guys.
On the go document view and editing for Android Phone, I found it on a deal but I don't see myself paying $15 for. The developer should look into making this great app more affordable - $5-$7 is the about the appropriate price point. I am sure the developer will see the volume. Great app, had it for months, 0 crashes or glitches, very stable app. GJ guys.
I love being able to carry my office work in the palm of my hands.
I love being able to carry my office work in the palm of my hands.
Works a treat. Edit all the docs you want ans keep it password protected. A big like :-)
Love this app....I can use all of my Word, Excel, and Powerpoint docs right on my EVO....no problems....
This appa is awesome
I use it on the run updating job related work.
Don't waste your money on any other software. Go ahead and do yourself a favor... buy this one!
Excellent app. great with everything and all my calculations work in excel.
Wonderful PDF reader for my web and document scanning. Great for on the fly WORD processing. I recommend this APP for your enroute office needs.
Great app that allows me to work on the run and in the field....
Easy to use
The upsell was cheesy but the product is great. Bundle it, bump the price a little, and let your suite be the bar none best.
The upsell was cheesy but the product is great. Bundle it, bump the price a little, and let your suite be the bar none best.
Great software and cheap
I had tried several office in Android Store that I found this app is best to support to see and edit in Far East Characters. Nice Experience.
This is an awesome app does all I've needed
This is a simple app to use and it works to do just what I need to do every day.
Awesome I use it for work. Sched inventory its great
Las probé casi todas, y definitivamente es la mejor suite paravmi tablet, vale la pena comprarla. Herramienta imprescindible.
Works well and makes the Android a real work horse. This is a serious app.
Very good
As good as Doc to Go
I like the simplicity, of this office suite. Bargain at 69 pence.
Love it
The first app I download when I upgrade to a new phone.
Working rather well on Xperia Pro. Needs a smaller footprint as features are very limited. No complaints otherwise.
Muito bom. Ainda mais na promoção de U$0.99! Vale muito a pena! Muito melhor do que o grátis que vem no Android!
I have the Lapdock 500 Pro, but integration with Google Docs before OfficeSuite was a disappointment. OfficeSuite is the missing component to really make the hardware useful. A better spreadsheet interface would have gotten this 5 stars.
As far as I've seen this app is the best
Why oh why
Well worth $1, works great with drop box and drop sync. Used daily to track expenses. Minor formatting issues with colored cells, but over all great!
Easy to use.  Runs great.
Super cool office app
This is a great app and the pro version rocks
This is a great app and the pro version rocks
I am very pleased with this app. Not swamped with 'bells and whistles' but it does everything I want in a straightforward way.
Love this one!
Good
Very easy to use..... excellent ui.  Be good to have one note access as well.
La app es muy buena la recomiendo, usada desde xperia play r800a
excellent app! :-)
Woohoo, I'm lucky to get this for a cheap price! Thanks a lot!
Great product and keeps improving. I have tried all the others, this is the only one that can open all the files I use.
Cant beat it at $.99
So far Im amazed! Am also a quick office user with my tablet but this seems equal and in some ways better... Plus it was only .99 on sale!!! Beats all hands down at that price!	Happy customer :)
This completes my tablet experience, the best office suite with great intergration into DROPBOX.
Great software font pack should be included though..
When trying to watch spreadsheets created on my laptop with conditional formating, it removes it, making some spreadsheets useless.
When trying to watch spreadsheets created on my laptop with conditional formating, it removes it, making some spreadsheets useless.
Excellent
It's brilliant,  aesthetic and real value for money!  Virtually a laptop experience on my Note.
This software very nice if you did work with dropbox
This program blends my microsoft word perfectly with my android phone so that I can continue my work remotely. Works great on my Galaxy Nexus.
Very nice apps
Great app
I already have polaris on my tab, but this app is faster and renders the formatting so much better. Needless to say, I've stopped using polaris.
Superb office app well designed and no bugs to report so far. Loads cheaper than other offerings...... Why look at any other.!. Installed on Xoom Wifi UK running custom ICS.
App does a very good job. Only had a problem opening a .docx file when it got corrupted.
I mean what's not to like at this office, was using v5 and it was great and now this at this silly price? Ow, works great with dropbox and add all the pictures I add in office document in my pc cause other (some) offices doesn't do that. I have installed on my P6800 and now on S3. Recommend highly.
I mean what's not to like at this office, was using v5 and it was great and now this at this silly price? Ow, works great with dropbox and add all the pictures I add in office document in my pc cause other (some) offices doesn't do that. I have installed on my P6800 and now on S3. Recommend highly.
Good software, i like the selection of text option. Hard to find something similar.
Good software, i like the selection of text option. Hard to find something similar.
Good software, i like the selection of text option. Hard to find something similar.
Excellent office suite
Connects with my sugarsync account.100% worth it!
Awesome
One of the easiest to use. Great app.
This app was just what I was looking for all my office needs in one place
This is a great app. A must have. Create powerpoint, word, and excel presentations with ease!!!!
Nice format & easy to input data but still have some error with date-time input.
Excellent
I really didnt want to pay $20 for a massive app when i just need to do a few things. This app is perfect
Keeps getting better every update
It's a lifesaver. Well worth the money.
This is best office suite for android, glad I got this , it is very easy to use.
This is best office suite for android, glad I got this , it is very easy to use.
This is a must have app.
Allows for simple enlargement of small text databases in excel, as large as you want. I've bought the others and this is the best one.
Really pleasant interface and control works great on my Media pad in fact I uninstalled the OEM Documents To Go in favour of Officesuite.   Works well with Google Drive.
Great tool that supports MS Office products. Stable and all around useful app.
Great app
Great app to have when i don't have my Mac
This makes working at home much easier.
Best product I have seen for manipulating spreadsheets.
Would give 5 star if/when they add the ability to password the app, or at least remote account access, or have an option to not remember the password without having to reset up the account every time.
Brilliant office app
Works great with drop box.
Great app
Very usefull office app.
i like the toolbar (to edit paragraph, font, bulleting, etc)
Good app for office docs
everything you want in an office app!
Program bütün doküman ihtiyaçlarını karşılıyor ve üstelik 1 dolar. Kırılmış program aramaktansa alın daha iyi.
Does everything I want it to ... So far!  Very nice find, for me.
Best mobile office app ever!
The best android app I have ever used
Must have for field reporting with Excel files. Works flawlessly with  .xls Haven't really tried .xlsx but for basic non-macro based spreadsheets it is great. Allows me to leave my laptop at home and still complete my work in the field while I am on the clock. This means more time with my family at the end of the day. Thank you! Would love to see Word have the ability to insert photo and select layers above for text input from a pre made .doc file. Photo Reporting would be priceless.
A MAJOUR UPDATE, THIS COMPANY BETTER MAKE THEM WORK HARDER SO WHEN THEY GET THREE MONTHS OFF PAID!
I completely agree with the others, having to pay extra to addons for the PRO version is just stupid and really greedy.   Also, please don't "just" change the permissions without explaining why... Why the hell would an office suite app need permissions to change the wifi state?
Great app!!!
Excellent, useful and an important tool we must have if you need to fix document in case of Emergency.
This is a great office app. It works on mobile devices which is good considering 4.3 inches isn't enough for frustration free editing. I have tried editing on my evo 3d and it works fine. I like the cloud storage integration.
Definetly a must have....
Love your application's. It work on my Motorola Xoom with out any problem.
I have really only used the spreadsheet element of this suite. It has made for a useful tool alongside Excel, particularly for stock taking in my case.
Great App that includes all the Office Apps you will ever need.  Great interface but needs a spell checker! Can't believe it doesn't have it!!!  The developers should start adding  some more nice to have features that are standard in the desktop programs.
Superb for android samsung phones
Superb for android samsung phones
Easy to use
Best app in the world for office needs
Very useful s/w. Easy and a greatjoy to use since purchase couple of mnths ago. With its simple and friendly interface that is unconfusing yet comprehensive enough. From Dell Streak 5.
This is the best office suite so far!
Desde puerto Rico
Great app
Love it!
Asus tablet, couldn't ask for more!
Does everything I need it to do word/excel. Brilliant!
Great app
But I don't like how there is another charge for the fonts.  Wish I could return the prog and get something else.  The best I can do is warn people.
I purchase pro so I expect to automatically get font compatibility! But no they charge on top. What a joke!
This office suite has a better interface for my tablet than others I have used.  Very handy for writing on the go.  Now if only it had integrated spell checking.
Its great but a few snags in sending xls via email
Things they need ti fix:    1) open multiple documents and         2) move or enlarge toolbar which is too small for big fingers like mine.   Things they did right:         *WORKS with remote files including Dropbox;           *CAN EDIT files without losing or corrupting formatting;       *EXCEPTIONAL.  Most office apps  can open MSWord documents, but this is the first one that can open MSExcel without corrupting the file;           *EASE of use;           *GOOD VALUE.  Even with the additional font download at $4.99 it is still better than anything out there;           * CREATE or edit Word, Excel and PowerPoint    I highly recommend.  It's the only office app I use anymore.
Awesome emulator of office
If you have a lot of data to take with You this is app for it. Does the job.
I couldn't ask for better at this price - easy to figure out and functional. Read the help menu.
Works well
Very good for galaxy note
Nice set of mobile application.
Very handy,I feel like I have MS Office in my hand.
Works seamlessly for transferring  word docs from your phone to your computer, I love it
Just excellent.
This application is one of the most useful I have.  It allows me to create Office documents anywhere!
Much better than "docs to go"
I can do powerpoints on here faster than on my computer -Samsung Epic
Great app does everything that Microsoft office does but in the palm of your hand
It's a great app... everything that I wanted...
Great performance..smooth functions. Must have..
it works.... great
it works.... great
it works.... great
Once you get to know it, is great (and very easy cloud interaction).
Does it all Does it well
I've tried a number of the office suites available on android, and in terms of a native application-- this is hands down the best. Very easy to create and edit word/excel documents. I can definitely see room for improvement in terms of the handling of powerpoint files, but the honest truth is that most of the native office apps for android do a horrible job with powerpoint files regardless...and I still think that this does the best job. I did like the new added font pack, and hope that the number of fonts in that pack do increase. I wonder if they'll enable the ability to install fonts that we already own?  Great work to the developers and hopefully the app continues to improve over time.
It works fantastic with all my documents and my cloud system.
Works great! Love that you can access remote files. No problems found yet on Sensation 4G with custom ICS.
This is a great application
Love this app! Paired with Dropbox, I never have to wait to work on what I'm doing.
Excellent:-)
On the Samsung Tab I now have my working documents with me, also in the cloud. No more lugging a laptop to meetings and presentations. Very nice indeed!
Love this on my Galaxy Tab. Does everything I need it to.
Brilliant package, no idea how I've managed without it. Cheers!
Got it for 69p so no complaints
This is perfect for mobile reference on my phone.
Demo expired so I uninstalled and bought this.  It opens for a second then displays a "Network Error" message and closes.  reinstalled ok and enjoying using it
Definitely a must-have. Well-thought out. Flawless performance.
everythg is very interesting about this new ui.. but i want to comment about pdf reader that are loading the pdf page by page at very slow reading
The only app that allow ppt comment editing   gj
Works great and great price
So far, it has been working great for what I need it for. Works great for my business, everything I need right from my phone.
Great interface and cloud integration. Give the trial a go, that was the clincher for me - try before you buy. Other office Alps do limited feature trials that prevented me from trying the cloud integration, thus lost the sale...
the heck does it keep on running in the background all the time taking cpu and ram resources??? why doesn't it display properly pdf files??? please fix it!
Excellent app.
Comparative to quick Office office suitis good it would be better to make it user friendly as finding documents from Office suit id dificult.
Very useful app.
Like
i love cheap :)
Great app
Good but require open last location feature.
This is the most important app you can have on your phone, tablet and/or GTV. I use it on all my devices and it keeps me productive anywhere I am. Simply, Awesome.
Perfect; gives you word, and spreadsheet and powerpoint, and so you can do your work on the move..... So convenient
Best document app overall
good app for mobile work
Works great with all documents.
Very good office suite!
Excellent.
I've been using DTG full, but I decided to buy OfficeSuite Pro because of the discont, and because I wasn't satisfied by DTG. Best android office app so far!
great
Really useful
Really useful
Good
Great app
Great app
Great app
Excellent for just .99 !!!!!!
So far it seems ok I will use it often
Really loved this app
O melhor aplicativo do genero. E com o melhor custo/benefício
for a dollar, why not?
Probably the best office suite application for Android that I have come across! Thanks! :-)
No SkyDrive support
Very good.
Easy to used. Easy to connect on my cloud drive
It's worth every single cent!!
Best docs viewer and editor for android
Great cloud support
Rather well made id say. I like the UI
Rather well made id say. I like the UI
Best aps ever
Great app!
I have been waiting for a discount and here it is! $0.99! I have tried most office apps out there. Most of thbem don't format properly. This is fast and accurate!
Work well on honey comb
Love app can't beat the price too I happy get app pack my phone A+
Works great and looks great with my Asus Transformer 300 pad. I have never seen a Power Point version this clean and effective.
Very fast, opens seemingly every document I throw at it. Worth the price.
Exelent app and competitiv price
This office suite is truly the best. I have tried many others and this is the best overall. And I got it for $2.99. This is a steal. Now it's $0.99 (until May 10th) and I'm like wow, right after a month...  Oh well, this app is still amazing and worth it, even for $3. But I'm still butthurt :P
till now an over all office programs, this one is the best.
No problems found either on a Galaxy Tab or a Huawei Ideos X5.
Cant open keep getting network error. Just purchased it
Great app, I use it all the time.
Great, the best office app!
cannot see photo inside excel,pls fix
Great Office App, Works Very Well
I like it :-) Now i can do evrythng i want :-)
Finally an office app that's easy to use and integrates with my clouds. Hope to see SkyDrive support in the future.
Just what I need
excellent application
For Sale!
Great app worth the money works great
Excellent app but it really needs wifi network support to access files over a local network.  Will add a star if/when this is added.  Psi.
You can't get wrong with this price 0.99
I like it!
Very very nice at0.99$
Very very nice at0.99$
I'm surprised how good this application is.  Pretty cool what it can do. Keep up the good work.
I'm surprised how good this application is.  Pretty cool what it can do. Keep up the good work.
i just use it for PDFs and reviewing slide decks when i'm on the road. works great for a phone!
Highly recommended! Worth it even at full price. The 99¢ deal makes it even sweeter.
Awsome app and a bargain.
Not bad for 99c but worth top money
Most of these top office apps will do what you need. Just wait for one to go on sale. Got this full version for 99 cents.
Decent deal, great looking and nice UI
Perfect
Its well worth buying
I got this free from Amazon.  Now that its cheaper here I can finally uninstall the terrible Amazon marketplace app and still use OfficeSuite.  Thanks for doing this promotional.
nice app...
Thanks android police! This app was a steal
Does everything I want it to do on my tablet and phone. Can't believe I got this for $.99!
I was about to buy this for £6 after the trial but for £0.61 this is the bargain of the century, get it before it goes back up!!  Works awesome on my Transformer Prime, my only issue is the help file, needs more to it. Apparently v6 support header and footer but I cannot figure out how to edit them what so ever.  Could to with TOC support and Headers, even if just H1 and H2.  Scroll sometime gets stuck on table when using keys.  But even with these comments it still gets 5* from me, better than any other that I have tried from the Play Market.
Well worth the money.
Works great!  Wish it had spellcheck.
Love it helps alot
Great app just what I was looking for.
This is the best office app I've found yet for the Android platform. Keep up the great work.
Eventho its nice, it aint very user friendly nevertheless the best on the market :-)
This is the best Office suite on the market, and I have tried them all.
@Ian, you can create/edit PowerPoint files/slides. Excel/PowerPoint/Word all work on my LG G2x; I do agree that spellcheck would be very helpful in PowerPoint and Word. Update: Cloud storage is excellent; sort by date/size/type would also be helpful. (It has an option to filter files, but needs a bit more detail in its sorting.
Good
Don't buy many apps. But this one I did after the months free trial. Exactly what I needed in a mobile word processor.
This app has become my favorite. I've tried others but have had the least glitches with this one. It's not MSOffice, but then it never said it was. I use it daily with our corporate mail, sending/receiving, reviewing/commenting various documents. It has integrated into my tab the best of all the 'major' office apps. Toshi Thrive, Google Apps Business (email).
Great app. Would love to see a columns feature added.
Great app, everything you need on the go as a college student, have written numerous papers with this and it works fantastic. Only downside is the lack of spellcheck.
Awesome  Superb application. Office Suite has enable me to create trip sheet, For Taxi operation net profit chart in 3D. Rental property income & expenses, net profit. Check Book Balances at ease. I post the above mentioned entries on Excel with pleasure. Thank you so much, Samsung Galaxy Tab & Office Suite The Android Application
Awesome  Superb application. Office Suite has enable me to create trip sheet, For Taxi operation net profit chart in 3D. Rental property income & expenses, net profit. Check Book Balances at ease. I post the above mentioned entries on Excel with pleasure. Thank you so much, Samsung Galaxy Tab & Office Suite The Android Application
It has responded well and fairly easy to use. I am able to view, edit, share and create docs and presentation as well as spread sheets with this program.
Does the job well. More than happy with it.
Been looking for a good office app as I'm a student and use it a lot but using laptop all the time is too heavy to carry all the time
It really great for sudent..
I think this program is good and easy to use.
I really like this app for mobility and functionality. This is why I went with a tablet for work.
Love being able to edit existing Word docs & creating new ones on my tablet
Excellent app does all I want
One of the best office apps for Android.  I like being able to access and work on my docs stored on Google Drive (formerly Docs) .
I found the app to a life savior when my PC was down and papers had to be completed.
I am a therapist --it works great for notes, and I email them to my main computer.
I am a therapist --it works great for notes, and I email them to my main computer.
This is clearly hands down the best got to have app
Its a pretty nice app.... With xperia S its just awesome...
Thanks
I bought a lot of apps for Microsoft office product and so far this is the one that I mostly use!!.. So great and wonderful! Works well with my ASUS Transformer.. :-)
By far the best office suite I've used.  Best UI, best integration with Google Docs.  Love it :)
It keeps uninstalling itself from my Sony Xperia S and I have no idea why?!
It keeps uninstalling itself from my Sony Xperia S and I have no idea why?!
Does everything I need when traveling!
Frustrated that when I copy to or from the program the docs do not keep their format. Also I can not get docs to attach to email no matter what I try. When I open file to attach doc the folder appears empty. It only does this when I try to attach doc.
Have tried lots of other mobile doc progs and this works best for me! Thanks!
This is the best app for working with Microsoft docs on a mobile platform. Period!
Very neat UI, works extremely well on my Galaxy Tab 10.1 Keep up the good work!
Hands down a great a useable app ,use it daily
Just awesome, my wife had this app installed on her SP device. With in 8 hours my studio office is now very well organized and up coming presentations are nearly finished. As well as our household. GREAT JOB GENTLEMAN! !
plus i only paid 2.99 for it
Motorola Xoom 2 615 Loaded and productive immediately Lots of format options Great with Microsoft 6000 keyboard
Awesome app! Love it.
I use this for school now and I have gone completely paperless and out has made my life sooooooo much easier!
Works well for me no dramas
Needed an app that allowed me to work on my Asus Transformer Prime using header and footer via word to then use later on my laptop for work. Tried others to no avail, installed this and no problems at all. For ease of use and ensuring compatibility very worth the money, thank you!
I often have brainstorms on the go. This is a great program to keep my writing and creative ideas afloat.
I'm a scifi/fantasy writer and this is a great app for editing and working on my novels on the go.
I'm a scifi/fantasy writer and this is a great app for editing and working on my novels on the go.
A+
Tried the others. This suite is the best implementation of the common feature set.
This is the best office suite I have found. Consistently works on my Toshiba Thrive. Updated with useful additions regularly.
Oh yeah
A good program me.
A good program me.
Easy to use and fast
It is absolutely wonderful!
Office Suite is the top Office app out there as far as I'm concerned.  And I'm a registered user of all the top Office apps.
Office Suite is the top Office app out there as far as I'm concerned.  And I'm a registered user of all the top Office apps.
Excellent & must have application works great
Very good.
The absolute best office app ever.
That's the one feature I needed. Very satisfied!
This is hands down the best Office Suite on the market for Android. No other Office Suite comes close to the features this one provides. I have personally recommended this suite to every I know who has an android device.
Brilliant program highly recommend.. Samsung G2
I am an Engineer and this great for me constantly on the looking and editing files!
this is cool.
Works perfectly on my Galaxy Nexus. Great office app.
Besides being stupid enough to buy this app both in the Amazon Appstore and the Play Store and thus harboring a bit of resentment toward the devs, this is actually a good app. However, I REALLY wish that there was a "red underline" function when typing on a usb keyboard. I'm usually a fine speller, but it's disappointing to lose points on an assignment because I didn't catch a spelling error and as I don't have computer, this is really my only option when it comes to word processing. Another problem that's
It says that is 11mb, but it is 17mb. We should be able to store this application in the SD memory!
Great
This app has saved me so many time with presentations for work and even excel sheets that have to be done asap. This is a very good app. I have worked for an it help desk and im a pc repair tech for Alorica and I would highly suggest this app.
Latest version improved on good product.
Happy from perfomance
With the latest update, you have a winner.
Fast efficient effective YY
Latest update made this the best office suite on Android.  I am an online student and for a while have been looking for an Office suite for my Asus Transformer so that I can work on my assignments on a train while commuting to work.  This has always been one of the best.  But now with this latest update bringing the page view for text documents and comment updating for presentations, my search is over! Others on tried: QuickOfice, DocsToGo, Polaris Office all lack in some features and this suite is the most complete.
Best office package on android, for tablet or phone.
I really like the application.
It has been improving many features and it has never stopped doing that. One day, it will be one of the best out there.
Awsome app thanks
I use this all the time upgraded to pay version it works so well.
I've been looking for a very long time for something that doesn't cost an arm or leg to buy and office suite pro is thus far the best one I've tried for a very reasonable price.  Could almost replace microsoft's office ;)
Not used much so far but from what I have seen so far it's a great app. Using on a phone for now but I expect it to be even better on a tablet. Must add that the recent addition of remote SugarSync usage is fantastic.  Used the app to edit essays will I've been on the move so now making it 5 stars
I've used all the apps like this. For a heavy user this is as close to to computer as it gets.
I've used all the apps like this. For a heavy user this is as close to to computer as it gets.
Paid for version works a charm, better than the rest. Using on HTC wildfire.
The best word processing software in the Market the only problem is it Sometimes .hang for no reason
very nice!
I love the huge text selection tabs they rock and unlike others simply work. I also like the quick format bar that is always available and support for the action bar, though those could have been combined. It open to a file explorer that works great on the tablet.
Can do virtually everything MS Office can do.  GREAT buy!
Really GOOD!!!
I love the complete functionality. Very impressed after trying other major competitors.
I have been using this app for about 5 months and thoroughly enjoy it... as much as you can enjoy an office app, I guess. I tried the other major competitors and none even came close.  I do have one feature request... a presentation mode for the document editor. I am a speaker and I preach from my tablet and it would be very convenient to be able to keep the editing tools from coming on as I am speaking.
Ok, Pass.
It does support password protected files
Very impressed with the software. Please work on including a bibliography/reference facility.
It just simply works. No real hiccups, a plethora of features and such. Bottom line a very solid and great app.  It's the best out there, trust me i tried em all.  This app is worth the price.
Does everything I need it to!
The integration to Google Docs and Dropbox in this app is really helpful. I can just drop to wherever I want a document and I am assured to have quick access on it in my phone.
Ahhhhh
I have already got Documents to Go, but it couldn't  open some files (displaying error message). So I tried Office Suite, and it works like a charm. I love Office Suite Pro.
Seems to work well. Only just downloaded it, due to promotional price.
Manteb dah buat ncus gw. Akhirnya beli opis juga, drpd pake bajakan mumpung murah banget.
Great app at an awesome discount price. Looks great and is very responsive and fluid. Looks better than D2G and better compatibility than QO.
Although some of the interface could be cleaned up and tables trend to run off screen in word docs, it is profoundly better than much else available
Excellent
I like the interface and the program allows me to open password protected files which I understand other such programs won't.  Seems to be quite stable on my Lenovo A1.
This office program contains all the formating I need for my documents, it looks nice, and runs great. It even has nice powerpoint templates, which many other office suite apps lack.
Excellent APP!!!  I've tried others but this one is the best.  Has the most features and works great with PowerPoint, Microsoft Word and PDF files.
So much better than the naff program that came bundled on my android tablet - and so cheap!
Just install Docs to Go and QuickOffice for the purpose of presenting a powerpoint presentation on my Xoom tablet. While it showed up grainy and did transition properly on the other two apps, which cost 5-7x as much, and it worked perfectly on OSP5. Keep up the good work!
4
Its awsome
All I need is create, view, and edit MSWord files and this app works perfectly for my needs!!!
works great for me on my transformer prime. helps when i don't have access to my laptop with more power.
works great for me on my transformer prime. helps when i don't have access to my laptop with more power.
I use this on my tablet for note taking. It works extremely well.
Excellent program.
The only word processor that I have found that will do an outline and function with keyboard shortcut commands!
The only word processor that I have found that will do an outline and function with keyboard shortcut commands!
Nice & very useful application to me
Excellent
Can edit and read in different languages. Just what I need for my work. Thanks
Has great features and near seamless compatibility with MS Office
Seriously useful, awesome! Runs perfectly and without issue on my Xperia Play
Don't let anyone kid you, there are no perfect office apps in this market, but this is the best. It still crashes sometimes, and does not always retain formatting accurately. It also lacks a sand option so I can't use cloud print with it. Still, it is the best out there. Please keep improving it.  ASUS Transformer running ICS 4.03.
Great porgram
Very useful and work well with Android 4.0
I can open and edit excel and word files with out problems. The other apps I have tried do not come close
Everyyhing that you need and more!
Did what i expected and more. Well worth the asking price.
Alll the excel functions I need. More functionality than excel on my old windows phone.
Works brilliantly on my Archos 80 G9. Well worth paying for.
Really good app and would recommend it without a doubt
Great concept....easy to use and edit.....
Overall its great need add on printer...
Better than my desktops
Better than my desktops
Better than my desktops
really needs spell check!
Think it's the best one I have used.
K
I have tried all the other programs like this and this is by far the best one I have used. I love the PP setup and how easy it is to use the cloud services.
Excellent integration into other services like Google and Dropbox.
So I have to say that out of the 3 main office apps this is by far the best app by far ... MyTouch 4g
So I have to say that out of the 3 main office apps this is by far the best app by far ... MyTouch 4g
Especially since I use my phone for most of my online classes....
I like this word processor, the transition from the laptop MS Word to tablet Office Pro suite is virtually seemless.  I have tried other systems but this one is by far the easiest to use.
The word processor on this app is great. Only thing that's missing is easy access to font size changes. Hopefully updates will see it being brought to the ribbon.
Just purchased and really like the layout.
Works just as described, thank you :-)
This is a very useful application worth 10.00
Awsome app
Amazing quality and functionality. The ability to sync with your cloud accounts is magic and works great. Only issue I have had is that large files seem to take a while for the pages to refresh. Can't say enough.
I bought this item for school. So far it has been an amazing purchase. Will for sure reccomend to friends.
I bought this item for school. So far it has been an amazing purchase. Will for sure reccomend to friends.
Very nice product would recommend.
Use it for keeping track of my comission pay in word format on the go, for easy printing later.
So happy!
Ahhhhhhh
Still needs a few things like spell check and auto save.  So far liking it better than polaris office or kingsoft office.  Simple, easy to use, intuitive interface, whats not to love.
It is worth the price, has done every thing that it claims.
Absolutely excellent app. I can sync all my info with google documents that are with my email and calendar.
Love it, it does everything....WELL WORTH THE MONEY!!!
This works very nicely with Google Docs!  It opens all my school docx files as well, pretty much just what I wanted.  Running it on cm9 on a Kindle Fire.
Excellent app. Much better than the free ones. Pdf reader isn't the best though.
I like the app. However, PowerPoint does not support embedded hyperlinks.  I will change my rating to 5 stars because the app works for everything else I need.
I like the app. However, PowerPoint does not support embedded hyperlinks.  I will change my rating to 5 stars because the app works for everything else I need.
Much better than other apps. Bets ease of use, faster editing of docs.
Much better than what comes with most Android phones. Very worth it to buy premium. Opens all versions.
Great app, is what it says. View and create and sort documents with ease. Well worth the small price tag.
Is there a way to print from the tablet
An office must
Totally awesome program.
Great app
WOW  what a great app   downloaded this app along with doc to go pro onto my Pantech Element tablet.  Stopped using and uninstalled doc to go.  This is so versital I'll recommend this app cause it works so well....
WOW  what a great app   downloaded this app along with doc to go pro onto my Pantech Element tablet.  Stopped using and uninstalled doc to go.  This is so versital I'll recommend this app cause it works so well....
I like the all of the functionality that this product gives you with viewing and manipulating documents over your phone . Very good product.
Best app ever. Just wish I could see the cursor. Buy this! You wont find anything better
The prodeuct allowed me to create a presentable resume' on my tablet. That's good enough for me.   The extra bonus of a trial version made all the difference in my decision to purchase the product.
Works well on GT 10.1, with Apple bluetooth keyboard. A number of MS Office shortcuts work, such as ctrl-s, ctrl-b/u/i, etc. An irritating thing is that " and @ are inverted, but that's probably to do with the chosen keyboard and not the app.
Nothing comes close.
Very good suite
Works well on tf101,tried most office apps and this is best so far. Main use is for spreadsheets.
Works great! :) Easy to use and easy to download my college powerpoints & documents to! I love downloading my stuff from google docs to here! Love it!
Great tool for taking notes/minutes in meetings or during job site prebid walthroughs.  I am able to view PDF's of bluprints too.
How do they pack so much into a small ap?
How do they pack so much into a small ap?
Very good! Easy to work with, all in one place! ... Nice job!
It does everything a productive human needs! Now if Android would make an app to print to Kodak WiFi printers and Id be set!
It does everything a productive human needs! Now if Android would make an app to print to Kodak WiFi printers and Id be set!
Does exactly what I need.  Worth every penny.
This app is soo cool. I do my projects on here! Its awesome!
Great app. Have been using for over 2 months now. No problems. Excellent. I wish more people would say which phone they have when reviewing, it would be a great help.
Works very well on Asus transformer, supports keyboard functions using control key (such as undo, copy, paste). Interface is good. Text selection is very good. Wish there was a print layout view though.
Great program!
An office app at last that can write footnotes as well as read them.  As an academic this is essential and main rivals cannot do this so this is the Word Processing android app for academics!
Does everything I need! And the PowerPoint and word are a lot better than other paid apps I've tried :-)
Grate app, works realy well, apart from it will not come out of capitals on the xperia play
Been using on my tablet for almost a year good app best out there well worth the money only suggestion is effects for PowerPoint portion
This app is brilliant, I love it! Well worth the money and good value. I'm using it mostly for an Excel spreadsheet and it can do everything I want it to do. I h Hardly ever need to use my laptop any more!
Best RTL handling on the market
Aawesome application. I never seen before !!!
This app is doing the business for me, I can't fault it
This makes my tablet worth while.  Good easy program.
really easy to use
If you are looking for an office app just get
This is by far one of the best office apps. I never got to use polaris office since it's not available on market, but compared to the other apps like documents to go, quick office, kingsoft, etc., this one blows them out of the water. Of course there are limitations like no spell check but that doesn't skew my opinion.
This is a great program.  It provides everything one needs.
This is a great program.  It provides everything one needs.
This is the best office pro I have used. A must if you have view and edit docs on the go. Well worth the price.
Works smoothly. Though I haven't had a chance to use everything it is capable of. Well set out!
I cannot vouch for the presentation portion of the suite, but the spreadsheet and word processor are by far the best available for my tablet, even better than the Polaris Office that came with Transformer Prime. I love the amount of formatting options available and especially love it's integration with cloud storage such as dropbox and google docs. I would like to see some more integration with cloud services, particularly ASUS WebStorage as this is being used on my Eee Pad. Thanks for the solid software, well worth the money!
I use this app constantly in class to take notes and outside of class for assignments. It is worth well over $10 so this is practically free!  Everything functions fluently, never crashes (Acer a200), and has several options to save your work (USB, SD card, remote locations). A must have for students constantly typing assignments.
I just finished working on a 9 sheets excel document.  Saved it after updating each sheet.  Just tried to send it to another user and it came out as a .day file now I cannot use it and my day has been a waste.  Thanks for a shi**y product.
I am very pleased with this app.  Great job!
Absolutely fantastic! Opens everything under the sun.
this app is wonderful it does everything they said. Thanks
This programme means my phone does what my old Blackberry did and more. Very good
Very happy with features, functionality, and performance
Very happy with features, functionality, and performance
Of all the systems available, this is the office suite that other wannabes will never equal.  I have them all.
Cloud storage and local storage and very little resources used...hard to beat and well worth the money spent for the full program.
The best document app I have ever used.
This is the best app that I have found for office documents. It also integrates with Google Docs and Dropbox. It has worked flawlessly for me.
Great app!!!!!!!
Great app
Awesome!!
Like a  mini Microsoft Office. Love the toolbar!
Great app e Simple to post doc to web pt attach to E-mai. l even for someone like me lol
Best all ever do everything you would at the office or home love!!!!
Best all ever do everything you would at the office or home love!!!!
The best I found so far, and I tried a few. Integration with Google Docs is great, although there are some formatting issue with spreadsheets originally created in Docs. Well done.
The best I found so far, and I tried a few. Integration with Google Docs is great, although there are some formatting issue with spreadsheets originally created in Docs. Well done.
Awsome must have it it is just what I wanted!!!
It is the best office suite that you can find in Android (hence the name I guess :-)). It would be even better I you could view word documents in landscape, on my phone, like I can on my tablet...
It won't open excel files that I have on my phone with a .xls extention.
It won't open excel files that I have on my phone with a .xls extention.
worth every penny.the best office android about
A complete Office solution. Works as advertised, has a nice interface, comfortable colors, and functions as a smooth file manager.
I love this app, its just made my life easy and don't need to be in the office anymore
Great App
I like  this office suite,  It does everything which I needed to do on my Asus transformer prime TF201 tablet.   Thank you for such a great app !!!
Even better than what I have on my computer and for a decent price. This program reads a variety of files including .RTF and .DOC. (It also claims to read .DOCX, but I haven't tried it.) Best of all, it connects to my remote files on Dropbox and Google Docs. This is the perfect app for anyone wanting to write on their tablet.
This is quite a robust app for only $15! It reads all Microsoft Office files without issue. You can type a document or make a spreadsheet and Office recognizes it just like a native file.
No regrets. Full trial version did all it was asked to.
I've downloaded all the main Office packages, and this is the only one that displays text as it should appear without screwing with the formatting too much.  Closest you'll get to Word.
It is really nice app. Thanks.
amzing app for on the go business people or small business owners!
Needed to open pw protected docx and xlsx and this does it easily! Tried other apps and they failed...  nice interface and functionality too.  so far so good!
Great app for galaxy s2
Bada$$
Otherwise great
Works well, seamless.
Works well, seamless.
This is the best app
Awesome app... The most useful app...
Wonderful!!! I've tried majority of the office apps and this one sails past the others. Great interfaces and helps keep my docs organized for home and work...
It's working great! But want to remove preset office viewer.  It's taking up my precious internal space :(   Xperia arc
Really works well when your out of the office.
I like it a lot, has all the main applications that are used. PowerPoint, word, excel
Awesome on Asus transformer. It opens up broken Polaris office files. Presentation package with notes section makes this perfect for student. Wish evernote was integrated and had support for livescribe. Wasted 60 bucks buying craps software like documents to go and quickoffice HD. Spend the 9.99 to help these guys get more features. Hope they listen to the community.
Recent dropbox integration makes this already great app a must have for anyone needing to access documents while on the go. Add a BT keyboard, and you've got a mini laptop.
Enables me to work wherever I am.
This is one of most feature rich suite having the most user-friendly interface. Am sure will keep getting better with future releases. Thanks Devs. Keep up the good work.
Fantastic. Only app I've ever paid for and I don't regret it.
This app allows you to view, edit and make Word, Excel and Power Point Doc's and spreadsheets.  It also allows you to see PDF's.  I was thrilled, it works perfect.  I have a 32Gig Toshiba Thrive Tablet with Honeycomb 3.2.  It's nice when a product just works!
I had use Documents to Go and Office Pro is better. Just work on an update that let us Save as .pdf documents.
Good app!
Works great on my Xoom compatible with Xoom print. I haven't used it a lot but I haven't had any problems.
Works well, does what it should, sony tablet s
Love this product! Use mostly Excel for work.  Dennis
Best on the market.  RTF support.
Very easy to use does what i need it to
Love the easy familiar interface,  versatility,  and power!
Why does this app need to read text and multimedia messages?
Exelente, muy bueno gracias
This works Great!!!
Allows full use of MS Office docs on my Android!
Great app. The best mobile product available
i wish it had a printing option and more editing details
Happy to use it
Great app!
This is an awesome app for those who use office for pc. It allows you to use those file on phone or pc.
Very good for my use can open all old document
5 stars for sure.  The Google Docs capabilities are absolutely 2nd to none.  Great job!
Who needs MS Office for Windows?!?
Excellent program!
I love it. A plus is being able to save documents remotely...
Can open any file Ive come across...allows to edit and resave in your choice of format....way better than polaris office-Asus TF
Can open any file Ive come across...allows to edit and resave in your choice of format....way better than polaris office-Asus TF
Excellent app...
great to take notes and either save them to Google docs or dropbox or just transfer them to my desktop via USB I have the Acer icnia A200 works great and don't take up to much space would love it tho if it had a way to transfer the program to my SD card it has much more room then the 8g hard drive I have in it other than that I would recommend this app to everyone of my classmates
great to take notes and either save them to Google docs or dropbox or just transfer them to my desktop via USB I have the Acer icnia A200 works great and don't take up to much space would love it tho if it had a way to transfer the program to my SD card it has much more room then the 8g hard drive I have in it other than that I would recommend this app to everyone of my classmates
This is the best application for school work!  No troubles yet!  T-Mobile LG G2x.
Was using DTG.  This now has more features & easier formatting.
So far so good. Does everything I need.
Does everything I need it to do.  Only complaint is that it opens excel with cell A1 at the top instead of where I had been previously working. Maybe I am missing a setting.
Perfect
It is awesome to be able to take notes in class and save them to Google docs!
Checking it out
Good app so far
Good app so far
Good app so far
Works every time. Far better than the document app I had before.
This is an excellent office app with a very good user interface,the features like dropbox cloud support and Microsoft Office compatibility are also very very good, I highly recommend this app to anyone needing to do a bit of office work on the go
I have used many office type apps, and this one is the best by far.
I love this app, but I can't for the life of me figure out how to get  this app and dropbox to work with each other. Can anyone help please?
I've tried DTG, QuickOffice, & Office Suite Pro.  I've to say OSP is the best. Able to set as well as open password protected file. Important for me as I deal with sensitive info. QO can't do this. DTG main app has almost all features disabled unless you pay for it. OSP gives you one whole month to try it out. After trying out, decided its the best and bought the app. Recommend you try it out & decide for yourself. It's really value for money. Cost much less than the other two too.
Ive been using D2G forever ... and wanted to try something new that was easier to use.  I tested out the free version and decide it is worth every penny.  It is intuitive, flexible, and powerful for a mobile app.  I primarily use it for documents and spreadsheets, so can't comment much on the PowerPoint.  But I LOVE it!!!
The only suite that would allow me to do nearly everything with excel spreadsheets that I can do on my computer and I have tried out all that I can find and this is the best.
Excel alone is better than any other app out there. More features is all I want. Oh and not sure if I'm just missing somethin but why no auto save on hold. And default document to open on startup. I use the Excel for notes and mileage reports for work.
Nice app
Does more than the expected job.
Does more than the expected job.
By far the best office suite on Android and I've tried them all in the last 12 months.
aplikasi yg sangat bermanfaat
I bought all three major office suites.  It was not because I wanted to waste so much money, but I ran into limitations with DocumentsToGo first, althought that is my second favorite, still, and recent updates have corrected a lot.  Open Office was lovely and has text-to-speech, but had the same limitation and still does, and their support were not very nice and gave me no hope for future improvement.  OfficeSuitePro had got it right from the start and it has improved since.    My pet peeve was with how text zoom worked.  Open Office still zooms like you are in page preview mode of MS Word or in a PDF, so you have to scroll to see the full page.  The other two both do text wrapping now.  You need this function to be good shop you can put the tablet down while writing on it.  I write massive amounts on it and need not to squint at the text or to keep holding the tablet.  And no, there isn't anything wrong with my vision.  It's just ergonomics.  Office Suite Pro also has the most comfortable and natural text selection functions.  The formatting toolbar exposes the most typical options right on the screen and has good options in the menues, too.  PDF is good in all of them.
Brilliant. Van freeze headings and columns.
Very useful and easy to operate
This actually does what it promises. True story.
Iam really happy with this App which makes me easier while travelling & this made me to forget about LP also
Very good. Main advantages are UI, integration with web apps (google, dropbox). It opened all the files I threw at it.
After playing around with Quick Office version my Droid Pro came with and giving the Trial version of Quick Office a run, I became more and more frustrated about not being able to open certain files.  Gave the OSP 5 Trial a run and loved it.  Just purchased the App and it's clearly the best office option out there!  Thanks Mobile Systems!
Amazon app store is great
Amazon app store is great
Great apps. Easy to use.
From MobiSystems- please contact Android Market to get your refund. We will appreciate real user feedback instead of free ads of competitor products
Brilliant application. Now it integrates with Dropbox, so you can save files directly to the cloud.
I have tried all other things like Polaris, Docs to go & what not. This is the finest ! Guys if you can please integrate word suggestion while typing.
Does what it's supposed to do. And it does it very well. Thanks for adding additional cloud services like Dropbox and Google Docs to the "Remote files" section. A "Send to" menu item on opened documents will be very useful as well to suggest email, bluetooth and print actions. Nevertheless, a necessity for every android device owner.
Does what it's supposed to do. And it does it very well. Thanks for adding additional cloud services like Dropbox and Google Docs to the "Remote files" section. A "Send to" menu item on opened documents will be very useful as well to suggest email, bluetooth and print actions. Nevertheless, a necessity for every android device owner.
bought on a double tap accident, no refund option!!! Any developer without a refund option for the first 15mins is very sketchy to me.
Very good software! For the ones who need office tools works fine, even with google docs, pitty it doens't sync directly with google docs.
Very good software! For the ones who need office tools works fine, even with google docs, pitty it doens't sync directly with google docs.
Love the apparently!
I have been hunting for a good Office Suite and because of the reviews here I decided to go ahead and purchase this. I'm really happy with it. Everything everybody has said about it is true. I'm very happy!
I can't stress enough how much I love this application more than any of the other office applications on the market, way better than docs to go.
Superb apps!!
Its well worth the money.
I was despairing about the lack of features in Picsel Smart office and Documents to go and the utter lameness of Google Docs for Android when I came across this app and decided to give it a shot. It is by by far the richest and best performing office app for Android on the Market. It can easily handle large documents, has a great copy and paste implementation and a broad array of options. Please add support for docx documents in the future. Well done. Thanks.
Great for my needs & getting better. UI update good, but still needs easier data input for Excel. This & a few other sm tweeks and its 5* all the way
Great for my needs & getting better. UI update good, but still needs easier data input for Excel. This & a few other sm tweeks and its 5* all the way
I bought this for accessing and editing Google docs. It won't work. Refund not available after 15 minutes. No tech support available.
Awesome UI improvement for editing and everything! Completely different app now. Great job!
This is very good office apps Ive ever found if the price is a bit less.?
Works perfect now on my transformer.
I've tried several different office applications, and this is by far my favorite. Intuitive, user-friendly and well - supported by developer. A+
This updated UI is great!
By far the best office suite. Even better than ms office.
Needed to be able to copy and paste cells in a spreadsheet. Found the pro version did what I wanted. This app can also handle Office 2010 files.
Awesome, once I worked how to use it which was really easy it has been the best on HTC Desire. Best money spent yet!
excellent app gives me all the tools to take word and excel with me. I love the ppt viewer as I can use my phone to que me when presenting
Really Good app but, please....., why are so many app developers neglecting installation to SD???.. Absolutely ridiculous. Is not that difficult...
Latest update seems to have added Move to SD. It does everything I need of it. HTC Desire, FroYo.
Date format in Excel doesn't work at all. Move2sd also won't work and app is 15 Mb large. Largest app on my HTC Desire... Tech support is slow
This office suite worked wonderfully until I updated the rom on my Nexus 1. Now it is totally erratic. Fail.
Best thing ever for HTC Evo. When using full size keyboard press enter many times and then scroll up or down for better view of doc.
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
Would be five star if you could add symbols and if there was a toolbar
I've been trying several apps, pass month and finally came across one that works very well for complicated Excel docs. Thank You OfficeSuite Pro. Evo
I've been trying several apps, pass month and finally came across one that works very well for complicated Excel docs. Thank You OfficeSuite Pro. Evo
